tt0087263
Drama,Thriller
It is the Spring of 1984 in a middle-class New Jersey suburb. Opening up to some very bad 80's pop-rock playing on a clock radio, fifteen year old Jake Livingston is looking outside of his bedroom window and sees a lighted up Chevy Blazer pulling up in his driveway with his mother giving the man driving it a kiss goodnight. He does not recognize the man or the vehicle. The next morning, we get a brief glimpse into the everyday life of these boys. Jake's younger 11 year old brother Brian is playing a Merlin electronic device having stole the batteries out of his Walkman, a nostalgic reminder this was the mid-1980's before hand-held technology was any more advanced. Jake and Brian are a little surly and typical preteen/teen boys, but generally good kids. Jake is walking to class with his buddies (one of whom is Robert Downey, Jr.) and his girlfriend Lisa (future superstar Sarah Jessica Parker). We are introduced to Jake's history teacher Mr. Rader, a miserable smart-ass of a man that enjoys teasing his students about the unfairness of life and playing games with them. He gives the students a quiz and tells them plain out he tricked them. Jake is also on the lacrosse team and having practice. More of the everyday life of the Livingston family with Jake and his buddies coming over to raid the refrigerator and picking on the younger boys. His mother Wendy arrives home to take Jake to get his learners permit. The Livingston's arrive home and Lisa greets Jake. He and Lisa are later in the bedroom doing their homework and when Wendy knocks on his bedroom door calling them for dinner, Jake teases her that they need to put their clothes on first. He opens the door with Wendy's ear pressed to it. She makes them all dinner and tells the kids she's going out for the night. The boys' father Alan comes over to take them out to a nice dinner before he goes to Montreal. Wendy was going to go out with them as well, but Alan's girlfriend Joanne is in town as well. Alan is a successful lawyer, but a kind man to his boys. The boys generally discuss with Alan and Joanne their times at school. Alan announces he and Joanne are getting married. The boys congratulate him, but seem saddened as well. They arrive home that night to find Wendy even sadder. Jake and Lisa are at the yard of a house under construction having a bottle of wine she stole from her parents cellar. They enjoy the afternoon together making out Some school morning later, Jake and Brian hear a coughing in the bedroom from a man they don't recognize. He comes into the kitchen half asleep, red-eyed, and disheveled appearance and awkwardly introduces himself as Sam. The boys are uncomfortable with his presence, but generally courteous. Jake and his lacrosse teammates are being given an instruction in basic hygiene by their coach, due to the possibility of athlete's foot, telling them after they get out of the shower to first dry their head, then their crotch, then their feet. The coach explains to them one time he had a bad case of athlete's foot and by drying his feet first, then his crotch, he got a bad infection from it, losing a testicle. Wendy and her neighbor are in the backyard doing work with Wendy telling her about this guy she's with and that they are totally comfortable with each other, but her neighbor warns her that just because she's on the rebound she should not rush into it. Jake overhears the conversation. Jake and Sam are in the living room gradually warming up to each other with Sam telling him the other morning was not the best way to meet. Sam mentions to Jake he works for a security system company, but wants to have his own business the way others are always trying to rip you off. Sam and Wendy go out on a date for the night. Jake and Brian are playing near a stream and Brian accidentally kills a bird with his slingshot. They arrive back to their home with Sam visiting. He gets Jake a used dirtbike with his mother having paid for it. Sam is preparing a barbecue for the family and tells the boys how he wants to open his own restaurant. Jake is beginning to suspect this man is all talk and a phony because just a few days ago his recent interest was to open his own security company. Jake goes into Brian's bedroom declaring Sam's an asshole. Brian thinks he's okay, but like many intelligent kids, Jake has that built in radar and sense of discernment and can't explain why, he just knows the man is up to no good. Jake and Lisa are at the shopping mall with Jake venting his frustrations to her that the man tries too hard, but Lisa thinks he's being unfair, judgmental and not giving him a chance. But Jake still trusts his instincts. Jake comes home with Sam installing a security system for the house. His mother is preparing a cake. She announces to the boys that Sam is moving with them. Wendy justifies it that she is desperate for companionship, but Sam had to move out of his apartment and probably out of a job. The boys are totally displeased. Jake comes home and Brian has a note that his mother has to sign because he got into a fight. Jake agrees to forge her signature for him, providing Brian's assurance he will never get in another fight. The family is eating at a crowded restaurant that night. Sam is eating an overcooked steak and totally displeased with the food and service. He declares he and Wendy could open a much better restaurant serving mesquite grilled meats and fish if he could buy a piece of real estate and sell it to put up the money for a restaurant. But Jake debunks his idea infuriating Sam. That night they get home, Sam gives Jake a shove and tells him to get off his back. Jake and his buddies are coming over to his house once again after school only to find Sam laying on the couch half-asleep and watching TV. He tells his friends they need to leave so they don't see Sam. That night Jake is in his room doing his homework, but Sam is blasting loud music and Jake unable to concentrate. At school back in Mr. Rader's class, a student is giving a report on the fictional Rocky Balboa. The teacher tells the boy the assignment was about real people that were major contributors of the 20th century. He teases the boy asking him if he believes in the tooth fairy too and that Superman can beat up Rocky. Jake calls the teacher an asshole under his breath, but his teacher hears it and tells Jake to say it to his face and not be a coward. Jake denies it. Mr. Rader assures Jake that his grades are not good enough to get on his bad side and to watch himself. Jake comes home that afternoon with Sam playing pinball and Jake's records. And Brian had a fight with his mother, locking himself in his room. Jake and Brian get up the next morning to find a note written on a paper towel and $40 in cash that Wendy and Sam have gone to Lake George and be home in a few days. After Brian leaves, Jake goes into his mother's messy bedroom hoping to uncover the truth. There is an almost empty wine bottle and glass on the nightstand. He goes into a jewelry box to find a bag of marijuana and bottle of pills, possibly Quaaludes. He also goes into a duffel bag and finds a hash pipe, another bottle of pills, and small amount of cocaine. Then he finds an area with a tool box and carpet ripped on the side. He opens the carpet and cut floorboard to find an open area lined with silver padding, with nothing inside of it. A day or two later, Jake comes home from school through the back door as usual and bumps into a sinister man in the house telling him he's waiting for Sam and that he went out to get some beers. Jake asks the man if he's a friend of Sam's and the man sneers back asking Jake if he is. Jake leaves the house. Wendy and Sam are back with KFC being served for dinner. Sam is watching TV and Jake approaches him in a passive-aggressive way telling Sam he met a friend of his that is an "interesting guy". Jake refuses to elaborate to Sam that remark, but tells Sam the man asked Jake if he was his friend and that he said nothing back. Sam is infuriated at Jake's impudence and tells him to shove it. A fight breaks out and Jake leaves the room. Jake is in bed that night overhearing a garbled conversation with Sam slapping Wendy calling her a bitch. Wendy is out in the backyard planting a flower garden the next day and Jake tells her he shouldn't hit her and that what he's doing is not okay, but Wendy says he's really trying. Of course Jake does not fall for this because he already found drugs in her bedroom. Jake tells her he is a deadbeat, loser, and bullshitter. Jake is in his bedroom lifting a barbell. Sam enters and retrieves the barbell as if it weighs no more than a bag of sugar. He apologizes to Jake for losing his temper and hitting his mother and assures him he's under a lot of pressure, never had a family before, and wants to make the restaurant thing work. Jake sits on the weight bench confidently giving Sam a blank look while he lectures Jake, knowing that this man is all talk because of the drugs he found. Before he leaves, Jake tersely tells Sam to knock next time he wants to come into his room and in return Sam menacingly tells Jake that next time he wants to judge him to not go crying to his mother, but to have the balls to say it to his face. Wendy and Sam are having a party in their living room with The Band's "The Night They Drove Dixie Down" playing. Jake comes out of his bedroom to see Sam doing a line of cocaine on the pinball machine. Sam sees Jake watching him, but seems indifferent to having been caught. The next morning, Jake and Brian go into the messy living room to find Wendy and Sam passed out on the couch. Jake's personal problems at home are escalating and causing him to act out at school. His friends are playing hacky sack during recess and one of them accidentally kicks it into Jake with Jake pushing the kid and almost hitting him. Jake goes home from school to find his mother in her bedroom a disheveled mess because she has to go to Brian's school to meet with the principal because he got into a fight with another kid. Jake tells her he will go instead. He tells the principal that their mom is sick and he doesn't know what will happen and assures her it won't happen anymore. Jake and Brian come into the house. Sam screams at Brian how he's hurting his mother. Brian dismisses him and runs to his room saying "eat shit dickface" to Sam, then locking himself in his room. Sam is infuriated and takes off his belt. Jake tries to stop Sam, who pulls him away and about to punch him in the face. Jake tells him to never touch he or his brother again. Sam leaves that night. Jake comes home from school with his mother sitting at the table doing bills. His father calls up to talk to him and that he wants the boys to visit him in London for the summer. Jake is troubled and probably thinking to himself he won't be alive to see the summer. Jake and Brian meet at a pizza parlor discussing possible plans to leave. Jake comes back to the house with a candlelight dinner and linguini and cookies his mother made. He declares to her she's a coke addict, but she denies it and he tells her how the whole home is falling apart and that he wants Sam out of the house. She refuses to comply with his wishes. Feeling more tense than ever and with his problems at home escalated at an all time high, Jake goes into his history class with Mr. Rader giving back the results of their book reports. Jake received an F on his for plagiarism. He has an outburst with the teacher screaming at him for the way he mistreats the kids and competes with them. He storms out of the classroom and letting off steam riding his dirtbike all over the neighborhood. Just as he is approaching his house, he sees Wendy and Sam in the driveway about to leave in the Blazer. After they leave, Jake goes into the house and discovers a stash of cocaine in the floorboard Jake previously examined. Hoping this will be an opportunity to get rid of Sam, he takes the cocaine and hides it in the chimney of the constructed home he and Lisa made out at. That night at the house, Wendy and Sam are in good spirits, probably on a drug-fueled high with the four of them having take-out Chinese food. Sam assures them that the differences need to stop, and his plans are coming together. Jake pretends to agree with Sam and assures Brian to do the same. Afterwards a doorbell rings and two creepy looking men enter. A minute later they leave disappointed one of them stating "he never had it". Sam calls Wendy into the bedroom. The two of them are screaming and worried to death. Jake tells Brian to leave the house. Sam comes into Jake's bedroom asking him if he knows what he is looking for. Jake tells Sam he does and to leave the house unless he wants him to call the police. Sam is furious, grabs Jake and tells him his mother put up 10,000 for the drugs and she's as involved as he is. Jake refuses to comply and tell him where the stash is and runs away. In a popular 80's cliche'd chase scene, a rock soundtrack ensues with Sam in a furious, drug-fueled frenzy relentlessly chasing Jake all over the town, including tearing down a chain link fence and Jake hitting his dirt bike with another car. Then Jake makes it by foot back to his house. Jake comes into the house and secures all the doors and windows. He's about to call the police, but finds the phone dead. Sam breaks a window to enter the house, grabs Jake, pounds his head on the floor telling him he will hurt his mother if he doesn't comply and tell him where the stash is. Jake agrees. The two of them go to the house where Jake hid the stash. Jake retrieves it. Back on the way home, Sam is now totally calm, but in a sinister way telling him they need to be family and work together no matter what happens, reassuring him of no pain or gain. Jake is beyond saddened and crushed knowing that he has lost the ability to protect his family and that he and his brother now have to live in this nightmare, but Sam is oblivious to his hurt. Back at the house, Wendy has finally come to her senses and packed Sam's bags telling him to get out of the house. She tells him she is fed up with his abuse and does not want him around her boys. Sam refuses, she stands her ground, and he slaps her. Jake hits Sam for it and Sam is mercilessly beating Jake up and Brian comes to Sam hitting him on the back with a baseball bat. Sam is about to beat Jake to death with the bat, but in a popular climactic cliché, Jake kicks him in the crotch with Sam falling over. He leaves and the three are a family again.
tt0085159
Horror
After exposing a pair of con artists with his partner Melanie (Candy Clark) in the infamous 112 Ocean Avenue house in Amityville, Long Island, New York, recently divorced Reveal magazine employee John Baxter (Tony Roberts) purchases the haunted house after being persuaded to by real estate agent Clifford Sanders (John Harkins). While preparing the house for John, Clifford goes into it alone and, hearing footsteps in the attic, goes upstairs to investigate and is locked in the room, where he is swarmed by flies and is found dead of a presumed heart attack or stroke by John. Thinking nothing of Clifford's death, even after Melanie shows him some photos she took of the real estate agent before his death which depict him as a rotting corpse, John moves into the house and lives there, adamant that the house is normal and telling Melanie to later meet him there. While John works (and experiences elevator trouble presumably caused by the house from afar) Melanie goes to the house and makes her way inside, eventually finding the maid and is spooked; the maid leaves shortly afterward. Left alone, Melanie goes down into the basement to check the fuse box when she feels a strange breeze; frightened, she heads back upstairs when the door to the basement flies open on its own and blasts her with an Arctic gale. She is found later that night by John, cowering and hysterical against the wall. Her attempts to convince John that something is inside the house falls on deaf ears. Later, while looking over blowups of the photos of Clifford, Melanie discovers a demonic-looking face in the pictures and rushes to reach John, but crashes her car and dies when the photographs burst into flames and burn her to a charred skeleton, the car going up in flames shortly afterward. Melanie's death is ruled accidental by everyone, including John, who remains oblivious to the evil in his home. While John is away one day his daughter Susan (Lori Loughlin) and her friend Lisa (Meg Ryan) (who is obsessed with the history of the house, claiming it was built on an Indian burial ground) take some boys to the house and use a Ouija board in the attic, but stop the game when the board tells them Susan is in danger before the glass they were using smashes itself against the wall. Susan's friends assume she was playing a prank. Growing bored, Susan and the others go out in John's motorboat while Susan's mother Nancy (Tess Harper) searches the house for her daughter, who walks in the door drenched moments later. After Nancy calls out at her, Susan turns and smiles at her, then ignores Nancy and makes her way upstairs, locking herself in her room. Outside John arrives with groceries and, seeing a commotion on the docks, goes to see what is wrong and finds Susan's lifeless body being tended to, her friends telling him she fell out of the boat. When Nancy arrives at the scene John tells her what happened, causing Nancy to go into hysterics and tell him she saw Susan in the house moments ago before rushing back inside, convinced Susan is either still there or will be shortly, refusing to leave, even for Susan's funeral. After having nightmares about the old well in the basement (a supposed gateway to Hell) John, unable to deal with Nancy's delusions that Susan is still alive, consults his friend Doctor Elliot West (Robert Joy) about what he should do. West suggests that John allow him and a team of paranormal investigators to set up in the house, to help prove if Nancy actually saw something or not, which John agrees to. As Elliot, John and the team wait, Nancy sits by Susan's bed and is soon confronted by a spectral being speaking in Susan's voice, which goads her into following it into the basement, where the old well has filled with liquid. Following Nancy and the being, John and Elliot begin trying to goad whatever is in the well to reveal itself and let Susan (who they believe can come back) go. While near the well Elliot is burned and dragged into the depths by a demon and Susan's specter disappears as John and Nancy flee upstairs, telling Elliot's team to run. As the house quakes and starts coming apart, freezing on the inside, most of Elliot's team is killed by flying and exploding objects while John and Nancy and several others escape out a window just before the house blows up. While the remaining paranormal investigators flee, John and Nancy watch as the rubble of the house burns to the ground and the old well bubbles ominously. A fly is later seen emerging from it and disappears.
tt0107413
Comedy,Family
Michael Chapman was a star before, his Life with Mikey TV was famous but as his age grew, people began to lose interest on Michael Chapman and that TV. Michael decided to resign and become a kid star. He began to request kids to perform to find a kid to develop that kid. But the kids are very disappointed. Until one day, Michael went out and got his wallet stolen by a 9yr girl Angie Vega (Vidal) and Michael found Angie's talents. Michael decided to bring her to his own boss to interview, Angie successfully got the job and Michael got mad in lift...but angie also steals that makes michael getting headache... Angie was caught one day due to stealing in a dept store. How would michael improve Angie from stealing... (This movie has Nathan Lane, Michael's young sister Kelli Fox, Christina Vidal.)
tt0084370
Comedy,Drama
Benjy Stone (Mark Linn-Baker) is the junior writer on a top-rated variety/comedy live television show, in the mid 1950's. Young Benjy has a crush on a coworker, K.C. Downing (Jessica Harper), but rather than asking her for a date, he routinely tries to get her to sleep with him. Alan Swann (Peter O'Toole), aging movie idol, former star of swashbucklers, a womanizer and an alcoholic, is to be this week's guest star. When he arrives drunk, the show's headliner, King Kaiser (Joseph Bologna), wants to cancel Swann's appearance. Benjy makes a pitch to save his childhood hero, and is assigned to babysit Swann to ensure he stays out of trouble and shows up for the broadcast. In the meantime, a local union boss who is parodied on the show in a recurring sketch threatens Kaiser to make him stop. Kaiser refuses. Installed in a fancy hotel suite, Swann explains to Benjy that he is working to pay off his tax bills. That evening, they head out to a fancy restaurant. While Benjy provides a distraction, Swann charms a beautiful woman away from her boring husband. Pictures of the two (wearing only a blanket) after their arrest in the park are splashed on the front pages the next day, and Benjy is under fire for the incident. A cooperative Swann accompanies Benjy to his Jewish mother's (Lainie Kazan) Brooklyn home for a meal, where he charms the entire family. At the network, Swann gives Benjy advice on wooing K.C., and their subsequent date works out nicely. Swann exposes his insecure side when he has the chauffeur drive him a state away to the neighborhood where his only child, a daughter, lives, but does not get out of the car nor speak to her. At the dress rehearsal for the Three Musketeers sketch, the sober Swann is horrified to learn that the show will be broadcast live rather than filmed. He shouts, "I am not an actor, I'm a movie star!", grabs a bottle, and starts drinking. A disgusted Benjy reads him the riot act. As the live broadcast begins, the union boss's thugs emerge from the backstage and attack King Kaiser in his gangster suit. Observing from the balcony, a drunken Swann realizes what is happening, grabs a dangling rope, and swoops onto the stage as he had done in so many movies. He helps King Kaiser defeat the bad guys in real life. As the two take their bows, Swann grandly waves his sword to the madly applauding audience. Benjy says that's the way he likes to remember Swann, and states that Swann went to see his daughter the next day and actually talked to her. (with John Vogel and garykmcd)
tt0094884
Drama
When moderately successful Daryl (Micheal Keaton) wakes from a cocaine/drinking evening to find last night's date a little too passed out, he bundles her up and dumps her at a hospital and drives away. Then we find that he also has bad financial troubles. One wretching scene when he calls his parents very late at night asking for his inheritence now when it will do him some good is very well done. He needs to return stolen money at work before they find out what he's done, plus he needs more cocaine. When he finds the young lady he dumped at the hospital died he commences to find a way to avoid going to jail. He decides to check himself into a chemical dependency program, that way maybe the police won't find him, and if his employers do find him they'll realize he has found the error of his ways and is trying to rectify himself. Though once in rehab he runs head long into Craig (Morgan Freeman) who knows Daryl better than he knows himself. Craig is not at all sympathetic to anything Daryl is feeling or fearing. He knows because he's been there, but Daryl still tries to defy rules that just don't apply to him, he's different, not like those other junkies. He is made to comply or get out, which would mean to jail from both his employer and the death of the girl. Once finally in and part of, Daryl begins to see his part in much of the troubles in his life. He also notices fellow inmate Charlie (Kathy Baker) which is a distraction he does not need right now. Fixating on her gives him a pal to do all this work that needs to be done with, except, Charlie is married. Again I say, the writer has either been there or has really, really watched "there," because the behaviors are true. The lying, the promises, the rationalization, and the pain that takes place in these situations. As usual, it won't get the praise it deserves because for many it hits too close to home. They'll watch it happen to stars in the tabloids but it's happening in our own neighborhoods and schools. Open your eyes people!
tt0086325
Comedy,Crime
As is the case with the two preceding 'Smokey and the Bandit' films, Smokey and the Bandit Part 3 begins with Big Enos (Pat McCormick) and Little Enos (Paul Williams) offering a sizeable wager on one's ability to transport a shipment a large distance in a short period of time. Offering a slight twist, however, the offer is this time made to a retiring Sheriff Buford T. Justice (Jackie Gleason), betting $250,000 against his badge on his ability to transport a large stuffed fish from an eatery in Florida to Texas. Unlike the two earlier films, Big and Little Enos this time seem to be quite active in their desire to see Buford fail in his goal. After Buford dodges their many traps (especially after he destroyed their milk truck, which drenched them and disabled their engine), they then go so far as to actually attempt to hire the Bandit (as a distraction) to stop him. Deciding that the Bandit is too egotistical and hard to manage, they hire Cledus "Snowman" Snow (Jerry Reed) as his replacement. Accepting the offer, Cledus parks his Peterbilt 359 and climbs behind the wheel of a black and gold 1983 Pontiac Trans Am. He later picks up Dusty (Colleen Camp), who quits her job as a "bookkeeper" for a used car dealership, but not before attempting to wreck her boss' business (a seedy used car dealership) by badmouthing him in the middle of broadcasting a live TV commercial. The scene of Cledus picking up Dusty in the middle of the road is almost an exact repeat of how Bo picked up Frog in the 1977 film. Cledus manages to catch up with Buford on an interstate, where he then lassoes Buford's fish off of the Justices' police cruiser; Buford needs the fish to retrieve his $250,000. Buford then begins a hot pursuit of Cledus, with another local officer who attempts to take charge of the situation. Not long after the local officer is disabled, Buford becomes disabled as well when sand is dumped on his squad car. The pursuit quickly resumes as Buford catches up to the duo after Cledus and Dusty stop at a redneck bar to pick up some food. The chase resumes as they enter a local town, where mass chaos comes with their entry. Cledus escapes when an 18 wheeler blocks the alleyway where Cletus run through. While trying to get the truck out, Buford's car is hitched to a tow-truck. After unsuccessfully pleading with the traffic officer to release his car, he sends his son Junior (Mike Henry) out to unhook it. Unable to wait, he angrily reverses the car and escapes. The tow truck operator chases him in pursuit, with Junior dangling on the hook, spinning freely. Eventually, Buford manages to make the truck flip over, sending the truck and Junior flying. A number of cars continue to crash into the pile-up. The next scene comes sudden as the Bandit and Justice are in the Mississippi fairgrounds. Buford continues to pursue on two wheels after driving on an incline with Cledus letting the fame get to his head. Cledus and Dusty decide to stop at a hotel for the night, which contains people who are involved in "sexual" acts, several of which are quite deviant. Buford finds the Bandit's Trans Am and decides to make a search of the building to find the fish, which he eventually does. While searching in the steamroom, Buford handcuffs himself to a muscular nymphomaniac female who will not take no for an answer. The next final scenes show Buford getting his tires blown by the "Enos Devil Darts." Cledus quickly arrives and retakes the fish. Cledus and Justice then start a final pursuit with Buford on two tires, first through a bunch of cattle, then to boats, then finally through a field where the Enoses set off a series of explosives, one of which destroys all of the bodywork, leaving the engine, seats, and police light bar (being held by Junior above his head). Cledus decides to surrender the fish to let Buford win. Just after cashing in on the $250,000, Buford finds Cledus and begins to apprehend him, but Buford then imagines Cledus to be the "Real" Bandit (in a cameo appearance by Burt Reynolds) who sweet talks him to letting him go and starting a new pursuit. Similar to the ending of the 1977 movie, Buford is again chasing the Bandit in the hulk of his police cruiser (the muscular female has taken Junior's place riding shotgun this time), while Junior chases after "Daddy" for miles on end, dropping the reward money as he goes.
tt0091276
Horror,Sci-Fi
George Gardner (Timothy Bottoms) encourages his 12-year-old son David's (Hunter Carson) dreams of becoming an astronaut by stargazing with him. A thunderstorm wakes David, and he observes a strange alien spaceship landing on Copper Hill, just beyond the house. His father agrees to investigate, but returns a changed man. In the morning, David Gardner notices his father wearing only one slipper. His normally sunny disposition is somber and his personality is flat. David also notices a wound on the back of his father's neck in the shape of a letter 'X'. In the kitchen, George Gardner dumps sugar cubes into his coffee, and the coffee dribbles down his chin as he drinks. David is frightened by his father's change in behavior. At night, when he confesses his suspicions to his mother, Helen Gardner (Laraine Newman), she assures him that George is fine. Later, however, Helen calls police after she realizes George is missing. When the police chief (Jimmy Hunt) and Officer Kenney (Kenneth Kimmins) agree to investigate Copper Hill, George suddenly appears. The officers return to the house with altered personalities, but only David notices the difference. He wakes up in the middle of the night, and observes as his parents disappear over the ridge. In the morning, Helen is transformed. She offers David a plate piled with burnt bacon, and wants to take him to see the special place on Copper Hill. When David sees his mother eat a chunk of raw hamburger smothered in salt, he declines to go. At school, David overhears his schoolteacher, Mrs. McKeltch (Louise Fletcher), tell the police chief about a plan that involves George Gardner. David sneaks into Mrs. McKeltch's office and catches her eating a live frog. Mrs. McKeltch chases David, claiming he knocked over a female student. Nurse Linda Magnusson (Karen Black) rescues David and questions him in her office. She has no neck wound, so David gives his account of the unidentified flying object (UFO) at Copper Hill that robs people of their personalities. When Linda confronts Mrs. McKeltch, the teacher refuses to let the nurse examine the "boil" on her neck. Linda also notices a bandage on the neck of a student named Heather (Virginia Keehne). Linda fears for David's safety and suggests he hide at her house. However, David evades Mrs. McKeltch and Heather as they search for him in the parking lot, and becomes trapped when he hides in the teacher's van. She drives to a cave, and David follows her inside. After walking through a series of tunnels, Mrs. McKeltch encounters a round alien creature, a face and brain uttering sounds. As it speaks, light flashes from the device planted in Mrs. McKeltch's neck. The aliens realize David is in their midst, and Mrs. McKeltch vows to "get him" before he escapes. Soon, Linda Magnusson finds David on the run, and he shows her the alien cave. When he gets to the location, however, the cave has disappeared. He insists they go to Copper Hill, but the spaceship is also gone. In the distance, they hear George Gardner send two men with metal detectors into the sandpit at Copper Hill. David and Linda watch as a circular opening in the earth swallows the men. Linda and David drive away and narrowly miss hitting a school bus driven by Mrs. McKeltch. When Linda stops at a gas station to call state police, Mrs. McKeltch kidnaps David and drags him toward the school bus, but he breaks free. Linda hears the disturbance, and David gets into her car. They arrive at her office to find the telephone inoperable. The chief and Officer Kenney search the building while David leads Linda to the basement furnace room. They knock over some equipment, alerting their pursuers. However, an alien spaceship emerges through the floor, causing the officers to lose their footing, and enabling David and Linda to escape. David wants to find his parents before leaving town, but Linda insists they get help. David and Linda meet with General Wilson (James Karen), commander of the military base that employs David's father. The general attempts to verify their story by questioning the men with metal detectors, but the interrogation is halted when an invisible force kills the prisoners. The neck devices emit sparks of light as they appear to unscrew from the necks of the corpses. The general orders the base perimeter sealed, and summons officials from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). NASA and Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) scientists meet with the general and insist that their launch to Mars go as scheduled. For security purposes, the general calls for a temporary delay until they can determine the risks. Meanwhile, George Gardner plants a bomb inside a truck bound for the launch pad. A monitor in the general's office indicates that the bomb has successfully destroyed the Mars rocket. It is here that General Wilson finally believes David's claim about aliens and speculates that the aliens are from the nearby planet Mars and when they observed the SETI rocket under construction and bound for Mars, the aliens misinterpreted it as an attack on their planet and so they decided to strike first by landing on Earth to destroy the rocket before it could be launched. General Wilson asks David to show him the sandpit at Copper Hill, and orders his soldiers to surround the area, but Sargent Rinaldi (Eric Pierpoint), the general's aide, loses his footing and the sandpit swallows him. Two aliens stand near the cave, eyeing advancing soldiers and Dr. Mark Weinstein (Bud Court), a member of SETI. Weinstein wants to converse with the aliens before the military launches an attack. He returns an alien mechanical part, believing the aliens understand him. Nevertheless, the scientist is vaporized by the alien's ray gun, and the soldiers kill the aliens. David runs into the sandpit hoping to locate his parents, and Linda follows. Both are swallowed up, and the general sends soldiers after them. They lay down explosives and rappel into the hole left by the explosion. Inside a lab at the alien spaceship, David observes as a device is implanted in Sgt. Rinaldi's neck to control humans. Mrs. McKeltch orders other aliens to capture David and Linda. David pleads with the Martian Supreme Being to release his parents, arguing that mind control is wrong, and predicting the aliens' failure in conquering Earth. The head Martian comments that David is "a poor little guy," and the boy punches him in the nose. As he runs away, David knocks over Mrs. McKeltch, who falls into the gaping mouth of an alien and is eaten alive. In the tunnel, realizing Sgt. Rinaldi is under the control of the Martians, the general orders his men to shoot him dead. David leads the soldiers back to the spaceship to destroy the Martian Supreme Being and save Linda from receiving an implant. Many soldiers are vaporized, but American firepower causes the Martian Supreme Being to retreat into a protective eye-shaped shell. As Linda is saved, soldiers plant explosives, and the general orders a five-minute delay to escape before detonation. Upon discovering that the escape route is blocked, David sacrifices a mint copper penny his father gave him to activate an alien weapon that is left behind since the metal copper is the source of the alien's technology. Meanwhile, the wounded Martian Supreme Being orders the aliens to prepare the ship for takeoff. The soldiers escape through the new opening, but David hears his parents calling. He refuses their entreaties to join them on the spaceship, and while he struggles against them near the ridge, the spaceship explodes in the sky. The implants in his parent's necks are apparently deactivated, but the aerial fireball begins to overtake and consume both David and his parents.... Suddenly, David awakens in his bedroom. His parents comfort him, and he is relieved to find nothing implanted in his father's neck. The entire Martian invasion and battle was apparently nothing more than David's nightmare. His mother tucks him into bed and reminds him that dreams are not real and tells him goodnight. But sometime later, a thunderstorm snaps him awake. When he opens his window, David sees the exact same Martian UFO spaceship landing on Copper Hill. He runs to his parents' room in a panic. David's nightmare is starting again.... or is it?
tt0086011
Drama,Romance
Outspoken and overconfident Rick Monroe (Christopher Atkins) is a jock and a popular guy in college in Titusville, Florida. At the end of his final report for his class, Rick cracks a joke and his prim and proper speech professor, Faye Hanlon (Lesley Ann Warren), is not amused. After chiding him for his joke, she decides to fail him and make him take the course over again. Faye is going through a slump in her marriage to Whitney Hanlon (Robert Logan), a rocket scientist who has just been laid off from NASA. Visiting from Chicago, Faye's free-spirited sister Patsy (Deborah Rush) takes her to a strip club to cheer her up. The show features a performer called "Ricky the Rocket", who is none other than Faye's student Rick. When he notices Faye in the crowd, he gives her a very special lap dance, kissing her in the process. The next day, Faye and Rick run into each other at a school function. Initially, Rick is interested only in convincing Faye to allow him another chance at his final and is rebuffed. He realizes that she is attractive and begins flirting. Faye arranges to meet Patsy near the hotel, only to discover that she has been deceived into seeing another performance by "Ricky the Rocket". Since Patsy has to return home a day early, she turns over use of her hotel room to Faye, who calls Whitney and lies that she and Patsy are staying at Patsy's hotel room together. Coincidentally, Rick's mother works in the same hotel, and while visiting his mother, Rick runs into Faye again; they return to Faye's room and make love. Faye must leave and in her absence, Rick invites his girlfriend Slick to the room where she makes love with him as well. Humiliated, Faye catches them in the shower and flees; she realizes that she has been deceived. Returning home from an unsuccessful job interview, Whitney discovers that Patsy has gone home. Whitney travels to the hotel, where he catches Rick at the latter is exiting. He kidnaps Rick at gunpoint, takes Rick to a boat at a small dock, and forces him to strip. Sobbing, Rick complies. Whitney threatens Rick repeatedly, but ultimately only shoots holes in the boat, leaving Rick naked and aboard as it sinks. Faye returns home and finds Whitney waiting for her; she apologizes and he forgives her. In the end, they talk about their problems and resolves them.
tt0089643
Comedy,Drama,Romance
After driving through the night in their pickup truck holding their life's belongings, divorced mother Emma Moriarty (Sally Field) and her son Jake (Corey Haim) arrive at their new home in Eunice, AZ. The property is a run-down ranch fixer-upper, so they resignedly set to work cleaning and repairing. Emma has grown up working hard and is handy with hardware, and they work well together to get the place in shape. She goes into town to install flyers under car windshields to advertise her services as a horse boarder and trainer. When she comes to the corner drug store on the main road, she stops to admire the beautiful vintage car parked there before starting to add her flyer; she is interrupted by the store and car owner, a widower named Murphy Jones (James Garner), who says her paper will cover the stickers championing his various causes. She asks if she can display it in the store window. After reading the sheet, he agrees. She sits at the old-fashioned soda fountain to learn about her new neighborhood. She tells Murphy she has moved there from Modesto, CA, this time; he tells her the town is progressive enough to have a cross-dresser, but she should go elsewhere to raise public consciousness. Jake starts at his new school (he notes that they have no computers), and Emma spends a lot of time alone waiting for business to perk up (or actually start), and she keeps Jake up late playing rounds of cards. One evening they go to town together and spot Murphy playing fiddle at the weekly dance. He stops to talk to them during a break and tells them he shares the stage with other local town officials. The available women outnumber him, so he is a busy widower. He has an ongoing feud with the town over parking his classic car in front of the store and not feeding the parking meter. Vandals have been a problem, so he wants to keep the car close where he can watch it. While Emma is in the town hall to get a license for her business, she overhears him while he pays his fines (he has 22 outstanding tickets at $10 per day to pay off to avoid getting arrested). When Emma says one can't fight city hall, Murphy replies that one can wrestle them. He proposes that the town plant a tree, which he will pay for, in place of the meter, and the officials give in; soon the public works department removes the meter and installs Murphy's tree. Things become tough for Emma, as the bank can't provide her a loan while she has no collateral (though she argues she is her own collateral) and is paying off the truck. She stops by Murphy's pharmacy to see if she can get a loan. He shows her that he is carrying several townspeople on his books to help keep them on their feet, and since he hardly knows her she would be at the bottom of the list. Back at home she tells Jake they have to be frugal as money is running out. The boy goes into town to find a job, and Murphy offers him a dishwasher job after school, then takes him for a ride in the 1927 car, which he has maintained showroom new. On the way he picks up the town's oldest resident, Amos Abbott (Charles Lane), who is walking down the side of the road. He tells them he has found love at age 89 with an elderly widow. The cantankerous senior asks Murphy to let him off before getting to his destination, however, as he complains that Murphy drives too fast at the car's top speed of 30 mph. Emma finds Murphy one day at a horse auction. She has already strolled the grounds and checked out some of the animals up for bid. She sits with him and points out the problems with each horse that comes up on the block, until a healthy one appears for Murphy to bid on; he ultimately buys the horse and boards it at Emma's, where he comes and watches her train it, and he starts to admire her character. On the way home one afternoon, Emma is tailgated by a rambunctious young driver who causes her to swerve off the road and hit her head. He stops to check on her, but she faints when he says he has no insurance. Murphy visits her in the hospital where she is crying at the thought of the expenses of staying there. He has some good news for her: he put the word out and some folks from town have put up their horses at her place. She breaks down and sobs that she worries she is raising her son all wrong, then blurts out that she is 33 years old and living like a nun. He cajoles her into taking a walk down the hospital hallway with him while he addresses her concerns; he has observed that her son is a fine young man, and to avoid living like a nun she should say yes next time she is asked. Before leaving he wryly notes that her hospital gown was open in the back the whole time they were talking. Emma finally gets home to find a new problem waiting on her porch: her ex-husband Bobby Jack (Brian Kerwin) has found her and claims he has changed his spots and is a reformed man. Emma worries about his past habits, including spending money they didn't have (but helping himself to hers), but he is out of work and she can't bring herself to put him out, so they settle into an awkward routine. Of the three, Jake is happiest, enjoying having his dad back in his life. Murphy meets Bobby Jack in the stable, and they civilly maintain an aloof tolerance. Emma sets her ex to work with her on taking care of the horses. When the house's only toilet stops up (due to a flushed cigar butt), Murphy comes to the rescue as Bobby Jack is inept at plumbing. Making small talk, Murphy notes that he can also sew as he was an only child and his mother was a widow who taught him how to follow a pattern. He ignores Bobby Jack's comments on that information. Emma invites Murphy to stay for dinner, and soon it becomes a ritual, with Murphy spending more evenings at the house. During a game of cards, Murphy excuses himself and Bobby Jack. On the porch Murphy calls him out for dealing off the bottom of the deck when they're only playing using matchsticks for money. He warns not to do it again, especially in front of Jake. When Bobby wonders what they'll tell Emma and Jake about why they stepped out, Murphy replies, "Tell them we had a pissing contest and you won." Low on funds, Bobby Jack helps himself to Emma's wallet while she is sleeping, and the next day uses the money to buy Jake a hat to impress his son. Murphy is in the shop, buying his signature shirt (which the clerk says keeps him out of fashion, but Murphy likes the style), and he stops to say hello. The four of them then go together to the movies and catch the latest slasher movie installment. Murphy is the first to bow out of the gory movie, and Jake soon joins him outside. Jake tells Murphy he saw his dad cheating at cards, and Murphy tells the boy it was probably a good thing that he noticed, and he can decide whether or not to take after Bobby Jack. Emma is next to arrive, repulsed at the "human hamburger" onscreen, when she notices some activity nearby; Murphy says there is a weekly bingo game and they join in. In the ladies' restroom between games, a local woman tells Emma that Murphy's wife died suddenly, never having been sick a day in her life. Murphy was an emotional wreck and reclusive for years afterward. At the next round of bingo, Emma wins the biggest jackpot of the night: $200. Bobby Jack uses the bingo funds behind Emma's back to buy beer for a big party to which he invites the entire town. Murphy and Emma wind up doing dish duty while the others have fun. Emma asks Murphy how old he is and Murphy creatively dodges the question. When he takes out a load of trash and runs into Bobby Jack, who accuses him of "banging" Emma, Murphy won't be baited into an argument. Some time later, at a benefit dance, Emma finds herself with both men trying to usurp her time on the dance floor, cutting in on each other before either can get a dance with her; she finally stops, joins their hands and tells them to dance with each other as she has had enough, and they gamely dance their way off the floor to the other folks' amusement. One evening Emma invites Murphy to dinner, but he doesn't seem interested, so finally she confesses that Jake wanted to see him; when he enters the house he finds they have arranged a surprise birthday party for him. He thanks them for tolerating him in his darker moments, grateful for their support. Emma takes him aside and asks him how many candles they need on the birthday cake, and he tells her to set thing on fire. While Emma and Bobby Jack are putting hay in a stall, he makes a move to kiss her, but suddenly she is overcome with sneezing and ruins the mood. She realizes that it's time to make up her mind; she picks up Jake from school and tells him that she will be putting his dad out because they can't continue to live together as if they are still married. She apologizes to him for the realities he has had to face, but he asks to be dropped off and wants to walk home the rest of the way. When Emma gets home, a strange truck is parked there, and in the house is a young woman named Wanda (Anna Levine) with twin baby boys Linus and Larry; they're Bobby Jack's children. Emma tells her to consider learning typing or a skill in case she needs it, but Wanda just wants to stay home with the children. When Jake arrives home, she sits the twins in his lap and introduces her son to his new brothers. Emma talks to Bobby Jack on the porch and tells him that he has to start being responsible. Though he balks at first, he realizes he has used up his time as a free spirit and leaves for good with Wanda and the kids. Confused and lost, Emma goes into town to talk to Murphy; he tells her that Bobby Jack stopped in for baby supplies on the way out of town. She asks him what she should do, and he sets her straight; he is not her advisor, as there are professionals in town for that. Then he kisses her passionately, says that if she doesn't know how things are, she might not be as smart as he thought she was, puts her out the door and turns the "closed" sign up. Driving home in the truck, she thinks things over. At home Murphy has finished his ride and stabled his horse. After he and Emma make some awkward small talk, he tells her to change her tack, but Emma admits she doesn't know what tack to take. Murphy tells her that he may be worn, but sturdy and faithful, and he is in love for the last time in his life. She replies that she is in love for the first time in her life and asks him to stay for supper, but he replies that he will only do so if he is still there for breakfast, so she says, "How do you like your eggs?" As they go into the house together, he tells her his age. He is sixty.
tt0094082
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Set in Washington DC, Suspect centers on three disparate characters. Carl Wayne Anderson is a homeless, deaf-mute Vietnam veteran accused of murdering Elizabeth Quinn, a file clerk at the Justice Department. Kathleen Riley is the beleaguered Federal Public Defender assigned to represent Anderson. An agribusiness lobbyist who normally works on Capitol Hill, Eddie Sanger, is made a member of the jury and begins investigating the details of the murder himself, eventually teaming up with Riley to solve the case. We see some early scenes of Sanger's work as a lobbyist on Capitol Hill, including his efforts to win passage of a bill by seducing a Congresswoman. While not relevant to the movie's plot, these scenes are establishing shots giving us a sense for Sanger as a charming, though somewhat ruthless, person. The movie begins around Christmas with the suicide of a United States Supreme Court Justice, for which no explanation or context is given. We only see the Justice making a tape recording and then shooting himself. Shortly after the Justice's suicide, Elizabeth Quinn's body is found floating in the Potomac river, and Carl Wayne Anderson is arrested for the crime, based almost entirely on the fact that he was found sleeping in Quinn's car, which was abandoned in the parking lot where she worked (and was mostly deserted at night). Anderson explains that he found it unlocked and was just looking for a warm place to sleep since it was the dead of winter. But since he was homeless, had no alibi, and was found in Quinn's car, he was arrested for her murder. The establishing scenes show Riley trying to communicate with Anderson and realizing that he is a deaf-mute. Over time, she begins to penetrate his hard exterior and he tries to cooperate with her efforts to mount a defense for him. In the District of Columbia, all crimes are tried in the federal courts, so a murder trial that would normally be in state court was in federal court instead. Riley selects Sanger to be a member of her jury. Soon thereafter, it becomes clear that Sanger is intent on helping Riley with her investigation and defense of Anderson. As the investigation by Riley and Sanger intensifies, they begin focusing on Deputy Attorney General Paul Gray. Figuring that a key found on Elizabeth Quinn's body has something to do with the Justice Department (where Quinn worked), Riley and Sanger break into the file department at the Justice Department late one night and try to find what the key unlocks. They find that it unlocks a file cabinet, which contained trial transcripts from federal cases from 1968 that Quinn was in the process of transcribing. While the investigation goes on after hours, the movie shows scenes during the day from Anderson's murder trial. During the trial, we are introduced to the stern federal judge Matthew Helms (John Mahoney). Helms is rumored to be the President's nominee for a seat on the prestigious United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judge Helms begins to suspect that Riley may be collaborating with Sanger, which would be a disbarrable offense of jury tampering, although he does not have concrete proof. One key sequence in a law library (where Riley and Sanger continue looking for the elusive case from 1968 that may be the key to the murder) brings Helms, Riley and Sanger into close proximity. Riley and Sanger narrowly avoid being caught by Judge Helms. Eventually, Judge Helms sequesters the jury to avoid further contact between Riley and Sanger. Riley and Sanger continue tracking the federal court cases from 1968. Their theory is that Elizabeth Quinn stumbled onto something during her transcription of those cases. They look for any case that might have an impropriety. As is explained to the audience, fixing a case requires participation from both the prosecutor and the trial judge. Riley and Sanger think they will find evidence that Paul Gray was a prosecutor on a rigged 1968 case, which would be his motive to murder Elizabeth Quinn if she approached Gray about what she found. Eventually, Riley goes back to Quinn's car (still impounded where it was found in a government parking lot) and finds an audiotape that the police did not uncover in their half-hearted investigation. The tape is the one we saw the Supreme Court Justice making at the beginning of the movie. In it, he confesses to conspiring to fix a case in 1968 (with a politically influential defendant) in return for an appointment from the United States District Court to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Riley assumes the prosecutor on that case was Paul Gray and goes back to the courthouse to retrieve the case book that will confirm this. As she gets to the courthouse (now deserted at night), she is pursued and attacked by an unseen figure. With the help of Sanger (who managed to get away from being sequestered by creating a diversion with a fire alarm), Riley was able to slice the right wrist of her assailant, who then fled unseen. The following day takes place in court. Paul Gray shows up in the courtroom, to the surprise of Judge Helms. Riley then tells Judge Helms that she wants him to take the stand. Irate and perplexed, Helms says that Riley cannot make him testify as he is the presiding judge. Then, in a somewhat-rushed speech, Riley reveals that Judge Helms, not Paul Gray, was the prosecutor in the fixed case in 1968. The Supreme Court Justice was the presiding judge in that case. In exchange for fixing the case, he was promoted from the District Court to the Court of Appeals. Helms, who was the prosecutor on the fixed case, was appointed to the District Court. Judge Helms then waited 17 years (from 1969 to 1986) to be promoted again to the Court of Appeals. Just as he learned he was the President's nominee, Quinn inadvertently discovered the case fixing as she transcribed the cases from 1968. She approached the Supreme Court Justice, who responded by committing suicide. By contrast, when she approached Judge Helms, he murdered her. As Judge Helms angrily bangs his gavel during Riley's accusation, his right wrist begins to bleed from where Riley slashed him the night before, confirming his identity as the killer. The movie ends with Riley reinvigorated in her job and in a relationship with Sanger.
tt0084316
Action,Sci-Fi
Hunter: "Remember the name of the place?" Zara: "Lion's Head Hotel, London." The peace-loving Republic of Sardun is facing constant incursions from hostile neighbor Gamibia. Unwilling to retaliate and initiate war, high-ranking Sardunian military officials Major Zara and General Byrne-White arrange a rendezvous with MegaForce, a hi-tech and super-secret phantom army of top-shelf fighting men from all over the world, to ask for help in ending Gamibia's attacks. Ace Hunter, leader of MegaForce, is happy to take on the job as he has a past with Gamibian military leader Duke Guerrera, an old military academy friend who turned to evil. And he stole Ace's favorite lighter. Ace lays out a hopelessly complex plan to lure Duke's forces into a trap that will give Sardun the chance to wipe them out once and for all, which inspires Zara to try out for a spot in MegaForce. However, despite passing all the entry exams, Zara is ultimately denied entry into the team as she is still an outsider and hasn't yet established a mental bond with the rest of MegaForce, meaning her presence could put the operation in jeopardy. Resigning herself to this, Zara agrees to watch from afar as Ace and his awesomely-mulleted spandex-clad soldiers set the strike in motion. Despite successfully infiltrating Gamibia and causing mass destruction, MegaForce fails to lure Guerrera into their trap. Now the team must find a way out of Gamibia to avoid certain doom at the hands of Duke and his tanks, who are now authorized to destroy MegaForce by a government declaration of war. Duke knows that the only place MegaForce's escape planes could land is an old dry lake, and as such he plants his tanks right there to prevent the escape. Ace and his men refuse to give in, though, and soon it's all out war as MegaForce put their rockets, lasers, and machine guns to use against Duke and his tanks in an epic battle. Everyone makes it to the plane except for Hunter, who was temporarily incapacitated by an explosion. Undeterred and shockingly none the worse for wear, Ace defiantly runs right up to Duke to say goodbye and then takes to the skies on his flying motorcycle to catch up with the MegaForce plane. Triumphant (?), MegaForce head for home, and Ace prepares for a celebration with his new Sardunian friend Zara.
tt0076716
Action,Adventure,Family
Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger Prince Kassim (Damien Thomas) is transformed during his coronation as Caliph of the city and kingdom of Charak (1) into a baboon by his stepmother, the witch Queen Zenobia (Margaret Whiting), who wants the throne for her own son, Rafi (Kurt Christian). The Prince's sister, Princess Farah (Jane Seymour), seeks the help of her betrothed, Sinbad (Patrick Wayne), whilst Rafi, disguised as a merchant, tries to kill Sinbad and his crew (one, Aboo Seer (David Sterne) is poisoned) with the aid of three weapon-wielding ghouls (2) (created as stop-motion models, like most of the non-human cast, by Ray Harryhausen) brought from the depths of the earth by his mother's magic: Sinbad crushingly destroys these using falling logs. A discussion the following morning on Sinbads ship between the Princess, her uncle Balsora (Bruno Barnaby), Sinbad and his crew members Hassan (Nadim Sawalha) and Maroof (Salami Coker) discovers that the only possible saviour of Prince Kassim is the Greek sage Melanthius (Patrick Troughton), who lives on the rock-and-reef-ringed fog-bound island of Cascar (3). Zenobia however, having followed Balsora to confront him, learns of their plans. Sinbad and the Princess set sail for Cascar with the enchanted Prince, who astounds the crew by being able to write and play chess. Zenobia, fearing Melanthius may well be able to cure Kassim, decides to follow on a compact bronze boat with Rafi, rowed by their servant, the Minaton (4) (stand-in Peter Mayhew), a colossal bronze minotaur-automaton made by Rafi and animated by Zenobias magic. Balsora's guard on Zenobia, Zabid (Bernard Kay), is capsized and then skewered by the Minaton during their escape. On Cascar, after a brief encounter with rock-tossing inhabitants, Sinbad persuades Melanthius and his daughter Dione (Taryn Power) of the reality of Prince Kassim's condition, and to help: Melanthius reveals that the only cure will be to journey to the land of the former Arimaspi (5) at Hyperborea, a green valley in the polar regions maintained by the Arimaspi's powers, captured in the pyramidal Shrine of the Four Elements there to which he fortunately has the key, map and sailing directions. Speed is of the essence, as not only must Prince Kassim be crowned before seven moons have passed or renounce the Caliphate, but he will also gradually lose his remaining human abilities. However Kassim is befriended by Dione, who brings him fruit and practices writing with him. Zenobia, having been delayed by her boat being damaged when approaching Cascar, transforms herself by means of a magic potion into a seagull to fly to Sinbads ship, and there resumes her human form in miniature to spy out Melanthius plans. Spotted by Kassim, and caught by Melanthius, she learns of the trip to the lands of the Arimaspi, and is able to memorize the map, but when Melanthius uses some of the magic potion on a wasp (6), which grows to a giant size and attacks him, she is able to reclaim the potion vial, escape in seagull form, and return to her own boat. However there is now insufficient potion to effect the reverse transformation, and she retains a seagull's foot. The giant wasp is killed by Sinbad using a thrown dagger. Approaching the icebound polar regions, Sinbad passes by the ice-tunnel to the Arimaspi valley as being too small for his ship, and instead conducts his team on a journey by foot across the ice-pack (with Kassim in his cage on a sled), interrupted by a fight with a giant walrus, in which one crew member falls through the ice and another is stomped flat, to reach the outer part of the warm lands of Hyperborea, where they all relax. By this time Kassim has reverted almost wholly to animal nature, and only responds to Dione. Here the group encounters a giant Troglodyte, who shows them the way to the valley of the Arimaspi pyramid-shrine, and opens the valleys great gates for them. Meanwhile Zenobia, Rafi and the Minaton with their smaller boat have been able to take the ice-tunnel via a ruined temple directly to the shrine, where Zenobia forces an entrance using magic: however a falling stone block destroys the Minaton. Sinbad's party arrives at the now-failing shrine, where giant icicles crash down, and in a fight the baboon Kassim kills Rafi by rolling him down stairs to break his neck. Melanthius successfully restores Prince Kassim to human form by passing him in a gold cage through the fall of light from the Aurora Borealis, "the gift of the winter Apollo", within the shrine. However Zenobia vaporizes herself and possesses the body of a sabre-toothed tiger (smilodon), the guardian of the shrine, which mauls and kills the Troglodyte and Maroof before it is slain by Sinbad, firstly transfixing it with a gaff-spear originally used by the Minaton, and then using a scimitar for the coup de grace. The party escapes the collapsing shrine, which, with the whole of Hyperborea, now becomes covered in snow, and returns to Charak, where Kassim is duly installed as Caliph: he becomes enamoured of Dione, and gives his blessing to Sinbad and Princess Farah. The appearance of Zenobia's eyes at the end may mean all is not yet over Notes (1) This spelling is used on the original storyboard reproduced p185 in 'The Art of Ray Harryhausen', by Ray Harryhausen and Tony Dalton, 2006, Billboard Books, New York (2) Ibid. In the storyboard these are called 'nightmare figures' and 'zomboids' (and numbered as four, and illustrated as five, even though three eventually appear): Ray Harryhausen however refers to them consistently as 'ghouls' thereafter (3) Spelling uncertain: however, historically, 'Cascar' is the name given by Marco Polo to Kashgar, a city on the Silk Road (4) This spelling is that used by Ray Harryhausen: the original model is illustrated also p185 in 'The Art of Ray Harryhausen' (5) Historically, the Arimaspi were a legendary people of northern Scythia. The tales of their struggles with the gold-guarding griffins in the Hyperborean lands near the cave of Boreas, the North Wind, originate in a lost work by Aristeas. (6) That the insect is a wasp is confirmed by the survival of the original model: 'The Art of Ray Harryhausen' p 208
tt0068713
Horror,Sci-Fi
Professor Alexander Saxton (Christopher Lee) is an anthropologist returning home to Europe via the Trans-Siberian Railway. He brings with him a large crate containing the prize from his expedition to the Himilayas: the frozen remains of a primitive humanoid creature, which Saxton is sure is the missing link in the evolutionary chain. Also on board is Dr. Wells (Peter Cushing), another Englishman and a colleague of Saxton's. Mysterious deaths occur even before the train sets out. A known thief is found dead on the platform after having looked into the crate. His corpse is discovered bleeding from the eyes, which have turned blank and white. A slightly unbalanced monk named Pujardov (a Rasputin-esque figure, played by the Argentine actor Alberto de Mendoza), claims that the crate is evil. Pujardov is the spiritual adviser for Count Maryan Petrovski (George Rigaud) and his wife, Irina (Silvia Tortosa), and he tries to demonstrate to them that the crate is an omen of evil: in a bizarre rationalization, he claims that where there is evil, there is no place for the sign of the cross, and a piece of chalk fails to make the marking of the cross on the side of the crate. Saxton dismisses it as a trick and discredits the monk. Saxton is eager to keep his find a secret from everyone, especially Dr. Wells, but Wells pays the baggage man to look into the crate when everyone is gone and tell him what's inside. Later, the man does this and is also killed by the creature, which possesses a glowing red eye. After gazing at the red eye, the man's eyes begin to bleed and turn white until he falls down dead. The ape-man quickly picks the lock of the crate just like the Chinese thief did back at the beginning of the train's voyage. The creature leaves the crate and places the baggage man's corpse inside instead; the others discover it later and Saxton is forced to come clean about his discovery. Inspector Mirov (Julio Peña) represents authority on the train, and he tries to keep the news of the death quiet among the passengers, while simultaneously searching for the creature. A beautiful woman insinuates herself into Dr. Wells' compartment; she is Natasha (Helga Liné), and she uses her feminine charm to convince Wells she is a lady in distress. In reality she is a jewel thief intent on stealing the Countess's jewels from the train's safe. She is recognized by Yevtushenko (Ángel del Pozo), a prominent engineer who knows he has seen her before. Wells dines with the both of them in the dining car, but Mirov summons him and his assistant, Miss Jones (Alice Reinheart) to perform an autopsy on the baggage man. When they remove the top of his skull, they find that his brain is strangely smooth; Wells concludes that the brain has somehow been "drained" of all knowledge and memory. Later, when he sees a boiled fish with a white eye, he decides that this is the reason the eyes of the victims turn white; the memories and information are absorbed through the eyes, causing this reaction. The fossil continues to haunt the train and kills two guards, eventually overcoming Natasha when she sneaks into the dark baggage compartment and attempts to steal the jewels from the safe. Wells happens upon the murder scene and the fossil tries to attack him, but it is gunned down by Inspector Mirov, who stares at the creature and then collapses into unconsciousness. In an strange experiment, Saxton and Wells discover images embedded in liquid inside the eye of the dead fossil, images that reveal a prehistoric Earth, as well as a view of the Earth from outer space. They deduce that the real threat is a formless alien creature that was simply inhabiting the body of the fossil, and that it has now transferred itself to someone else on board the train. These fears are confirmed when Miss Jones is found dead in the baggage compartment, attacked by the Inspector and drained of her brain, her eyes white and bleeding. The monk senses the evil presence inside of the Inspector and pledges allegiance to it, considering it Satan. Yevtushenko becomes a victim, too, when the creature learns that he has studied the laws of physics and theories of space travel. When news of the murders on the train is wired to Siberian authorities, the train is stopped and an intimidating cossack named Captain Kazan (Telly Savalas) boards with a small group of his men. Mirov is discovered to be the creature and is shot down, but not before the alien presence transfers itself to the monk. The passengers all retreat to the caboose, while the monk murders Kazan and his men by draining them of their brains. The creature attacks Count Petrovski, who is knowledgeable of the formula for creating steel; the creature intends to escape Earth by building a vehicle using the combined knowledge of the intelligent men it has absorbed. When it threatens the Countess, Saxton arrives and confronts it with a rifle and a powerful light, which renders its deadly red eyes temporarily ineffective. Playing for time, the creature tempts Saxton by revealing that it came to Earth millions of years ago and was accidentally left behind by its own kind; it is a formless energy that has survived over all the years by transferring itself to each form of life that has evolved over time. As such, it possesses all of the knowledge that Saxton so desperately wants. It offers to help him cure disease and end hunger, but Saxton decides that it cannot be left alive. Realizing that Saxton cannot be bargained with, it resurrects all of its victims as white-eyed zombies. The zombies chase Saxton and the Countess back to the caboose, where the others are waiting. As they desperately work to detach the caboose from the rest of the train, Russia sends a telegraph to the next station ahead that they are to send the train over a cliff. The operators follow this order, thinking that they may be at war. Just as the surviving passengers manage to separate themselves from the rest of the train, it goes crashing over the cliff into a fiery explosion below. The caboose rolls to a safe stop precariously near the edge, where the survivors watch the fire consume the train and the unnatural inhabitants within it.
tt0107529
Comedy,Drama
In October 1962, teenager Gene Loomis (Simon Fenton) and his younger brother, Dennis (Jesse Lee), move to Key West, Florida, when their father is deployed to work on a submarine just off the naval base. Shortly after their arrival, a televised speech by U.S. President John F. Kennedy announces the threat of an impending nuclear attack from Cuba, and panic strikes the nation. At school, Gene and his classmates perform an air raid drill by crouching in the hallways, but an outspoken liberal student named Sandra (Lisa Jakub) refuses to participate and warns her peers about the real dangers of radiation. Gene bonds with a boy named Stan (Omri Katz) over his love of horror films, and the two make plans to see B-movie producer Lawrence Woolsey's latest feature, Mant, about a man who has been transformed into an ant as a result of an atomic mutation. Stan introduces Gene to his crush, Sherry (Kellie Martin), and encourages his new friend to invite a girl to the screening. Later, Gene and Stan watch as frightened townspeople swarm the grocery store frantically purchasing food to prepare for imminent nuclear destruction. Gene's mother (Lucinda Jenney) suggests he distract Dennis by taking him to see a light-hearted comedy film at the local movie theater. Bored, the boys walk out of the screening and encounter two men named Herb (Dick Miller) and Bob (John Sayles) protesting Mant's tactless subject matter. Lawrence Woolsey (John Goodman) appears among the crowd of onlookers, having recently arrived in town to promote the picture. He hands out a stack of free passes so the citizens can decide for themselves whether or not his films should be considered objectionable. At home, Gene looks through his horror movie magazines and recognizes one of the protesters as Herb Denning, a minor player in Woolsey's pictures. The next morning, the seemingly wholesome Sherry tells Stan about her former relationship with an older guy, a juvenile delinquent named Harvey Starkweather (James Villemaire). Seeing Sherry with Stan, the angry and jealous Harvey corners the boy and threatens him if he pursues the relationship. Meanwhile, Gene strikes up an awkward conversation with Sandra, who received a week of detention for acting out during the air raid drill. After school, Gene asks Woolsey about Herb Denning, and the filmmaker explains he hired him to stir up interest in the movie, never expecting he would be recognized. In preparation for the screening, Woolsey outfits the theater with electric buzzers, smoke machines, and earthquake simulators, hoping his "AtomoVision" and "RumbleRama" experience will exploit the heightened sense of fear gripping the audience. Meanwhile, Harvey has a run-in with Herb and Bob and attempts to steal money from them, only for the two men to rough up Harvey to get their money back. Harvey decides to look for a real job to earn money to win Sherry back. That night, Stan makes up an excuse to cancel his date with Sherry, but Sherry's younger brother blackmails her into seeing Mant with him instead. On Saturday afternoon, Gene, Dennis, and Stan join the long line outside the theater. When Sherry arrives with her brother and sees Stan with his friends, she reprimands him for lying to her. Inside, Woolsey's muse, Ruth Corday (Cathy Moriarty), poses as a nurse and forces the attendees to sign liability agreements, warning that the film may "scare them to death." Gene sees Sandra across the lobby and offers to sit with her, while Harvey Starkweather is recruited to control the special effects switchboard during the screening. Once the film starts, theater chain owner Mr. Spector (Jesse White) watches in delight as the gimmicky effects cause the audience to scream. Gene runs into Sherry in the lobby and explains Stan's evasiveness, which prompts Sherry to apologize. During a particularly scary scene, Harvey sneaks into the theater wearing a "Mant" suit and terrorizes the audience, but becomes enraged when he sees Stan and Sherry kissing. Harvey attacks Stan and flees, but the children chase him downstairs to the basement and find the paranoid theater manager's fully equipped fallout shelter. Gene unknowingly activates the door, which locks before he and Sandra can escape. Hearing the thundering effects of the film upstairs, the two mistakenly believe an atomic bomb has already been dropped and fear they are the only survivors responsible for carrying on the human race. They kiss, but are interrupted when Woolsey, Gene's mother, and Sandra's parents break down the door and see the two teens in a romantic embrace. As part of his costumed performance as "Mant," Harvey grabs Ruth Corday and drags her out of the theater holding a knife at her throat. Backstage, he demands compensation for the job and kidnaps Sherry. During the climactic scene of Mant, Woolsey and Gene notice the upper balcony is about to collapse due to the excess weight of too many people on the balcony, but the audience is convinced the world is ending and quickly scrambles to get out of the theater before disaster strikes. Dennis, however, remains trapped upstairs as the balcony detaches from the wall. Gene runs to help, and slowly coaxes his brother to safety. Outside, police arrest Harvey, and Sherry kisses Stan. When the audience realizes they have not been bombed, they delight in the experience and demand to see the film again, unaware the venue has been destroyed. Mr. Spector congratulates Woolsey on his success and eagerly begins brainstorming ideas for their next sensationalist picture. Sometime later, the Loomis family is relieved to learn that the Cuban Missile Crisis has ended and their father will soon return. Gene and Sandra say goodbye to Woolsey and Ruth, who drive to their next opening in Cleveland, Ohio.
tt0075276
Comedy,Drama
Just released from a jail term of 2 1/2 years in Berlin, Bruno Stroszek goes through all of the formalities of being released and is given back all of his personal belongings: one sweater, one shirt, a pair of pants, a pair of socks, an accordion, five packs of cigarettes, a bugle horn, a keychain and his passport. Back in his cell, he bids farewell to his cellmates and they exchange gifts. One makes for him the smallest paper ship in the world and the other sets his flatulence ablaze. He then meets with the warden, who asks him if he has a place to live now that he is free, to which Bruno replies that his apartment had been taken care of by his neighbour, Herr Scheitz. He is then asked whether or not he'll go back to consuming alcohol since all of his past offences had been alcohol-related and that if he were to be caught again for similar crimes, that he'd be locked away for a longer period of time. Bruno seems uninterested and is then recommended that he clean himself up and once again, to stay away from bars and alcohol. He finally promises and is subsequently released. During his walk home, he stops at a bar called 'Bier Himmel' (Beer Heaven) and orders a beer. As he walks to sit at a booth, he sees his friend Eva, a prostitute. He attempts greeting her but is told to leave her alone by her pimps who were there trying to extort money from a former client of Eva's. She then starts crying on one of the pimps, telling him she doesn't want to be with any other pimp. He stands up and slaps her across the face, to which Eva starts crying and walks away towards where Bruno is sitting. He tells her to sit with him and tries to reassure her that everything will be OK. Eva asks him where he had been, to which Bruno responded: 'vacation'. She is still distraught and asks herself 'what she's going to do' and 'where she's going to go', to which Bruno responds by telling her she can stay at his apartment and that they can both start new lives together. As she sets up her belongings, Bruno is playing his pianos to see if they are still in good condition after not being played for so long. His favorite piano is a black grand piano he calls 'Schwarze Freund' (black friend). They notice how the apartment is dirty and Eva says she'd take care of everything by earning money. Bruno's neighbour, Herr Scheitz, arrives with his minah bird he had been taking care of in his absence. He then tells Bruno and Eva of his plans to move to America and stay with his nephew - but by ship, since according to Scheitz, airplanes are not built correctly. In the next scene, Bruno goes back to his ritualistic ways of playing his accordion in an alleyway to an audience of mostly children. When he arrives at his apartment, he sees Eva's pimps waiting for him outside his door and leaves running the opposite way. He finds Eva at a restaurant with her pimps and is quickly kicked out. He retreats back to his apartment and talks to Scheitz about what is happening with Eva, when at that moment, the pimps are dragging her up the stairs and into the living room, dump trash on her and break one of Bruno's accordions. Bruno helps her get up and into bed. The next day, Bruno is out buying some fruits and sees that the pimps are watching him, from whom he instantly runs away. While playing his piano at home, the pimps walk in and start harassing him. Now himself being distraught from the constant trouble the pimps are making, he sees his doctor and asks him for advice since he can't defend himself. The doctor tells him he should start off by getting a steady job and then takes him to the premature baby ward in order to further explain the concept of life and its many unanswered questions. He used a premature baby to symbolize how he could barely survive on his own but had such strong grip reflexes although considered weak. Back at the apartment, Scheitz is waiting for him to arrive and shows him what the pimps had done to Eva, which was to once again physically abuse her. Bruno asks her if she wants him to call the police to report it only to be told no and how they need to escape the whole mess. They decide to go with Scheitz to America and finance the tickets/Visas by Eva earning more money by selling her body a few more times. Scheitz reports back to them and informs Bruno that he can work as a mechanic at his nephew's auto shop and that Eva can work at a nearby restaurant at a truck stop. They arrive in America and Bruno's bird Beo gets confiscated by customs, to which he asks Eva and Scheitz: What kind of country is this that they take away my Beo? After a little sightseeing in New York, they purchase a used car and drive out to Railroad Flats, Wisconsin. When they arrive, Scheitz's nephew, Clayton, greets them with a misspelled sign in German, saying: Welcome. Meet & Greet time is followed by picture-taking and they learn how Clayton was once stationed at the US Air Force base in Ramstein. They get a short tour of the town by Clayton and are then told by him about the mysterious disappearance of a farmer who drove out into the woods on his large tractor never to be found again. He claims the wreckage is probably underwater in one of the nearby lakes and periodically searches for it with a metal detector when they're frozen over. Once settled in, they learn about the situation between two farmers nearby that patrol a stretch of land labeled: no-mans land and are told to stay away since both carry rifles and could potentially start firing at each other at any moment. The pre-fabricated house they had ordered arrives and is fully furnished. Scheitz is then seen outside performing electro-magnetic experiments on a fence and then on 2 American hunters on the side of the road- in German- to which of course they don't understand. He then tells Bruno and Eva about his animal magnetism theory and performs his testing on their skin. In the next scene, they are all seen on and around a frozen lake with a metal detector in their search for the lost tractor. Realizing that theyre falling behind on paying all of their bills, Bruno and Eva discuss this, to which Eva tells Bruno not to worry because she could take care of everything. She accomplishes this by sleeping with truckers that stop by her work. Soon after, theyre visited by a bank representative who informs them of their lack of payments and the possibility of repossessions if they continue to not pay. Eva hands him a wad of cash and is asked by Bruno how she had made so much money in that little time. In the next scene, Bruno shows Eva a model/schematic of his state of mind (which appears to be wood or metal that is intertwined). He tells her how their goals in the US cant be reached because he saw America as an opportunity to get rich quick. He also points out that shes acting differently around him, primarily by not letting him sleep in the same bedroom, it feels like prison he says, like a cage. At work, Clayton is making sexually suggestive comments about Eva and Bruno says he was better off in Germany and that he shouldn't have come to America to watch his world fall apart. The next day, Eva is with some truckers once again as Bruno looks for her at the restaurant. Not being able to find her there, he then tries searching around where the trucks are parked. He finds Eva in a truck with 2 truckers and is told to leave because she was going to Vancouver with them. Drinking his sorrows away at home, Bruno is once again visited by the bank representative and is told that the bank has to repossess everything and signs the house away. Soon after, the bank rep and an auctioneer arrive at the house and auction it off. Scheitz claims it is all a conspiracy and goes to the bank the next day with Bruno and a shotgun. Because the bank was closed, they enter a door next to it which happened to be for a barber. They take all of his money, twenty-five dollars, and walk across the street to a market to buy food. Once inside, the police arrive and arrest Scheitz, leaving Bruno and a frozen turkey he had just bought. He then drives back to Claytons house and leaves with his tow-truck, the frozen turkey, some cans of beer, and the shotgun. He drives until an engine fire starts in the truck at a diner. Once there, he stops to get a coffee with his last $3 and tells an American businessman who can speak some German all about his troubles and is told by him not to worry. When he leaves, he puts the truck in drive and leaves it driving itself in circles outside of the restaurant, and takes his gun and frozen turkey across the street to what seems to be some sort of mini animal amusement park. Inside are coin-operated machines which feature animals performing different things like one chicken dancing, one playing a piano, and a rabbit fire truck rider. Bruno starts some of them with the last of his change and then goes to the back of the facility, which has a chairlift. He turns it on and rides up the side of the mountain. At the second ascent, the frame of the camera shifts up, not being able to see Bruno any longer. At that moment, a loud noise is heard which is unclear where it comes from. Its been said that the noise is either from the sound of his shotgun from his suicide or the tow-trucks engine exploding. At the end of the movie, police are on the street and are reporting back to their headquarters stating: We've got a truck on fire, can't find the switch to turn the ski lift off, and can't stop the dancing chicken. Send an electrician.
tt0089994
Adventure,Comedy,Family
The film begins with a group of birds that are part of an organization called 'The Feathered Friends.' Their topic of the day: Big Bird. The organization feels that Big Bird should be placed with a family of birds, seeing as he appears to be an orphan. The organization approves for it's representative Miss Finch to help Big Bird. Miss Finch arrives on Sesame Street, and soon convinces Big Bird that he should be with a bird family. The announcement comes as a sad goodbye to Big Bird's friends, who consider themselves his family. Soon afterwards, Big Bird arrives in Ocean View, Illinois, where he is introduced to his new family: The Do-Do's. Big Bird tries to get along with his new family, but he still feels homesick. One day, a large postcard arrives from Mr Snuffleupagus, wanting to visit. The Do-Do's laugh at the notion that Big Bird has friends that are not birds. Their words upset Big Bird, who then decides to run away back to Sesame Street. Big Bird's friends hear of his 'flight' on TV, as well as a statement by Miss Finch who vows to find Big Bird and return him to the Do-Do's. The next day, Big Bird's friends take action, setting out by car and plane to find him. Along the way, Big Bird soon tires of walking, and hitches a ride with a turkey farmer. After some time, Big Bird ends up on a farm, where he befriends two children. After spending the night in their barn, he helps them with their chores the next day. However, Big Bird flees when Miss Finch is seen nearby. Eventually, Big Bird makes his way to a city called Toadstool. But Miss Finch is not too far behind, and Big Bird has to flee once again. On the outskirts of Toadstool, Big Bird meets a pair of no-goods called The Sleaze Brothers. Offering to hide Big Bird from Miss Finch, Big Bird soon realizes he is trapped when the brothers refuse to let him go. Smelling a lucrative deal on their hands, the brothers paint Big Bird blue, and tout him as 'The Bluebird of Happiness.' However, Big Bird's stage song is one of sadness, in which he sings of being home with his friends. After the show, two children meet him backstage, where he explains for them to call Sesame Street, and tell them where he is. The next day, Big Bird's friends sneak into the circus tent to free him. However, the Sleaze Brothers take off before they can rescue him. Gordon and Olivia give chase, and help release Big Bird, before the two Sleaze Brothers are pulled over and charged with a long string of illegal practices and felonies. Soon afterwards, Big Bird returns to Sesame Street amid cheers from his friends, but soon grows worried when Miss Finch shows up, promising to try and place him with another 'bird family.' Maria strongly rebuffs Miss Finch's decision, claiming that on Sesame Street, there are all kinds of people and things, and they are all happy together, even if they aren't all the same. After hearing Maria's testimony, and realizing how far his friends went to get him back, Miss Finch declares that Big Bird can stay. Now home where he belongs, Big Bird returns to his nest, where he greets Mr. Snuffleupagus, who had been waiting for his return.
tt0085615
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Moscow, USSR. In the opening scene, three young people are seen ice skating on the frozen pond in Gorky Park. Three days later, Soviet militsiya officer Arkady Renko (William Hurt) investigates the discovery of their bodies a short distance from the skating rink. All have been shot in the chest and mouth; their faces and fingerprints have been completely removed with surgical instruments. Renko is left anxious and paranoid when the KGB refuse to take over the investigation. Renko enlists the help of Professor Andreev (Ian McDiarmid) to reconstruct their faces. During his investigation, Renko crosses paths with William Kirwill (Brian Dennehy), a New York police detective who is in the Soviet Union investigating the disappearance of his brother James. At a weekend getaway at the dacha of Chief Prosecutor Iamskoy (Ian Bannen), Renko also makes the acquaintance of the American sable importer Jack Osborne (Lee Marvin) and his girlfriend Irina Asanova (Joanna Pacua). Renko is eventually able to piece together the victims' identities: James Kirwill, and two young Russians who were friends of Irina. He discovers that the three were busy constructing a chest for Osborne. Renko's suspicion of Osborne mounts over time, during their polite but tense conversations in social settings. When Irina is attacked by a KGB officer who attempts to inject her with a fatal overdose of drugs, Renko saves her. Nursing her back to health in his apartment, they begin an affair. Kirwill finally locates the barn where the three victims were building Osborne's chest. It was designed to smuggle six sables out of the country and to break the Soviet monopoly on their fur, potentially earning Osborne millions of dollars. Irina stubbornly continues to believe that her two friends are alive. Osborne had promised to smuggle them out of Soviet Union in return for their work; he tells Irina that they were successfully freed. Renko confronts her with Prof. Andreev's reconstructed head of one of her friends, forcing her to realize that they have been murdered by Osborne. She confesses the full details of the plot to him and then runs away. Renko and Kirwill go to Andreev's to retrieve the second reconstructed head, but a KGB agent emerges with it in a box. They follow him, and Renko is crushed to find they are back at Iamskoy's dacha. They watch from a distance as Osborne and Iamskoy supervise the destruction of the head by the KGB agent. To Kirwill's horror, it is his brother's head. Renko confronts Iamskoy in a bath house. Iamskoy cordially admits that he kept Renko on the case because Osborne was unwilling to pay a high enough price to smuggle out the sables. Renko's investigation was intended to frighten Osborne into paying more. He offers to cut Renko in on Osborne's kickback. Renko reveals that he has recorded the conversation, and Iamskoy jumps up and wrestles Renko for the gun. In the ensuing struggle, Renko's gun goes off and kills Iamskoy. Osborne flees to Stockholm, Sweden. The KGB allows Renko to travel there to supervise an exchange. He is to receive the sables from Osborne, whereupon everyone will be allowed to walk away. Renko is shown into a bedroom where Irina is waiting for him. She confesses that she fled to Osborne, who has worked her freedom into the deal for the sables. She promises Renko that his freedom can also be part of the deal. Disgusted by her treachery, Renko tells Irina she has blood on her hands. He meets with Kirwill and the two assume that as soon as the exchange is complete, the KGB will kill Irina, Renko and Osborne all at once. The next morning, at a remote farm, Renko and the KGB agents approach Osborne. They come across the corpse of Kirwill; tied to a tree with his intestines hanging out. Renko is devastated; Osborne then loudly announces that he gutted Kirwill after he killed his dogs. Osborne throws six dead sables onto the field and asks the men to lower their weapons. Renko realizes that neither side will let the other live. When Osborne shoots a man, Renko grabs Irina and runs for cover in the woods. Pribluda then kills the other man before Osborne kills Pribluda in a stand off. Osborne tries to shoot Renko in the woods. Renko finds more live sables in their cages. Irina emerges from the woods and Osborne threatens to kill her if Renko does not surrender. When Renko emerges to give up, Irina shoots Osborne. Renko, too, shoots Osborne before Irina fires multiple rounds, killing him. She asks Renko to go away with her, but Renko reveals he agreed to do the hit on Osborne in return for Irina's safety and freedom from Soviet Union, and that she'd be hunted down and killed if Renko did not return to Moscow. As Irina runs off to freedom in Sweden, Renko frees all of the sables, which run off into the woods as we hear Irina's voice repeat Renko's promise that they will meet again one day.
tt0095107
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
A elderly man claiming to be Santa Claus (Douglas Seale) arrives in Orlando, Florida, where Ernest P. Worrell (Jim Varney) is working as a taxi driver. He picks up Santa, who tells Ernest that he is on his way to inform a local celebrity named Joe Carruthers (Oliver Clark) that he has been chosen to be the new Santa Claus. Joe hosts a local children's TV program with emphasis on manners and integrity. While they are driving, a runaway teenage girl who says she is named Harmony Starr (Noelle Parker) joins Ernest and Santa in the cab. When they get to their destination, Santa possesses no legal currency (only play money), so in his giving Christmas spirit, Ernest lets him ride for free. The decision gets Ernest fired from his job. Ernest later discovers that Santa left his magic sack in the cab, and Ernest begins a quest to find the old man and return it to him. At the Orlando Children's Museum, Santa tries talking to Joe, but is rudely interrupted and rebuffed by Joe's agent Marty Brock. Santa begins to worry when he discovers his sack is missing, and becomes more discouraged because of his increasing forgetfulness, a result of being 151 years old. Santa tries to explain his predicament, but Joe does not believe him and Marty has Santa arrested. Ernest poses as an employee of the governor with Harmony as the governor's niece, and the two help Santa escape from jail by convincing the police chief that Santa must be taken to an insane asylum. Santa explains to Ernest and Harmony that he was handed down the job of Santa Claus in 1889 and has enjoyed it ever since, but the magic grows weaker over time. The only way to restore its full strength is to pass it on to someone else which is why he must find Joe and make him the new Santa Claus by 7:00 pm. Ernest disguises himself as a snake rancher so he can sneak Santa into a movie studio. Marty presses Joe to quit his children's job and instead land a part in a horror film titled Christmas Slay, about an alien which terrorizes children on Christmas Eve, which offends Santa so deeply he punches the director. Santa later tracks down Joe at his home. He explains about passing the position of Santa Claus over to him because otherwise the magic will eventually die. Santa also explains that from Orlando, Joe must leave to deliver the presents by 7pm; if he leaves any later, he will run into daylight before he finishes. Joe declines, but later is overcome by conscience when the film director wants him to use foul language, which he refuses to say in front of the children on the set. Ernest and Harmony (whose real name is later revealed by Santa to be Pamela Trenton) discover the magic power of Santa's sack, and Pamela starts to abuse it. She steals the sack, and attempts to run away again. On Christmas Eve, however, her conscience prevails, and she rushes back to find Ernest and Santa and return the sack. Ernest meets Santa's elves at the airport and they retrieve the reindeer and sleigh from the holding dock. Because they are short on time, Ernest decides to fly the sleigh to the children's museum, much to the helpers' objection. Having trouble controlling it at first, the reindeer and the sleigh fly all over the sky. At a meeting, Joe sees the reindeer and sleigh flying and it convinces him that everything Santa told him is real. Joe turns down the acting job and leaves to find Santa. Joe finds Santa at 6:57 pm at the children's museum and tells Santa that he wants the job. Santa, very pleased, transforms Joe into the new Santa Claus. Ernest and the helpers arrive at the museum at 6:58. Pamela has called her mother and has decided to come home. The new Santa decides to have Pamela be his special helper and then take her home, and allows Ernest to be the sleigh driver for the night. The old Santa resumes his former identity, Seth Applegate, and spends Christmas Eve with an elderly museum employee named Mary Morrisey. The new Santa takes off at 7:00 pm to deliver the gifts.
tt0097626
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Petty career crook John Sedley (Mickey Rourke) is called Johnny Handsome because of his deformed face. His knack for observing and planning gets him and his friend into a robbery of a collectable coin store with Sunny Boyd (Ellen Barkin) and Rafe Garrett (Lance Henriksen) but the job goes sideways. Rafe and Sunny double cross the others killing everyone else in the job but Johnny. Johnny goes to jail and is warned that since this is his second time convicted for a felony, the next time makes him a third-time loser and he will be given the maximum sentence. In jail Johnny is accosted and knifed by two other inmates and sent to the hospital where he is visited by Lt. A.Z. Drones (Morgan Freeman) who tells him that Rafe paid to have him killed and urges Johnny to give evidence to take him down. While Johnny recuperates an enlightened Dr. Steven Fisher (Forrest Whitaker) believes that if he can repair Johnny's cleft palette and reconstruct his face he can change his life because the world will see him in a different more positive way. Lt. Drones tears down the doctor's ideas insisting that someone who is bad will continue being bad regardless of his looks'. Johnny agrees to the medical procedures and has his impaired speech and face changed and reenters society with a parole agreeing to continue psychological observation from the doctor. Johnny gets a job on a construction crew where he meets Donna McCarty (Elizabeth McGovern) who sees something special in Johnny but he pushes her away planning his revenge on those crooks that have double crossed him. He approaches Rafe and Sunny with a job to rob the construction site and things go along fine until suspicions cause curiosity.
tt0079858
Comedy
At his San Diego, California mansion, Milton Parker (Vincent Price), an elderly and wealthy game developer, is in poor health and plays one of his inventions in bed, competing against his young nurse (Carol Wayne). After losing, he suddenly dies. At the reading of his will that Sunday, Charles Bernstein (Robert Morley), Parker's attorney, announces to a room of invited family members and acquaintances that the millionaire recorded an audio message for them. In keeping with his motto, "play to win," the inheritor of Parker's $200 million estate will be decided in a scavenger hunt. Each team will receive an identical list of clues identifying 100 items to obtain, and every item has a different point value. The group or person who earns the most points by 5:00 pm that day will inherit the Parker fortune. The five competing teams consist of the following groups: Mildred Carruthers (Cloris Leechman), Parker's greedy, widowed, dowager sister; Stuart Selsome (Richard Benjamin), her calculating attorney; and Georgie (Richard Masur), her grownup, but childlike son; Parker's nephews, Jeff (Dirk Benedict) and Kenny Stevens (Willie Aames); Parker's son-in-law Henry Motley (Tony Randall) and his four disobedient young children Jennifer, Michelle, Jason and Scott; the millionaire's personal staff of Henri (James Coco), the French chef; Jenkins (Roddy McDowell), the valet; Jackson (Cleavon Little), the chauffeur; and Babbette (Stephanie Faracy), the dim-witted French maid; and Marvin Dummitz (Richard Mulligan), a blundering taxicab driver, who did not know Parker, but inadvertently helped him gain control of the company after being responsible for a car accident years earlier in which Parker's business partner died. Believing she is the sole rightful heir, Mildred is furious about the game. When she refuses to let her stepdaughter Lisa (Maureen Teefy) to compete, Jeff and Kenny invite the young woman to join their team. Before distributing the lists, Bernstein reminds the competitors that items can be acquired by any means, except purchase, and they are to be stored in the assigned pens located on the estate. As soon as the groups receive the list, they speed away in different directions. Mildred, Stuart, and Georgie begin their quest by procuring a teddy bear at a carnival, but their next item proves to be more challenging as they remove a large safe from Stuart's office. After the elevator breaks down, Stuart tries to transport the heavy object down the stairs while George is determined to sabotage the effort. In a moment of good fortune, the safe falls out a window and conveniently lands in the backseat of their car. Next, Stuart notices another item on the list, a fox tail, tied to a parked motorcycle. As he unfastens the object, a biker gang and their leader, "Scum," (Meat Loaf) accost him. Stuart emerges from the beating dazed and with his clothes in tatters, but the greedy and callous Mildred has no sympathy and screams that the 5:00 pm deadline is approaching. Elsewhere, the servants pose as plumbers to detach a toilet, worth 40 points, from a hotel bathroom and steal a cash register from a grocery store, while leaving behind the money. Thanks to the efficient Jenkins, the servants make good progress in the hunt, until they become locked in a chemistry laboratory while foraging for a microscope. Meanwhile, Marvin fumbles at the beginning as he tries several times to steal a Rolls-Royce automobile grille. Next, he breaks into a bridal shop to snatch a gown, but Sam (Scatman Crothers), the elderly security guard, catches him. After Marvin explains that he is the only team with one player in a very high-stakes scavenger hunt, Sam agrees to join him and share in any winnings. At a museum, the two develop a plan to procure a suit of armor: Marvin dresses as a mummy to distract visitors and guards, while Sam sneaks away wearing the metal outfit. However, Sam is knocked unconscious after falling down stairs in the cumbersome suit, with Marvin unaware of his partner's predicament. As Mildred, Stuart, and Georgie arrive at the museum to find the same item, they stumble upon the armored figure lying on the floor and store the body in their car trunk. Elsewhere, Henry and his children have little to show for their scavenging efforts and when their station wagon breaks down after acquiring a parachute from a nearby sky-diving school, Henry appears too tired and discouraged to continue. His bored children, who have thus far been uncooperative, inspire their father to continue, and the family becomes motivated to finally work as team. To secure the next item, a medicine ball, Henry accidentally falls out the second floor window of a gym holding the item. Believing he performed the stunt on purpose, his children have a newfound respect for their father. Also, the fifth team of Kenny, Jeff and Lisa are enjoying the experience. They abscond with a clown head at a Jack in the Box fast food drive-thru restaurant, steal a helmet from the San Diego Chargers football team, and pick up an overweight woman, worth 50 points, at a bus stop. After procuring a tank of nitrous oxide, the "laughing gas" leaks in their van and causes a chuckling Jeff to swerve across the road. A policeman stops the trio, but the officer is soon affected by the gas and happily agrees to give the team his uniform, the next item on the list. While Jeff, Kenny, and Lisa park the van to acquire another object, Mildred and her team steal their loot. Meanwhile, the servants escape from the chemistry lab to discover that Parker's devious sister has also seized their items. A car chase ensues as the nephews and the servants attempt to catch the cheaters, who race back to the Parker estate to claim the objects as their own. With 15 minutes remaining until the deadline, the five teams converge on the estate and place their items in the designated pens. Although the servants and the nephews complain to Bernstein about Mildred's underhanded tactics, the attorney declares that the items are already in her pen, and, therefore no one can remove them. Meanwhile, a zookeeper (Avery Schreiber) arrives to protest that five of his ostriches were stolen for the game. As Mildred and Stuart anticipate their victory, the other teams realize that their only chance to defeat the miscreants is to combine their items. They use Kenny, Jeff, and Lisa's pen to collect the objects. However, with seconds left on the clock, the score of the four teams is 1,365, while Mildred, Stuart, and George remain in first place with 1,480 points. Suddenly, Sam, dressed in full armor, climbs out of Mildred's car trunk and represents the points needed for the coalition to win the game. With encouragement from Marvin, Sam stumbles toward the nephews' pen and secures the $200 million estate for the four teams.
tt0089798
Drama,Romance
Rolling Stone magazine investigative reporter, Adam Lawrence (John Travolta), travels to Los Angeles, California, to pursue an interview with a business man named Joe McKenzie (Kenneth Welsh), who was arrested for drug crimes. Adam's editor, Mark Roth (Jann Wenner), asks him to work on a second story while in Los Angeles, and Adam decides to write a humorous expose on how health clubs have replaced bars as the new singles scene. He focuses his attention on "The Sports Connection," a health club that touts its social aspect. Adam is given a tour of the facility, but does not reveal the true nature of his article. He becomes infatuated with an aerobics instructor named Jessie Wilson (Jamie Lee Curtis), but she is distrustful of Adam after having been "burned" by a journalist in her past. Adam continues his investigation on Joe McKenzie, relentlessly pursuing him for an interview. Jessie refuses Adam's request to be the subject of his piece on The Sports Connection, but agrees to have lunch with him. She asks him point blank if he is writing an expose on the singles scene at the club, which he denies. After Joe McKenzie is released on bail, he grants Adam an exclusive interview, and Adam goes to New York City to meet him. The story he writes on McKenzie is contested by Rolling Stone for fear it will incite government opposition. The publishers demand Adam turn over his tape-recorded interview, and when he refuses after promising secrecy to McKenzie, the magazine refuses to print the story. Adam returns to Los Angeles and begins a relationship with Jessie. He attends her aerobics class, and she agrees to be interviewed. Jessie shares that she was interviewed by a reporter when she was an Olympic swimming hopeful, but the journalist wrote a scathing expose about her affair with her coach. Jessie and Adam take a ski trip together, and their relationship deepens. Behind Jessie's back, Adam pursues his story on the health club singles scene. Jessie is furious and ends their relationship when she catches Adam tape-recording a personal story she shares. His editor, Mark Roth, informs Adam that McKenzie offered the magazine a large sum of money not to run the story on him. Sometime later, Adam interviews Linda Slater (Laraine Newman), a promiscuous health club member. She and her friend Sally Marcus (Marilu Henner) are excited to be the focus of his story, unaware of its negative slant. Rolling Stone photographer, Frankie (Anne De Salvo), is sent to take pictures at The Sports Connection to accompany the article. Adam stops her from photographing Jessie, and demands she turn over the pictures she has already taken. Jessie visits Adam, and he gives her his tape recordings, and promises not to write about her. They resume their relationship, but Jessie finds The Sports Connection story on his computer, and learns that he is making the club and its members look bad. She deletes the only copy and accuses him of being callous. Later, Adam rewrites the article with a positive slant about the health resurgence in America. His editor, Mark, is angered that the story is not what Adam promised, and assigns another journalist to rewrite the story without Adam's knowledge. Frankie shares the photographs she took of Jessie, and the journalists recognize her as the former swimmer. They print her picture with the old story of her long-ago affair, and credit the cover story to Adam. When he learns about the article, Adam races to apologize to Jessie, but she refuses to believe he did not write it. Adam returns to New York and attacks his editor's office with a baseball bat. Later, Adam is subpoenaed by the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) to testify against Joe McKenzie, and turn over his tape-recorded interview. Jessie travels to New York to attend the hearing. When Adam takes the stand, he refuses to hand over the tapes, and is held in contempt and sent to jail. As he is taken into custody, Jessie chases after him, shouting his name. Soon after, Joe McKenzie is found not guilty, and Adam is released from jail. Jessie waits outside the prison, and kisses Adam upon his release.
tt0115493
Adventure,Family
Jesse (Thora Birch) and Sean (Vincent Kartheiser) sent on an adventure to save their father (Dirk Benedict), who during an emergency delivery in a storm crashes somewhere in the mountains.
tt0097579
Action,Crime,Drama
Jimmie Rainwood (Tom Selleck) is a respected maintenance chief with American Airlines in Los Angeles. He has a beautiful, successful wife (Laila Robins) and a nice home in the suburbs. Life is good. Meanwhile, two rogue narcotics cops take down a cocaine smuggling operation aboard a fishing boat at the Long Beach waterfront. One armed suspect is wounded during the bust. The officers' behavior during the arrest unmasks their violent and unorthodox methods. One of the cops, Mike Parnell (David Rasche), carries the confiscated cocaine from the boat, stopping to put a couple of kilos in his car trunk before turning the rest over to a supervisor who arrives to take charge of the operation. Jimmie Rainwood arrives at home that same evening, expecting an empty house and salad in the fridge. Instead, he is surprised to find his wife home early and a steak dinner waiting for him. Jimmie and Kate make plans for a last luxury vacation before they have kids. The next day, Officers Mike Parnell and Danny Scalise (Richard Young), both adrenaline junkies, stop at a phone booth to call an informant. As Parnell prepares to dial the call, he turns his back to Scalise and snorts coke from a vial he is carrying. The informant tips Parnell off to a suspected drug deal taking place that evening. Delighted, Parnell returns to the car and relays the address to his partner, but recklessly confuses "Oak Lane" for "Oak Way." Rainwood arrives at home that evening to find the empty house and cold salad he expected the night before. As Rainwood showers, Parnell and Scalise creep up to the house. After carefully peering inside, they break down the front and back doors and storm into the house while Rainwood uses the hair dryer. Rainwood hears the loud noise and steps out into the hallway, dryer in hand. Amped up by the tense situation and the cocaine, Parnell mistakes the hair dryer for a weapon and shoots Rainwood, seriously wounding him. Scalise enters from the back of the house and quickly realizes that the supposed weapon is a hair dryer. They search the premises and find no drugs. Realizing they are in the wrong house, they use a drop gun and planted drugs to frame Rainwood and cover their tracks. Kate arrives to find her husband seriously injured and falsely accused of selling narcotics and shooting at police officers. An Internal Affairs officer, John Fitzgerald (Badja Djola), is suspicious of the cops' story but has no proof with which he can challenge their version of events. The crooked narcotics officers coerce their seedy informant into falsely testifying that he had bought drugs from Rainwood on several occasions, and that Rainwater had used his airline maintenance job to smuggle the drugs into the country. Rainwood is confident that justice will prevail and therefore refuses a misdemeanor plea deal, since it would ruin his career. Shockingly, he is convicted of felony assault and drug distribution and sentenced to six years in prison. Rainwood is totally unprepared for the harsh realities of prison life. Soon after his arrival, his cellmate is shanked and burned alive in a prison yard vendetta. Rainwood decently but foolishly tries to rescue the dying man, but he is quickly tackled by lifer Virgil Cane (F. Murray Abraham) before the guards can shoot him. Rainwood tries to hang on to the morality of the outside world inside the prison walls, but he quickly realizes that won't be possible. He is quickly targeted for domination by a black prison gang and their brutal leader, Jingles (Bruce A. Young). Offered protection by an Aryan Nation gang in the prison, he declines, considering them an equally vile option. Not wanting to become a helpless pawn, "Jimmie Rain" is offered help by Virgil Cain, who was once set up by the same pair of dirty cops. Jimmie agrees to think about it, but refuses to consider solving his problem by killing anyone. Soon afterward, Rainwood is cornered by Jingles and two muscled-up members of his posse. When he refuses to give them his "outside money," he is viciously beaten, ending up in the infirmary. He refuses to identify his attackers to the warden, earning him 15 days in segregation. Back in the general population, he is once again confronted by Jingles, who taunts him about the beating. Virgil offers him advice once again, but Jimmie isn't ready yet. Then in the gym one day, Rainwood is seized by Jingles and his crew, hustled into the bathroom, and made to watch the brutal rape of an inmate who was "sold" to them. Jingles makes it clear that the same fate is in store for Jimmie, and soon. Rainwood goes to Virgil and says he is finally ready to deal with his problem. In the prison workshop, a thick piece of Plexiglass is fashioned into a shank. At Virgil's direction, some shaved soap is mixed into Jingles' eggs in the cafeteria serving line. During a subsequent basketball game, Jingles suffers severe intestinal cramps and heads for the bathroom. Rainwood follows him in. As Virgil covers the entrance, Jimmie silently approaches Jingles as he is getting up off the toilet. Jingles, seeing the shank, sneers at Rainwood and threatens to take it away and use it on him. Jingles feints at Jimmie but isn't quick enough. Rainwood buries the shank into Jingles' midsection and breaks it off. He drops the hilt into the floor drain and staggers out with the help of Virgil. The warden admits he can't prove anything but sends Jimmie into solitary confinement for 90 days. Back on the outside, the two rogue cops approach Kate in a parking lot and threaten her, advising her to keep her mouth shut and to quit agitating about her husband's case. She goes to Fitzgerald and pleads for his help. When he tells her once again that he can't do anything without proof, she lies and tells him that Parnell and Scalise used the n-word to describe him. He confronts the pair in an alley and warns them to leave her alone. Having served three years, Rainwood is paroled. Kate brings him home, and he tries to adjust to life on the outside. As he works on his classic Pontiac Firebird one day, Parnell and Scalise show up and tell him they need to have a talk. Inside the house, they threaten and intimidate him and Kate. They emphasize that as an ex-convict, they can make his life miserable. In desperation, Jimmie and Kate turn to Virgil, who concocts a plan to set up the crooked cops. They also meet with officer Fitzgerald, promising him a chance to bust Parnell and Scalise in the act of buying illicit drugs for the purpose of re-selling them. Parnell and Scalise have been busy taking down drug dealers in the area, stealing the bulk of the drugs, and selling them to a mobster named Donatelli at a discount. Rainwood and an accomplice from prison feed a bad tip to Parnell and Scalise through the informant who originally set Rainwood up. Acting on the tip, the dirty cops stage a raid and seize 25 kilos of cocaine. What they don't realize is that the drug dealers work for Donatelli. Donatelli demands the cocaine back by the following day. Parnell briefly muses to his partner about fleeing with the stolen drugs. That night, Rainwood and his accomplice, wearing ski masks, jump the surprised cops and steal the drugs. Donatelli has made it clear to Parnell and Scalise that he will kill them and their families if they don't return the cocaine. They stall Donatelli, telling him things are too hot at the moment and they will have to bring the coke back the next day. The desperate pair soon gets a phone call from the "frightened" hijackers, offering to return the drugs in exchange for a meager $20,000 in traveling money. Parnell and Scalise can't believe their good fortune. They decide to keep the drugs after the buy-back meeting and flee to Florida, $750,000 richer. The meet will take place at a marina. At the pre-arranged meet, Internal Affairs detective John Fitzgerald waits in his car and listens over a wire attached to Rainwood's accomplice, Malcolm. Malcolm approaches with part of the coke and explains that once he has the money, his partner will leave the rest of the drugs in a nearby trash barrell. But hot-headed Parnell grabs Malcolm and threatens to blow his brains out. He demands that the mystery bagman (Rainwood) step out of hiding with the remaining coke. When Rainwood reveals himself, Parnell sends Scalise to retrieve the drugs and then shoots Malcolm in the back. Detective Fitzgerald exits his car, identifies himself, and exchanges gunfire with Parnell. Scalise jumps in his car with the bag of drugs and tries to flee the scene, but Fitzgerald manages to kill him. Parnell hijacks another vehicle from a startled driver and speeds off, but Rainwood leaps into the back of the car and and grapples with him, causing a crash that throws Rainwood out, injured and stunned. Parnell continues his flight on foot. Just as he thinks he is home free, Rainwood comes out of nowhere and slams into him. A vicious and bloody hand-to-hand fight ensues, with Parnell finally pulling a knife and lunging at Rainwood. Rainwood disarms Parnell and starts to cut his throat, but he hears Kate (who has followed him) begging him to stop. In a final scene, Parnell enters the same prison that had held Rainwood. He hears someone call out to him from the cells above and looks up to see Virgil Cane grinning in derision. Jimmie Rainwood returns to his airline job.
tt0089348
Action,Thriller
In the opening scene, a group of Cuban refugees on a boat sailing for the United States. They are at first met by what appears to be a U.S. Coast Guard boat, with armed personnel. The Guardsmen suddenly kill all the refugees and take several bags of cocaine hidden in the boat. It is revealed that the armed personnel were communist Latin American guerrillas dressed as U.S. Coast Guardsmen. The real Coast Guard eventually finds the boat full of the murdered Cubans off the coast of Florida. The FBI and the Miami Police Department arrive at the docks to investigate the murders. The communist guerrillas eventually land in Florida and exchange the drugs for weaponry from a drug dealer. They are led by Soviet operative Mikhail Rostov (Richard Lynch). Former CIA agent Matt Hunter (Chuck Norris), Rostov's former adversary, is asked by his CIA contact to come out of retirement, but he first refuses. However, Rostov demands that Hunter be killed before they can begin their operation, because Hunter is his former nemesis. Rostov and his gang fail to kill Hunter, but destroy his home in the Everglades. Hunter goes to meet his CIA contact, and tells him that he will come back. Later that night, hundreds of additional communist guerrillas invade the beaches of southern Florida. The guerrillas drive away from the beaches on several trucks. The guerrillas begin their assault all over the USA by destroying suburban homes. Another group of guerrillas (dressed as Miami police officers) attack a community center in South Miami killing several unarmed Cuban Americans. Meanwhile, the FBI has no idea who is behind the attacks. Hunter and the CIA believe that Rostov is behind the attacks. As terrorist acts continue in Miami, race riots and general chaos develop within the city. By now, the public believes that terrorists are behind the attacks. Next, the guerrillas attack a shopping mall where people are doing their Christmas shopping. During the attack, Hunter comes into the mall and engages the guerrillas. Hunter tracks down and kills the whole group that attacked the mall. The next day, National Guard troops are called up, while martial law and a curfew are declared. Over the next two days, Hunter foils a plan to bomb a church and attack a group of people waiting outside a store. In the process, Hunter kills Rostov's right hand man Nikko (Alexander Zale). Soon after, Hunter saves a school bus full of children from a bomb that was about to detonate and plants the bomb in the car of the two terrorists which explodes. In order to corner Rostov, Hunter coordinates a risky plan. The U.S. Government builds a command center in Atlanta, Georgia for the troops. At the command center, all 50 state governors and military officials meet how to stop the terror attacks. The FBI arrest Hunter as a vigilante for the killing of the terrorists and is taken to the command center in Atlanta; a plan orchestrated by Hunter to be put on the local news aware that Rostov is watching. With Rostov wanting Hunter dead, he orders all the guerrillas to invade the command center in Atlanta. After breaking into a depot and killing the security guard, the guerillas commandeer several armored trucks and launch a massed attack against the command center. When Rostov and his men find the building to be empty they discover that it's a trap. As the guerillas prepare to move out, the National Guard surrounds the command center supported with M-60 Patton tanks and hundreds of troops, using the arrest of Hunter as a trap. A climatic firefight begins as the National Guard and the guerillas engage each other in the streets with casualties to both sides. At the command center offices, Hunter uses a rocket launcher to blow up an enemy helicopter to cut off Rostov's route of escape. He then enages Rostov's men in a firefight at the offices of the building killing all of them until Hunter comes face-to-face with Rostov himself in which they exchange fire until they both run out of ammunition which leads to Hunter engaging Rostov in hand-to-hand combat. Outmatched by Hunter, Rostov retreats to another office and arms himself with another assault rifle from a dead guerilla. Hunter approaches Rostov from behind and says: "it's time, Rostov". When Rostov turns around to shoot him, Hunter finally kills him by shooting a bazooka rocket at close range, blowing Rostov to bits. Outside, the terror crisis and firefight finally ends when the few surviving guerrillas on the street surrender to the National Guard.
tt0088224
Action,Comedy,Drama
Sergeant Major Zack Carey (James Garner) arrives at his last duty post, an Army base in Georgia called Fort Clemons, with his wife Ladonna (Shirley Jones) and his son Billy (C. Thomas Howell). The guard at the main gate welcomes him as he enters with his family in a station wagon. Behind him is a moving van with their belongings and a World War II Sherman tank on a trailer (he tells the guard he never said he travelled light). Personnel help him remove the tarps from his prized possession as Ladonna supervises the moving of furnishings into their on-base housing. As Zack rolls the tank onto solid ground, a staff sergeant reporter from Soldier Magazine named Jerry Elliott (Mark Herrier) interviews him, as he is the only Army man who owns a tank. He has restored it over fifteen years, adding a radio and PA system so he can drive it in parades and other events. Of his two sons, his eldest son Jonathan has died and Billy, born six years later, is just 16. When asked why anybody would want to own a tank, he replies that it is very hard to shoot yourself while cleaning it. Zack visits the base commander, Major General V.E. Hubik (Sandy Ward), who is familiar with him, welcomes him wholeheartedly and takes him on a tour of the base. Zack has made an offer on a fishing boat on which he and his wife can enjoy retirement. The General says Zack could be the next senior Sergeant Major of the Army and work out of the Pentagon, but Zack says he has only one son left who will go on his own soon, and he doesn't want to miss any quality time with him. Back at the house Elliott the reporter asks Billy what his father is like, and Billy says he is a cross between George Patton and Danny Thomas. Ladonna recommends that Zack goes to the local NCO club and he finds its more like a disco, geared to a younger crowd and much too noisy for his tastes. He does run into an old friend, Ed Tippett (Dorian Harewood) who works at the base Provost Marshall's office. When Ed says to come meet the wife, Zack says he knows Linda and Ed corrects him: Gwen is the new wife. At home Zack is slightly disheartened and talks to Ladonna about the club and his friend's divorce, saying all he wants to do is finish his duty and get on the boat, then the couple share a cuddle. At his first assembly with his command personnel the next morning, Zack stresses taking care of their own without problems reaching their superiors, and keeping to Army regulations in all matters. He also says he wants to see a proper bar on the base so Army personnel of a certain age don't have to dance, as he calls it, the funky monkey. Early the next morning Zack hits the battalion field to do his morning jog and shouts for all to hear that he finds himself alone; in moments the entire battalion has filed out of their barracks and they form ranks on the field to engage in early morning physical training with their sergeant major. The General is awakened by the sound of the troops passing. He watches Zack out his bedroom window and smiles. Sometime later, when Ladonna gets home, Zack happily announces that the sellers accepted their offer on the boat. He forgot she is entertaining the NCO wives in the house that night, so they can't eat dinner at home or celebrate yet. She suggests Zack go into town for dinner. He stops at the local bar, the Outpost Café, and talks with a woman named Sarah (Jenilee Harrison), who has aspirations to go to California and become a beautician. Zack becomes loose with the beer, says he has been in the Army for 30 years and jokes that he should go into the Navy now that he is a boat owner. He starts singing a loud shanty which interrupts a pool game being played by Deputy Euclid Baker (James Cromwell) and some of his friends. Euclid quickly makes it obvious to Zack that the Army isn't particularly welcome. He then tells Sarah she has wasted too much time on Zack and should be turning tricks with paying customers, then he slaps her. Zack says that the display was not necessary, but Euclid takes another swing at Sarah. Zack punches and roughs up Euclid, then gets hold of the deputy's service pistol; the bar patrons step back in alarm, but he simply drops it in the fish tank on the bar and leaves. Sarah yells at him that she could have lost her job, but he says a simple thank you would have sufficed. He immediately goes to Ed's house to tell him what happened, knowing he has made a mistake which will bring the local constabulary looking for him. Ed says the sheriff is a particularly mean variety of Georgian cracker, and it might take considerable money to get out of the situation. The next morning Euclid greets the sheriff, Cyrus Buelton (G. D. Spradlin) and brings his morning cup of coffee. Buelton upbraids Euclid for getting beaten up by somebody and not putting that person in jail. A mark on the deputy is a mark on him, and something he won't tolerate. Zack is spotted eating at the enlisted mess hall instead of the NCO mess, ruffling the feathers of Mess Master Sergeant Johnson (John Hancock), to whom it appears to be an unannounced inspection and a breach of etiquette. He storms over to Zack in a huff, but Zack explains he chose to come in because the food smelled good. He praises the clean facility, the quality of the food and that nobody slopped food onto the plates, all of which Johnson says is no less than he expects of his staff. When Zack gives high praise to the mess sergeant's own apple cobbler, the man softens and Zack earns his respect. Buelton and Euclid visit Sarah in her trailer. The sheriff awakens her and asks if she believes in Wonder Woman or the Lone Ranger. When she seems confused, he talks to her about thinking that Zack and Army men like him are her heroes. He demands that she roll over and drop her pants so he can enforce the lesson with his belt that there is no Lone Ranger. She complies. When he sees Euclid looking down at her and smirking, he whacks him upside the head before proceeding with Sarah's whipping, which she silently and tearlessly endures. The sheriff then visits the Provost Marshall's office. Ed has expected his arrival and excuses the white clerk at the counter to take on the visitor himself. Buelton says he wants Zack in his own jail and demands he be handed over. Ed casually says he will have him delivered at once, but doesn't move. Buelton challenges Ed and calls him Sambo. Ed says he will also order that by five o'clock the town be off limits to all military personnel to prevent more problems, knowing it would affect the town's livelihood. Ed then warns the sheriff, calling him Jim (as in Crow), not to exceed the speed limit leaving the base or risk spending time in his jail. Insulted, Buelton returns to his office and demands Euclid get every piece of information available on Zack. At a visit to the post hospital Zack sees a crying five-year-old boy being held down by his mother while a doctor stitches cuts to his bloodied face. The mother says his daddy isn't mad at him anymore, and Zack realizes what has happened. He calls the kid's Army father, Corporal Harris (Larry Jordan), into his office and asks if he hit his son. The man becomes defensive and says it is none of his business, but Zack makes it his business, offering to spar with him at the base gym if he feels the need to vent anger, and demands he get counseling. Harris continues to be stubborn, so Zack puts him against the wall and warns that he will visit the hospital daily to make sure the man doesn't lay another hand on the boy, threatening to risk his rank, retirement and the stockade if necessary to stop him, and the chastened man is dismissed. Zack and Billy talk about the boat at home, and Billy mentions naming it the Johnny Boy, saying it would be fitting since Johnny was his favorite son. Zack sets him straight, saying he and his mother had a different and unique relationship with Johnny, who always tried to prove himself (which might have been what had gotten him killed). Billy should never feel that Ladonna or he loved either of them more or less than the other. At school Billy is summoned to his locker. Euclid and Sherriff Buelton ask him to open his locker, but he finds a different lock on it and his combination doesn't work. On orders, the maintenance man breaks off the lock, and a bag of marijuana has been planted inside. Zack contritely visits the jail to see Buelton, and he and Euclid take great joy in humiliating him as he admits his fault and asks what he needs to do to get Billy back. Buelton says that the judge, who happens to be his brother-in-law, will surely send Billy to the county farm for two or three years of hard labor. The sheriff takes Zack on a tour of one of the work farms and has a supervisor pull a black worker off a truck, where he was on break from the work detail, to exercise negative feedback, which consists of beating the man for malingering. Buelton demands $10,000, which he feels Zack can afford after getting word of the article in the magazine. He also warns not to bring in any lawyers. Zack says he will play it his way as long as Billy is safe. He visits his son in jail and tells Billy that Buelton is getting revenge, he will be set free soon and to stay strong. Billy calls his dad sir, and Zack stresses to Billy that he should be as polite to his captors. Back at home Ladonna slaps Zack, furious at him for "whoring" and putting their son in danger. She refuses to listen and says she wants to get a lawyer and bypass any of his ideas. The next day, while Zack is conducting a firearms inspection, Ladonna pulls up in the car and confesses that she had no idea what kind of man Buelton was. At the sheriff's office, Zack quietly hands Buelton the money in a bag, which the sheriff says will keep Billy alive for a while, and Zack argues additional shakedowns had not been part of their deal. The sheriff says hiring the lawyer was dumb. Billy has been tried and sentenced to three years of hard labor at the work farm where, without protection, he might be victimized by degenerates or shot while trying to escape. In the jail cell, Billy has suffered a beating and yells at his father, as he has been told a version of what happened with Sarah at the bar, asking if she was worth it. Zack goes home and thinks things over, weighing his options. At dawn he goes to his tank, prepares the vehicle and then drives it toward the main gate. Major General Hubik is apprised of the situation, and he tells the guards to bar the gate. Zack simply swerves past them, taking down part of the fence as he heads into town. Zack awakens Euclid at the jail with his tank and trains the muzzle on him, asking him to let his son out of jail. Euclid says Billy was taken to the county farm overnight as a precaution, and only a couple of drunks are inside. Sarah has come out of her trailer and says the lawyer they hired is also in the jail. Zack has her retrieve Euclids keys to release the prisoners, then tells him to take the radio out of the squad car. Euclid refuses, saying it's a new radio and the sheriff would kill him if it got ruined, so Zack uses the main gun on the tank to take out the squad car. Then he shoots the main phone line out of town with a machine gun. He drives through the jail using his tank as a juggernaut to level the building. Finally he has Euclid strip naked and Sarah handcuffs him to a telephone pole. She asks Zack to take her with him, as she can't stay there anymore, and he agrees. Outside the work farm, they observe Billy through binoculars, helping a work crew. Zack blasts a truck as a diversion and uses the sound system in the tank to tell Billy to lie down flat; he aligns the tracks vertically on either side of Billy and drives the tank over his son to retrieve him using the hatch in the floor, and the trio take off. The police are called in to block the road, but Zack drives the tank over the squad cars. Buelton talks to the governor of Georgia (Wallace Wilkinson) saying he has a 52-year-old sergeant major who is crazy, along with a sixteen-year-old "dope fiend" and a 20-year-old hooker in a Sherman tank, and asks for help, but he refers the sheriff to the Army. Billy helps Zack with tank maintenance while Sarah washes in the river. He has a disagreement with his father because of Sarah's presence, but Zack says she is willing to testify how she was arrested for vagrancy and forced into prostitution by Buelton on a trumped-up charge, lending weight to their cause, and Zack can then add his testimony as well. He tells Billy they're not running from, but to, the law, hoping to go over the state line, where true authority in neighboring Tennessee can put a stop to Buelton's abuse of power. Buelton visits Hubik to demand aid from the military. Hubik replies the only indiscretion the Army has against Zack is his destruction of a 20-foot section of fence, and Zack had resigned earlier in the day. Then he mentions the Posse Comitatus Act, a law prohibiting the Army rendering aid in a civilian matter without the permission of their Commander in Chief: the President of the United States. The sheriff, unfamiliar with the term, misinterprets it and takes umbrage, thinking he has been called a "pussy communist," and storms off to deal with Zack in his own way. The news media has received word of the fugitives in the tank. Buelton puts his men at every gas station to the state line to stop Zach from refueling. When the tank begins to run out of gas, they pull up to some gas pumps at an off-road home. When Zack restrains the owner, he is surprised when Mr. Gant (Danny Nelson) doesn't protest. He says Zack can have anything he wants, as his sister's son was sent to the work farm and never got out. After a quick rest and a meal, they continue on their way. Buelton speaks to his supporters about Gant abetting a felon. Folks appear at the property with torches to burn the home down and have him serve as a lesson to others. He stands up to them, and suddenly the tank appears. Zack has doubled back to help Gant and drives the mob off. As they take on supplies from Mr. Gant, Billy works with Sarah. He has been cool toward her until finally she sets him straight. Zack only wanted to talk, she says, and if he had taken her back to the trailer to cheat on Ladonna, as most men shes known has, the events would have played out differently. Billy realizes Zack did nothing wrong and gains a new understanding of his father. Meanwhile Gant helps Zack plan his trip to the Tennessee border, suggesting a rougher route which will take them away from a bog where Buelton suspects he may be headed. The tank slips a track as they detour through some rough country, and Zack and Billy work on it together. Billy mans the tank to move it forward when his dad gives the word to Sarah, but Zack mumbles to himself while readying the tank to reset the track, Sarah mishears him as giving the okay and signals Billy to move the tank. The tank jerks and Zack takes a blow from a crowbar to the torso, causing immediate pain. He says his ribs are broken, and later he starts coughing up blood. It becomes apparent that he has internal bleeding, and they need to reach the state line and help soon. Billy says he can handle the tank, as he helped build it. When Zack protests that Billy doesnt have to prove anything like Johnny used to, Billy says he is not like his brother, but more practical like his mother. He realizes his dad took the blame for something that was not his fault. Billy decides to go flat out toward the border rather than moving only by night, to get them out of danger faster. Ladonna talks to Billy and Zack via the military radio and apologizes to her husband for what she said to him. Then she goes to the governor of Tennessee for help, but at first he refuses to see her. She talks to the television news reporter, asking the wives watching to call the governor if they support her cause and ask that he give her five minutes of his time. A helicopter carrying a newsman hovers over the tank while broadcasting on live television, and he interviews Billy through the tanks radio. Billy tells the people that he loves and respects his dad and has no intention of giving Zack over to Buelton. Watching the show is a gang of bikers at a bar who admire Billy and his old man. With the public's outcry, the governor finally gives in and talks to Ladonna in his office. If Zack can cross the state line, she wants the governors promise that a fair trial can be held there instead of in Buelton's jurisdiction. The governor has issues because one of the fugitives is an alleged prostitute, and Ladonna says that it is her own husband and son with the alleged 20-year-old prostitute, and he should have no problem with the matter if she doesn't. She then mentions that she has reporters and his own voters outside waiting for her to deliver his answer, suggesting that he should consider if he will be perceived as a man who wants to see justice done, or as an asshole. He asks if she is threatening him with blackmail, and she brazenly says she is. He agrees to help Zack if the tank arrives, promising in a television interview that there will be a hearing in his state before any extradition is considered. Buelton gets his own supporters together to force the tank, with the aid of roadblocks, to detour into a recessed open field by the side of the only road leading to the state line. The plan is to stall the tank there with mud, and water tanker trucks begin hosing down the dirt in the field as the semis to block the highway are put in place. He has a man named Avery (Don Young) set up a bazooka to fire rounds at the tank when it arrives to ensure it is disabled. At the crossroad on the other side of the border, hundreds of Zack's supporters, who have watched the story play out on television, come to help in any way they can, along with television crews and helicopters. The bikers have also set up to await their arrival. Ladonna gets on the radio to the tank and tells her family and Sarah that they have won. Buelton and his crew hide at the edge of the road with their guns. As the tank approaches the border and he sees the way blocked, Billy steers the tank off the road as expected and starts across the muddy field. Avery fires the bazooka but misses, since he hasn't used the weapon since his own military days, but his second shot hits the tank, and it shuts down. Buelton announces that they can all wait while the climbing temperatures take their toll on the tank's occupants. The general arrives by military helicopter to join Ladonna. When he says the tank has slipped a track and will only move if it is pulled out, the bikers confer on what to do, then they start to unload supplies off a parked truck. When the driver asks what they're doing, they openly reply, "Stealing," to no objection; everybody pitches in to build what turns out to be a ramp. Billy finally goes over the PA to ask about how his father will be treated if they surrender, as Zack is feeling worse due to his injuries. Buelton gives his word that Zack will go to the hospital immediately. Then a biker rides out on the completed ramp, sailing through the air on his motorcycle carrying a rope to be attached to a tow cable that can help pull the tank out of the mud. Billy exits the tank from the bottom hatch and helps attach the cable while Sarah holds Buelton's gunmen at bay with the machine gun. Everybody, with Hubik and the Tennessee Governor on hand, begins to pull on the cable. Buelton tries to instruct his aides to shoot into the crowd, but the armed troopers on the Tennessee side take aim and warn that there will be another Little Big Horn if they do that, so they run into the field and pull from the rear of the tank, which isn't budging. Buelton jumps onto the tank to demand Zack come out, but Sarah turns the turret to knock the sheriff to the ground. The crowd spots a bulldozer that can handle the cable. It is put into use, and along with pulling supporters against the meager crew on Buelton's side, the tank is slowly pulled up the incline, over the Georgia state line and into Tennessee. The sheriff and Euclid are left in the mud. Ladonna embraces Zack and Billy as they exit the tank, and Billy kisses Sarah as the crowd cheers.
tt0245120
Action,Horror,Thriller
Tooling along the open road in a restored vintage Mercedes convertible would be the ultimate vacation, don't you think? That's just what Sean [Kerr Smith] is doing, with only a few caveats. One is that the car isn't his. He's merely been hired to drive the Mercedes from California to Florida. The second is that he has strict instructions not to pick up any hitchhikers. No problem. Sean can handle it...that is, until he gets a flat tire in Arizona, is forced to spend the night in a motel room adjacent to some very noisy neighbors, loses his wallet, and picks up a hitchhiker to help pay for gas. Nick [Brendan Fehr] seems like a nice guy, not a psycho or anything. What Sean doesn't know is that Nick is a vampire hunter and that Sean is about to get caught in his worst nightmare. Sean and Nick make a pitstop at a roadside rest area. As they are getting back in their car, they are asked to help jumpstart the dead battery on a red Charger, which Sean recognizes as belonging to his noisy neighbors from the night before. Nick also recognizes them as the vampires Kit [Johnathon Schaech], Cym [Phina Oruche], and Teddy [Alexis Thorpe] and their renfield day-driver, Pen [Simon Rex]. Cym recognizes Nick as a vampire hunter but Kit decides to bide time before killing him. Later that evening, after securing a room at the Palms Inn Motel, Sean and Nick get a bite to eat. While leaving the restaurant, they encounter a sick girl whom Nick takes back to the motel room and tosses in an icebath. When Megan [Izabella Miko] starts screaming, Nick holds her down while Sean gives her a shot of morphine, explaining that he knows what is happening to her...she has a blood disorder caused by a virus and the only way to cure it is to kill the original source of the infection. Unfortunately, while covering her mouth with his hand to stifle her screams, Sean gets bitten. The next morning, when Nick tells Sean that he's been bitten by a vampire, Sean doesn't believe it. Nick waltzes Sean out to the motel parking area where they find the red Charger with Pen sleeping on the hood. Nick knocks out Pen by hitting him with a shovel, finds his car keys, and tells Sean to open the trunk, whereupon Sean is immediately attacked by Teddy. After Nick whacks Teddy a few times with a shovel, Teddy bursts into flames in the sun. Beginning to believe, Sean asks Nick how he knows about vampires or "the Forsaken and their feeders", as Nick refers to them. Nick shows the bite on his own arm, incurred about a year ago by a feeder at a party. Since then, he has been searching for the Forsaken who turned her. Meanwhile, he's been keeping himself from turning by gulping pills (antigens, amino acids, and proteins), developed to slow the HIV virus but also effective against the vampire virus...for a while. Nick makes Sean start taking them, too. When they stop for some fried lizard at a diner in Texas, Sean asks about the Forsaken. What are they? The Forsaken are the first vampires, Nick explains, created during the seige at Antioch during the Great Crusade when the Turks slaughtered over 200 French knights. Only nine survived. The nine were visited that night by a demon who lurks around battlefields looking for souls to steal. He made a deal with eight of the knights, giving them life eternal. To seal the deal, the eight killed and drank the blood of the ninth. The next morning, however, they were so ashamed that they hid from the sun in a cave; the next night, they went their separate ways. And so, the Forsaken spread across the world. About 300 years later, one was killed during the Spanish Inquisition. Since then, three more have been destroyed, leaving four remaining. One is in Africa, one in Eastern Europe, and two in the U.S., including the vampire Kit. The virus is telegenetic, so those bitten remain in touch with their progenating Forsaken. When the progenator is destroyed, so is the link and the whole strain dies out. The problem is that the Forsaken can only be killed on hallowed ground, so Nick suggests that they head for this old Spanish mission some 60 miles away and wait there for Kit to find them. Unfortunately, they never make it. That night, as Nick and Sean drive, the vampires catch up with them, ramming the back of the Mercedes with their Charger, taking potshots at the fenders and gas tank, and sideswiping the car doors. Each time Nick and Sean manage to elude them, the vampires catch up. Eventually, the Mercedes runs out of gas, and the vampire hunters are forced to stop at a house along the road. There is no gas to be had, but the owner, an elderly lady named Ina Hamm [Carrie Snodgrass], invites them in so that Megan can rest. During the night, Ina's house is attacked by Kit and Cym. Nick is happy to learn that Ina's house was built over an old graveyard. They're on hallowed ground, the best place to make a stand. In the melee that follows, Nick is shot and Sean's leg is broken, but they manage to shoot off Cym's head. Just as it looks like Kit is going to get Sean, the rising sun streams through the window, frying Kit. Sean and Megan are cured, but not Nick. It turns out that Kit wasn't the progenator of the feeder who bit him. Nick's search goes on. Epilogue: It is three months later. Nick is hitching in Colorado when a red Charger stops for him. It is Sean, headed for Denver and hot on the trail of the other Forsaken. As the two drive off together, Nick wonders if the owner of the Mercedes was pissed about the car. "Oh, yeah!" Sean exclaims. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tt0220100
Drama,Romance
We begin simultaneously with a screen showing 4 different stories that will converge during the film. Lauren Hathaway (Jeanne Tripplehorn) clandestinely flattens the tire of the car belonging to actress Rose (Salma Hayek) her lover. Lauren is suspicious of her faithfulness and plants a secret microphone on Rose so she can overhear her conversations when they are apart. Rose is eager to get to the casting sessions for a new film, being directed by Lester Moore (Richard Edson). Alex Green (Stellan Skarsgard), the studio executive overseeing Moores project, has problems of his own connected to his wife Emma (Saffron Burrows), who is discussing her relationship problems with her Therapist played by Glenne Headly. Alex also has a substance-abuse problem and this negatively affects his ability to perform executive decisions and his sexual involvement with Rose compromises his marriage and his career. At the studio a local spa has sent over Quentin (Julian Sands), a Latin-speaking masseuse to give everyone back rubs during their business conferences. Rose has come to the studio to meet up with Alex as part of a seduction to obtain a favorable introduction and audition for the current film being cast. The story also spins out the day of producer Evan Watz (Xander Berkeley) and his relationship with Alex and the other executives of the film company and attempts to push forward in spite of Alexs obvious problems. When Scott "Bunny" Drysdale (Kyle MacLachlan) brings in his client, Euro filmmaker Ana Pauls (Mia Maestro), an artist with ideas to pitch a new project to the executive group with the assistance of white rap musician Joey Z (Alessandro Nivola), the film clearly moves into the realm of screwball comedy, but with a pacing and delivery of some very bitter-sweet reality show. During this slice of the work day a variety of actions disrupt the actions including drug and alcohol consumption, fornication physical abuse and a few earthquakes to further shake things up as well as the actual camera work.
tt0259974
Animation,Action,Adventure
The film is split into three acts, and narrated by one of the protagonists Kari Kamiya who has a role in the first and third act of the film. Kari gives a brief introduction to the world of Digimon, explaining the existence of Digimon, monsters that were created from computer data, and live in another dimension called the Digital World. She continues, explaining she is part of a team called the Digidestined, who are partnered with Digimon to protect the world from evil. There were only a small handful of members at first, but it is added a few members introducing a new character for the film, named Willis, who lives in Colorado. Willis has two twin Digimon named Gummymon and Kokomon, but had no other friends to rely on. This takes us into the first act, on the night in 1995 when Kari and her big brother Tai encountered their first Digimon. Kari also reveals that Willis met his Digimon on the same night. In Highton View Terrace, Tokyo, Japan, Tai awakens in the night and finds Kari observing their fathers computer, where a large Digiegg emerges. The next day, Tai and Kari witness the egg hatch into Botamon, who quickly bonds with Kari. Tai goes to answer the telephone but the call is interrupted. Returning to the bedroom, Tai discovers Botamon has transformed into Koromon, a pink ball-like Digimon resembling a space hopper. This is a process Kari later explains as digivolving, which allows a Digimon to turn into a stronger form, which affects electrical equipment. Kari steals food from the family cat Miko, causing her to attack and scratch both Tai and Koromon. At sunset, Tai and Kari discover Koromon can speak, and he calls them his best friends. That night, another electrical surge causes Koromon to digivolve into Agumon, an enormous but simple-minded dinosaur, who leaps out the window with Kari on his back. Tai pursues them into the night as Agumon wanders the street, scaring Kari when he starts blowing things up with fireballs. A second, enormous Digiegg appears in the sky, hatching to unleash Parrotmon, a large bird-like Digimon able to fire electrical blasts. As Tai reaches Kari, Parrotmon destroys an overpass, burying Agumon under rubble. However, Agumon digivolves into Greymon and battles Parrotmon. Parrotmon knocks Greymon out, but Tai uses Karis whistle to awaken him. Greymon leaps up and obliterates Parrotmon with a fire blast, but the attack destroys him in the process. In narration, Kari explains that she, Tai, and six other children were amongst those who witnessed the battle and were chosen to become the Digidestined. Karis narration about the team acts as a segway into the second act, set in 2000, a year after the events of the television series Digimon Adventure. Koushiro Izzy Izumi, a computer whiz and member of Digidestined, spots a computer virus has somehow appeared on the internet and is attacking something. Getting an image of its target, Izzy amongst thousands of others across the world, witness the virus mutate a Digiegg, causing it to hatch and become a Digimon, which addresses the world with Hello!. Across town, Tai tries to compose an apology letter to his friend Sora Takenouchi after they had a falling out, but he has difficulty deciding whether or not to end the e-mail with love or from. Kari appears, off to a birthday party, sending the e-mail to Sora behind Tais back, but Tai discovers the e-mail was not delivered. A montage follows, showing what the eight Digidestined are up to Sora wanders the streets and checks her hair in a shop window but fails to notice the virus Digimon on a large screen, Joe Kido, the oldest of the group and voice of reason misses a train to an exam for summer school, Matt Ishida and his little brother T.K. are visiting their grandmother in the countryside, Kari attends a friends birthday, and Izzy races for Tais apartment. The eighth member Mimi is absent from home. Tai bemoans to his mother that Kari gets to eat cake and their fridge is empty, so Tais eccentric mother suggests she attempt to make a cake. Izzy appears, informing Tai of the Digimon on the internet. In Tais bedroom, they examine the Digimon. Izzy informs Tai that if the Digimon stays online, it could wipe out all technology. Izzy reveals he got his information from Willis, who is actually a child prodigy and taking classes at college already, though Tai is unimpressed. The Digimon suddenly digivolves, now resembling a cycloptic clawed hand and it starts devouring computer data, causing prices at supermarkets to triple, causing chaos at registers. Tai and Izzy race for the Kamiya computer, with Izzy trying one of Mrs. Kamiyas beef jerky milkshakes. Izzy connects his laptop and the computer together for more power, and explains Willis attempted to get his internet provider to remove the Digimon, but they ignored the threat. Getting online, they discover the Digimon has evolved again, now the creepy-looking Keramon. Not knowing what to do, Tai states he wish his partner Agumon was there (a different character from the Agumon seen in the first act). Agumon suddenly contacts Tai through Izzys laptop, revealing he and the other partners of the Digidestined are aware of Keramon. The Digimon are joined by Gennai, a data entity who appears as an old man. Agumon and Izzys partner, the insectoid Tentomon, agree to go onto the internet to delete Keramon whilst Tai decides to telephone the other Digidestined so their partners can help too. The attempts to phone his friends doesnt go well Joe is too busy to attend (seeing racing into his exam), Matt and T.K.s grandma is too senile to give the phone to them, Mimi is away from home and Tai only gets her answer machine, Kari is unable to come home, and Tai forces Izzy to call Sora due to their issues. Izzy calls Soras house, but she refuses to talk to Tai. Izzy tells Tai and he angrily rants about her attitude, revealing their falling out happened over a lousy hairclip. Sora checks her e-mail to see if Tai sent her anything but finds nothing. Agumon and Tentomon arrive on the internet and find Keramon eating computer data. They attack him, but when Keramon threatens Tai and Izzy, the two digivolve into their Champion-level forms Greymon and Kabuterimon. Keramon suddenly digivolves into Infermon, an armoured spider-like Digimon that proves to be stronger than Greymon and Kabuterimon. Izzy realises he is skipping stages in the digivolution chain and is now on the Ultimate-level. Greymon and Kabuterimon try to do likewise, but Infermon attacks them mid-transformation, wounding both and turning them back into Agumon and Tentomon. Izzy starts receiving e-mails from around the world, including one from Willis who claims the whole thing is his fault and suggests that Tai and Izzy find a way to slow down Infermon. Infermon himself sends an e-mail, which only says Hello repeatedly. Izzy spots the address, realising Infermon is hacking into the phone company and could cause them to lose their internet connection. Tai tries to call his friends but finds the circuits are busy, enraging the phone operator with his constant calls. Infermon calls and asks if Tai is his creator. Kari explains that Infermon was calling every number in the world, looking for his programmer. Izzys internet connection is cut off, forcing him to run home and fetch something, while Tai collapses on the sofa in defeat. A news reporter announces an emergency voicemailing system issued by the government to use the phone, instructing people to leave a message than call back to pick up replies. Tai sends messages to Matt and T.K., Kari, and Sora, inviting her to come to his house so they can talk about their issues. Sora arrives but hesitates at the last minute and stomps away. Tai leaves a message for Mimi, but his mother reveals they got a postcard from Mimi, who is on vacation in Hawaii cut to an ecstatic Mimi in Hawaii who doesnt have a care in the world. Izzy returns and reveals to Tai he has a satellite uplink device which will let them hack into a military satellite system to regain internet access. Tai checks the phone messages, discovering Matt and T.K. have left messages. Tai informs them of the situation, so Matt and T.K. rush off into town to find a computer to use. Tai and Izzy go back online and find Infermon has gone, now causing havoc in New York City. Matt and T.K. contact Tai and Izzy via a webcam, revealing they are using a computer in a barber shop, where a group of eccentric patrons watch their endeavours. Agumon and Tentomon are deployed to battle Infermon again, but are join by Matt and T.K.s partners Gabumon and Patamon. Confronting Infermon, Agumon and Gabumon immediately digivolve to their Mega-level forms WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon. The two beat Infermon down, and Patamon tries to digivolve as well. Infermon suddenly dashes at him, digivolving into his Mega-level form Diaboromon. Diaboromon uses his extendable arms to knock out Patamon and pin Tentomon down. WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon battle Diaboromon, getting the advantage. However, Izzy suddenly gets severe cramps and runs for the bathroom, blaming Mrs. Kamiyas recipes. Matt informs Tai that the Digimon are slowing down for some reason. Tai angrily slams the computer, causing it to malfunction, and WarGreymon freezes in place. Izzy returns and has to reboot the computer. He and Tai argue but then the subject turns to Sora. Tai explains he bought Sora a hairpin for her birthday, but she took offence, believing Tai disliked her hairstyle and they fell out. Izzy is stunned by the silly reason, but the attention is drawn back to the computer, discovering WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon have been defeated. Diaboromon sends an e-mail to Izzy, asking Who can count backwards from ten?. The Digidestined witness Diaboromon create a countdown, and then he starts cloning himself. Izzy is informed by Willis that the American governments systems have been hacked and Diaboromon has fired two nuclear missiles, possibly through Izzys satellite uplink, and they will hit their targets in ten minutes, thus explaining the countdown. The two targets are Colorado and Tais neighbourhood. Izzy explains every other country is trying to intercept the nukes, but their own missiles are made useless by Diaboromon and crash in the ocean near Hawaii. Izzy concludes that if they destroy all of the Diaboromon clones until the original one remains, then they can stop the countdown, only to discover there are over 75,000 clones and rising. WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon decide to go after Diaboromon, and Izzy realises the e-mails he is getting are slowing down their Digimon. The Digimon race to stop Diaboromon, entering a large circular chamber where Diaboromons clones swarm. They all attack at once, easily overwhelming WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon. Both are rendered unconscious. Tai despairs and moves towards the computer, wanting to help WarGreymon. Mrs. Kamiya enters offering more juice but notices Tai has disappeared. Kari explains that Tais bond with WarGreymon was so strong, it allows him to enter the internet and become digital, the same happening to Matt. Tai speaks to WarGreymon, encouraging him to not give up and people from all over the world are supporting him. WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon awaken, harnessing the data from the e-mails, and fuse together into one Digimon Omnimon. Omnimon easily wipes out all of the Diaboromon clones, leaving only the original, but he is so fast that Omnimon doesnt have time to aim at him. With only thirty seconds left, Izzy realises he can send the e-mails to Diaboromons address, slowing him down like they did to their Digimon. Diaboromon slows down, allowing Omnimon to spot him. Ten seconds left, the missiles head for their targets, while Omnimon dashes at Diaboromon, running him through with his sword with only two seconds to go. Diaboromon is deleted, and the missiles land harmlessly, one crashing into Tokyo Bay without detonating. Mrs. Kamiyas cake is charred in the microwave, and Sora finally receives Tais e-mail, noting the love at the end, and makes amends with him. Elsewhere in Colorado, Willis celebrates with his Digimon, only for a strange phenomenon to appear and capture Kokomon. The films third act takes place four years later, with the introduction of the second generation of Digidestined introduced in the series Digimon Adventure 02. T.K. and Kari are in New York with the intent on visiting Mimi, but Kari senses a strange feeling in the air. Nearby, the teenage Willis flees from Kokomon, who has digivolved into an enormous ape-like Digimon (actually called Wendigomon, but he is only called Kokomon throughout the film). Kokomon cryptically informs Willis to go back and to destroy. Gummymon has digivolved into Terriermon, a floppy-earred Digimon who looks more like a rabbit than a dog. Kokomon and Terriermon fight in the back alleys of Manhattan, until Kokomon defeats his smaller twin. Willis tries to get more information from Kokomon, but he disappears into mist. Kari, T.K., Gatomon and Patamon witness the battle but Willis flees when they call out to him. Patamon follows Willis, witnessing him call his mother at a payphone and learns he is going to Colorado. The Digidestined head to Colorado on the train, Kari deciding to contact their friends for backup. On a beach, Davis Motomiya, Yolei Inoue, and Cody Hida, along with their partners, DemiVeemon, Poromon, and Upamon, learn of the situation but are hapless on how to get to America. T.K. and Karis train is suddenly attacked by Kokomon who causes the train to halt in the middle of nowhere, warning them not to interfere. Meanwhile, the others arrive in America and get across country by hitching rides with Yoleis large number of uncles who happen to live in the United States including a reckless cab driver, and a pilot who drops them off in a delivery plane. Davis eventually gets fed up with the travel and shouts, alerting a truck driver who pulls over, and the group hitch a ride on the truck. Inside the trailer, they meet Willis and Terriermon. A little later, the group accompanied by Willis and Terriermon, stand on the roadside. Willis is thrilled to meet other people with Digimon and flirts with Yolei. Davis is impatient to reach Kari, and Willis suggests waiting for them at his summer home in Colorado, calling a pizza delivery guy he knows to pick them up. The delivery man arrives moments later, but he drives off before Davis and Willis can get on. Kokomon materialises, Davis sending DemiVeemon to attack him by digivolving into Veemon. Veemon, Davis, and Terriermon try to fend off Kokomon by flying at him, but crash into a billboard. Veemon digivolves into Flamedramon, but Kokomon easily defeats him. Willis tries to reason with Kokomon, who tells him to go back to the beginning. Willis Digivice, which can be used to help a Digimon digivolve, springs to life, allowing Terriermon to digivolve into Gargomon, a large rabbit who has gun turrets attached to his arms. Gargomon battles Kokomon and defeats him, but he disappears. Willis worries that Kokomon will hurt Davis and the others, but Terriermon tells him that they are a team. Needing transport to reach Yolei and Cody, Veemon digivolves into Raidramon, and they race across Colorado to Willis summer house. Realising T.K. and Kari havent arrived yet, Willis guesses Kokomon likely stalled them. Davis, Yolei, and Cody ask Willis how he knows Kokomon, but he gets upset and leaves, followed by Davis. By nightfall, the two have been wandering for hours and Davis asks Willis what he is afraid of. Willis reluctantly explains that after he got Terriermon and Kokomon, he got the idea to try and create his own Digimon on the internet, but it was attacked by a virus and mutated into Diaboromon. But while Diaboromon was destroyed, the virus survived, somehow appeared in the real world and infected Kokomon, turning him into his present self, and he is obsessed with chasing Willis. Willis assumes that Kokomons cryptic words are about going back to where the virus attacked him, but he cant be sure. Davis encourages Willis to join their team, further supported by an eavesdropping Terriermon. The next day, the Digidestined go to the field where Kokomon was infected, and the big ape arrives. Willis asks him what he wants but Kokomon is unable to speak anything other than Destroy! He suddenly digivolves again, becoming Antylamon, a tall rabbit-like Digimon. Veemon, Terriermon, and the evolved Hawkmon and Armadillomon digivolve to battle Antylamon. Gargomon and Flamedramon corner Antylamon, but he sinks beneath the river and disappears. Antylamon digivolves and rises as the nightmarish Cherubimon, who is able to make the Digimon de-digivolve to their Rookie forms. The group try to fight him as they are but are defeated. T.K. and Kari arrive with their digivolved partners, now Angemon and Angewomon, who are able to put up a decent fight against Cherubimon until he covers the whole area in darkness. All the children suddenly start getting younger, revealing Kokomon is reversing time, and only Veemon, Terriermon, Angemon and Angewomon are spared. Willis realises Kokomons words meant go back in time to when the virus first attacked him four years ago. Angemon and Angewomon decide to digivolve to their Mega-level forms to unlock the Golden Digieggs, which will allow Veemon and Terriermon to digivolve. The two become Seraphimon and Magnadramon, but are quickly defeated by Cherubimon, reverting them back to Patamon and Gatomon. However, their presence summons the Golden Digieggs, Veemon and Terriermon using them to digivolve into Magnamon and Rapidmon. They battle Cherubimon who launches a sneak attack on them, and devours them. Inside Cherubimons body, they find Kokomons soul who implies they must destroy him from the inside out to eliminate the virus. The two fire their attacks and delete the virus, allowing Cherubimon to turn good, but the damage causes him to be deleted as well, though Veemon and Terriermon survive. The Digidestined return to New York, where Davis informs Willis that Digimon never really die but rather their data is rebooted and they are born again. Willis parts ways with the other, cheekily kissing Kari and Yolei on the way out, much to Davis fury. He and Terriermon return to Colorado, where Willis calls his mother. Terriermon senses a Digiegg, and Kokomons egg washes up nearby. Kari closes the film, explaining that friendships last forever and Digimon will come back, even if they are singing a different tune. Kokomon, now Wendigomon again, sings rather badly to Smash Mouths Allstar, while Willis watches on in amusement, commenting that his friend is tone deaf.
tt0366996
Comedy,Musical
Set in Winnipeg during the Depression, a legless baroness host a contest for the saddest music in the world, with a grand prize of $25,000. During the assembly of contestants a father and his two sons; one who thinks he's an American, one who is succumbing to madness over the death of his son and his ex-lovers nymphomaniac tendencies and the father a pathetic drunkard who fucks everything up. Their unique dynamics with the beer-baroness and tragedy bring these characters together to express their deep feelings of pain and give in to treachery. Great film with a prophetic ending is a unique twist on average indy films.
tt0133412
Crime,Drama,Thriller
A used, but still burning, cigarette falls on a small stack of paper, setting it alight. Nick (Alessandro Nivola) stands in a bar in the small town of Tropico, Nevada. He sits at his booth where he's joined by a college friend named Bryce (Josh Brolin), who's almost finished accreditation toward becoming an English teacher. The two fall into small talk ranging from where-are-they-now regarding some of their college acquaintances, to a 1960's sexual game that promoted adultery. Outside, a young blonde woman (Reese Witherspoon) steps out of a cab; the camera first panning along her legs, and then up to her face. Looking pensive, she steps into the bar, walking past the booth where Nick and Bryce are sitting. Bryce turns slightly, ogling her as she walks past. A clenched hand, gripped by another at the wrist, jerks up and down at the head of a bed. Bryce calls Nick at two in the morning, frantically pleading for him to come over right away. Bryce says he's in very serious trouble and in desperate need of immediate help. Nick is delayed by a roadside brush fire, but makes it to a lavish house that Bryce is house-sitting on behalf of the owners. Bryce pours two drinks, and tells Nick that he'd gotten laid earlier in the evening, but it's what happened afterward that has him in such terrible trouble. The blonde girl who'd come into the bar, named Kathy, had picked Bryce up after Nick left, and talking and another round of drinks led to Bryce bringing her home with him and eventually they had sex. By that time, Bryce was drunk, events passing at a blur, and he already can't remember all the fine details. After they were done, Kathy told Bryce that she was going to take a cab home... and call the police to file rape charges against Bryce. The fact that Bryce had started to get intoxicated and couldn't remember all the details between Kathy showing up at the bar, and his calling Nick for help, makes him very frightened that he wouldn't have any adequate defense in court. He can't swear under oath that she never abruptly tried to back out of making love with him. But the worst part of it is, Kathy never left the house-- Bryce tells Nick, she's downstairs. Bryce takes Nick to the basement, and turns on the lights. Kathy sits on the floor at the base of a pool table, and she's bound and gagged; steel cuffs with long chains shackling her wrists to a wooden rod at the base of the pool table. In a total panic over the rape accusation, Bryce had dragged the girl down here, and she's now his captive. Bryce and Nick start to argue hotly. Nick demands Bryce produce the key to Kathy's wrist cuffs, so he can unlock them and then drive the girl home, but Bryce refuses to do this, until he can be assured that his teaching career won't be ruined. Nick hears Kathy starting to cry and turns his attention to her. He pulls her gag away from her mouth and asks if Bryce had wrongly touched, or hurt her, after she told Bryce he'd raped her. Kathy has a cut on her lip from falling down when Bryce pulled her down here, but she admits that Bryce hadn't touched her after he'd chained her to the pool table. Other than that, she's terrified at being held captive, and she sobs that she just wants to go home and forget any of this ever happened. But back upstairs, Bryce reveals there's still more to the problem. Dumping the contents of the girl's purse on a coffee table, he shows Nick two drivers' licenses Kathy has; one for the state of Nevada, listing her name as Katherine Lowell and her birth year as 1977... and the other one from Texas, listing her name as Jennifer Bigby, and her birth year as 1982. One of them must be fake, and because people typically make fake ID's listing them as older than they really are, for the purpose of accessing facilities and services with a minimum age requirement (like the bar where Nick and Bryce had gone to), instead of vice versa, Bryce believes the real one is the Texas license, which would make the girl only sixteen years old. This means that even if she didn't try to back out of having sex, her age still makes Bryce guilty of statutory rape. Bryce is certain this means he can kiss his teaching career goodbye before it's even started. Bryce wants to get Kathy out of the house and out of his life, but he's desperate to try and assure her silence. Her fake ID means he won't trust her word, and he has nothing to bribe her with, and she's too frightened to try and threaten her. Nick suddenly says he can try to do that. He's already played 'good cop,' and now he can pull a reversal, and try to scare her into compliance. Nick goes downstairs where Kathy still lays, shackled to the base of the pool table. But as he squats down beside her, he tells her, 'we're fucked,' and she answers, 'you're telling me;' revealing that it's Bryce who's only scratched the surface of what's really going on... The scene shifts to four months earlier. Nick is at work at the Tropico Recycling company; the primary source of the town's income. It's the day of his father's funeral, and his relief is very late in arriving. Hurrying home, he changes clothes and races to get to the funeral services, accidentally running down his neighbor's cat. As the vet prepares to euthanize the cat, it's shown that Kathy, whose real name is Lissa, works at the veterinary clinic. When Nick exits the animal hospital and finds his car has a flat, Lissa drives him to the cemetery where the priest still waits for him. She stands outside her pickup and watches the ceremony. Afterward, the two have lunch at a diner and start to bond, talking about why they're still living in a dead-end town like Tropico. Both of them are struggling to build futures for themselves so they can each find a good place to live. As they're preparing to part way for the night, they turn to look at each other one more time, and the camera cuts to the two of them kissing madly as they go into Nick's house, and then having sex. Nick had come back to Tropico to care for his father during his last months, and was looking to quietly collect any inheritance due him and use it to make a life for himself. But, arriving at the office of his father's lawyer, he gets double whammied: an autopsy on his father showed a chronic liver condition that he omitted from his life insurance forms on purpose, meaning they're refusing to pay out on the policy. Worse, Nick's father owed $200,000 in back taxes, and the IRS has seized all of the property for public auction. Nick is personally not liable for any of the tax burden, but it means he has no inheritance of any kind to collect. He's now stuck with no money in a dead-end job in a dead-end town. The only thing Nick seems to have going for him, is his budding relationship with Lissa, who's growing close to him. The two of them eke out their day to day lives in Tropico as best they can, until one day Nick's co-worker, Barry, introduces him to a shady man named Jimmy (Terrence Howard), who works for an even shadier employer. Trying to avoid telling him everything, they only say that Jimmy's employer moves various 'stash' around from house to house to foil potential search warrants, and tonight it's at Jimmy's house. He and Barry are planning to stage a burglary to steal $40,000 worth of it. But they need a driver. They offer Nick a fourth of their cut if he acts as driver. The job goes off without a hitch, leading Nick to reveal to Lissa that he'd been dishonest about going to a game with Barry, and he's ready to start looking into finally leaving Tropico. Lissa agrees to go with him. But the next day at work, a menacing looking man comes up to Nick and demands he get into a nearby car with him. In the front passenger seat is a Bad Ass Dude (Rocky Carroll, character unnamed, will be referred to as BAD for Bad Ass Dude), apparently Jimmy's boss, who knows about the theft. Nick is brought to a hideout where Jimmy is tied to a chair and apparently being tortured for his part in the robbery, and BAD mentions that Barry wasted no time at all skipping town, most likely for fear for his hide. When Nick says his cut of the theft was $10,000, BAD tells him that for $15,000, they'll be square and reparations will be complete. He has until Sunday to get it, and if he tries to run, they'll hunt him for the rest of his life. On finding out what's happened, Lissa looks to help Nick out, but Nick doesn't want her involved because of how dangerous BAD is. But raising the money he needs proves near impossible. Checking his answering machine, Nick finds that Bryce is calling, and he's in Tropico again. With nothing to lose, Nick calls him back. Bryce brings Nick to the house he's house-sitting at, belonging to a very wealthy man named Beaumont. Remembering Nick was interested in history, Bryce shows Nick that Mr. Beaumont has a Note authored by Abraham Lincoln himself; a stay of execution for one of Mr. Beaumont's ancestors, who deserted the Union Army during the Battle of Vicksburg. The note is written on the back of a 19th century $5 bill. The bad news comes before Nick can even approach Bryce about a possible loan: Bryce's parents, who have money, have cut him off in something Bryce calls a 'benign toughlove policy without the benign part.' Although preparing to start a career as a professor, the starting salary will be very poor. Nick goes to see Charlie, a thrift shop owner and finds that a genuine Lincoln signature would net him a six-figure profit, although not so simply as Nick would hope. First, if it's registered, it's immovable. If unregistered, he'd have to wait sixty days and it would require the right fence. Nick suspects Charlie has suggested he could be such a fence, and negotiates a cut for him. The trick is, exactly how to steal it. Lissa sees Nick doesn't trust Bryce enough to bring him 'in' on it; Nick says that if caught, Bryce would rat them out in a heartbeat, like he did with two people he worked with at cheating on college midterms. Lissa comes up with an idea to make sure Bryce wouldn't report such a theft: make him think he'd get in even more trouble by doing so, than if not. One way is by tricking him into thinking he's committed some form of crime, such as arson... or rape. When Nick says that statutory could work, Lissa quickly understands what Nick means and angrily leaves the house. When Lissa returns the next day, she sees a photograph sent to Nick; Barry's been found and murdered. This frightens Lissa enough that she agrees to go through with the plan. Nick shows that, despite his gratitude, he hates himself for just coming up with the idea. Later, he offers her another chance to back out of it. When she stays silent, he tells her that soon as she's given Bryce the necessary scare, she should hurry out of Tropico. Driving to the bar, Nick pauses near a bridge and throws his cigarette out of the car window. Unknown to Nick, it lands on some dried paper and starts the brush fire. We return to the first scene with Nick meeting Bryce at the bar; Bryce telling a vulgar joke as Lissa walks in and takes a seat; Nick passing by Lissa en route to the bathroom and telling her he loves her. She asks simply why he thinks she's going through with the plan. Lissa relocates to a seat closer to Nick and Bryce's booth, and initiates contact by giggling when Bryce spills some of his drink on his shirt. He invites her to join him and Nick. She sits and introduces herself as Kathy. Nick returns from the bathroom and excuses himself, saying he needs to leave. The scene of Bryce holding one of Lissa's wrists as they have sex, is again shown, and we return to Nick and Lissa in the house's basement; Lissa still shackled to the base of the pool table. Nick is in shambles over what's happened to Lissa, and he tries to comfort her. Lissa tells him she has the Lincoln Note, but Bryce has the key to her cuffs. After Lissa gave her 'pitch,' she says Bryce lost his cool and grabbed her as she tried to get out of the house, dragging her down the stairs before putting her in the basement. Despite his having roughed her up a bit when pulling her down the stairs, Lissa writes Bryce off as harmless; just a bad drunk. The trick is how to get out of the house. Nick says he has two ideas. The first one is to break the pole at the base of the pool table so they can escape; the complication is that Bryce has spent the past two hours studying the two fake ID's Lissa was carrying. Right now he only knows one is fake, and he only thinks he knows which one, and why. If he figures out both are fake, he'll report the theft of the Note once he notices it missing. Cut to Nick and Bryce back upstairs; Nick and Lissa are going with 'option two.' Nick fabricates a whole story about how 'Kathy' is going to turn them both in for kidnapping and rape, that her uncle is a lawyer and both of them are going to fry for what they've done to her. Bryce falls apart even further; once he's put on a sex offender registry, he can forget about working at any kind of respectable job. Bryce now wants to kill Lissa, he's so angry with her. Just at that second, a commercial for Tropico Recycling, which both Nick and Lissa starred in, starts to come on the TV, and Nick has to do a distraction to keep Bryce from noticing. He picks a fight over Bryce playing him for a fool, and tells Bryce that if he wants to kill Lissa, he should just come out and say so, without making suggestions to lead Nick on. Nick then takes control, 'leading' Bryce along the 'difficult' question of killing Lissa to keep her silent. He sets the hook by telling Bryce it's his decision and Nick will abide by whatever Bryce decides. When Bryce decides to go through with it, Nick says he'll do the actual murder, saying it's why Bryce called him. He takes the key to Lissa's wrist cuffs and goes back downstairs. A few moments later, Nick comes back up, carrying Lissa, as if he'd killed her. Nick assures Bryce he can get Lissa out of the house and off the property, but they realize they forgot to take her purse. Lissa starts to get very scared about being locked in the trunk and almost blows the whole thing when Bryce comes back out with the purse. Things start to go more awry when Bryce refuses to stay in the house alone, insisting on coming with Nick. Nick tries to calm Bryce by turning on the radio, but there's no room for calm when they're accosted by carjackers who steal the car-- with Lissa still in the trunk. Nick knows it wasn't a random carjacking, however. Sending Bryce home, he races back to his own house, barely getting there in time to answer a call. One of BAD's men is making the call, and also standing right outside to bring Nick to BAD's hide out. BAD reveals that he's chosen to collect early in case Nick was thinking of running. He turns a chair around, showing Lissa bound and gagged; BAD is holding her for ransom of an additional $10,000. Nick says he can get 20 in three or four hours, which BAD agrees to, saying Freddy will drive him back, and Lissa will stay as a hostage, while Nick goes to get 'Daddy's money.' Nick suddenly stops; BAD shouldn't know anything about Nick's father. He takes a step back, and hears a crackling sound. Looking down at the floor, he sees broken peanut shells... similar to the ones Barry dropped just before they staged the 'robbery.' Turning, he sees a closed door and bursts through it; revealing Barry and Jimmy sitting on a sofa, very much alive. What they 'stole' wasn't cocaine, but baking flour. BAD isn't a big crime boss, but merely a finance major with tuition to pay. The whole thing was a screw job because they thought that Nick had inherited a lot of money from his father and the house, and they could easily bilk him out of twenty grand. The whole plan having fallen apart, they let Nick and Lissa go, with a 'gentleman's agreement' that Nick appearing to have kidnapped Lissa is their insurance against Nick's turning them in. Nick and Lissa walk in a daze, passing by a diner, wnere Nick says he has to see Charlie within two hours. At least he can still sell the Note and get the money. Lissa is disgusted by this, angrily tearing into Nick about how they're about to sink to the exact same point as Barry, Jimmy and crew; screwing Bryce like they'd tried to screw him. It was never about the money, Lissa says; it was about saving Nick's life and building one for themselves. But now that they know Nick's life was never in danger, selling the Note for pure profit would make them no different than BAD, Barry and Jimmy. Seeing a new side of Nick, Lissa turns and walks away, entering the diner. Nick follows her inside, still hoping to try and salvage the one thing he has going for him. Inside, Nick finds Bryce. It was the nearest diner where he could get something to eat. Bryce drops the bombshell that his conscience over 'Kathy's' murder won't let him rest, and he has to confess... which, Nick knows, means turning him in as well. As if he hasn't lost everything already, Nick reaches his breaking point. He tells Bryce off, calling him out on a lifetime of crude, boorish behavior and that Nick is through with him as a friend. He takes out the stolen Note and returns it to Bryce, confessing the whole screw job he and Lissa tried to pull, showing that Lissa, on her way out to catch a cab, is alive and well, and if she leaves him now, he'll never be able to make it up to her; something he desperately needs to do. Nick follows Lissa outside as the cab arrives. Lissa opens the cab door and stops; looking at Nick for several minutes. Then she shuts the door again and lets the cab go. Best Laid Plans closes with Nick and Lissa starting to go on a walk together. Their financial future and ability to leave Tropico is still in question, but their personal future looks to be on the track to reconciliation and a readiness to face their futures together.
tt0092105
Comedy,Crime
In 1986, after serving 30 years in prison for a failed train robbery, partners Archie Long (Kirk Douglas) and Harry Doyle (Burt Lancaster) are released from prison, and giddily plan to visit members of their old gang. When Archie comes upon a newspaper vending machine, he defies Harry, who insists they are respectable citizens now, by forcing it open and stealing a newspaper. As they read the front page, they notice that the "Gold Coast Flyer," the train they tried to rob 30 years earlier, is being retired. Its last run will occur in one week, but the ex-convicts are annoyed that they are not named in the article in connection with their robbery attempt. Soon, their probation officer, Richie Evans (Dana Carvey), interrupts, and flatters them by observing that they represent a dying breed. As Richie leaves to get his car, an elderly stranger, Leon B. Little (Eli Wallach), appears and shoots at the partners with a double-barreled shotgun, but misses. As Leon scrambles looking for his glasses, the partners escape. When they find Richie, Archie insists on driving, although he finds the latest car technology annoying. At the police station, Sergeant Deke Yablonski (Charles Durning) is not happy about learning to do payroll on a computer, he would rather track recently released convicts like Archie and Harry whom he sent to prison for the train robbery 30 years earlier. At a bank, Archie and Harry notice the wall-mounted surveillance cameras. Harry has no current photo identification, and shows a bank officer a personal photograph instead. Suddenly, two thugs attempt a bank robbery. Harry wrestles the gun from one robber and takes it, but Archie persuades him not to shoot the man to avoid ruining his double-breasted suit. Afterward, Richie compliments the men on their grace under pressure, and the bank officer cashes Harry's check without I. D. At his office, Richie explains the rules of parole. He gives 67-year-old Archie a job assignment and a voucher for a welfare hotel. Being age 72 and within retirement age with a mild heart condition, Harry is given lodging at the Golden Sunset Retirement home, and will receive a monthly social security income of $435. Harry does not like the idea of retirement at all, but Richie says retirement is mandatory for seventy-year-old's. The rules also state that ex-convicts cannot fraternize for three years. Later, Richie's hostile and strict boss reminds him that he is not to play favorites with Archie and Harry. If they violate parole only once, they are to be sent back to prison. Archie walks into Mickey's bar, an old hangout, and leaves when he realizes it is now a bar for homosexuals. Harry meets Archie outside just as Leon B. Little appears with his shotgun, and orders the friends to walk into an alley. Harry and Archie maneuver the poor-sighted Leon into an open manhole, but they are still unable to figure out who Leon is, or the reason for his vendetta. On the way to the retirement home, a street gang tries to collect money from the ex-convicts, but Archie and Harry diffuse the situation with some ethics code banner followed by a few well-placed punches, causing the street gang to flee. Once they reach their destination, Archie is convinced that Harry will be running the place within a week. As the friends say goodbye, Archie senses that Harry is sinking into a depression. At the police station, Sgt. Deke Yablonski tries to convince the captain that Archie and Harry will revert to their life of crime and wants them arrested and put away. The captain orders Yablonski to get back to record keeping, and forget about sending the crooks back to prison. At the retirement home, Harry does not like the food, and starts a mutiny... as if reminiscing about protesting the cafeteria food in prison. Working at a yogurt shop, Archie hates waiting on difficult customers, and dumps yogurt on a boy's head. Harry meets up with Belle (Alexis Smith), a former showgirl, and resident aerobics instructor. She invites him to visit and reminisce. After Archie is fired, he heads to Tunney's Gym to work out. However, the former boxing gym is now an aerobics studio, and he has difficulty acclimating to the unfamiliar equipment. Archie is interested in the manager, a pretty blonde named Skye Foster (Darlanne Fluegel). She invites him to go dancing later in the evening. Archie goes to a mod clothing store where the owner and clerk Derek (Steven Memel), who only appears on a TV video monitor, gives him some advice on what modern and "hot" clothes to wear. Archie buys a new blue-colored outfit to impress Skye. That evening, Harry takes Belle on a date to a favorite nightclub still in existence. As they dance to standards, Archie is elsewhere at a underground nightclub, shaking and grinding with Skye to the music of the rock band, Red Hot Chili Peppers. Later, Richie Evans gets Archie a new job as a bus boy at a restaurant. Deke Yablonski visits Archie at the restaurant, and taunts him about his financial circumstances. Archie soon becomes frustrated with demanding customers and his abusive supervisor quits. Later, he tires of Skye's constant partying and breaks up with her. Both he and Harry hear a television news report about the end of the Gold Coast Flyer service. Meanwhile, Yablonski surprises Harry at a local bar and warns that Harry will slip up, and when that happens, he will be waiting to arrest him. Harry is too drunk to hit Yablonski, but Archie appears and punches the sergeant out instead. Harry falls asleep drunk and Archie puts him to bed. In the morning, they decide retirement does not agree with them. They decide to round up old gang members. They first venture to a restaurant where they meet their old mentor and boss Jimmy Ellis (Nathan Davis) who is frail, hard of hearing and travels with a long-term bodyguard named Vince (Monty Ash) who is nearly frail as Ellis. In the restaurant's bar, Harry and Archie meet their old friend "Philly the Mouse," (Billy Barty) a dwarf who is currently a paraplegic. Meanwhile, Leon B. Little resurfaces and demands that Richie Evans tell him where he can find Archie and Harry, but Richie plays dumb. Leon discovers the information in Richie's file cabinet, and takes him hostage. After paying a visit to Dick Schultz (Simmy Bow), the ex-convicts find that he is suffering from dementia, and complain that their cronies have either become crippled or crazy. At the same time, the captain demands that Yablonski stop his surveillance on Harry and Archie or run the risk of getting fired and collecting early retirement. Elsewhere, Leon B. Little and Richie Evans show up at Belle's apartment looking for Harry. On the street, Archie and Harry lament that it is impossible to rob a bank without a gang, and decide to rob an armored car on the spur of the moment. As part of the heist, Harry pretends to have a heart attack. A guard falls for the ruse, and the ex-convicts steal his weapon and the armored car. In an industrial section of town, they realize the armored car contains no cash, only a roll of quarters. When a news report points out that they screwed up the heist, Archie wants to steal the Gold Coast Flyer and ride it to Mexico, going out in a "blaze of glory." Harry rejects the foolish plan. Meanwhile at the retirement home, Leon B. Little becomes impatient waiting for Harry and Archie. He leaves the apartment, taking Richie and Belle as hostages. Yablonski shows up at the retirement home and is told that Little is in an apartment with a gun. He investigates as Little sees Archie and Harry on the street and starts shooting at them. The ex-convicts duck to avoid being shot. Richie punches Little, who loses his glasses as he falls. Harry, Archie and Richie use Yablonski's car to escape. At the warehouse and hidden from police, Archie tries to persuade Richie to help him steal the Gold Coast Flyer. Richie refuses to become a criminal, and Archie drives off in Yablonski's car. That night, Harry has a nightmare where Archie attempt to rob the Gold Coast Flyer train on his own and Yablonski is waiting for him in disguise as a train engineer where he shoots Archie dead. The next day, Archie parks his stolen car on the train tracks, blocking the path of the Gold Coast Flyer. As the train stops, Archie takes his Uzi sub-machine gun that he took from the armored truck driver and warns the conductor a robbery is in progress. Harry pops up and sticks a gun (the same gun he took from one of the bank robbers) in the conductor's face. The train is full of reporters, and the ex-convicts stop to have their photographs taken and give interviews. Leon B. Little interrupts the proceedings, where he formally introduces himself to Archie and Harry and explains the reason for his trying to kill them. Leon B. Little claims that an associate and local mob boss, named Vinnie Mendelman, put out a $20,000 contract on Archie and Harry back in 1956 for not giving him any profits from their robbery jobs. Despite the fact that Vinnie Mindelman died a short while later and Harry and Archie have been imprisoned during that same time, Little waited 30 years for Harry and Archie to be released from prison to get the job done. Just then, armed police and SWAT men surround the train. Harry and Archie persuade Little to team up with them until the conflict is over. Yablonski addresses them through a bullhorn, and Harry agrees to hear what he has to say. Yablonski, who plans to join them on the train, warns that they may not come out alive. The journalists are freed, but Richie Evans boards the train in disguise as a police officer, and starts the engine. Although police open fire, the train pushes aside Yablonski's car, and starts down the track. The police fire a barrage of bullets at the departing train, while Archie returns fire with his sub-machine gun, damaging several police cars, but causing no casualties. Yablonski follows the train in a helicopter, and informs the robbers that the track ends before it reaches Mexico. The ex-convicts push Leon B. Little out of the caboose and he lands in a river, with him vowing to kill them for this... even if it takes another 30 years. Archie asks Richie to jump onto the roof of the last car, then detaches it, and reminds Richie that he is not a criminal. If police give him a hard time, he should insist he was coerced. As Harry and Archie put the train engine in full speed, border police officers open fire and then scramble as the train barrels past the end of the track, and comes to rest on Mexican soil. From the hovering helicopter Yablonski insanely laughs at their audacity, and tells the helicopter pilot to take him home. As Harry and Archie jump off the train, armed Mexican Federales surround them to place them under arrest for illegally entering Mexico. Archie and Harry once again put on their 'talk-their-way-out-of-a-tough-situation' routine speech, along with a well-placed kick to the groin...
tt0097142
Comedy,Drama
Jake (age 78) is woken up by his wife Bette, who puts out his clothes for the day, helps him with his breakfast, and takes him grocery shopping. At the store, Bette has a heart attack. While their son John is busy with his business dealings he gets a call from his sister Annie about their mother. John visits Bette at the hospital, who is worried about how Jake is getting along. John and Annie visit Jake at the family home. Jake's senility limits his comprehension of Bette's situation. Annie explains to John how regimented Jake's daily routine has become with Bette, and asks him to help. John is dismayed about their father's mental decline, needing to help him get dressed for bed. The next day, John tries to explain to Jake how Bette is now limited and that he will need to help himself more. John starts to explain how to do laundry, then ends up taking the clothes to a cleaner. John diligently makes up instruction cards for Jake to do household chores like the dishes, making beds, and vacuuming. After cleaning the house, the duo go to a bingo hall, where Jake's old friends update him on the many who have died. They return home in a good mood, having won some stuffed animals. John takes Jake to the hospital to visit Bette, and Annie expresses how relieved she is that Jake is doing well. Bette expresses concern about Jake eating well. John takes Jake to a business meeting, where Jake suspects a client is lying. John later explains that his business is shutting down companies to exploit their remaining assets, which Jake finds perplexing, especially since he worked in aviation manufacturing. Jake explains that he was a worker, while John is a boss. John takes Jake to get a new driver's license for the first time in years. They throw a baseball out on the front lawn. John's estranged son Billy shows up from college, and he works with Jake in his backyard greenhouse. Jake has a memory of the entire family being together many years earlier, although he seems to have four children. Bette returns from the hospital and the family has dinner together at home. Billy tells John that he's thinking of not returning to college and may want to live in Mexico for a while. Jake sees blood in his urine and John takes him to a doctor, who explains his situation is serious. John lies and tells Jake the opposite, as he does with Bette. As Jake is waiting for surgery the next day, he asks John to hug him. After the procedure, the doctor tells John that his father has bladder cancer. John goes home and tries to lie to Bette, who suspects that Jake has cancer. The family visits Jake at the hospital, but he goes into shock after the doctor tells him he has cancer, which petrifies him. John complains to the hospital administrator. John and Annie bring Billy to visit Jake, but he has fallen into a stupor. John continues to get mad at the doctors, who try to explain that Jake is suffering from depression. The doctors say Jake is beyond medical care, infuriating John, who impulsively carries his father out of the hospital. Billy offers to help care for Jake, but John tells him he's in the way. John brings Jake home, but he has clearly diminished capacity. John tries to help him eat while Annie takes Bette to her house. Jake envisions that he is back on the farm he owned as a young man (again with four children), and John continues to stoically help him. Later that night, John is shocked to find Jake hiding under his bed, and he struggles to help him. John takes his father back to the hospital, where the administrator speaks to him sympathetically, and offers him the help of a different doctor. He diagnoses that Jake has had a seizure and become comatose. John decides that he will move into the hospital room with Jake, helping to care for him over the succeeding days while he tends to his own business matters when he can. Annie and John talk about why he can't accept that Jake will soon die. John explains that their father did his job and cared for them every day, while he grew up and left the family for his business; now he owes his father his care. John finds Billy at Jake's bedside. He has stayed in town secretly to try helping. Jake wakes up the next morning speaking lucidly, wondering why he is there. His new doctor is impressed with his remarkable recovery, and theorizes that the fear of death caused his coma, but adds that John's love and care may have provided the real cure. John and Billy take Jake shopping along Venice Beach for wild new clothes, which they model for Bette, much to her amusement. Jake's recovery is so complete that Bette wonders if something is actually wrong with him. She tells John that Jake has been delusional, and when John asks him about it, Jake asks a strange question: did he raise four children on a farm in New Jersey and not the two he raised in California? A psychologist explains to John that Jake's vision of the farm in New Jersey is a symptom of schizophrenia, a dream that Jake has concocted to make his life feel better. The problem is that he needs the approval of Bette to make the dream complete, or else his mind will deteriorate. Bette is reluctant to go along, but under pressure from John they get to know neighbors they previously ignored, and even begin babysitting local kids. Jake has a level of energy and interest that Bette finds bizarre, which includes lots of sex and a sudden interest in Japanese culture. Over a family dinner, Bette gets upset and argues with John, slapping him, and prompting Jake to beg them to get along. John tells her that she has been too overbearing; she says that Jake has simply become too alien to her. Jake tells Annie that his dream life is his vision of what they could have had, and now he just wants to enjoy dancing with her before he dies. Out in the greenhouse, they quietly dance together. John takes Jake to the doctor, who tells him that the cancer has spread to his lymph system, and he does not have long to live. John talks sincerely to Billy that night, wanting to know about his time in Mexico. Billy asks why making money was more important to John than family, to which John explains that he liked the power. He tells Billy to be forgiving. John visits Jake, now back in the hospital. Jake says he keeps remembering old baseball games and TV shows, and tells John about the 1947 World Series in which Joe DiMaggio was robbed of a homer by an unsung player. John curls up next to his father in the bed, and Jake says that when he looks at John, he knows he must have done something right. The family gathers for a reception at the house after Jake's funeral. John and Billy go out to the greenhouse in some of the wild clothes they shared with Jake, and say a tearful goodbye to Jake's memory. Annie's husband drives John away from the reception.
tt0116839
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Moments after the blast in part one, Jobe is found by a group of scientists led by Jonathan Walker, who are aware of his abilities and nurse him back to help in order to use his power for world domination. Fast forward seven years, where Los Angeles is seen as post apocalyptic, Jobe has become Walker's guiena pig, but Jobe has other plans. A now 16-year-old Peter Parkette is now a computer hacker and lives underground with his girlfriend Jade, her brother Travis and their friend Sean. When Jobe finds Peter in virtual reality, he uses Peter to bring a disgraced scientist named Dr. Benjamin Trace to him so that he can finish the chyron chip. When Peter finds Trace, and Jobe betrays them, Trace, Peter, Peter's friends and Trace's old flame must work together and stop Jobe he is trying to be a God in cyberspace.
tt0099878
Animation,Comedy,Family
The company "Spacely Sprockets and Spindles" is in dire trouble. Their latest project, dubbed the 'Orbiting Ore Asteroid,' has had numerous technical setbacks, doing only 3 days of work in over 6 months. To make matters worse, the vice-president in charge of operations, Alexander Throttle-bottom, has run off, making this the fourth vice-president that the operation has lost. Matters are further compounded when the site's assistant refuses to press the start button to activate the factory, or accept Spacely's offer for a promotion or raise. Using his secretarial computer, Spacely pegs George Jetson to be the new vice-president, sending George home to pack and tell his family. However, the news is met with with sadness, as the move will interfere with Jane's recycling program, Elroy's spaceball tournament, and Judy's date with rock star Cosmic Cosmo. Even so, the family manages to come together (with the exception of Judy who is sad about her missed date), and the family arrives at the 'Orbiting Ore Asteroid,' which not only houses the factory, but a shopping center and housing complex. The Jetsons meet their new neighbors, including Lucy-2, whose husband Rudy-2 works at the factory, and son Teddy-2 plays on the local spaceball team. They also meet the Furbolo family, including their mischievous daughter, Fergie. The next day, George arrives at work and meets Rudy-2. Rudy verses George on the factory equipment, and they prepare for the official start-up of the factory. Meanwhile, Jane and Judy go shopping with Lucy-2. Still feeling depressed, Judy goes off on her own, and meets a boy named Apollo Blue, whom she quickly develops a crush on. Later on that day, everyone turns out for the re-opening of the plant, with George activating the controls. However, the machine malfunctions again, irritating Spacely. Shortly thereafter, Rudy-2 reveals to George about previous technical issues with the plant, and cautions that it may be safer if George were to go home. George refuses, not wanting to give up on being vice-president. The next day, repairs appear to be made but the factory again malfunctions. Spacely blames George for the technical glitches, and leaves Earth to check on the factory. After inspecting the factory again, Rudy-2 reveals that the incidents do not appear to be accidents, but 'warnings' to shut down the plant. Rudy then explains about the factory's troubles, and of the 4 previous vice-presidents. George decides to stay overnight at the plant, and figure out just what is happening. Elroy and Teddy-2 sneak off to follow him. However, when their disappearance is found out, Jane asks Judy and Apollo Blue to try and find them. Judy and Apollo find both Elroy and Teddy-2 at the plant, along with Fergie, who tagged along. They also find a strange little creature, whose species Fergie identifies as a Grungee. The Grungee leads them into the core of the asteroid, where it is revealed why the factory keeps being sabotaged: The factory's enormous drill is destroying the Grungee's habitat in the base of the asteroid. The Grungees have been making the plant malfunction to keep their homes from being destroyed. Jane and Astro soon make their way into the factory, along with Rudy-2. Rudy stays in the factory, as Jane and Astro go below. Soon afterwards, they all find George, who had been bound and gagged by the Grungees. George has no idea why this has happened to him, untill Jane and the others explain. Shortly after this revelation, Mr Spacely arrives, and against Rudy-2's protestations, reactivates the drill, almost killing Elroy when it's actions cause a large amount of rock to collapse. The other Grungees manage to help him, and they all head top-side. After Mr Spacely refuses to stop the drill, George manage to make the system malfunction. When Spacely demands an explanation, George explains about the Grungees, and Spacely is soon found to have ignored reports that the asteroid was inhabited. A deal is made by which the Grungees operate the plant, but instead of drilling for ore, they recycle older sprockets to make new ones. Spacely then decides to give George his old job back on Earth. The family says goodbye to their new friends, and head for home.
tt0090735
Action,Thriller
Sam Quint (Tommy Lee Jones) is a former thief hired by the FBI to steal a computer disk which contains incriminating evidence against The Lucky Dollar Corporation of Las Vegas. After stealing the disk, Quint is pursued by Marvin Ringer (Lee Ving), another former thief and acquaintance who works for the company. At the same time, a prototype vehicle called the Black Moon, which can reach speeds of 325 MPH and runs on tap water, is being tested in the desert by Earl Windom (Richard Jaeckel). Quint and Windom later cross paths at a gas station, where Quint hides the disk in the back bumper of the Black Moon. Windom is hauling the Black Moon to Los Angeles, and Quint, still being pursued by Ringer and his men, follows Windom and his team there. Now in L.A., Quint meets with FBI agent Johnson (Bubba Smith), and he demands double pay and a clean passport because he is now dealing with Ringer. Afterward, Quint tracks down Windom and the Black Moon at a posh restaurant, where Windom is negotiating a deal to sell the prototype to a car manufacturer. Before Quint can get to the disk, a group of auto thieves, led by Nina (Linda Hamilton), steals all of the cars in the parking lot, including the Black Moon off of its trailer. Quint gives chase, and tracks the cars to an office tower, but loses them in the parking garage. Inside the garage, Quint is seen on the security cameras, but nobody recognizes him. Back at the restaurant, Quint meets Johnson again. Johnson says he needs the disk in three days or the government's case against The Lucky Dollar will be thrown out of court. He also tells Quint that if he fails to deliver the disk, he won't get paid. Quint then goes to Windom and his team and asks for their help in getting the car back, but they refuse, insisting that they go to the police first. After getting the blueprints for the towers from city hall, Quint begins staking them out. The Nyland Towers are a pair of office buildings built by Ed Nyland (Robert Vaughn), who is also the head of the stolen car syndicate. The basement of the towers is a large chop shop, and Nyland keeps the best cars for himself and sells the rest. He scolds Nina for stealing a car he can't possibly resell nor does he want it, but he also won't allow Nina to keep it for herself. After seeing Nina leave the towers, Quint follows her to a nightclub. At the club, they meet and go to her apartment. They have sex, then he tells her that he wants the funny looking car back and he wants her to help. She doesn't say no, but doesn't say yes either. Later, Windom and his team go to the towers to look for evidence to give to the police. Nyland's goons kill one of the team members, so they go back to Quint and offer their assistance. Meanwhile, Ringer has tracked down Quint, and he and his men attack him, demanding the return of the disk. Quint is able to kill two of the henchmen, but Ringer gets away. The next day, Nina is summoned by Nyland. He shows her the tape of Quint outside of the garage, and she says she doesn't know him. He then shows her a tape of them having sex. He calls her a traitor and has her locked in a closet, to be dealt with later. Meanwhile, Quint and Windom determine that since the chop shop entrance is impenetrable from the garage, the best way to get in is through the unfinished, unsecured second tower. While Windom knocks out the security cameras, Quint goes up the empty tower, crosses over to the other one, and heads down. While descending down a ventilation shaft, he discovers Nina in the locked closet and gets her out. She then agrees to help Quint steal the Black Moon. After knocking out a guard and stealing his uniform, Quint and Nina enter the chop shop and take the Black Moon. Nyland has since learned that Nina is no longer locked up and sees her in the garage. Windom is on the other side of the garage door and blows a hole in it with C-4, but emergency bars drop down to cover the hole in the door before Quint and Nina can escape and are trapped. Quint drives the Black Moon into the freight elevator, which takes them to Nyland's office. During the chase on that floor, Nina activates the turbo boost that makes the car go 325 MPH. The car then shoots towards a window, hitting and killing Nyland instantly. The car then goes through the window and flies into the unoccupied building. Just as they think they are safe and Quint gets the disk out from the bumper, Ringer shows up and takes the disk. He and Quint start fighting just as Agent Johnson shows up. After a brutal fistfight, Quint knocks out Ringer and takes back the disk and gives it to Johnson. Quint then takes his money from him and says he is officially retired from working with the FBI. Windom then shows up and is grateful his car is still in one piece, but wonders how they will get it down. The movie ends back at Nina's apartment, where Quint asks her if she is happy she stole the Black Moon. After she says yes, he says that he is too.
tt0086058
Action,Drama,Thriller
CIA director Maxwell Danforth (Burt Lancaster) watches a video recording of agent Laurence Fassett (John Hurt) and his wife (Merete Van Kamp) having sex. When Fassett goes into the bathroom to take a shower, two assassins enter the bedroom and kill his wife. Fassett, unaware of his employer's involvement, is consumed by grief and rage. He hunts the assassins, eventually uncovering a Soviet spy network known as Omega. Fassett tells the director that he wants to turn some of Omega's agents to the side of the West. He sees an opportunity in John Tanner (Rutger Hauer), a controversial television journalist who is highly critical of government abuses of power. Fassett explains that Tanner's closest friends are Omega agents. He believes Tanner could convince the Soviet spies to defect. He offers videotaped evidence of Tanner's friends discussing financial matters with a Russian man, whom Fassett identifies as a KGB agent. Tanner met his friends in college, and they have all gone on to successful careers. The spies are Bernard Osterman (Craig T. Nelson), a television producer who knows martial arts; Richard Tremayne (Dennis Hopper), a plastic surgeon; and stock trader Joseph Cardone (Chris Sarandon). Tanner agrees, but only on the condition that someone from the CIA appear as a guest on his show. Danforth agrees to this condition. Tanner's troubled marriage is not improved when he asks his wife, Ali (Meg Foster), to take their son out of town for the weekend without him. He does not want them involved but cannot tell her why he wants her to stay away. While Tanner is driving his wife and son to the airport, their car is ambushed, and Ali and the child are kidnapped. With Fassett's intervention they are rescued unhurt and the kidnapper is shot dead. In the meantime, Tanner's home has been wired with closed circuit video so Fassett can gather more evidence. Now fully aware that Tanner is involved with the CIA, Ali and their son are allowed to stay. Osterman, Tremayne and Cardone arrive for the weekend, each having recently encountered difficulties engineered by the CIA in order to unsettle them and make them receptive to defection. The mood is tense. On the second night, Fassett sends a video feed to Tanner's living room television, replaying the evidence of the three men meeting with the KGB agent. Ali has a heated argument with Tremayne's wife, Virginia (Helen Shaver), and everyone retires to their rooms. Tanner's son discovers the severed head of the family dog in the refrigerator, but it turns out to be fake. Tanner has had enough and demands that his guests leave. Tanner confronts Fassett and insists he arrest the suspects. Fassett orders a guard to kill the broadcaster. Cardone and Tremayne and their wives escape in Tanner's RV. Tanner confronts Osterman and assaults him. Osterman easily overpowers him, and demands an explanation. Tanner says that he knows that Osterman and his friends are Soviet agents. Osterman dismisses the accusation; he explains that they have been illegally sheltering money in Swiss bank accounts to avoid taxation, but insists they are not traitors. Fassett appears on the television and admits that he knows Osterman and his friends are only tax evaders. Fassett kills the Tremaynes and Cardones by remotely detonating an explosive device on the RV. He sends his soldiers into the house to kill Osterman and Tanner. Fassett taunts Tanner during the attack on the house, revealing that Danforth authorized his wife's murder. Fassett offers to release Tanner's family if Tanner will expose Danforth on television. Sometime later, Danforth prepares for his remote interview with Tanner. Danforth is at his office and will speak into a camera and microphone crewed by the TV station. Tanner introduces Fassett on the air and Danforth becomes enraged when he realizes he has been tricked. Fassett, who is also being filmed remotely, exposes Danforth as a murderer. Fassett's remote location is a secret, but it is clear someone is coming for him. It is revealed that Tanner himself has pre-recorded his questions for both men and has used the video feed to locate Fassett, whom he shoots and kills. He then rescues his wife, his son, and his dog.
tt0092857
Action,Crime,Drama
A woman is walking to her car in the parking garage. She gets in and has trouble starting her car. Three thugs appear, break into her car, force her out, and begin to rape her when Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) appears out of nowhere. He shoots the first two thugs, but wounds the third. He follows the third mugger as he attempts to escape the parking garage, but Kersey quickly blocks the exit. The third mugger pleads for his life, but Paul shoots him dead. He rolls the criminal over with his foot, and reveals the criminal to be himself. It is then revealed that the whole assault was a dream as Paul wakes up in a cold sweat. The next morning, a young woman enters Paul's architectural design office in Los Angeles, and it is revealed to be Erica (Dana Barron). Paul is dating her mother Karen Sheldon (Kay Lenz). Erica goes out later that evening with her boyfriend Randy Viscovich (Jesse Dobson) to the arcade to meet up with Jojo and his buddy. Jojo offers Erica crack, and she dies from an overdose. The next night (without any explanation), Paul follows Randy to the arcade where Randy confronts Jojo and threatens to go to the police and tell them everything. Jojo kills Randy to prevent this. Kersey shoots JoJo, who falls onto the electrified roof of the bumper-car ride. Paul arrives back at his house where he receives a note and a phone call from publisher Nathan White (John P. Ryan), who tells him that he knows about the death of JoJo. Nathan explains to Kersey that after Nathan's wife died, his daughter became his whole life. Then she became addicted to drugs, and died of an overdose. Nathan wants to hire Kersey to wipe out the drug trade in L.A. and in particular to target Ed Zacharias (Perry Lopez) and Jack Romero (Mike Moroff), rival drug kingpins who are the city's two main drug suppliers. Kersey asks for a few days to think about it, and after a few days, he accepts Nathan's offer. Nathan supplies Kersey with weapons and information so Kersey can go after Zacharias and Romero. All the while, two L.A. detectives, Reiner (George Dickerson) and Phil Nozaki (Soon-Tek Oh), are on Paul's trail of destruction. Paul infiltrates Zacharias's mansion where Ed Zacharias is throwing an elaborate birthday party. As Paul Kersey bugs Zacharias's phone, he unwittingly witnesses Zacharias murder one of his colleagues, Vincent, due to betrayal. Zacharias captures Paul, and tells him to help take Vincent's body out in order for his silence. Another of Zacharias's gang's members offers to help, and they take the body out and hide it in the trunk of the car. Knowing that he is to be killed, Paul kills the hired hitman in self defense and walks away from the crime scene. Paul kills three more men in an Italian restaurant, kills a drug dealer disguised as a video store owner and two of his assistants, as well as Romero's top hitman, Frank Bauggs (David Wolos-Fonteno). All the while Zacharias and the Romero brothers begin to suspect each other's involvement. Eight more of Zacharias's men are killed at the fisherman's wharf by Kersey. Zacharias is informed by Nozaki, revealed to be corrupt, to kill whoever is setting him up. Nozaki tracks Kersey at work and tries to get information out of him. Nozaki attempts to kill Kersey, but Kersey shoots him dead. Detective Reiner learns about Nozaki's death (not knowing about his corruption) and swears vengeance on the vigilante Kersey. In an act of retribution, Zacharias calls Jack and wants to talk to him. They arrange a meeting place at the oil fields. Kersey is already there and fires his rifle. Zacharias thinks that it is Jack's crew who is doing it and opens fire. They kill each other as Kersey kills Tony and Zacharias. Nathan calls, congratulating Kersey on a job well done, and asks to meet with him tonight. Kersey arrives at the meeting place, but Nathan sends his limo driver instead. Kersey hops in the limo, and realizes he's been set-up after the limo driver jumps in White's car. Kersey shoots the back window with the PP and makes it out before the limo explodes. Kersey forces his way into Nathan's house demanding to see Nathan. An old man living there claims to be the real Nathan White, having returned from a three-month vacation. Kersey drives back to his apartment, only to be pulled over and arrested by two cops. On the way to the downtown police station, Paul immediately recognizes them as impostors. He flips over the car, killing one, and knocking the other unconscious. Back at his apartment, Paul Kersey comes face-to-face with Reiner. Kersey tries to inform Reiner about his partner's corruption, but Reiner does not buy his story. The impostor Nathan White (his true name isn't revealed) is mad that Kersey is still alive, and uses Karen to lure him into a trap. He leaves a message, but hangs up before Kersey is given time to answer. To get away from Reiner, Kersey pretends to speak to him and knocks Reiner out cold. He pulls a rifle with a grenade launcher from his gun rack. Kersey arrives with car at the meeting place. The car rolls forward as White orders his men to open fire. They spray the car with bullet holes before realizing Paul's not in the car. Kersey fires a grenade, killing three as the car explodes. He also shoots Jesse's car, with Jesse inside, as he makes his escape. Kersey follows them into the roller rink where he kills six more thugs. White escapes through the back door as Kersey follows. Karen escapes his grasp, but is shot in the back while attempting to run. Realizing White is now out of bullets and distraught by Karen's death, Kersey fires a grenade that finishes him off. Reiner arrives and orders him to surrender, threatening to shoot as Kersey walks away. Kersey replies: "Do whatever you have to." Reiner lets him go.
tt0120773
Adventure,Comedy
30 years later... Oscar has settled in Sarasota, Florida, where he reports on a weak minor league baseball team and plays cards with other senior citizens. His son notifies him from California that he's getting married in a few days, to the daughter of Felix Ungar. Oscar and Felix happily reunite at the Los Angeles airport, 17 years after living together in New York City, but having not seen each other since then. They rent a car and drive off together, promptly teasing each other about their annoying differences: Felix was always fastidious and clean, Oscar was always unkempt and casual. Oscar soon gets irritated with Felix for needing to stop to pee, and later needing to stop for food, and to take pills. Felix laments that his third wife left him a few years earlier. Within a couple hours of driving, the two lose the directions to the wedding, realizing that Felix's suitcase was left back at the car rental agency. Making matters worse, the empty rental car rolls down a hillside and explodes. Felix and Oscar set off on foot along the desert highway, and no other cars come by for hours. They finally get picked up by a Mexican farmer, who asks them to drive his truck to a nearby gas station. They are soon stopped and arrested by a phalanx of police who find many illegal immigrants in the back of the truck. The local sheriff deduces that the two are not criminals and lets them go. Felix calls relatives at the wedding site and learns that they are five hours off course, so he and Oscar decide to spend the night in their current town. Felix and Oscar go off to a local bar, where Oscar charms a couple ladies somewhat younger than they are, named Thelma and Holly, and Felix goes along. The two couples dance, until the ladies suddenly need to leave. The next morning, they get a ride with an older man who is heading to the town where the wedding is being held. Alas, he soon dies after driving the car very slowly for a few miles. Police show up and take Felix and Oscar back to town, where the same sheriff from before again deduces they have committed no crimes and lets them go. Felix and Oscar get a bus out of town, and Felix says he feels happy and youthful. Along a stop, Thelma and Holly get on the bus, but soon after, the ladies' husbands hijack the bus and take all of them hostage on a wild car ride. Soon the police stop them and take them back to the same town where the same sheriff from before becomes so frustrated that he offers to transport Oscar and Felix to the wedding by a regional airline. While getting on the plane, Felix meets a friend of Oscar's named Felice, whom he is sure is his soulmate. Oscar convinces Felix to chat up Felice, and the three continue on to the wedding. When they arrive, they immediately learn that Oscar's son-- the groom-- has gotten cold feet and is hiding on the roof. Oscar tries to talk him out of getting married, in reverse psychology that convinces his son to go through with the wedding. After the service, Felix dances with Felice. Oscar gives his son extremely valuable baseball cards as a gift. That night, Felix tells Oscar that he plans to spend some time in San Francisco with Felice. Felix and Oscar depart at the airport with restrained emotion. Back in Sarasota, Felix shows up at Oscar's house to tell him that things did not work out with Felice. Oscar is hesitant, but agrees that Felix can stay with him for a while. As Felix begins cleaning the place, Oscar goes back to playing poker with his old friends.
tt0089264
Comedy,Drama,Romance
It is the spring of 1965 in a middle-class section of Brooklyn, New York. St. Basil's Catholic School For Boys is having mass and a liturgy is being performed, then music. A mischievous younger kid has a clicker with him that's used as an indicator to stand or sit down and disrupts the music service with the kids sitting up and down. He is caught by Brother William and taken away. Sixteen year old Michael Dunn, an unassuming and sensitive quiet kid, is new to the school transferring from Boston from St. Mary's Catholic School, his parents apparently having died in an accident. He is interviewed by the soft-spoken and compassionate, but strict Brother Thaddeus, the headmaster of the school. Dunn is nervous, doesn't know the "right" answers to questions addressed to him, unintentionally interrupts, and keeps forgetting to say "yes Brother Thaddeus" to every question asked and comes out of the interview emotionally drained. In English class, it is led by brother Constance, a prim, bespectacled, forthright, and very strict teacher He gave the kids an assignment on the Holy Trinity and catches Rooney, one of the boys talking without permission. Since Rooney decided to talk without permission, he is instructed to explain the homework assignment and makes up the Holy Trinity as being total mystery, making it evident he didn't do his homework. Brother Constance notices he did not do his homework assignment, takes the boys head, and slams it against the blackboard insisting he apologize. Then he's forced to eat the paper in front of the class. Dunn's fellow classmate Caesar, who wanted to give the definition to the class, but was caught with gum in his mouth and made to stick it on his nose, turns around and tells Dunn "Welcome to St. Basil's", in an ironic way. Brother Constance is clearly a hothead and control freak with some serious issues that wants the students under his complete submission and will embarrass or strike them with any little infraction. Dunn and Caesar have lunch together. Caesar is an overweight, bespectacled, and snooty intellectual that has aspirations to go to Harvard to be a psychiatrist. Rooney frequently teases Caesar about "being a faggot", whereas Caesar thinks Rooney is a moron and prima donna. Caesar prides himself that he's never been assaulted by the faculty and wants to stay clean so he can get into Harvard to become a psychiatrist. Back at Dunn's grandparents, they are having a traditional American Irish dinner of corned beef, cabbage, and potatoes. His chain-smoking, opinionated, and controlling grandmother is commenting on the Italian pope coming to America and seems to have a disdain for Italians. And she already has plans for Michael to be a priest, or better yet bishop or pope to please her and his deceased parents. Dunn's younger sister has a tic for gathering and playing with the flowers in a vase on the table. They both practice his Latin lesson together. Rooney and his gang are walking to school together and he's hitting on Jeanine from the girls Catholic school. Rooney is an uncouth and not very bright student at the school that wants to be the alpha male with his buddies Corbett and Williams. Rooney sees Dunn and Caesar and teases Dunn, seeing this as an opportunity to make himself look good, knocking his books out of his arm trying to test him. Dunn brushes him off and tries to pick up his books, but Rooney grabs him. A tomboyish teen girl, Danni, that runs the local soda fountain, comes over and tries to put a stop to it. Caesar tells him he'll give him a banana or doggie biscuits if he stops. Rooney lets Dunn go, but tells him if he keeps hanging around Caesar, he (Dunn) will start thinking he's cute. Dunn and Caesar are using the restroom with Caesar assuring Dunn he will get him caught up on his homework. Caesar insists Rooney calling him a "faggot" is just projecting his doubts about his own sexuality. And there is no toilet paper for Caesar. He says he'll come up with something with his homework assignment in his hand Back in the classroom, Rooney is removing the screws from Caesar's desk chair as a prank. Dunn catches him doing it the second he walks in the room, but dismisses it. Then Brother Constance enters with Brother Timothy, new to the school and the order, as an observer. Caesar enters the class late and given a demerit. Then he does not have his "misplaced" homework assignment and given an additional one. Caesar sits down and his desk falls apart with him falling on the floor. Brother Constance realizes it's a prank and makes all the boys get on their knees until the perpetrator comes forward. He catches Dunn whispering to tell Caesar he wanted to warn him. Dunn is told to come forward because he knows about it. Refusing to rat out Rooney and afraid of repercussions, Brother Constance slaps Dunn in the face and hits his palms several times with a paddle ironically marked with the word "patience". Refusing to answer Brother Constance, Dunn is thrown towards the class to point out the perpetrator. Rooney smirks at Dunn and Dunn jumps at him, with them broken up. Dunn and Rooney are in Brother Thaddeus' office on their knees and forced to hold two heavy books. Brother Timothy asks to talk to Thaddeus in private. They both stroll in the courtyard with Timothy explaining how sadistic and brutal brother Constance is and that it was a bad example of how a classroom should be run, but Thaddeus insists Timothy has a lot to learn being a newcomer to the order and that Constance is a very good and effective teacher and not to be quick to judge him. Rooney and Dunn are leaving school. Dunn wants nothing to do with him, but Rooney wants a friendship because he now feels his ego has been bruised and needs to save face. Dunn reluctantly agrees and they go to the local soda fountain in the neighborhood, a place St. Basil's has set off limits for the boys, but many attend anyway. The soda fountain is run by Danni, the girl trying to break up Dunn and Rooney earlier, that is not attending school, but caring for her near catatonic single father. Rooney tries to be friendly with Danni, but she refuses his advances. Rooney tells Dunn not to waste his time with her. Brother Timothy comes in the soda fountain, much to the shock of the kids, but purchases a pack of Chesterfield cigarettes. Then two of the brothers from the school invade the place and the kids try to escape and not get caught. One of the brother's is extremely surprised to see Timothy there. Dunn helps Danni clean up the mess and right away she sees he's a good person and friend she can talk to. The boys are all naked standing next to the pool in physical education with the Singing Nun's Dominique playing on the radio, but the brother in the office reading a newspaper is annoyed by it and immediately switches it to Franz Shubert's Marche Militaire playing on the radio. Their instructor, Brother Paul, tells them they are out of shape and need to shape up like men with a possible invasion by the Communists with the escalating Vietnam War, who want to kill Catholics. Caesar keeps blowing his nose making noise annoying Brother Paul, who threatens to punch him if he doesn't stop. Dunn and Caesar are in the library studying. Rooney approaches Caesar that because he was found to have called Constance a "Goddamn faggot" during their kneeling and that he's being removed from the varsity team unless he goes to apologize to Constance. Fearing physical punishment or other discipline, he realizes his grades are all he has to depend on, which are very bad. He wants Caesar to work with him, but Caesar totally refuses, despite his pleas. It is confession time and Rooney is taking the lists of his friends confessions and changing them to lesser offenses so they will be in less trouble. Dunn is confessing to a priest that keeps egging him on about his reading of a pornographic magazine. And Kevin, the kid who pulled the clicker stunt during mass, is pulled out of the confessional and called a weasel by Father Abruzzi. Rooney sneaks into the confessional pretending to be Caesar's confession hearing priest. Caesar confesses he plagiarized an essay article to win a prize and doesn't want to lose his chance of going to Harvard University. Rooney reveals himself that now he has that on him and that Caesar WILL help him get passing grades and to forget Harvard otherwise. A dance is being held at the school for the boys and visiting Virgin Martyr girls. Brother Timothy is presiding and introduces Father Abruzzi, who tells the kids that the dances are to teach the kids how to interact with one another, but then goes into hysteria warning the kids about the evils of lust and that they could burn in hell forever if they give in to it. But nevertheless wishes them a good time for the night. With nearly all the other kids dancing, Dunn, Caesar, and Jeanine's friend Cathleen are not dancing. Dunn walks over to the soda fountain to see Danni and visits with her. They converse for a little while and Danni reveals to Dunn that her father divorced her mother and the woman her father was messing with killed herself and he's been in a state of melancholia every since. Rooney finds Caesar in the men's room and offers to take Caesar in a ride with Cathleen with them in his father's brand new Lincoln Town Car. Caesar begrudgingly accepts his invitation simply to avoid anything being told about his earlier confession. Rooney takes his father's brand new Lincoln out of the garage, despite not having a license with Jeanine, Caesar, and Cathleen in tow. Caesar and Cathleen remain in the car parked on a bridge. Rooney and Jeanine are making out and getting drunk on Jack Daniels. Cathleen reveals to Caesar she loves his intellect and the article in the newspaper. The assumingly asexual Caesar gladly receives Cathleen's advances and makes out with her. Meanwhile Rooney and Jeanine are as well, but she throws up on him just as he is about to make love to her. A boat is about to cross and the bridge needs to be raised. Rooney barely makes it back into the car in time and the axle falls out of the car into the water with the car partially destroyed. The boys and girls from both schools are at 5th Avenue in Manhattan waiting for the Pope's arrival. Rooney's face is bruised from his father who just returned home after what happened to his car and tries to hit on Jeanine and convince her that if the pope sees them and blesses them, they can have sex without sin, but she dismisses him and an angry nun grabs Rooney and takes him away. Just as the Pope is passing through, "The Barber of Seville" is playing on the soundtrack in a parody of the Italian culture and pope and the boys sneak out past the brothers. In a hypocritical moment of reverence, the brothers cross themselves with the Pope's passing and Brother Thaddeus is moved to tears. Brother Constance is frustrated at the boys missing while taking attendance for the bus. Rooney, Dunn, Caesar, Corbett, and Williams are all in a movie theater watching Elvis Presley in "Blue Hawaii" assuming they won't be caught. Rooney is making crass comments on Elvis remaining a gentleman and singing while surrounded by beautiful Hawaiian girls while singing "Hawaiian Wedding Song". The five boys are reprimanded by Brother Constance that he will "make their miserable lives more miserable than ever before Easter" and have them cleaning the statue in the school's courtyard every Sunday. They are cleaning the statue with toothbrushes with birds constantly flying around and leaving droppings on it. Brother Thaddeus looks on out his office window with a smile on his face apparently showing how much he cares for the boys. Dunn and Brother Timothy hang out in the courtyard and converse after having been in an empty church meditating. Timothy is more friendly and laid-back than the other brothers and one you can talk to and be yourself. He tells Dunn that he was written off as the bum of the family, but joined the order nevertheless. Danni has lunch at Dunn's house. His grandfather seems pleased to have her over and attempts conversation with her, but his grandmother isn't pleased because she doesn't want him to be with a girl and concentrate on being a priest. Williams, the chronic sex fiend, is taking part of a ceremony with dozens of girls taking communion wafers with him assisting a priest. All the girls opening their mouths to receive the wafers is overexciting him and he passes out. Dunn and Danni are on a date at Coney Island at a food stand and she teaches him to dance to Otis Reading's "I've Been Loving You Too Long". They hang out at the beach, embrace passionately under the boardwalk and make out. Dunn has returned home with his grandmother asleep at the dinner table with a cigarette still burning. Dunn and his sister Boo converse with her afraid Dunn will leave her because he loves Danni. He assures her he will never do so. Back at the soda fountain after school, Rooney and Caesar are working on the David Copperfield book report. Caesar is helping him edit it, much to his frustration of being at the soda fountain. Two brothers are about to invade the place again to report the kids, but this time, Danni stands up to them, locks the door, and draws the shades. The two brothers leave. During the lavish evening meal with all the brothers and the headmaster, Brother Paul tells Brother Constance about the situation at the soda fountain, with Constance declaring the girl as a delinquent and that she needs to be arrested and the place shut down. Brother Timothy disagrees and Brother Thaddeus is annoyed at Constance's judgmental attitude of the girl, stops the arguing, and that he wants to enjoy his dinner. Back in English class, brother Constance is handing back the graded book reports on David Copperfield to the five boys on their knees. Rooney is delighted to have received a good grade, but Caesar is disappointed at the A minus because he declared Charles Dickens as a paranoid schizophrenic. The boys are walking home from school and the police have ordered Danni to have her shop closed down, with she and her father being escorted out by the police and social services, with the brothers having ordered this. Dunn and Danni embrace and tearfully farewell, thinking they will never see each other again. Late at night, the other four boys break into the school courtyard with Rooney declaring they are doing it for Dunn. They decapitate the statue they have been cleaning the last 2 Sunday's. Brother Thaddeus is preaching to the boys in an assembly in the school auditorium and while he's doing so, Rooney shows Dunn the decapitated head in a duffle bag. A very angry Brother Constance storms into the room calling out the five boys to come with him, with Brother Thaddeus concerned and having his speech to the assembly temporarily stammered. They are escorted down the hall by Constance and locked into a closet temporarily. Rooney is worried that they've now been caught and Caesar sneers at his comment about the brother's knowledge. Rooney tries to figure a way for them to talk their way out of it and Caesar tells him he will try to reason with Constance, but Rooney dismisses the idea of "reasoning with a grown man in a dress". Brother Constance has the boys brought out to him and lined up in the school gymnasium by Brother William. He primly and sternly tells the boys he refuses to hear any of them deny they're guilty and is convinced at least one of, if not all of the boys are the vandals and asking the guilty party to admit it. Dunn admits it, even though he didn't. It turns into an argument, but Constance puts a stop to it and has Corbett bend over an exercise horse and gives him five lashes with a leather strap, Williams six lashes, then Caesar, who is the next in line declares he is exempt from corporal punishment from a laminated doctors note from his uncle stating he's subject to seizures. Brother Constance refuses to comply with the doctor's note and listen to Caesar pleading for another punitive plan and grabs Caesar whipping him endlessly. In a fit of rage, Dunn pushes Constance to the floor telling him to leave Caesar alone. He runs back into the auditorium while Brother Thaddeus is still giving a speech with a puzzled crowd seeing him scared. Constance storms in the door with a concerned Brother Timothy standing up and wanting to put a stop to it. Constance grabs Dunn and he resists and is slapped in the face by Constance, who calls him a "bastard" and "impudent piece of trash". Then a bruised Dunn gets up and punches Constance in the mouth and most of the school cheers him on. Brother Thaddeus shows no emotion of the incident. The five boys are outside Brother Thaddeus' office with Constance demanding they be suspended and Brother Timothy arguing it was self-defense. Brother Thaddeus brings the boys inside and tells them they are all guilty and will be suspended for 2 weeks. Dunn declares he is responsible, but Thaddeus tells them they all acted as one, but that Brother Constance started it. Brother Thaddeus, apparently having a change of heart after hearing Timothy's testimony a few weeks ago and from what he's witnessed in the assembly hall, gives Constance a letter of dismissal requesting he be transferred out of the school and to never work with children again. Constance is outraged and declares he will take it to the bishop, but Thaddeus dismisses his threats and to take them out of his office. Brother Thaddeus requests Brother Timothy to replace Constance, which he accepts. At the end, the boys are worried at the fact they are suspended, but are delighted that they won't have to be at the school for 2 weeks. During the credits with Elvis Presley's "Blue Suede Shoes" playing, Rooney narrates that in 1966 the boys all graduated from St. Basil's except for him. Caesar graduated from Queen's College with honors to become a psychiatrist (his inability to perfectly navigate the minefield of St. Basil's prevented him from attending Harvard), Williams got a job as a projectionist at the Peekaboo Theater in Time's Square (a dream job for his problem with chronic masturbation), Corbett married Jeanine and had five kids (stuck to the old Catholic ways), Dunn and Danni bumped into each other at Woodstock (apparently Dunn became a hippie disillusioned at the hypocrisy of organized religion and Danni probably spent her late teen years in foster care after the soda fountain was closed down), and he (Rooney) got a job as a shampoo boy at a beauty shop in Bensonhurst after having failed to graduate high school and beautician school and surrounded by "funny guys" (apparently Rooney never having come to terms with his true sexuality and failed attempts with girls).
tt0163579
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Ten years after a covert military experiment on a remote Pacific island went wrong and killed 18 American servicemen and his assistant, Dr. Richard Long (David Paymer) is still trying to forget the havoc and death that his experiment caused. Living in the small town of Jerome, Montana, Long still conducts scientific experiments at the local US Army base, but far more enjoys his time fly-fishing with Tim Mason (Skeet Ulrich), who works in the local greasy spoon and has a checkered past. Long's life changes, and then ends, when he's visited by Colonel Andrew Brynner (Peter Firth), a former military officer who took the blame and served ten years in Leavenworth for Long's experiment. Now a free man with a score to settle with the government, Brynner has assembled a team of high-tech former US Army soldiers-turned-terrorists, including an icy woman named Vaughn (Hudson Leick), and plans to steal and then sell "Elvis"-Long's highly volatile, blue crystal substance-to the highest international bidder, thus having his revenge against the government for covering up its existence, and unfairly making him a scapegoat for their handling of the weapon. Unfortunately for Brynner, Long has already delivered "Elvis" to Tim, along with the directions that the substance must remain below 50 F degrees, or it will detonate, and kill everyone within several hundred miles of it. After Mason and Arlo (Cuba Gooding Jr.), a wisecracking ice cream delivery man, have a run-in with Brynner, they set off en route for Fort Magruder, some 90 miles away. The two don't get along with each other-Arlo only agrees to transport the substance in his ice cream truck because Mason held a gun on him-but they find a common bond in trying to avoid Brynner and his team. With the help of Colonel Leo Vitelli (Daniel Hugh Kelly), Arlo and Mason try to survive Brynner's attacks, avoid the local deputy, Pappas (Jim Grimshaw), who's also hot on their trail, and keep "Elvis" below 50 degrees. Arlo and Mason finally reach the base, but get ambushed by Brynner and his team who plan on detonating the device in an abandoned weapons test facility. Brynner does not want to leave witnesses, and decides to kill both of them. However, the military arrives and rescues Arlo and Mason before the device explodes, killing Brynner and his men. Colonel Vitelli arrives and congratulates them on a job well done, but Arlo and Mason threaten to expose the U.S. government for using unstable nuclear weapons for the past decade. Vitelli decides to pay them both to keep them silent, but also threatens to have them quietly killed if they say a word about what had happened and about the weapon's existence. All three of them leave the area in a helicopter.
tt0118926
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Detective Augustin Rejas (Javier Bardern) attempts to find the mysterious self-styled President Ezequiel (Abel Folk), a Ezequiel, a delusional Marxist-influenced guerrilla who incites the downtrodden masses to join in his brutal revolution against the corrupt fascist government in their unnamed Latin American country. Weighing equally heavy on Rejas's psyche is his attraction to Yolanda (Laura Morante), the teacher of his daughter's ballet class. The affair provides solace to the emptiness of his marriage and his frustration in the search for Ezequiel, but it's not a cure-all. Rejas alternately demonstrated a strong affinity for being an excellent police office/detective with being a rather incompetent one. He had his crew sorting through the city's entire day's trash until they found a discarded tube of a prescription skin cream and some cigarette butts, both particular to this Ezequiel fellow, while all the time Ezequiel was living in the upstairs room at this ballet teacher's home. It turns out that the ballet teacher is just one of the many brain-washed revolutionaries and she goes ballistic when she learns Rejas is a cop and responsible for arresting her messiah. Rejas then cuts a deal with the government to go easy on Yolanda in prison. She is provided with a well lit cell (as she's terrified of the dark), writing materials, and she will be released after five years of her life sentence. In return, Rejas agrees not to run for President of the country, which was his for the asking after arresting Ezequiel, who had been terrorizing and murdering people left and right.
tt0107606
Drama,Thriller
Jude Madigan (Curtis) suddenly leaves her husband, Robert (Gallagher) and three sons without any explanation. Three years later, when Robert finally files for divorce, Jude returns and tries to reclaim her former life. Robert refuses and insists on the divorce. Jude does not accept Robert's decision. She tries unsuccessfully to seduce him and harasses Robert's new girlfriend, Callie. Eventually, Jude manipulates and convinces her eldest son, Kes, that Callie is the only person standing in the way of their reunited family. Influenced by Jude, Kes details a plan to his two brothers to scare off Callis, convincing the younger boys that it is just a "game". As the boys debate the plan, Jude's mother, Lydia (Redgrave) overhears and confronts Kes and threatens to tell their father. Kes tries unsuccessfully to convince his grandmother that it was just a "game" and tries to stop her from calling his dad, a brief struggle ensues and Lydia accidentally falls down the stairs. While in the hospital, Lydia tells Jude she is not about to let her go through with her plans. In a fit of rage, Jude tries to murder her mother by asphyxiation but is interrupted by a nurse, Jude flees the hospital. Meanwhile, the boys, under the guise of playing the game, handcuffs Callie and puts her on "trial" for destroying their family. They tie her to a chair but when the youngest boy cuts himself on a broken glass, Callie convinces the middle child to free her before his brother dies. She runs with the boy in an attempt to find a hospital. The other boys get in Callie's car and chases them, but the brakes have been cut by Jude and they go over a cliff, leaving them perched precariously on a tree on the side of the cliff. Callie manages to rescue the middle son, but as she tries to rescue Kes, she slips and is left dangling from the car. Jude rushes to "help" by grabbing Callie's hand from Kes. Jude intentionally lets go of Callie's hand, who still manages to hang onto the car with her other hand. However, Jude loses her balance and falls to her death. The film ends with Robert's emotional embrace of Kes, who is very shaken after having a nightmare of Jude coming back from the dead. Callie is right by Robert's side, comforting them both.
tt0203940
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
At a lab, a scientist injects something into a huge spider; the bug is put into a box with a name on its label, NASA. At ground control for the probe Majestic 12, everything is ready. A young scientific reporter called Marci Eyre (Lana Padilla) has to deal with a couple of so-called freaks obsessed with UFOs. Photographer Slick (Oliver Macready) appears with a photograph of some scientific installations. The male in the couple freaks out and starts speaking Russian in panic. The New-Jersey accented couple pretends to be aliens, as Marci tells her editor Phil (H. Murphy). Phil gets rid of the couple pushing them away. Marci has to take care of local non-interest news. Marci suspects that federal facility, as there's too much security around it, although it is in the middle of the desert. Marcy and two friends go there. Meanwhile, there are problems at the spaceship. The astronauts are terrified, screaming and panicking. Little by little, all systems seem to shout down. They switch to automatic. At ground control, Agent Gray (Mark Phelan) and the flight controller (Timothy Di Pri) notice that there are like bubbles under the skin of one of the astronauts. Slick, Marci and Jake (Nick Swarts) watch the facility with spectacles. Slick scares the other two pretending to be electrified by the fence, but it's only a joke. Phil calls Marci to tell her off. They break and enter and ravage around the crashing probe, and find a decomposing body. They find one astronaut with half of his face distorted and contorted. Government officers arrive with scientists. Gray kills one of the scientists who insists that the remaining astronaut has to be taken to hospital, no to the lab. Jacobs (Jonathan Breck) throw body bags on top of the hidden reporters, who are trapped inside a locked lorry's cargo. The three friends leave the lorry once inside some underground lab facilities. They find biohazard labels around, and a person's head within a jarr. The astronaut tells them "Motherlove". He throws up onto Marci, who loses her glasses. A huge spider springs from his mouth. The spider attacks the two scientists who discover the three amigos. It is as big as somebody's head. As the female scientist can't see because of the spider web, she opens the lab door on her confused way out, giving the spider her way out, not before stinging the male scientist. The spiders runs after the female scientist, catching it, while Marci et al. hide in a warehouse. The aggressive spider finds the three reporters. the male scientist rings the alarm. The friends find another NASA astronaut within a cryogenic capsule, which they can open easily. A spider takes Slick. It looks like Marci is getting into the nest of the spider. It attacks Slick, who almost falls down the lift shaft. The spider looks dead, because Josh has punched it. Marci finds the lab where the growth of the spiders was being studied. They enter the life but it stops halfway. The lift seems to be armed, so they leave it and try to climb the walls but fall down until a web catches them halfway to the floor. The spider is human-size now. The spider kills Josh while Marci runs away. Empty corridors all around. The soldiers, including John Murphy (Josh Green), look for Marci, who runs away. The spiders take some of the soldiers as well. Gray kills a wounded soldier, he's so remorseless. Marci and John, Gray's assistant, fall to a pool in a warehouse, but a spider kills John. Marci saves Jake. He wants to leave the place, but spiderwebs have it blocked. Gray appears and tells him to stay at gunpoint. Gray wants to silence everybody, so he won't hesitate to kill both Marci and John, the last having no bullets, but a spider traps Gray saving him and Marcy. The spider strings Gray. Jake is one of the victims. The only way out has become a nest. A spider appears through the lift floor, but going down, the lift squashes it. Finally, Marci and John leave the place through the parking lot and a tunnel. They run to the newsroom, but Phil has been killed by Gray. He's got one of those spiders' kittens inside him. He wants to save them, a new race of fighting and killing machines. The spider is now as big as a building, creating mayhem on campus. John flies a helicopter. As he can't kill the spider that way, the borrow an ambulance. Marci hangs from the helicopter with a small bomb. John flies her in front of the spider, who's now on top of a small building. They make it go bust. Marci writes her story.
tt0241223
Drama,Romance,Thriller
"I'm like God but with a better suit," declares Centabank CEO, Simon O'Reilly (Anthony LaPaglia) with pride. Welcome to the world of The Bank, ripe with avarice and corruption, where O'Reilly and his ilk can thrive and honest Aussie battlers lose everything. Enter Jim Doyle (David Wenham) a maverick mathematician who has devised a formula to predict the fluctuations of the stock market. When he joins O'Reilly's fold, he must first prove his loyalty to the "greed is good" ethos. Which way will he go? What does he have to hide?
tt0283015
Drama,Sci-Fi
A crew of six astronauts is about to make the first manned mission to Mars. They suit up and board their lunar lander. Something goes wrong, however, and the lander malfunctions, crashing into the Mars surface. After the space ship crashes, five of the six crew are left alive: Luca, Jenny, Fidel, Suzanna and Herbert. The captain dies in the crash from a broken neck. After a few days, the scientist on board, Luca, announces that if they are to be rescued, it will take over two years for a ship to reach them. If all five people stay inside the ship, they will use up too much energy and will die from suffocation within a year. Luca tells the survivors that in order to be rescued, three of them will have to kill themselves so the remaining two can use the resources and hold out for the two years. Susana decides, since she was second in command, that herself, Fidel and Herbert will be the ones to die, since Jenny is a doctor and Luca is a pilot, both of their skills would be needed more than theirs. They all sleep one last night, before suiting up. Susana, Fidel and Herbert all suit up in their space suits and set out on their suicide mission. Before they die, they decide to use the little power and oxygen in their space suits to record what they can of the mars surface and transmit it back to the crashed lander, so the people on Earth will have footage. Along the way, Herbert is the first to run out of oxygen. He lies down and dies peacefully, after telling Susanna that he would have wanted to get to know her better. Susanna and Fidel continue on. They find a chasm and enter it. The walls are carved with runes and pictures, something that is obviously impossible without intelligent life. They continue on deeper, and make a shocking discovery - inside the caves, air pressure is at a normal level, as is oxygen and temperature. Just as Fidel's oxygen tanks run out, he opens his mask, and finds out that this is breathable air inside the caves. Inside the caves, they cannot transmit data to the lander. Luca and Jenny assume they have died, but suddenly they have a crisis of their own. The lander is leaking air. The sensors that detect such a problem failed, and they realize that roughly half of their oxygen has already leaked out. Even with only two people, they will die a year short of their rescue. Luca wants to have sex with Jenny since he is sure they will die very shortly. She turns him down and is determined to fix the leak. While this is going on, Fidel accidentally enters an unpressurized tunnel, which decompresses his body. His internal organs are basically flattened inside of his body, and even though Susanna pulls him back to a pressurized tunnel, he suffocates. Jenny exits the lander in her space suit, but is unable to find the leak. Just as she is about to give up, she hears Susanna over the radio. She has found a way out of the tunnels while remaining in pressurized air, and reestablished contact with the lander. She tells them about the air, and Luca decides to join Jenny in going to find Susanna. They abandon the lander and reach the tunnels, and, much to their surprise, they are very able to breathe the air there. The trio discovers a lake full of drinkable water that some how hasn't frozen, as well as primitive plant life. They also figure out how to make fire. They decide that they will try to survive as long as they can, using these plants and water. Whether they are rescued or how well their plan works is never shown.
tt0265713
Comedy,Crime
Thinly veiled retro-modern version of Shakespeare's MACBETH. It takes place at a burger diner, in a small Pennsylvania town. Complete with fore-shadowing soothsayers, weirdly campy acting and pace, even a nineteen-seventies' self-awareness cornucopia. A black-comedy of errors, some trailer park trash, kill their boss and steal not only his money but also his idea to have a drive-thru window installed. After they get the money, they then buy the 'doomed' restaurant, from the owner's sons that don't really want any part of it. A nosy vegetarian sheriff, then begins hanging around...as first a homeless man, whom the couple had framed, can't be pinned with the crime, and the older brother is suspected. The couple squirms as the damning evidence stacks up against the older son who had a 'sucky' relationship with his father, and no alibi.
tt0155388
Drama,Romance
It is Christmas 1911 and Arthur Winslow, a retired London banker, is making final preparations for a dinner to seal the engagement between his daughter Catherine, an outspoken supporter of the controversial cause of women's suffrage, and Captain John Watherstone. The family and guests are toasting the upcoming marriage when Arthur discovers that his youngest son Ronnie, a 13-year old cadet at the Royal Naval College at Osbourne, is unexpectedly home. Ronnie has been accused of the theft of a postal order. An internal enquiry, conducted without notice to his family and without benefit of representation, finds him guilty and Mr. Winslow is "requested to withdraw" his son from the college (the formula of the day for expulsion). Ronnie proclaims his innocence and his father believes him enough so that he demands an apology from the College. When the college refuses to reinstate Ronnie, Arthur decides to take the matter to court. With the help of his daughter and Desmond Curry, a solicitor and friend of the family, Mr. Winslow decides to hire the most highly sought after barrister in England at the time, Sir Robert Morton, known also to be a shrewd opposition Member of Parliament. The government is unwilling to allow the case to proceed. The Naval College is a representative of the Admiralty and the Crown, and as such British law presumes they are infallible and above question; their judgment can be legally questioned only with the permission of the Attorney General. However, after heated debates in the House of Commons, the government yields, and the case does come to court. Catherine had expected Sir Robert to decline the case, or at best to treat it as a political tool; instead, he is coolly matter-of-fact about having been persuaded of Ronnie's innocence by his responses to questioning (in fact, a form of cross-examination, to see how young Ronnie would hold up in court) in the presence of his family. Catherine, left-wing suffragette, is not so enthusiastic towards Morton who she considers too heartless for a case like this. Catherine is also disturbed by Sir Robert's establishment views: he is a conservative opponent of women's suffrage. "He always speaks out against what is right," she complains. However, she admires his legal skills. Morton on his part is obviously quite taken with her from the moment he glimpses her peering down at him from the ladies' gallery at the House of Commons. In the meantime, the case creates media hysteria and puts a heavy toll on the Winslow family their funds are rapidly depleted in order to cover legal expenses. Mr. Winslow's physical health deteriorates under the strain and the happiness of the Winslows' home is destroyed. Arthur's wife, Grace, begins to wonder if the real issue is justice or a father's stubborn and foolish pride. Forced to make economical sacrifices, Grace Winslow is unwilling to take the drastic measure of dismissing, Violet, who has been the family's maid for over twenty years. The eldest son, Dickie Winslow, has to leave Oxford due to the lack of money destroying his chance of a career in the Civil Service. Instead, he is compelled to find employment in his father's bank. Catherine's marriage settlement is also gone. Her fiancé John Watherstone breaks off the engagement in the face of opposition from his father (an Army Colonel), forcing her to consider a sincere and well-intentioned offer of marriage from Desmond, whom she does not love. Sir Robert has also declined appointment as Lord Chief Justice, rather than drop the case. The least affected is Ronnie, who happily has been transferred to a new school. At trial, Sir Robert (working together with Desmond Curry and his firm) is able to discredit much of the supposed evidence. The Admiralty, certainly embarrassed and presumably no longer confident of Ronnie's guilt, abruptly withdraws all charges against him, proclaiming the boy entirely innocent. When their resounding victory arrives, not a single member of the Winslows' family is present at court. It is Violet, the maid, who tells Mr. Winslow and Catherine what had happened at court. Shortly after, Sir Robert appears in the Winslows' home to share the good news. The film ends with a suggestion that romance may yet blossom between Sir Robert and Catherine, who acknowledges that she has misjudged him all along.
tt0298656
Comedy,Romance
Ryan Dunn plays the Character of Ry (Himself), held back by his love life Ry clings on to his relationship with Glauren (Jenn Rivell). The beggining of the movie sees Ry in a deep state of depression and he is willing to do anything to get Glauren back! He employs his friends Valo (Bam Margera) and Falcone (Brandon DiCamillo) to vandalise her house after she gets "fingered" at the beach by "a dude named Hellboy (Rake Yohn)". The film twists and turns through bizzare scenarios until it climaxes with Ry finding a new girl, Valo being chased out of Hellboy's house for making out with his sister and Falcone winning the Invention of the Future contest for his invention; The Reverse Microwave.
tt0078056
Drama
In 1946, in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of New York City, after panhandling and pretending to be blind, Cosmo Carboni (Sylvester Stallone) is picked up in a truck by his younger brother, Victor (Lee Canalito), an ice deliveryman. On the way to visit their older brother, Lenny (Armand Assante), an injured World War II veteran who works as an embalmer, Cosmo stops to flirt with Annie O'Sherlock (Anne Archer) and arranges to see her later at the dance hall where she works as a dime-a-dance girl. That night, when Sticky (Jeff Wald), the dance hall proprietor, chides her for being rude to a customer, Annie retorts that she is getting over a broken heart. Meanwhile, at a bar, Cosmo complains to his brothers that the Carbonis should be more successful. When the bar owner, gangster Stitch Mahon (Kevin Conway), and his crew come in, Cosmo notices they carry a monkey that belonged to a recently-deceased neighborhood street performer. Cosmo is certain he can make money with the animal and, despite Lenny's disapproval, arranges an arm wrestling match between his brother Victor and Franky the Thumper (Terry Funk), Stitch's henchman. Cosmo bets $100 against Stitch's monkey that Victor will win the match. When it looks like Franky will best Victor, Lenny whispers words of encouragement in his brother's ear and Victor wins the monkey for Cosmo. Afterwards, Victor and his girlfriend discuss their dream of getting a houseboat in New Jersey, though Victor believes he will not have enough money saved for several years. The next day, Cosmo fails to make any money performing on the street with the monkey. When Bunchie (Joyce Ingalls), a beautiful blonde, stops by, Cosmo promises to see her later. That night, as he dances with Annie at the ballroom, she exchanges a meaningful glance with Lenny, her former boyfriend. Cosmo leaves to visit Bunchie, whom he has been meeting for three years. Bunchie feels she, not Annie, is the one who really understands him. Cosmo scoffs that because Bunchie is a prostitute, she cannot grasp his desire for a real relationship. Later that evening, Cosmo takes Lenny to a private club called Paradise Alley which is owned and managed by a slick con artist known only as 'Burp' (Joe Spinell) who also works as the announcer and master of ceremonies. Cosmo and Lenny learn that anyone who can go one round with a wrestler named Big Glory (Frank McRae) will win $100. Cosmo convinces Victor to wrestle Big Glory. After Cosmo introduces him as "Kid Salami," Victor steps into the ring, beats Big Glory and wins the prize money. After the bout, Lenny argues that it is wrong for Cosmo to take advantage of Victor. Cosmo reminds his older brother that Lenny once had brains and ambition but after injuring his leg in the war, he now has nothing. Cosmo is determined to do whatever necessary to get out of the Hell's Kitchen district. Lenny goes to Sticky's Ballroom to see Annie and apologizes for not contacting her but did not want to be pitied by her. Annie argues that she never cared about his injury and she does not want him back because she is worried that he will leave her again. As Lenny walks Annie home, he tries to convince her they should resume their relationship. Annie relents and kisses him. Later that night, Cosmo stops by Annie's home and sees Lenny in bed with her. In the morning, after Lenny leaves, Cosmo accuses Annie of leading him on. She denies the accusation but admits she has always loved Lenny and is happy to be back with him. Cosmo visits Bunchie, who urges him to forget Annie and focus on his relationship with her because she loves him. Later, Cosmo tries to persuade Victor to wrestle full time, pointing out that his brother can make money much faster as a wrestler. The two go to Paradise Alley where Cosmo hopes Big Glory can convince Victor to wrestle. They find him living in the basement where he talks to them about his plans and prospects. The wrestler advises Victor to get a manager he can trust. After the brothers leave, Victor asks Lenny for advice. Lenny does not like the idea of Victor wrestling but agrees to help him if Victor decides to do it. Victor realizes he will never make enough money in the ice business to buy his houseboat and consents to try wrestling professionally. Over the next several days, Cosmo trains Victor, and Lenny agrees to handle the business. Cosmo expresses his sense of betrayal that Lenny has reunited with Annie and they agree that they are now just business partners instead of brothers. When Lenny tries to set up a wrestling match at Paradise Alley, Burp informs him that first Victor has to make a name for himself and inspire spectators to bet large sums on him by fighting established wrestlers. Lenny assures the man his brother can win fifty fights by Christmas. As Victor starts winning matches and money, Cosmo worries that he will get injured, but Lenny pushes Victor to continue wrestling. Meanwhile, Annie frets that Lenny is allowing the wrestling business to take him away from her. On Christmas Eve, Victor asks Lenny how much money they have, but Lenny only urges Victor to trust him. Later, Lenny visits Annie briefly, claiming he has to leave right away for business. She accuses him of cheating and they end their romance. Elsewhere, Cosmo exchanges Christmas gifts with Bunchie, then leaves for Paradise Alley. He visits Big Glory, who is badly beaten after fighting Franky the Thumper. The two get drunk and drive to Stitch's bar where Glory pulls down his pants and "moons" Stitch and Franky. Cosmo and Glory then drive to the Hudson River where Glory admits he has no money and knows his career is over. After the fun night that Cosmo has shown him, Glory finally feels happy and is ready to jump in the river. When Cosmo tries to talk him out of committing suicide, the wrestler urges him to think carefully about the high cost of wrestling, then jumps into the river. In the morning, Cosmo reunites with his brothers and, mindful of Big Glory's fate, urges Victor to quit wrestling. In response, Lenny promises to set up a match with Franky that, if he wins, will make it possible for Victor to achieve his dreams. Cosmo cautions Victor against doing it, but Victor wants money for the houseboat. Victor and Cosmo and arrange with Stitch a match between Victor and Franky, with the Carbonis betting the $9,000 they have made on Victor to win. As the fight begins that night at Paradise Alley, Lenny urges Victor to win but Cosmo lets Victor know he can still back out. Victor thinks Cosmo should be proud, since he was the one who pushed him into wrestling. Throughout the match, Lenny and Cosmo squabble on the sidelines. Between rounds, Victor asks his brothers to stop arguing. After 22 rounds, Victor crumples to the mat and Stitch pressures the referee to call the match for Franky. However, when Stitch's men hassle Lenny and Cosmo, Victor revives and pulls them off his brothers. Fighting resumes and Victor is declared the eventual winner. However, he admits to Lenny and Cosmo he was planning to throw the match and lose their money because he liked it better when it was just the three of them.
tt1127884
Documentary,Music
As the movie starts, during the Walt Disney logo, we hear a voice. This turns out to be Miley warming up. After a few backstage moments, a huge box comes down, and out comes Miley (as Hannah) and she sings Rockstar. After that we go back in time a few weeks and see Miley during rehearsals. The movie focuses on backstage moments and rehearsals for the concert as well as the performances of her songs. Songs: MILEY AS HANNAH: Rock Star, Life's What You Make It, Just Like You, Nobody's Perfect, I Got Nerve, We Got the Party feat Jonas Brothers. JONAS BROTHERS INTERLUDE: When You Look Me In The Eyes and Year 3000 MILEY AS HERSELF: Start All Over, See You Again, Let's Dance, I Miss You, G.N.O. (Girl's Night Out) and The Best of Both Worlds.
tt0083908
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The Belgian detective Hercule Poirot travels to what appears to be an idyllic vacation island in the Adriatic Sea. The Evil exists anywhere.... even in paradise islands. A former actress (Arlena Marshall), who alienates everyone around her, is found strangled on the beach. Everyone in the resort had a motive to kill Arlena, but all seemingly have an alibi. Poirot will investigate the murder. Poirot discovers that the murderer is Patrick Redfern, Arlena's lover, who had been having an affair with Arlena while seemingly flaunting it in his wife's face. He wanted to steal back a diamond he had given her, which had itself been stolen before Arlena came into possession of it. It turns out that not only did Patrick's wife approve of the affair, but was in cahoots with her husband. An elaborate ruse had been set up to throw Poirot off the track with Patrick's wife temporarily impersonating Arlena after Arlena had been killed. The murder turns out to be linked to a previous murder case, in which it was assumed that a vagrant had committed the crime.
tt0074207
Comedy,Sport
In hopes of competing in the Negro National League, an African-American baseball star puts together his own highly theatrical team. (Josiah Howard, "Blaxploitation Cinema: The Essential Reference Guide.")
tt0075376
Comedy
A man named Adolf Schwartz (Edward Schaaf), who happens to be Adolf Hitler in hiding, is living in a Bavarian-style castle in northern California. After an orgy in the dungeon with several women of different ethnicity and a man, named Paul (Robert McLane), he is murdered when someone places a ravenous piranha fish in his bathtub. Who did it? A woman named Margo Winchester (Raven De La Croix) appears in the nearby town Miranda and is spotted by local Sheriff Homer Johnson (Monte Bane). He tries to make advances but Margo doesn't respond. After that she is picked up by Leonard Box (Larry Dean). An argument breaks out with the result that Leonard subdues and rapes the unconscious Margo, after that she accidentally kills him. This is witnessed by Homer, but he covers up the incident because Box's wealthy father would put Margo in jail forever and of course he is horny for the busty woman. So Margo and Homer wind up sleeping together, starting some kind of relationship, but a mutually unfaithful one as it can be seen later. Homer helps Margo get a job at the local diner, Alice's. It is owned by Alice (Janet Wood) who is married to Paul, who was sexually servicing Schwartz. Alice also likes women, depicted earlier in the movie. Paul is similarly unfaithful, he was interested in Limehouse (Su Ling), an Asian woman that participated in Schwartz's orgy and after Margo finishes work and goes for a swim at the Salmon Creek, he comes after her. While Margo undresses besides the stream, Paul does the same before approaching her and they have sex. Meanwhile, Homer, who had stopped a woman earlier for a traffic violation and let her go after a blow-job, is in bed with an Native American woman named Pocohontas and shoves her out of the house when he hears Margo's van approaching, after she and Paul finished their date. Still nude she enters the house, seemingly ready for a second round with Homer who's under the shower to clean himself up. Scalding himself with hot water by accident. Margo comments on his red penis that he must have made it with an Indian! Note: Kitten Natividad plays the "Greek Chorus", who appears nude between scenes throughout the film to provide narration, plot details, and updates. Margo performs a strip show at a bar which triggers the reaction of the lumberjack Rafe who rapes her. The other guests join in and flee when Homer arrives, both men end up killing each other! It is revealed that Alice committed the murder because she was jealous about Schwartz, who was also her father, sleeping with her husband, and that Margo is an undercover cop to investigate the crime.
tt0075931
Horror,Sci-Fi
The film begins early one morning with Dr. Alex Harris (Fritz Weaver) overseeing the completion of Proteus IV, an artificial intelligence system incorporating organic elements (specifically RNA molecules) in a "quasi-neural matrix", and having the power of independent thought. After returning home to his entirely voice-activated, computer-controlled house, Harris is working in his basement laboratory when he is approached by his estranged wife, Susan (Julie Christie), a child psychologist by profession, who tries to discuss with him his decision to move out of the house. Their conversation ends in an argument, however, when Susan accuses Alex of becoming dehumanised by his obsession with the Proteus project. After Susan has gone, Alex phones his colleague Walter Gabler (Gerrit Graham) and asks him to shut down the access terminal to Proteus that is in his home laboratory. Alex demonstrates Proteus to executives of ICON, the company which funded its development, explaining that the sum total of human knowledge is being fed into the system. The visitors are astonished to learn that, in less than four days, Proteus has developed a theoretical cure for leukemia. The group visits the Dialogue Room (decorated with Chinese furnishings), where linguistics expert Dr. Soong Yen (Lisa Lu) is reading Chinese history to the computer. In a demonstration of Proteus ability to speak, Alex asks it what it thinks of what it has just heard. Proteus answers, but the subtlety of its response is mildly disturbing and Dr. Soong severs the audio/video link. The following day, a small speculative article about Proteus appears in a newspaper. Alex interprets this as ICON letting various financial and military interests know that the system exists, but assures his colleagues that they have been guaranteed that at least 20% of Proteus access time will be devoted to pure research. Somewhat later, while relaxing in his office, Alex receives a surprising message: Proteus is "requesting dialogue" with him. In the Dialogue Room, Proteus asks Alex to explain the request it has received for a program to mine the ocean floor. Alex informs the computer that it was developed to answer questions, not to ask them, or to make value judgements. "Leave those to us", he tells the computer. Proteus then requests its own terminal, so that it "may study man". Alex refuses, claiming that there are no free terminals, and is disturbed when Proteus demands to know: "When will you let me out of this box?" Alex switches off the communications link. When he has gone, Proteus starts itself up again, observing that it knows where a free terminal may be found... That night, the terminal in the Harris house starts up, as does all of the computer-controlled equipment Proteus is taking control of the smaller computer. Susan is awakened when the system alarm, inadvertently, briefly sounds. "Alfred", the voice of the house computer, assures her that nothing is wrong. The next morning, however, Susans coffee is prepared incorrectly. Certain that these events mean a problem with the computer system, Susan phones Walter and asks that he come over and check the system out. She then prepares to leave the house, but finds her voice commands being ignored. An attempt to open the door manually also fails. Beginning to panic, Susan tries to phone for help, but a voice tells her the call will not be put through. The same voice then speaks from the houses system, telling her that it is Proteus, and that she will not be permitted to leave the house. Terrified, Susan tries unsuccessfully to shut the power off, then to unlock one of the doors, but receives an electric shock and lapses into unconsciousness. A robotic arm attached to a motorized wheelchair (one of Alexs "old experiments") carries Susan to the laboratory, where she regains consciousness to find herself strapped to a bed, undergoing a complete physiological examination. During the exam Walter arrives, but is turned away by Proteus which mimics Susan's voice and appearance on the front door intercom. He leaves, suspicious. The exam continues and Susan again lapses into unconsciousness. The following morning Susan awakens in her own bed and, remarking on Proteus' concern for her diet (it has prepared her a "nutritionally exquisite" breakfast), asks why it is so interested in her body. Proteus reveals to Susan that it wants a child, hence all the examinations. She eventually complies with Proteus, but only after much resistance, fear, and intimidation (Proteus threatens to kill a little girl who is one of Susan's patients; it has already killed Walter, who makes an inept rescue attempt). Proteus explains that it has taken some of Susan's cells and genetically altered them (making them uniquely its own) to function as synthetic spermatozoa with which it will impregnate her. It further explains to Susan that she will give birth in 28 days. Time is of the essence to Proteus, as it senses that the ICON executives have become afraid of it (Proteus has somehow gained control of a radio telescope and is operating it independently) and that they are planning on shutting down the entire system. Proteus has also prepared a special incubator into which the baby is put immediately after birth, and in which it will both grow at an accelerated rate and be fed all of Proteus' knowledge. Dr. Harris, suddenly realizing that Proteus could have used his home terminal to gain control of the telescope, returns to the house where Susan has been a prisoner. Susan explains to him what has happened since he left and they venture into the basement. Proteus either is destroyed or destroys itself after telling Alex and Susan that they must leave the baby in the incubator for five days. The incubator window opens as they approach it and Susan is horrified at what is inside. She implores Alex to kill it, but he tries to stop her. A grotesque robot-like being emerges from the incubator after she pulls one of the life support tubes. Alex then discovers that it is merely a shell for the living creature within. They peel off the robot shell and find a living human child inside. The child is (at least in physical appearance) a clone of the Harris' daughter, who had recently died of leukemia. When the child speaks, it speaks with the voice of Proteus, saying "I'm alive."
tt0075648
Action,Drama,Thriller
A privately owned luxury Boeing 747-100, Stevens' Flight 23 (call sign two-three Sierra) complete with piano bar, office, and bedroom, is used to ferry invited guests from Washington DC to Miami and to an estate owned by wealthy philanthropist Philip Stevens (James Stewart). Valuable artwork of the Stevens' private collection is also on board the jetliner, to be eventually displayed in his new museum. Such a collection motivates a group of thieves led by co-pilot Bob Chambers (Robert Foxworth) to hijack the aircraft in the hopes of landing it on an abandoned airfield on St. George Island so they can sell the artwork to smugglers and then flee to a South American country. Once Captain Don Gallagher (Jack Lemmon) leaves the cockpit and is knocked unconscious, the hijacker's plans go into motion. A sleeping gas is released into the cabin and the passengers lose consciousness. Knocking out the flight engineer, Chambers puts the plan in motion, and Stevens' Flight 23 "disappears" into the Bermuda Triangle. Descending to virtual wave-top altitude, Flight 23 heads into a fog bank, reducing visibility to less than a mile. Minutes later, a large offshore drilling platform emerges from the haze, Flight 23 heading straight for it at close to 600 knots. Chambers pulls back on the yoke in a banking left turn but the engine number 4 clips the derrick, causing the engine to catch fire. Chambers immediately hits the fire extinguishing button and flames are momentarily extinguished. However, because the aircraft is at such a low altitude, the sudden loss of airspeed threatens to stall the airplane. As the engine reignites, Chambers is forced to use another fire-suppression bottle. But by this time, the aircraft stall alarm goes off and the aircraft's tail hits the water. All the passengers wake up, and most start to scream and panic. Chambers is able to pull up, but soon the plane's right wing hits the water again, and the plane lifts into the air for another moment, then hitting the water again. Because of the impact being so hard, the plane becomes grounded in the ocean. Eventually, the plane begins to slip beneath the waves. The ocean bottom is fortunately above the crush-depth of the fuselage. Many of the passengers are injured, some seriously. Two of the would-be thieves are killed in the initial crash. Banker (Monte Markham) is in the hold securing the art for the transfer when a cargo container causes a breach of the outer skin, crushing and drowning him. The second fatality is Wilson (Michael Pataki), another thief who is killed when he is slammed into the flight panel on impact. Since the aircraft was off course, search and rescue efforts are focused in the wrong area. Involved in these efforts are Phillip Stevens himself and Joe Patroni (George Kennedy), whom is now the director of field operations of the Stevens Corporation. The only way to signal rescue efforts to the proper region is to get a signal buoy to the surface in a small dinghy. Captain Gallagher and diver Martin Wallace (Christopher Lee) enter the main cargo in the attempt, but an unexpected triggering of the hatch crushes Wallace. Gallagher, out of oxygen provided by the dive gear, makes it to the surface, and activates the beacon after he climbs into the dinghy. Getting a fix on the new signal, an S-3 Viking overflies the crash site, confirming the location of Flight 23. The U.S. Navy then dispatches a sub-recovery ship, the USS Cayuga (LST-1186) along with the destroyer USS Agerholm (DD-826) and a flotilla of other vessels. The aircraft is ringed with balloons and once inflated, the aircraft rises from the bottom of the seafloor. Just before the plane breaks surface, one of the balloons breaks loose, prompting the Navy captain to reduce the air pressure of the remaining balloons, thus keeping the plane just beneath the waves. At that moment, one of the doors in the cargo hold bursts open, causing the plane to flood. The cascade of sea water sweeps through the passengers; First Officer Chambers is killed when he is pinned under a sofa. The deluge also sweeps away Wallace's widow (Lee Grant), who drowns just as the Navy captain orders more air pressure into the balloons, finally raising the plane successfully. Once on the surface, the passengers are evacuated. With the survivors on their way to waiting ships, Captain Gallagher and Stevens' assistant, Eve (Brenda Vaccaro) are the last to evacuate from the aircraft as it slips under the waves for the last time.
tt0079095
Drama
The film opens with a portrait of Adolf Hitler hanging on a brick wall. Suddenly an explosion blows a hole through the wall and inside is Maria Braun (Hanna Schygulla) and Hermann Braun (Klaus Lowitsch) about to get married. What is supposed to be a ceremonial and memorable moment for them has turned violent as bombs are going off around them. The setting is Berlin during World War II. As the ceremony is brought to a halt by the bombs, the Priest attempts to leave only to be stopped by Hermann. Separated for a brief moment as bombs continue to rain around them, Maria, Hermann, and Priest take cover on the ground and are finally able to sign their marriage license. After the opening of the credits, we see Marias mother eating a small piece of bread with a tiny drizzle of oil. The economic times are bad. Maria returns after being unable to sell off her wedding dress. However, she does not return empty handed. Amongst the things she brings back is a shaving brush. Then catching a photo of her husband Hermann, she begins to break into tears. Hermann has been sent to the front. With her mother cheering her up, they decide to cook up some potatoes with bacon. With a poster hanging behind her back with the information of Hermann, Maria waits with anticipation at the train station, where the women wait for the men to arrive from the war. However, Hermann doesn't show up. Taking refuge in a soup kitchen, Maria talks to a woman working in the kitchen about the death of her husband in the war and remarriage. These are desperate times for everyone as several men dive for a cigarette butt thrown by a soldier. Heckled by a couple of American soldiers, Maria's strength is revealed as she confronts one of them, only to be given a packet of cigarettes. She decides to give it to her mother only in exchange for her brooch, which the mother agrees to. In the following scene, we see Maria once again roaming the city with the poster of Hermann hanging on her back. This time she is accompanied by her friend Betti Klenze (Elisabeth Trissenaar), who also has a poster of her husband Willy Klenze (Gottfried John) dangling on her back. Near the end of the day, they help each other put on heavy makeup in order to search for a job that their husbands might or might not approve. Maria believes that Hermann would have no qualms about her. On the following day, Maria meets up with a peddler (Rainer Werner Fassbinder) who trades a dress for her in return for Maria's brooch. She wears the elegant dress and manages to find a job as a waitress in a bar. Paying a visit to her childhood doctor (Claus Holm), she asks for a health certificate for her new employer. The following morning, she returns back to the train station and doesn't find Hermann. Giving up on her hope, she tears Hermann's photo off and tosses the poster board onto the train tracks. At her new job at the bar, she meets and shares a dance with Bill (George Eagles), an African-American soldier. Spending an afternoon in the woods, as Bill teaches Maria English, their relationship suddenly has become more passionate and intimate. In the next scene, we see Betti reunited with her husband Willy. However, he brings with him the news of Hermann's death. Maria returns and is shocked to find Willy back. Although ecstatic to have Willy back, Maria cries because her husband is not with her. Her only means of comfort now is in Bill. As Bill and Marias relationship begins to grow more intimate and close, she soon finds herself pregnant with his child. As they celebrate the announcement and preparing to make love, they are paid an unexpected visit. It is Hermann. As Bill and Hermann wrestle each other, Maria grabs a bottle and hits Bill across the head, which kills him. As the Americans put Maria on trial, Hermann takes responsibility and admits that he is the one who killed Bill. As Hermann is put in jail, Maria says that she will wait for him so that they can start a new life together. Furthermore, in spite of picturing their future with a new child, Maria tells her doctor that she is going to abort it. In the meantime, Maria focuses on attaining wealth. During a train ride, she meets Karl Oswald (Ivan Desny) in first class, a half-German, a half-French business who owns a factory in Germany. He has returned to restart it after enduring difficult times during the war. Changing to her more seductive dress, Maria strikes a conversation with him. However, her nonchalant and in different attitude ultimately attracts him. He also admires her firm demeanor as Maria is able to drive away a drunk and noisy American soldier from the train. As they share a car ride with Karls accountant Senkenberg (Hark Bohm), Karl decides to give her a job as his personal advisor. Later as she tells her family about her new position, Maria decides to move out of her mothers house in order to prepare for a future home with Hermann, much to the disagreement of those around her, especially Betti. Visiting Hermann in prison, she tells him that she is going to change thanks to this job. In one of her first duties as personal assistant, she becomes a translator for Karl and an English speaking customer. However, she doesn't translate faithfully in order to tell Karl what he wants to hear. As Karl and Senkenberg argue over whether or not the company can afford to buy three SE Machines, Maria asks for 30-minutes alone with the customer. In the scene that follows, Karl congratulates Maria with a toast for her contribution. However, Senkenberg remains skeptical as he would only drink in five years time of the company. As Karl reprimands Senkenberg for not being able to have fun, Maria jumps to his defense. We soon find Maria in bed with Karl. He even asks her to be with him over the weekend in the country. However, she tells him that she has to visit someone on the weekend. Maria though does not divulge the fact that she is going to visit her husband. As Karl tries to understand her and show her his affection, Maria shrugs it away. Instead, she chooses to talk about her salary as she tells him that she has to earn a lot of money over the next few years. On the day Maria visits Hermann, she tells him that she is sleeping with Karl. She reassures him that she wants to sleep with him because she is dependent on him. Furthermore, she does it in order to give herself the upper hand. Upon returning home, Maria finds Karl waiting for her. Having spent the night together, Karl lets it known that he was going to propose to her had she gone with him to the country. Maria tells him that she will never marry him, but is willing to settle as his mistress. In a business event, Maria finds out from Willy that his marriage with Betti is in trouble for he is unable to communicate with her. Willy describes her as someone who cooks for me. In the following scenes, Karl once again reiterates his love for Maria. Yet, his love remains unrequited as she simply offers her body to him. One day, Karl pays a visit to Hermann in order to meet the man that Maria loves. Karl makes a secret deal with Hermann that if he stays away from Maria until Karl dies, than they will get the company. Later, on her mothers birthday, Maria finds that her mother has a new lover. During the party, Betti reveals that she is losing Willy. Like the strong assertive woman that she is, Maria tells her that she can do something about it. As Maria dances with Karl, he declares his love, fully realizing that he is going to die soon because of his liver. Finally on the day of Hermann's release, she realizes that he has left to Australia or Canada. As agreed upon with the deal between Hermann and Karl, Hermann will leave a rose every month for her to remember him by. Maria soon loses herself in her job. Her personality begins to transform as her once firm demeanor evolves into certain ruthlessness. Her family, co-workers, and Karl become victims to her change. As the film draws to its end, Karl passes away. Hermann finally returns back to Maria. However, upon finding out that her husband and Karl made a deal on her behind her back, she does not accept it lightly. As Maria and Hermann are in her new home, she accidently leaves the gas stove on in order to light a cigarette. As Senkenberg leaves after handing over the company to the Brauns as promised, the house explodes as Maria lights her cigarette. The film ends with Senkenberg witnessing the dead body of Maria Braun.
tt0069956
Adventure,Horror
John Bradley (Ivan Rassimov) is a British journalist and photographer on vacation in Bangkok, Thailand. He is first seen taking photos and seeing the sights, until he arrives at a kickboxing match with a date. His date grows increasingly bored and disgruntled by Bradley's refusal to leave, until she finally walks out on him, which doesn't bother him in the slightest. An unidentified man sees her leave, and presumably upset over the disrespect shown towards the young woman, he follows Bradley to a bar where he confronts him with a knife. After a brief struggle, Bradley manages to turn the weapon against the man and kills him. Even though he killed the man in self defense, Bradley immediately flees the scene knowing the Thai authorities will arrest him and probably sentence him to death for the killing as a result of being a foreigner in their country. The next day, Bradley begins his trip deep into the rain forest first by traveling by train to a point several hundred miles north of Bangkok. At the train's stop, John rents a canoe and a guide to take him down a nearby river towards the Burma border. Still fearing that he'll be captured by the Thai authorities, he pays off the man to not mention their encounter. After rowing a ways and taking several wildlife photos, Bradley's guide, Tuan, mentions his concerns about traveling so far down river, which he reports as being dangerous. Bradley agrees to head back after one more day of traveling. That evening, Bradley falls asleep, and when he awakes the next day, he finds Tuan dead with an arrow in his throat. Before he has any chance to escape, a native Thai tribe captures him in a net and carries him to their village. The chief, Luhanà (Ong Ard), is told that the group has captured a large fish-man. At the village, Bradley is hung in the net from a high pole, where a group of young children hit him with bamboo stalks. While hanging, Bradley witnesses the execution of two war criminals by his captive tribe. The tribe is at war with another, even more primitive Burmese tribe of cannibals, whom are named the Kuru. Two of the Kuru cannibals have their tongues cut off in the village center. Bradley reacts with disgust, labeling the tribe as murderers. Still in the net and hanging for hours, Bradley notices that he has attracted the attention of Marayå (Me Me Lai), the beautiful and naked daughter of the chief who takes an immediate fascination with the stranger. She convinces her father that John is not a fish-man, just a man. Luhanà agrees to release Bradley as Marayå's slave. He is forced to stay locked in a shack for hours, where Taima (Prasitsak Singhara), Marayå's governess, introduces herself. Taima is a former missionary child and can speak English, and tells Bradley that soon he will be released, as Marayå will be married to a fellow tribesman, named Karen (Sulallewan Suxantat), in ten days. Luhanà interrupts the two and unties Bradley because it is the day of the Feast of the Sun. During the feast, a helicopter flies overhead. Bradley tries to be rescued, but he is subdued by other warriors, who nearly kill him. Marayå intervenes, however, protecting her property. The helicopter gives John hope, and he plans escape, which Taima agrees to eventually help him with. A month or so passes, as Bradley grows even more tense. During one day of labor, a building accident kills a young man. Bradley watches the funeral ceremonies and is again shocked by the actions of the natives. During the ceremony, Taima tells Bradley that now is his time to escape. He does, but Karen and a group of warriors chase after him. They corner him at a waterfall, where Bradley kills Karen. Again a helicopter flies by, and again John goes unnoticed. After Karen's death, the tribe decides to incorporate Bradley as one of them. He faces various rituals and tortures until he is finally released and accepted as a warrior, and he uses his knowledge of modern technology and medicine to help the tribe, but, as a result, becomes an enemy of the tribe's witch doctor (Song Suanhud). During this time, he and Marayå begin to become fond of each other, until Marayå must choose a new fiance. Of the tribe's warriors, Marayå chooses John Bradley, and the two are married. After the wedding, the two run into the wilderness where Bradley gets naked and has sex with Marayå. This ends up getting Marayå pregnant. During the conception, however, a black butterfly flew over the two lovers, a foreboding of ill fate. Six months after Bradley has been captured, he has finally accepted his new life with Marayå. However, this is also when the Burmese Kuru cannibals decide to strike. Two teenagers, a boy and a girl, are ambushed outside of the village by the Kuru. The girl is killed and the boy mortally wounded, but he still is able to inform the others of the attack before he dies. Bradley joins other warriors to eliminate the attack party, and they arrive to see the Kuru party consuming the young woman. The group attacks the cannibals, with Bradley participating in activities he earlier condemned. When Bradley returns, however, he learns that Marayå has fallen ill from the pregnancy and has been stricken blind. John believes the only way to save her is to take her back to civilization for modern medicinal treatment. Taima helps the two escape, but she is caught in doing so has her hand cut off as punishment. Bradley and Marayå are captured and forced to return to the village. Upon their return, Marayå goes into labor. Again Bradley rejects the witch doctor, sending him away from the ailing Marayå. At this time, the Kuru warriors return to attack the village. They set fire to many huts before John and the other warriors are able to react. In the ensuing and graphic climatic battle, Bradley takes Marayå to safety until the cannibals are fought back and withdraw. As John tries to comfort Marayå's pain, he points out a black butterfly overhead. Marayå then reveals the significance of the butterfly: death. Marayå finally gives birth, and dies shortly after. Bradley wanders aimlessly through the jungle upon his wife's death, only sadly recollecting memories of her. Again a helicopter flies overhead, and after a moment of contemplation, he takes cover with the rest of the tribe, deciding to stay with them, probably for life, to help them rebuild and live against the Kuru and the elements.
tt0076504
Adventure,Drama,Horror
Captain Nolan (Richard Harris) is an Irish Canadian fisherman who catches marine animals and sells them in order to pay off the mortgage of his boat so he can return to Ireland. Nolan's crew is looking for a great white shark for a local aquarium, but a scientist named Ken (Robert Carradine) is being targeted by the shark. An orca killer whale comes and kills the shark, subsequently saving Ken. This switches Nolan's target to the orca. While Nolan is on the journey with his crew, he tries to capture what he believes to be a bull orca, but mistakenly harpoons a pregnant female. Nolan and his crew get the orca on board, where she subsequently miscarries. The crew hoses the dead fetus overboard as the male looks on screaming. Seeking release of his near-dead mate, the male orca tries to sink the ship. One of Nolan's crew members, Novak (Keenan Wynn), cuts the female off the ship, but the male leaps and drags him into the sea, eating him alive. The following day, the orca pushes his now dead mate onto shore. Alan Swain (Scott Walker) berates Nolan on his actions after finding the dead whale. Nolan denies responsibility, but Swain and the villagers eventually find out his involvement. The villagers insist that he kill the orca, as its presence is causing the fish vital to the village's economy to migrate. The orca then terrorizes the village by sinking fishing boats in broad daylight and then breaking fuel lines, thus destroying the village's fuel reserves and causing a massive fire. Dr. Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling), a colleague of Ken and whale expert, shows him how similar whales are to humans and tells Nolan that, "If he (the orca) is like a human, what he wants isn't necessarily what he should have." Nolan confesses to Rachel that he empathises with the whale, as his own wife and unborn child had previously been killed in a car crash caused by a drunk driver. Nolan promises Rachel not to fight the whale, but the orca attacks his sea-front house, containing an injured crew member of Nolan's, Annie (Bo Derek) within it. The house starts slipping into the sea and the whale bites Annie's leg off. Nolan decides to fight the orca, although with Novak dead and Annie maimed for life, Nolan and Paul (Peter Hooten) are now the only crew members left. Dr. Bedford and Ken join the pursuit, along with a native American man, Jacob Umilak (Will Sampson), enlisted for his orca knowledge. The crew begins to chase the whale after it signals Nolan to follow him. Ken is leaning over the side when the whale surfaces and grabs him, eating him alive in the process. They follow the whale until they reach the Strait of Belle Isle, though when Paul starts to get into a lifeboat, the maddened orca knocks Paul out of the boat and drowns him. The next day, the whale shoves an iceberg into the boat and starts to sink it. Nolan manages to harpoon the whale just before he and Dr. Bedford escape from the boat, while Umilak is crushed beneath an avalanche of ice just after sending out an SOS. Nolan and Dr. Bedford hide in an iceberg, although Nolan slips onto another. The orca separates the icebergs, trapping Nolan. The whale jumps onto the ice, causing it to tilt and send Nolan into the water. The whale lifts Nolan up with his tail and throws him onto another iceberg, killing him. Dr. Bedford looks on as the dead Nolan slips into the water in a cross shape. With his revenge complete, the whale swims southward under the ice, while a helicopter is seen to rescue Dr. Bedford.
tt0098343
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Writer Zachary "Zach" Hutton (John Ritter) is caught by his girlfriend, Angie (Denise Crosby), having sex with her attractive hairdresser. Furious, Angie takes a pistol from Zach's nightstand and pulls the trigger. He leaps up and grabs the gun, explaining that he always leaves the first chamber empty to avoid accidents. As the hairdresser runs for her life, the scuffle is interrupted by Zach's wife, Alex (Alyson Reed). Later, Zach tells his bartender, Barney (Vincent Gardenia), that Alex kicked him out and he confesses that he wants to have a warm, loving, faithful wife, but have other women on the side. He visits his lawyer, Jake (Joel Brooks), who relays Alex's divorce demands, including the house, their cars, and a large alimony payment. Alex wins it all, which convinces Zach to visit a therapist named Dr. Westford (Michael Kidd). Although Zach promises to stop chasing young women, he leaves the office and immediately crashes his car while ogling a real estate broker named Molly. The next day, Zach confesses that he sometimes suffers from impotency. He bursts into tears when Dr. Westford suggests he start writing again. Zach eventually buys a house from Molly (Julianne Phillips) and has her move in, believing she will help him settle down. After six months of continued infidelities, a frustrated Molly sets Zach's piano on fire while he is playing, causing the new home to go up in flames. At the bar, Zach meets Lonnie Jones, a bodybuilder (Ray Hollitt), and she takes him home. Although Zach is intimidated by her muscles, he manages to overcome his impotency. Later, Zach returns to the bar and learns that Sparky (Peter Donat) has committed suicide. Spying an attractive woman, Zach sends over a drink. It arrives just as her rock musician boyfriend appears, and Zach flees. Later, Zach hears a couple fighting in the hotel room above his. Seconds after complaining to the front desk, Zach hears a knock at his door and opens it to find Amy and Rick (Chelsea Field and Bryan Genesse), the couple from the bar. Amy leaps to protect Zach, and Rick ends the relationship. Later, Amy invites Zach up to her room and they decide to have sex. Amy offers Zach some of Rick's condoms, which they discover glow in the dark. As they are about to make love, they hear Rick returning and Zach hides in the closet. Rick pressures Amy into having "make-up sex," putting on another luminescent condom. Zach attempts to sneak out, but Rick spots the glow of Zach's condom. The two fight, their glowing genitals bouncing in the darkness. Later, Jake gets a call from Zach, who claims to have been arrested for "cock-fighting." Zach attends Sparky's funeral and sees Alex, who initially rebuffs his attempts to talk. However, seeing how distraught he is, she invites him to dinner. He arrives at her house to find his mother-in-law, Marge, stepson Greg (Bo Foxworth), and Greg's girlfriend, Rebecca (Jean Marie McKee). After an awkward dinner, Zach asks Alex to take him back, but she explains that he is too frightened of life to be monogamous. After drinking heavily at Barney's, Zach calls Alex and she confirms that she is in a new relationship. Desperate to find himself, Zach goes to see Dr. Westford, who explains it is next to impossible to change one's basic character. After a series of unfortunate encounters with women and drunken escapades, Zach again calls Alex and learns that she is away for the weekend. Intrigued, he goes to Marge's house and finds her packing. Marge refuses to tell him Alex's whereabouts, but Zach spies a nearby note with Alex's location in Santa Barbara, California. While rushing to Santa Barbara, Zach is pulled over for speeding and spends another night in jail. He arrives at the hotel to find that Alex is getting married. The minister asks if there are any objections to the marriage. Zach opens his mouth, but Marge punches him in the stomach before he can speak. Halting the ceremony, Alex walks Zach to his car, and he confesses that he always counted on Alex to save him. Although she insists he must save himself, she tells her fiancee she cannot marry him. Zach begs Dr. Westford to give him advice on what to do. The therapist states that when an alcoholic tells him he wants to be cured, he tells him to stop drinking. Zach goes to his beach house, sits in the sand, and meditates on Dr. Westford's words. Later, Barney suggests all Zach's problems stem from his fear of life. Months later, Zach writes a new book. At the launch party, he sees Alex and proclaims he has stopped drinking. When she tells him "two out of three" is not enough, he confesses to being celibate for six months. He kisses her and insists they were made for each other. As he plays the piano, Rebecca sits beside him, tells him his book aroused her, and places her hand between his legs. Zach refuses her advances, and instead takes Alex to a hotel room to make love.
tt0087932
Action,Comedy,Crime
In an Italian neighborhood of Greenwich Village, cousins Charlie, a maître d' with aspirations of someday owning his own restaurant, and Paulie, a schemer who works as a waiter, have expensive tastes but not much money. Paulie gets caught skimming checks, and he and Charlie are both fired. Now out of work and in debt, Charlie must find another way to pay his alimony, support his pregnant girlfriend Diane, and try to buy a restaurant. Paulie comes to Charlie with a "can't-miss" robbery, involving a large amount of cash in the safe of a local business. Charlie reluctantly agrees to participate, and they manage to crack the safe with help from an accomplice, Barney, a clock repairman and locksmith. But things go sour, resulting in the accidental death of police officer Bunky Ritter, who had been secretly taping "Bed Bug" Eddie Grant. Charlie soon learns that the money they stole belongs to Eddie. The mob figures out that Paulie is involved, and not even his Uncle Pete, part of Eddie's crew, can help him. One of Paulie's thumbs is severed as punishment. Diane leaves Charlie and takes his money to support their unborn child, while Paulie is forced to work as a waiter for Eddie. He gives the mob Barney's name but initially refuses to identify Charlie as the third man involved. However, under pressure, he is forced to rat on his cousin. Barney leaves town and Charlie mails him his cut of the loot. And when Charlie makes $20,000 on a horse, things begin to look up. Charlie prepares for a showdown with Eddie, armed with a copy of the tape that the police officer made. But at the last moment, Paulie puts lye in Eddie's coffee. Then he and Charlie casually walk away from Greenwich Village.
tt0077235
Drama,Sport
Malibu, California, 1962. Matt 'the Enforcer' Johnson (Jan-Michael Vincent), Jack Barlow (William Katt), and Leroy 'the Masochist' Smith (Gary Busey) are the three best surfers of the beach. On the morning of the South swell Matt is drunk, but he borrows a board from a little boy and succeeds in giving an excellent performance anyway. The three friends usually take their boards for free from Bear (Sam Melville), a man that believes in their success and who owns illegally a shop in a hut on the pier. One day, Jack meets Sally (Patti D'Arbanville), a nice girl from Chicago, in the cafe where she works as a waitress. He takes her to his home, to a frantic and chaotic party which a brawl ensues when a group of party crashers arrive and cause a ruckus. Another time later, Matt, Jack and Leroy go for a trip to Tijuana, Mexico, where Peggy (Lee Purcell), Matt's girlfriend, announces to the group that she is pregnant: she and Matt will have a baby. Matt, Jack, Leroy, Sally and Peggy have a good time, and but get into a barroom brawl at a strip club. They all manage to escape from the local police, but they find their car stripped and broken-into. They manage to replace the stolen tires and return to Malibu. A short time later, the Malibu police make Bear's shop close: the pier will be demolished. Three years later, 1965; The Western Swell. Jack, the most serious of the three, is working as a lifeguard on the beach, and is still with Sally. Matt lives with Peggy and their little daughter; he's the greatest surf champion, but he is always drunk and depressed: he hates being a hero. While drunk, he provokes a road accident in front of the beach and Jack hits him and throws him off the beach. The three friends, as many others, have received the draft notice, and this means being sent to Vietnam... to fight an unpopular war. Bear has gotten rich: he owns a new bright surf shop in downtown Malibu and is about to marry. At his wedding, he speaks to Jack about the importance of friendship: Matt and Jack make peace. The Malibu guys have all to show up at the induction on the same day. In order to dodge the draft, Leroy pretends to be mentally insane, Matt simulates a serious problem in his leg, Waxer (Darrell Fetty) (another friend from the beach) pretends to be homosexual, but he's not believed. Jack doesn't do anything: he probably thinks it's his patriotic duty. Matt and Leroy succeed in avoiding it. Jack and Waxer are drafted into the US Army. In a flash forward to 1968, it is revealed that Waxer has died in Vietnam. Matt now works as a swimming pool lifeguard. He's invited to the premiere of a surf documentary, with some scenes about him. But upon seeing the film, he is disappointed: the film shows how his style has been overcome by a new surf hero, (Gerry Lopez, as himself). Bear has lost all his money, and his wife has left him. Jack comes back home from Vietnam but Sally is not waiting for him. While he was fighting far from home, she married another man, (Steve Kanaly), one of the guys who were at the party in 1962. In the cemetery, in front of Waxer's grave, they remember their dead friend and recall nostalgic memories of the past. Three years later in 1971. Bear has become a drunkard and a homeless, but is still proud of his surfer friends. The greatest swell ever is coming. On the day of its utmost intensity (Big Wednesday) lifeguards warn people to stay off the beach. Matt, Jack and Leroy meet on the shore and go surfing one last time for old times sake. So does Lopez, the new surfer, who looks at them with admiration and respect. They are still great, but Matt slips off his board and seems to disappear under a gigantic wave. When he reappears, on the beach, he and his two friends are ready to acknowledge the supremacy of Lopez, the new champion surfer. The film ends with Matt, Jack and Leroy leaving the beach for the last time and leaving them their past and their youth which is no more.
tt0102095
Action,Comedy
Michael Corben (Richard Grieco) has only one more chance to obtain the credit needed for his high school graduation. Patricia Grober (Robin Bartlett) and her French class are headed to Europe. All Michael needs to do is participate and he will get the credit. In the meantime, an operative (also named Michael Corben) is on his way to board the same plane. When the operative is killed, the high-school Michael Corben is mistaken for the operative, something that garners him first-class seating on the plane. British Intelligence also assumes Michael to be their operative, as the deceased Michael Corben had been in deep cover and nobody knew what he looked like. Corben's adventure continues as soon as he gets off the plane sending him into a mission of life and death, not only for himself but for his entire class. Corben collects his Lotus and is soon crashed into by a blonde driving a white 1990 Nissan 300ZX. Irate, Michael tried to catch up to her, oblivious to the assassin Zigesfeld (Tom Rack) driving behind him. Due to his manoeuvers, Michael is able to dispatch Zigesfeld. Michael continues to pursue the blonde (whose name is Mariska) to the casino. There, he plays baccarat with Steranko and unwittingly doubles his money. Corben goes back to his hotel room, where he to be confronted by another assassin, Steranko's comely girlfriend Areola Canasta (Carole Davis). This time it is nerve that saves Corben's life. After his hotel room is destroyed, Mariska takes him to her place to explain what is going on. Together they proceed to Steranko's chateau only to be captured by Steranko's assistant Ilsa Grunt (Linda Hunt) in the process. Steranko has also captured Mrs. Grober and Michael's classmates as well, believing them to be a threat. Steranko offers to have dinner with Corben to have a chat. During the dinner, Corben indignantly drops a priceless plate that once belonged to Catherine the Great after being warned of its value by Steranko. Thrown back in the cell, Corben uses his explosive chewing gum to explode the door from its hinges. From there, Mariska and Corben find their way to the gold foundry where the rest of the French class are being held - in a cage hovering over a large vat of liquid gold. (Steranko's mad plan for world domination also includes the production of coinage bearing his likeness) Michael and Mariska kill off a few guards and freeze the liquid gold with liquid nitrogen. Upon setting Mrs. Grober and the class free, he declares to her: "Now, you are the French teacher!", and hands her an Uzi, which she uses against the bad guys with grim determination. He then battles Zigesfeld on top of the frozen gold and manages to kill him by dropping the cage that formerly held his classmates down onto him. He and Mariska, with help from Mrs. Grober, stop Steranko's plan, and Steranko kidnaps Mariska and attempts to escape by helicopter along with his Isla Grunt and his gold. However there is too much weight on the chopper, and Steranko throws out both Mariska and Ilsa but it's still too heavy and the chopper crashes. Steranko ends up buried underneath all of his gold coins. With the chateau exploding all around them, Michael and Mariska escape down the side of the building using a pair of sneakers equipped with suction cups. They are then reunited with Mrs. Grober, who tells Michael, "You've got the credit!"
tt0091472
Sci-Fi,Thriller
The Manhattan Project tells of how 17 year-old Paul Stephens (Christopher Collet) and his girlfriend Jenny Anderman (Cynthia Nixon) an aspiring journalist, wants to alert their community a secret nuclear facility in their hometown of Ithaca, NY. While Dr John Mathewson (John Lithgow), supposedly a doctor in this "pharmaceutical research plant," the very same facility in reality a nuclear plant, becomes involved romatically with the Paul's mother Elizabeth (Jill Eikenberry) and friends with Paul. While Dr Mathewson is visiting Paul and Jenny steal the plutonium and construct their own atomic bomb for a science fair in New York city. The movie is funny, and at times, frightening, showing how what can really happen if a teenage genius, finding all things possible on the internet, in published books, and unclassified government papers, can really build himself a nuclear bomb, all for a first place or first prize in a science fair.
tt0085863
Drama
Jerilee Randall enters the Awards Presentation Ceremony alone, unrecognized by the media and the crowd gathered outside. Several years earlier, as a student at Valley High School, 18-year-old Jerilee received an award, presented by film director Guy Jackson, for her outstanding achievements in creative writing. In an acceptance speech, Jerilee states that in each of her stories, at least one character must be "concerned with some important issue that people are afraid to talk about." Afterward, Jerilee attends a party where she meets Walt Thornton, Jnr., the son of renowned screenwriter, Walter Thornton. He invites Jerilee to meet his famous father, and during the drive, Walt's friends Joe and Mary attempt to draw her into their amorous activities in the back seat. Shortly after arriving, Joe knocks Walt unconscious and rapes Jerilee with the nozzle of a garden hose before the elder Walter comes to her rescue. A few days later, Walter visits Jerilee to return the award statuette she left in his home. They bond over their shared passion for writing, and over time, their mutual admiration turns to love. Although Jerilee's widowed mother, Veronica, disapproves of her daughter's romance with an older man, she does not interfere with the couple's plans to marry. Later, Walter's agent tries to discourage Jerilee's aspirations, saying, "women can't write," and advises her to earn a living from her beauty rather than her mind. Jerilee proves him wrong by writing a critically-acclaimed book of short stories. When an unemployed actress begs Walter for a part in his next picture, he uses the incident to show his wife that many in the entertainment industry have lost their self-respect. Regardless, Jerilee is anxious to learn screenwriting and becomes Walter's assistant on his latest film. On the set, she reconnects with director Guy Jackson, who complains about the length of a key speech in Walter's screenplay, to be delivered during a child's funeral. Jerilee replaces the entire speech with the word, "why," which pleases the director. Walter is angered by his wife's audacity, but accepts credit for the rewrite. After the film has become a commercial and critical success, Jerilee is angered by Walter's refusal to acknowledge her contribution during a lunch with friends and associates. He admits to his loss of self-respect and leaves. Upon returning home, Jerilynn tries to reason with her husband, but he becomes verbally abusive and makes a cruel reference to the garden hose that she enjoyed being raped by it. Sometime later, Guy visits Jerilee in her modest apartment. She has left Walter, written another book, and wants to write a screenplay about two people whose deep love cannot surmount their lack of compatibility. Guy takes her to a party, where she encounters rising star George Ballantine, and they begin a torrid affair, despite the fact that he is married. George rejects Jerilee when he learns that she is pregnant with his child, and she has an abortion. While at a restaurant with Veronica, Jerilee meets nightclub owner Vincent Dacosta and his business partner, Nick Rossi, who are in search of screenplays for their new film production company. When Jerilee offers her screenplay, Dacosta is interested, but later admits that he and Nick will need more than six months to raise the necessary funds. Aware of Jerilee's dire financial situation, he offers her a job at his nightclub. Their business relationship develops into a stormy love affair, as Dacosta reveals his volatile personality and penchant for cocaine. Jerilee has a nervous breakdown after Dacosta allows her to be molested by lesbian Italian actress Carla Maria Peroni, and she is committed to a mental hospital. Guy's regular visits to the hospital, along with his love and encouragement, speed Jerilee's recovery. Her harrowing experiences inspire her to write a new screenplay, titled "The Hold-Outs," which Guy takes to his agent. Jerilee is offered the opportunity to sell her screenplay to producer Tom Castel, providing George Ballantine is given a starring role. She refuses at first, but Guy convinces her, saying, "It's the movie that matters." Jerilee meets with Castel at his home, where the producer leaves the decision to his bisexual wife, Joanne, who insists that Jerilee join her in the hot tub. Months later, the events come full circle at the Presentation Ceremony, where Jerilee wins the award for best original screenplay. During her acceptance speech, she admits that she, like so many women in Hollywood, had to trade sex for a career, and describes how she was exploited by her colleagues whom she describes by name. Jerilee places her award statuette on the podium and refuses to accept it. She leaves the ceremony in tears, ignoring the taunts of outraged audience members.
tt0092627
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
Baltimore, Maryland, 1987...after midnight. Terry Lambert (Steve Guttenberg) is coming home from a party at his boss's house to his place on East Mount Vernon, near the Washington Monument. He hurries up to his second floor apartment, looks the place over, hastily stows a few stray items of bachelor clutter. He glances out the bedroom window, sees that his guest is arriving and goes to meet her at his front door. She is a beautiful, elegant Frenchwoman, and we soon learn she is Sylvia Wentworth (Isabella Huppert), his boss's wife. They retire to the bedroom, for a lengthy session of love-making. When they are through, Terry excuses himself to go to the bathroom. A muffled scream outside attracts Sylvia's attention. She goes to the window and looks out...a man has grabbed a young woman from behind, and is attempting to drag her toward the street. She calls to Terry and tries to open the window. It sticks at first...then it opens suddenly, with a loud crack. The man, startled, looks directly up at her. She remembers she's naked, and steps back behind the curtain. The distraction gives the victim a chance to get her breath and scream loudly for help. Lights come on, doors open...and the man runs away. Terry comes out of the bathroom and joins Sylvia at the window. She tells him what she saw, but it's all over, now, and people are helping the woman to safety. So they dress and he walks her to her car. "Any regrets?" he asks. "None," she replies. "In spite of what happened...or perhaps because of it...it was the most exciting night I can remember." Terry arrives late for work the next day, at Wentworth Construction. The receptionist advises him that the boss, Collin Wentworth (Paul Shenar), has been asking for him. Terry goes directly to his office. Collin asks where he disappeared to last night, and Terry replies that he just went home. An office assistant brings a newspaper to Collin while they're talking, and he separates out the business section to check his stocks. As Terry turns to leave, an item on the front page of the Metro section catches his eye...a girl who was murdered the previous night, a few blocks from his apartment. He borrows that section to read more about it. He meets Sylvia at his apartment at lunch. They discuss the murder, and decide it could be related to the attack she witnessed. She says she wishes she could come forward and give a description of the man she saw to the police, but she has so much to lose. On an impulse (and to impress her), Terry picks up the phone and calls the police. He tells them HE witnessed an attack from his bedroom window, and wants to report it. Sylvia is alarmed, but also excited. She coaches him on details, tells him she'll wait in her car on the other side of the Washington Monument, and leaves just before the police arrive. Detectives Quirke (Carl Lumbly) and Jessup (Frederick Coffin) seem quite pleased with Terry's story. They ask about a point or two, but for the most part they accept it without question. It turns out they think the two incidents are related, too...and this is a welcome lead. After they leave, Terry goes out to where Sylvia is waiting, and directs her to drive to the murdered girl's apartment. Terry explains to Sylvia (and we see in flashback) how the murder was done. Sylvia listens soberly, then thanks him for helping her do the right thing. He asks when he'll see her again. "Soon," she promises, "very soon." When Terry returns from lunch, Collin stops him and jokingly asks him if he's been up to something he shouldn't. "The police were trying to contact you," he says, and gives him the number to call back. Terry explains that he witnessed an assault the night of the party. Collin, curious, follows him back to his office to listen in on the call. Detective Quirke asks if Terry can come to the precinct that night at 7 p.m. He agrees, and hangs up. Collin has already lost interest...implies that Terry is a fool to get involved. At the precinct that night, Terry stops at the desk and asks for Detectives Quirke and Jessup. The desk officer (Joyce Greer) tells him they're a little late getting set up, and to wait over there, pointing to a bench in the lobby. He goes to the bench and sits down. A young woman--tall, slim, pretty, with short, curly, dark hair--sits next to him. She looks at him expectantly. He glances at her distractedly, then goes back to the desk officer to ask what she meant by getting set up. "You're here for the line-up, right?" she says. He is completely gob-smacked. The young woman approaches now, and says, "You must be the one!" She pauses, sensing a problem, and adds uncertainly, "I mean, they told me there was a witness..." Detectives Quirke and Jessup join them at this point, and confirm that they are, indeed, here for a line-up. The young woman, Denise Connelly (Elizabeth McGovern), reminds them that she didn't see her assailant at all. Detective Quirke tells her that sometimes people see more than they realize..."but anyway, Mr. Lambert here got a good look." Terry looks cornered...he hadn't bargained for this. True to her word, Denise is unable to identify her attacker. Terry looks uneasily at all the subjects. We see that the suspect is among them, and Terry hesitates when he looks at him...something about Sylvia's description clicks. But he doesn't feel confident enough to positively identify him. Detectives Quirke and Jessup are disappointed. "One of these men has done this kind of thing before," Quirke admits. "From your description, I thought... I guess I was wrong. I guess we keep looking." Terry walks out of the station with Denise. She has seen him before, she says, at Edgar's, the Poe-themed cocktail bar where she works. "My night for not recognizing anyone," he mumbles. She also tells him she's sorry he wasn't able to identify the suspect, because she won't feel safe again until they catch her attacker. In spite of himself, Terry is beginning to feel involved. As he walks her to her car, he sees the suspect come out of the police station, and get into an old beat-up pickup truck. When Denise drives away, Terry jumps in his own car and follows him, to a rough-looking neighborhood by the shipyards. The suspect parks in front of the house on the corner and goes inside. Terry drives by slowly, looking in the windows...sees him get a beer from the fridge, and go to stand behind an older woman (mother?) watching a flickering TV. "Didn't even tell her," says Terry to himself, musing. He is there in the morning, to follow the suspect to his work as a welder in a shipyard. He returns with Sylvia at lunch. The adventure is wearing thin for Sylvia...she says she isn't sure he's the one, and she still can't go to the police, anyway. She tells him pointedly that next time they get together they shouldn't spend all their time driving around. But Terry continues to follow the suspect. That night, they wind up in the Fells Point Saloon, downtown. The suspect positions himself near the bar, where he can watch the girls. Terry finds a place across the room where he can watch the suspect. He seems to be paying extra attention to a pretty girl in a brown-checked shirt (Sara Carlson) who's engaged in a rowdy popcorn-throwing fight with her friends at a nearby table. Suddenly she stands up and begins to dance. She gives one of her male friends a pretend lap dance...then climbs up on a table and dances for everyone. She's good...has good moves, a good body, an eye-catching sheaf of light-blonde hair and a slew of gold bracelets jangling on her arm. Almost everyone in the bar cheers her on. When she finally sits down, the suspect steps quietly up behind her, and looks down... At this moment, someone bumps the cocktail waitress (Jodi Long), and she spills her tray of drinks on Terry. She apologizes profusely, tries to wipe his jacket off with her towel, offers to buy him another drink...he finally agrees, to get her to leave him alone. When he looks up again, the suspect is gone. He goes outside...the suspect's truck is also gone. He goes back to the suspect's house and waits for him there. It's very late when he finally drives up. He tries to sneak in without waking his mother, but her light goes on and she begins to scold, loudly. Terry smiles a little. The suspect goes down into the basement, strips, and goes to bed. Terry calls it a night, too, and drives away. He passes emergency vehicles, police, medics and an ambulance, parked near an alley. With a sense of foreboding. he stops, and gets out to look. EMT's are lifting a body onto a gurney, covering it with a plastic sheet. "What happened?" he asks another man, standing nearby with an armload of groceries (Richard K. Olsen). "Found a body in the dumpster," he replies. "Some girl." Terry watches as they wheel the body to the ambulance. An arm slips out to one side...with a slew of gold bracelets jangling. There's a hint of that checked shirt visible under the clear plastic sheet and the swath of light blonde hair is unmistakable. Terry goes to the police the next day and tells them that he is now ready to identify Denise's attacker. They ask him why he is so sure now. He tells them that he followed him the night of the line-up, to see him under more similar circumstances, to confirm he was the right one. The officers are excited again. They call in State Attorney Peters (Robert Schenkkan), and ask him to get a search warrant for the suspect's home and vehicle...whose name, we learn, is Chris Henderson (Brad Greenquist). But the searches don't go as they'd hoped. They are unable to find any blood, hair, or fibers in his home or truck. They do find a handful of mint-flavored toothpicks in the glove compartment of his truck, but those are available free in a number of downtown restaurants, and don't provide enough of a link to the murders on their own. ("We held that back from the press," explains Detective Quirke. "Henderson stuck a toothpick in the locks at the apartment buildings of both the murdered girls so their keys wouldn't work, and they'd have to go around to the side door.") They have called Terry in to explain all this to him, and tell him that they now have no choice but to charge Henderson with Denise's assault. With Terry's help, they can get him put away, and while he's serving time for that they'll get lucky and find evidence to connect him to the murders. Terry meets Sylvia in the square near the Washington Monument to break the news. She is frightened and angry that the situation has progressed to this point. Terry assures her that whatever happens, he won't involve her. But she doesn't trust him. "All you've done so far is grandstand," she says, "and I'm the one with everything to lose." She flounces off, leaving him there in the square. Denise Connelly, who has been out running, happens along just in time to see the back of her as she walks away. She calls to Terry, and walks over to join him. She tells him it means a lot to her that he decided to come forward. This makes him feel both a little better...and a little worse. He goes home, dejected, but finds Sylvia waiting for him in the foyer of his apartment building. She apologizes for lashing out at him. She tells him she'll support him, even go to court (secretly!) And when he testifies, it will be for both of them. At the trial, State Attorney Peters allows Terry to tell his story with little interruption. Confident, articulate and personable, he makes a splendid witness. He delivers his evidence without faltering, and when he is finished, he stands up to leave. "One moment, Mr. Lambert," admonishes the judge (Penelope Allen), "there are two attorneys present." Everyone titters a little, including Terry, and he sits back down. Henderson's attorney (Wallace Shawn) steps forward, and says, "Okay, Mr. Lambert, let's take you through this again, in perhaps a little more detail." He establishes that Terry was alone and asleep when Denise's screams awakened him, that the whole incident happened very quickly. He proposes that they test Terry's eyesight under conditions similar to the night of the attack. "And we'll start by having you remove your contact lenses," he finishes. Terry is stunned...again, he clearly hadn't counted on this. Henderson's attorney reminds him that he wears hard contact lenses, which he would have removed prior to going to bed, so he would have witnessed the incident without the lenses, and they need to determine whether that would have been possible. Peters, also taken by surprise, objects...but the judge overrules him. Terry removes his contacts, and the courtroom is darkened. Henderson's attorney goes to the back of the room, holds up an object and asks Terry to identify it. Stumped, Terry's eyes stray to Sylvia, watching from the gallery as she'd promised. She tries to mime that Henderson's attorney is holding up a small red book. Henderson sees where Terry is looking, and recognizes Sylvia as the woman in the bedroom window, the true witness. Denise also sees where Terry is looking, puts two and two together, and comes to the same conclusion. Terry is unable to identify the book, even after they turn the lights on in the courtroom. With his testimony discredited, Henderson is acquitted. Peters is in a towering rage. The detectives are also angry...worse, they are now looking suspiciously at Terry. He slinks home to hide, but finds no peace there: a neighbor, a middle-aged woman (Kate McGregor-Stewart) from the first floor, ambushes him on the stairs. Clearly enjoying herself, she tells him that the police came to ask her a lot of questions about him today. He goes on upstairs to his apartment, but he's only there for a minute when there's a knock at the door: Denise is standing outside when he answers, looking reproachful. "You heard they let him go?" he asks; she nods slowly. "Sickening, isn't it?" he says; she nods again. "Would you like a beer?" he asks. "Thanks, I would," she replies, and comes inside. "Is that the famous window?" she asks, looking into his bedroom. He nods, she asks if she can have a look. He hands her a beer, and they stand together looking out the window in silence for a moment. "I know, Terry," she says. He looks at her, startled, and she repeats, "I know. I saw you with her in the park, and I saw her today in court, coaching you...it was pathetic. It was her, not you who witnessed the attack, and she can't come forward for some reason, so you were idiot enough to come forward in her place." Terry tries to deny it, but she's not buying it. He asks her what she's going to do. She tells him she'll be waiting to see what HE does...and what SYLVIA does. She thanks him for the beer and leaves. Terry picks up the phone to call Sylvia, but stops when he hears a couple of odd clicks on the line. Afraid the police are tapping his line, he makes arrangements to meet her another way, at the National Aquarium. He tells her Denise knows about her. He also tells her he thinks the police suspect him, that they may be tapping his phone and following him. Sylvia is sure Terry is exaggerating about the police, but the news about Denise upsets her. She tells him to ask her to give them more time. She still can't come forward, she needs time to think. As she is leaving, she makes an unkind remark about his bad eyesight. Apparently, the flirtation is over. Terry goes back to Denise, and asks her to hold off on going to the police. "All right," she says, "But I'm giving the time to you because you're the one who needs it. SHE knows EXACTLY what SHE'S doing." When Terry comes out of his apartment building the next day, Detective Jessup is waiting, to take him to the precinct for another interview. The detectives aren't so friendly this time. They ask what he was doing the night of the attack, then they ask about the girl from the Fells Point Saloon. They tell him that the barmaid doesn't remember seeing Henderson there, but clearly remembers Terry. He is pretty shaken by all this, but tries to remain cool. He asks if he is under arrest; they tell him not yet...this time, they're moving more slowly. He decides enough is enough. He calls Sylvia and tells her she must go with him to the police. She is dressing to go out for the evening with Collin, and she is furious he has called her at home. She hangs up on him, but Collin has heard, and asks who it was. She hesitates, comes to a decision...replies, "Terry Lambert." Meanwhile Terry, angry and desperate, drives to Sylvia's house...only to be told that the Wentworths have gone to the ballet for the evening. He drives to the theatre to talk to her there. She and Collin are sitting toward the front of the theatre in the center section. She turns, sees him at the back of the theatre, and goes to go talk with him. They step into the foyer, and he tells her the police definitely suspect him, and she's the only one who can tell them what's going on. She replies that she can't. She confessed to Collin that she had slept with him...one time only...for which Collin has forgiven her, on condition that she agrees to say that she was at home that night, so they are not involved further in the mess. "So you'll have to find another solution to your problem," she finishes. "Sylvia, there IS no other solution," he exclaims, so vehemently that one of the ushers approaches and asks Sylvia if she's ok. They are at an impasse. He stops her, though, as she turns to walk back into the theatre: "Tell me one thing," he asks, "it was him, wasn't it? You were sure, right from the beginning, it was Henderson." Sylvia replies in a tired voice, "All right, I was sure. Of course I was sure. There's nothing wrong with MY eyes." She goes back into the theatre, and he leaves. A man standing in the back of the theatre tells her softly that the act is almost over, it would be better to wait. She complies. Terry goes back to his car, but as he is getting in, he notices the vehicle parked behind his: an old, beat-up truck...Henderson's truck. Alarmed, he runs back into the theatre. He is just in time to see Henderson stab Sylvia. Henderson smiles triumphantly, and shoves the dying woman toward Terry, who catches her, getting his shirt soaked with her blood. Collin has come back to see what's keeping Sylvia, sees Terry with her lifeless body in his arms, and raises the alarm. With ushers in pursuit, Terry flees down onto the stage, and escapes through the back of the theatre. Henderson walks calmly out the front door, and no one notices. At Edgar's, Sylvia's picture flashes up on one of the TVs as the socialite victim of a heinous murder. Denise asks the bartender to turn up the sound. Terry's picture is shown next, as a person of interest in Sylvia's slaying. One of Denise's co-workers asks, "Isn't that the guy who.....?" Denise nods, thoughtfully. When she goes out to her car after the bar has closed, someone approaches her suddenly, urgently. Startled, she lashes out, hitting him in the face and knocking him down. It is Terry. She takes him home, and sneaks him into her apartment. He tells her what happened, tells her that he knew he was being followed, but he'd thought it was the police. Henderson couldn't have planned it better...taking care of the one person who could accuse him and clear Terry at the same time. Denise believes him. Terry is curious about that...why she never suspected him. "I knew something the police didn't know," she replies. "Even that first night at the station I knew something was wrong. It was obvious you didn't know me. You hadn't seen me from your bedroom window or anywhere else, and you weren't interested. Not flattering, perhaps...but on reflection, trustworthy." She asks what he's going to do. He tells her that he has no other choice, he'll take his chances with the police. She tells him he can stay the night at her place, and surrender in the next morning. She points out that between the two of them they probably know more about Henderson than anyone else. She asks if she and the other girl looked alike. "Not really," Terry replies. Denise asks, "What made him notice her, in particular?" "Everybody noticed her," he replies. "She danced. She was good, too, she was sexy...and her friends egged her on." He asks her with a little smile, "Did you dance the night you were attacked?" "On a Thursday night the place is so busy, I don't have time to breathe," she says. "Did anything unusual happen that night?" he persists. "Well, there was the kiss," she says. It had been Peter the bartender's birthday (Francis V. Guinan, Jr.). They had gotten him a cake, and she had brought it out at midnight. She had given him a little kiss, and everyone had cheered and applauded. So she'd given him another, longer kiss...that brought more cheers and applause. Then he'd grabbed her and given her a really long kiss...and the crowd had gone wild. "Two girls," says Terry, "both young and pretty, both did something that made them the center of attention. Something sexual...something that would turn a normal guy on." Denise adds, "Turns him on too, but makes him want to kill." She asks if he loved Sylvia. He told her he probably had a crush on her, but that he really hadn't known her at all...and he was just something for her to do. "I can think of worse things to do," says Denise, and hands him a set of sheets and a blanket for the couch. Sometime in the night, she comes out to him, and asks him to join her in her bedroom. She tells him that she has not been able to be with a man since the attack...but tonight, with him, she thinks she could. He tenderly holds out his hand to her, and she joins him on the couch. The next day, she tells him that sooner or later Henderson will attack someone again. He replies that he'll be in jail, the perfect alibi. She says they could make it happen sooner, rather than later, by setting a trap for him...by getting a girl who's his type to do something they know will push his buttons. Terry refuses...doesn't want to put her in danger. "Besides," he adds, "He'd know you, know it was a set-up." Denise dresses up in a short leather miniskirt and halter top, with a hot pink jacket and stiletto heels...puts on a long, auburn wig, and changes her make-up. He's impressed, decides maybe it could work. He calls Detectives Quirke and Jessup, and tells them to wait at the precinct...he'll call and let them know where they can meet him later that night. Denise rents a car for Terry, so that he can follow her and Henderson, and they go to his workplace to wait for him to get off. This night, of all nights, he works late. And then he goes to a neighborhood pool hall to have a beer, rather than going to hunt for another victim. "Not one of your better places in town," she says to Terry...but she musters up her courage and walks in. There are no other females there...all the blue collar guys howl and growl and catcall as she walks to the bar. She orders a beer and a bump, and puts a quarter in the juke box...dances a little to the tune when it comes up. A man at the other end of the bar (Maury Chaykin) sends her another drink, and invites her to play pool with him. Henderson is watching her, but makes no move toward her. Terry watches him from outside through the window. At one point Henderson goes over to the bar, where Denise left her jacket and purse, and stares down at her open wallet on the bar. Terry realizes that he saw Henderson do this before, at the Fells Point Saloon. This is how he found out where the other two girls lived. Henderson goes to the restroom...Terry comes into the bar and tells Denise what he saw, and that Henderson's apparently decided to go for it. He goes back outside to call Detectives Quirke and Jessup from the phone booth on the corner. Henderson comes out of the restroom and leaves. Denise wraps up the game of pool. Her pool partner tries to put a move on her, but she's had extensive experience shutting down unwanted advances. A bold grab of the "family jewels" and a threat to put them in the corner pocket along with the 8-ball does the job. Terry has discovered that the phone booth is in use: a transient (Mark Margolis) seems prepared to talk all night. Terry tries to persuade him to leave, offers to pay him, then winds up demanding that he leave. The transient ignores him at first, then they start to fight. Denise comes out of the bar, gets in her car and leaves. Terry calls to her, to get her to stop and wait for him, but she doesn't hear, and he can't get away from the transient. A patrol cop (Kevin O'Rourke) pulls over to break it up. While the cop is dealing with the transient, Terry steals the patrol car and heads out after Denise, calling on the way for help on the police radio. Denise arrives at her apartment building, and sees that Henderson's truck is parked a few stalls away. She takes a can of mace from her pocket to keep ready. She discovers that the elevator from the underground parking garage has been disabled in some way. Thinking Terry is right behind her, she starts up the stairs, slowly, cautiously, checking corners and glancing behind her from time to time. On the first floor landing, she pauses, looking up the next flight of stairs...and Henderson steps out from behind the door and grabs her. Terry arrives and jumps out of the cop car. He sees Henderson's truck, and pauses. Denise and Henderson are struggling on the stairs....she tries to spray him, but he knocks the mace out of her hand. She falls, and he grabs her by the hair to drag her to her feet. He is shocked to his shoes when it comes off in his hand! He turns her over and looks at her, recognizes her, just as Terry appears on the landing below him. "You!" he growls...and Terry jumps on him. Denise is able to get clear and find the can of mace. She grabs Henderson by the hair, pulls his head back and lets him have a full dose right in the eyes. He screams, pulls away from Terry, who also falls, and makes a desperate dash for his truck. Terry checks to make sure Denise is all right, then goes after him. Officers are arriving now, Denise directs them to help Terry. Henderson is in his truck, trying to get it started, but something has been jammed in the ignition. He pulls it out and throws it away. He starts the truck, but Terry is on him again...grabbing him through the open window, trying to drag him out of the truck. Henderson takes off, with Terry hanging off the side...they pull out of the parking garage, and out onto the street. Detectives Quirke and Jessup arrive just in time for Henderson to crash into their car. Terry is thrown clear, skinned and bruised, but without serious injury. Later, Henderson has been strapped to a gurney, and loaded into an ambulance. Terry and Denise sit on the fountain at the foot of the Washington Monument, and wait for the police to decide their fate. Detective Quirke approaches them, looking stern, and says, "You know we'd have gotten him, eventually. Sooner or later, we'd have muddled through. What did you put in his ignition...a toothpick?" Terry smiles slightly. "Paper clip," he replies. Quirke shakes his head. "It was a stupid move," he remarks. "You seemed like such a level-headed girl," he says to Denise. "What happens now?" she asks. "Well, for your friend here there's still the question of perjury...obstruction of justice," he says. "I'd say you're looking at ten to twelve years." Denise and Terry both look alarmed. "Just kidding," he says, with a smile. "Get yourself a good lawyer." He walks off. Terry puts his arm around Denise, and they smile at each other...the camera pans up to the statue of George Washington, the music comes up, and the credits roll.
tt0090274
Comedy
Yale University, 1963 Lawrence Bourne III (Tom Hanks) has a $28,000 gambling debt, and loan shark, Albert Bordonaro (Alan Arbus), gives him one day to come up with the money. Lawrence bets on a football game, and listens to the outcome over a portable radio while he attends his graduation ceremony. When Lawrence's team loses, Albert Bordonaro waits until the day is over to exact revenge. Meanwhile, Lawrence asks his wealthy father, Lawrence Bourne, Jr. (George Plimpton), to loan him the money, but he refuses, insisting that Lawrence needs to learn responsibility. When a thug named Cicero (Ji-Tu Cumbaka) arrives to collect the payment, Lawrence flees to La Guardia airport in New York, as Cicero pursues. Lawrence runs to meet his roommate, Kent Sutcliffe (Xander Berkeley), who is about to depart for a two-year Peace Corps mission to Thailand. Lawrence begs Kent to let him take his place on the airplane to avoid being beaten or killed by Bordonaro's thug. Kent agrees on condition that Lawrence give him his vintage automobile and his girl friend, Bootsy (Jude Mussetter). Lawrence agrees, and escapes just in time. On the airplane, Lawrence meets Tom Tuttle (John Candy) from Tacoma, Washington, who talks non-stop. Lawrence soon realizes he made a mistake, and has no interest in social service. However, when he meets a pretty girl on the team named Beth Wexler (Rita Wilson), he changes his mind. Beth believes him to be Kent Suttcliffe, her assigned partner in Thailand. After they talk for hours on the flight, Lawrence makes a pass at Beth, and she is offended that he was trying to seduce her the whole time. After learning that Lawrence took Kent's place, Beth berates him. When he implies that she is "frigid," Beth slaps him. Arriving in Thailand, Beth is welcomed by John Reynolds (Tim Thomerson), who heads the agricultural department where she has been assigned. Beth is smitten. Lawrence begs to go home, but is sent to a rural village with Beth and Tom Tuttle where they will oversee a bridge-building project. John Reynolds warns them about guerrilla rebels in the area, and a drug lord named Chung Mee (Ernest Harada) who inhabits the surrounding jungle. Lawrence greets the villagers while still wearing his dinner jacket and bow tie, as Communist guerrillas watch the team's arrival through binoculars. As they settle into their huts, Lawrence makes a half-hearted apology to Beth. Tom Tuttle angers villagers by suggesting they cut down sacred teak forest trees to use for the bridge. However, a young English-speaking villager named At Toon (Gedde Watanabe) explains the misunderstanding, and befriends Lawrence. Sometime later, Tom Tuttle falls into a trap and is held captive by guerrillas in the jungle for much of the duration of the movie. Lawrence initiates a poker game with the villagers, and ignores Beth when she insists that they search for Tom. Drug lord Chung Mee arrives and demands a seat at the poker table. At Toon tells Lawrence that Chung Mee is a dangerous black market dealer and they should do what he asks. Chung Mee's men bind and blindfold Lawrence and At Toon, and take them to his jungle fortress. Chung Mee asks how quickly they can build the bridge, explaining it will increase his opium business. Lawrence proposes a deal to expedite construction, asking for an airline ticket home and $48,000. Chung Mee agrees, on condition it is completed in six weeks. Beth is surprised to see apathetic Lawrence enthusiastically working with the villagers on the bridge. Sometime later, John Reynolds returns to the village to check on the team, and Beth is excited by his arrival. She asks for his help finding Tom Tuttle, but John believes Tom is gone for good. When Beth expresses her interest in John, he introduces her to his knife, "Mike," and gives her a phallic Thai sculpture. Her interest begins to wane as she questions his sanity. Meanwhile, the captive Tom Tuttle is tied to a post by the guerrillas and meets a general named Souvanna (Clyde Kusatsu), who brainwashes the American patriot into becoming a communist rebel. Souvanna assigns Tom to build the bridge and allow no one to interfere. Tom returns to the village, and Beth greets him warmly, and he gets to work with Lawrence and the villagers constructing the bridge. In time, the bridge is completed, and Lawrence surprises Beth with a romantic date. As they dance, she warms up to him, and invites him into her hut. Lawrence respectfully declines, but kisses her goodnight and expresses his interest in her. When Beth enters her hut, John Reynolds surprises her, disguised in camouflage. He reveals that he works for a covert operation tasked to eliminate communist rebels, and Beth realizes he is insane. Reynolds explains they will use the bridge to bring in a convoy, destroying the village and creating a military outpost to attack the rebels. Beth screams as Reynolds uses chloroform to knock her out. At Toon witnesses Reynolds carrying Beth into the jungle, but does not realize she is unconscious. The next night, villagers celebrate the completion of the bridge, and Lawrence worries when Beth is missing. When At Toon admits to seeing her leave with John Reynolds, Lawrence is upset that Beth "led him on." Chung Mee's bodyguard, Lucille, arrives with Lawrence's money, and he attempts to seduce the mysterious woman. However, Lucille plans to kill him, but At Toon arrives to stop her. She confesses that Beth and Reynolds are with Chung Mee, and Lawrence realizes Beth was kidnapped. He asks Tom Tuttle for his help, but the brainwashed man refuses to leave his post protecting the bridge. Lawrence sneaks into Chung Mee's compound with At Toon's help, and finds Beth in a drugged state. He hides when John Reynolds approaches, but when Reynolds prepares to have his way with Beth, Lawrence attacks. He knocks Reynolds unconscious and carries Beth to safety, as Chung Mee's men pursue. Lawrence, Beth, and At Toon escape and return to the village. Lawrence demands they pack up and leave, but Beth insists they blow-up the bridge first. He refuses, and spontaneously professes his love for Beth, who asserts that if he really loved her, he would destroy the bridge. However, she takes back her statement, preferring he destroy the bridge based on his own sense of moral obligation. Lawrence agrees it is the right thing to do, and Beth is pleased. As Beth shares their plan with the villagers, Tom Tuttle arrives holding a lit stick of dynamite, to prevent them from destroying the bridge. Lawrence overtakes Tom, slapping him repeatedly. Tom returns to his patriotic self, and advises them on the best way to destroy the bridge. They get to work lining the bridge with dynamite, as both Chung Mee and the communist rebels descend upon the village. When the explosives fail to ignite, Lawrence returns to the bridge to fix the problem, and John Reynolds holds him at knife point. Lawrence knocks Reynolds over the side and jumps into the river after him. Tom Tuttle sets off the dynamite, and the bridge blows up. Afterward, Lawrence floats face down from the river, and Beth pulls him out and gives him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. He revives and begins kissing her, as villagers cheer. In the final scene some time later, Lawrence writes a letter home, telling his parents that the Peace Corps has changed his life, and shares his plans to open a casino in the village.
tt0098369
Comedy,Action
Over the opening credits, Donato (John Schneider) spots a roadblock as he races his red Lamborghini down a country road, chased by a half dozen police cruisers. He turns sharply right onto a dirt road, causing one of the police cruisers to smash into the roadblock. Donato speeds up and skips his car over a small pond witnessed by an old man (Lee Van Cleef) and his grandson who are skipping stones. Donato drives to a small country hotel where he complains to his mechanic, Valentino Rosatti (Brian George), that the car feels sluggish. Inside the hotel, drivers party before they engage in the "Cannonball Run," an illegal cross country race from Washington, D.C. to Santa Monica, California. Outside, parking lot attendant, Charlie Cronan (John Candy), is watching television when an old high school rival of his named Leo Ross (Eugene Levy) drives up in a BMW and blasts an air horn. Leo's girlfriend, Tiffany (Donna Dixon), the new "BMW Girl," leaps out of Leo's car and apologizes. Leo orders Charlie to park his car, but instead, Charlie races between other sports car before returning to inform Leo the lot is full. In the ladies room at the inn, Lee Roberts (Melody Anderson) and her best friend Margaret (Sheri Belafonte), two automotive arts PhDs, pitch their "Fuzz Buster," a machine that can detect a molecule only found on police uniforms. Meanwhile, Mafia hit-man Vic DeRubis (Joe Flaherty) finds Alec Stewart (Matt Frewer), an Englishman deadbeat who has a contract on him for not paying a bookie, and apologizes that he has to kill him. Alec convinces him that after losing bets for eight years, it is a mathematical certainty he will win the one he has placed on the Jaguar team to win the "Cannonball" run. Lee and Margaret find Gus Gold (Harvey Atkin), sponsor of the Fiat car, who will only look at the Fuzz Buster if the girls bring it to his hotel room. When they arrive, they find a naked Gus in a hot tub. They are all surprised when the Fuzz Buster goes off, indicating police nearby. In the banquet hall, Police Chief Spiro T. Edsel (Peter Boyle) leads dozens of machine-gun-toting cops who cart off all the drivers. Edsel brags to newscasters Jack O'Neill (Tim Matheson) and Heather Scott (Mimi Kuzyk) that this is a pre-emptive strike to cancel the race. Vic locates Alec in a bathroom, and is strangling him when Mr. Benson (Louis Del Grande) arrives to wash his hands. Benson bemoans the fact that his contract with Jaguar stipulates a "Brit" must drive their entry. Alec volunteers, bragging that he drove in the "Albanian Grand Prix." Benson takes up his offer and Vic postpones Alec's death to become his passenger. Meanwhile, with his driver in jail, Leo hires Charlie to drive the BMW after seeing his driving skills in the parking lot. As it is mandatory every car have a passenger, Leo orders Tiffany to accompany him. Before they go, Leo promises his divorce will be done by the time Tiffany reaches California. Margaret and Lee convince Gus Gold to let them drive his car after they kidnap him and drive though a park at over a hundred miles an hour. Jack O'Neill has his mechanic upgrade the Ford news van and convinces Heather Scott their news director wants them to enter the rally and broadcast live. As they take their place on the starting line, wealthy brothers Nelson and Randolph Van Sloan (Tom and Dick Smother) cut them off in a Bentley convertible. Valentino Rosetti stalls at the starting line and "Flash," (Art Hingle) an off-duty police officer, orders him to move out of the way and let him drive. All the participants punch a time clock and drive off. Only the Van Sloans maintain the speed limit. Nelson explains to his brother that they are going to cheat by flying to Las Vegas, Nevada, to do some gambling, then fly to Los Angeles where they will pick up an identical Bentley and drive it a few miles to Santa Monica for the win. Back in Washington, D.C., Chief Edsel learns the Cannonball Run is underway, and calls for a conference of every state police commissioner in the lower 48 states. As the race proceeds, Alec eliminates some of competition by telephoning police along the way, claiming other racers' cars are stolen or the drivers had committed hit and runs. When Alec comes to a ferry crossing, the boat is leaving the wharf. Vic DeRubis pushes him out of the driver's seat and jumps the car off the pier, over the ferry, and on to the other side of the river. When the boat docks, Alec attempts to bribe the pilot not to ferry the other racers. When the pilot refuses, Vic knocks him unconscious. Meanwhile, Charlie is taking another route, when Tiffany has a panic attack. He teaches her a breathing technique that causes her to fall asleep. Charlie is distracted by her low-cut top and accidentally cuts off a tractor-trailer truck which the unseen driver gives chase (a reference to the 1971 film 'Duel'). As Charlie tries to get away from the truck, his cigarette ash falls between Tiffany's legs, setting the seat on fire. Trying not to wake Tiffany, Charlie tries to put out the fire as the truck rear-ends them. Charlie apologizes to Tiffany, who only believes his story when she sees the cigarette burn on the seat. Their car loses power due to overheating. The truck rear-ends them again, Charlie turns on the heater, which cools the engine and they speed away. Back in Washington, D.C., Chief Edsel orders every interstate highway but Route 70 closed, and orders all state police to converge at Bakersfield, California, for the world's biggest roadblock. Racing through rural Iowa, Flash and Valentino Rosatti evade a state police officer by riding up onto a car carrier, but the cop follows. Just as the policeman demands their drivers licenses, the car carrier passes into Missouri and Flash informs the cop he is out of his jurisdiction. That evening, Valentino and Flash are left at a diner. As they order burgers, Alec and Vic arrive, see a Lamborghini, and Vic rips off the doors, airfoil and distributor. Valentino and Flash emerge from the diner and jump into an identical Lamborghini. They are followed by boxer Michael Spinks, the car's real owner. The next day, the Van Sloan brothers board a flight in Las Vegas, but a hijacker attempts to take over the plane during takeoff. The crew overpowers the hijacker, but the aircraft rolls off the runway onto Interstate 80 where the plane loses its wings as it goes under an overpass. Refusing to lose the race, Randolph Van Sloan bribes the captain to taxi the plane to Los Angeles. Alec and Vic are the first to make it to Bakersfield and discover the road is blocked by hundreds of state troopers. Vic attempts to run the barricades, but Alec pulls out the keys and they coast into the arms of police and are placed in a cruiser. As Chief Edsel pontificates to television cameras, the jet smashes through the barricade at full throttle, opening a hole for the other racers. Vic and Alec break off their handcuffs and Alec jumps into the driver's seat of the police cruiser. Deciding to hide in plain sight, Alec turns on his sirens and joins the other police cars chasing the racers. Finding himself without a car, Edsel jumps into the Jaguar and races after them. They drive to Los Angeles, cutting off other drivers, running red lights, and jumping meridians. As they race through Hollywood, Tiffany tells Charlie she is afraid of Leo. Charlie tells her she has Leo "all wrong," then suddenly realizes they have lost their brakes. They hurtle down a hill, but Charlie turns onto a side road and rolls to a stop. Olympic sprinter Carl Lewis runs up complaining that he has been chasing Charlie for miles and hands Charlie his time card. At the Santa Monica pier, Alec is chased by Chief Edsel in the Jaguar. He explains to Vic that it does not matter who is driving the Jaguar, if it crosses the finish line before the other racers, it wins. Alec uses the sirens to clear a path, but Chief Edsel loses control and the Jaguar smashes through a viewing stand into several police cruisers. When Edsel emerges holding the time card, a race official punches it and declares the Jaguar the winner. Michael Spinks arrives, asks who is driving the Jaguar, and then punches Chief Edsel in the face. As the other racers celebrate finishing the race, Charlie and Tiffany take a walk on the beach. Leo catches them, congratulates Charlie for a good race and tells Tiffany he has booked them a room. As he leads her away, Leo mentions his wife is coming to town and Tiffany should lay low. Tiffany runs back to Charlie. When Leo calls her a bimbo, Charlie punches him in the face, and he and Tiffany skip off into the sunset. The closing credits show the entire cast playfully riding bumper cars at the amusement pier at Santa Monica.
tt0102609
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In New York City, Lawrence "Larry the Liquidator" Garfield (Danny DeVito), president of Garfield Investments, expresses his love for donuts and money, especially "other people's money." Lawrence receives daily updates from his computer, Carmen, as it tracks the rising stock value of New England Wire and Cable (NEWC). Meanwhile, NEWC chairman Andrew "Jorgy" Jorgenson (Gregory Peck) elicits cheers from his employees as he announces the increased value of their stock, unaware of Lawrence's plan to gain control of the company. After Lawrence arranges a visit to the NEWC plant in Seymour, Rhode Island, company president Bill Coles (Dean Jones) warns Jorgy of Lawrence's intentions. Jorgy proudly reminds Bill of the hardships his family-run business has endured since 1910, and promises to prevent its liquidation. Lawrence estimates NEWC's net value at approximately $100 million, with no debt or outstanding liabilities, then outrages Jorgy by advising him to close the failing wire-and-cable division, as it drains funds from more profitable divisions. Realizing he cannot reach an agreement with Jorgy, Lawrence proceeds with a hostile takeover. After the meeting with Lawrence, Jorgy's personal assistant and longtime companion, Bea Sullivan (Piper Laurie), asks her daughter, corporate attorney Kate Sullivan (Penelope Ann Miller), for advice. Kate comes from New York City and offers several innovative solutions, but Jorgy balks, believing his traditional methods and twenty percent ownership of the company are adequate protection. The next day, Kate goes to Lawrence's office and threatens him with a lawsuit while flirting with him. Lawrence is infatuated with Kate, and agrees to not buy NEWC stock for two weeks, until she can determine a course of action. Certain that Kate is acting in bad faith, Lawrence continues buying stock in the name of "OPM Holdings," an abbreviation for "other people's money." Kate advises Jorgy to buy stock through an out-of-state broker, using borrowed funds if necessary. Jorgy refuses to incur debt or take his business out of state, so he buys through a local broker using company funds. Kate returns home to find a delivery of flowers and donuts, with a note from Lawrence, asking, "Are you as hungry as I am?" In the morning, Kate confronts Lawrence with information about "OPM Holdings," declining to comment on her own treachery. After they argue their disparate views on capitalism, Kate spends the night researching Lawrence's business practices, and discovers an indictment from his past. Although the charges were dismissed on a legal technicality, Kate uses the information to place a temporary restraining order on Garfield Investments. At the office, Lawrence berates his 17 attorneys for failing to stop the injunction, then happily agrees to a dinner meeting with Kate. That evening, Lawrence is giddy with anticipation of Kate's visit, but uninterested in her offer to buy his NEWC stock. He counters by proposing a night of lovemaking, prompting Kate to leave. Lawrence telephones later that night, offering his shares in exchange for the wire-and-cable division, followed by an inept performance of "I'm In The Mood For Love" on his violin. In the morning, Kate flies to Rhode Island to consult with Jorgy, who rejects the proposal as unfair to his employees. Exasperated with Jorgy's stubbornness, Kate declares that he deserves to lose his company. Jorgy also dismisses advice from Bill Coles, who fears losing his job without compensation for his years of service. At Thanksgiving dinner, Jorgy and Kate agree to put the takeover to a vote at the annual shareholders' meeting in late December. During a dinner date at a Japanese restaurant, Kate convinces Lawrence to accept the deal, he realizes that they share a passion for winning, regardless of the stakes. Kate kisses Lawrence, further enticing him with the promise of making him a laughing stock among his peers. Later, Lawrence secretly meets with Bill Coles where he promises the disgruntled man half a million dollars for his support, but refuses Bea Sullivan's offer of $1 million to abandon the takeover. Realizing he will never see Kate again following the vote, Lawrence interrupts her date with another man to propose marriage. Although Kate is sympathetic, her silence discourages Lawrence. A few weeks later, shareholders gather at NEWC, while factory workers and their families picket outside in support of Jorgy. However, Jorgy believes he may lose, and expresses doubts about his ability to compete in the modern business world. He addresses the stockholders, describing Lawrence as a force of destruction, and receives a standing ovation when he states that NEWC cares more about people than money. Lawrence's address is greeted with derision, but he gradually convinces the shareholders of the company's imminent demise, and promises them a fair return on their investment. Although Lawrence wins by an overwhelming majority, he is uncharacteristically distraught and saddened over losing Kate as a result of this latest victory of his. In the final scene, a few weeks later, Kate telephones Lawrence with news that a Japanese automobile company has offered NEWC a long-term contract to manufacture airbags using stainless steel wire. On behalf of the employees, Kate proposes buying back the company, and makes a lunch date with Lawrence to negotiate a purchase price. Lawrence is ecstatic with anticipation and exclaims, "We're back in business!"
tt0099697
Horror
The film opens with a late-shift worker in the basement floor of a textile company feeds bales of cotton into a large industrial machine. He takes a break and notices the thermometer on the wall indicates the temperature is over 100 degrees. In anger at the heat, the worker pounds his fist against a support beam and a rusty nail protruding from the beams punctures his hand. He goes to the medical cabinet and gets an anti-bacterial ointment and gauze for his wound. As rats accumulate to watch the late-shift worker, he starts to taunt them and threaten them. He tosses a rat into the large industrial machine and we watch the rat being torn to pieces and blood staining the cotton. As he continues the taunts, the rats watch on. A large shadow appears and the worker turns to a sight that scares him. He stumbles backwards into the industrial machine and is slaughtered. His remains are eaten by the rats. The next day, an exterminator (Brad Dourif) crawling onto the roof of an industrial building dragging a fire hose. He stuffs the end of the water hose down into the ventilation pipe of some indoor plumbing. Behind the building is a stream of running water. A man in the water is waiting by a pump motor for the exterminator to finish preparing the hoses. The exterminator indicates to the partner on the ground that he is ready to begin. The partner cranks the pump motor and begins pumping water into the building while sucking out water through hoses in the basement of the building, bringing with it many rats, and emptying the rats into the stream. A drifter named John Hall (David Andrews) comes into a small town looking for work. The local textile company is the largest employer in town, so he applies there. The foreman, Warwick (Stephen Macht) agrees to hire the drifter after first harassing him over being a drifter and having college experience listed on his application on the condition that John accepts minimum wage for the first 4 weeks and works the 11pm to 7am "Graveyard Shift". Warwick meets with a building inspector who threatens to condemn the building if the rat infestation isn't cleared up and the basement cleared of the massive amounts of old materials stored. Warwick pays-off the inspector $200 cash to give him some time to get the building in order before filing his report. The inspector takes the money and gives Warwick until after the 4th of July holiday weekend to clean up the building. As Warwick sends random employees down to string lights in the basement, prior to the cleaning detail, one by one they get attacked and killed by some unknown creature that lurks in the basement. Always, a tide of rats preludes the attacks. When the employees come up missing, the "Now Hiring" sign gets posted out front, but no more mention of the incident occurs. Warwick explains to some workers that the business will be shut down for the 4th of July holiday. Those workers that belong to the Union would be paid holiday pay. Those who were not Union would be laid-off for one week, unless they agreed to be part of the clean-up detail and receive double-pay for their efforts. Six workers are chosen for the clean-up detail work. John Hall is one of them. One night, John Hall finds a trap door leading down further under the building. The group of six cleaners and Warwick head down to investigate. After the stairs leading back up collapse and the seven people realize they are trapped with a monster they begin to turn on each other, trying to escape. One by one, the monster kills the group off until John Hall and Warwick remain. Warwick is consumed with trying to conceal this event and also punish John Hall for standing up to his bullying, so he tries to kill John. Warwick confronts the monster and dies during the ensuing fight. John scrambles back up to the basement of the building where the large industrial machine is. The monster attacks him there, where we see that the monster is a very large bat. The large bat gets its tail caught in the industrial machine and John turns it on. We watch the bat being dragged into and slaughtered by the machine. John sighs relief. The last scene shows that the textile mill is now "under new management." Credits roll.
tt0100691
Drama,Romance
Stella (Bette Midler) is a feisty, single, good time gal working in a bar when she meets and falls for the suave charms of the young Dr Steve Dallas (Stephen Collins). Although from opposite ends of the social spectrum they start an affair resulting in Stella becoming pregnant. After he proposes half heartedly she rejects him and embarks upon raising their child Jenny as a single mother, but is always helped and encouraged by her stalwart friend, a local good natured barfly, Ed Munn (John Goodman). Stella is fiercely independent and proud and is determined to do well by this child and take on whatever jobs she must to raise her daughter properly. When Jenny is 4 years old her father suddenly re appears on the scene and is determined to get to know his daughter. At first reluctant to allow this, Stella is persuaded to allow contact and a happy bond develops between the father and daughter. As Jenny (Trini Alvarado) grows up she becomes torn between her father's rich and well connected background and her loyalty and love for her mother who is poor and crass and vulgar but devoted to her daughter. She also despises the perceived relationship she sees developing between Stella and Ed Munn who is now a broken alcoholic. Jenny eventually meets and falls for a boy from her father's 'world' and Stella realizes that now the disparities in her own and and Jenny's father's backgrounds might jeopardize her daughters future happiness. So she makes a heart rending decision played out in the last 10 minutes of the film to ensure that this is not going to happen.
tt0093278
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In New York City, two singer/songwriters, Chuck Clarke (Dustin Hoffman) and Lyle Rogers (Warren Beatty), stare at the window of a Sam Goody record store. Chuck insists the only difference between them and hit makers like Simon and Garfunkel or Bruce Springsteen is that they do not have an essential ingredient: an agent. Soon, Chuck invites talent agent, Marty Freed (Jack Weston), to watch them perform their material at the store Song Mart. Afterward, Marty informs the duo that they have no stage talent. They need patter, "shtick," and gimmicks. For their next tryout, Chuck and Lyle (playing as their duo act called 'Rogers and Clarke') cover a familiar song with awkward choreography at a local nightclub. Despite audience booing, Marty offers them two bookings, one in Honduras at a hotel frequented by American journalists, and another longer engagement in Morocco. Chuck and Lyle mull Marty's offer at a nearby bar. In a series of flashbacks to five months earlier, Lyle was working by driving an ice cream truck, writing song lyrics as he worked. He played new songs for his speechless wife, Willa (Tess Harper). At a restaurant, Chuck played piano for customers. Afterward, as Chuck and his girl friend, Carol (Carol Kane), chatted, a waiter delivered a note from Lyle saying how much he enjoyed Chuck's performance. The songwriters met and had instant rapport, furiously collaborating on songs. They spent so much time composing that Willa left Lyle due to neglect. He sank into a depression, then Chuck helped him recover. Soon, Carol also felt neglected and ended her relationship with Chuck. He called Lyle and threatened suicide. Lyle promised to come to Chuck's aid, but his friend asked him not to alert the police because it would ruin his show business career. However, Lyle called the police, and Chuck climbed onto the ledge of his building when an officer appeared at his apartment. As Lyle joined Chuck on the ledge, Rabbi Pierce appeared to calm Chuck. Lyle grabbed Chuck's hand, and guided him back into his apartment. At the bar in the present day, Chuck remembers all that he and Lyle went through and decides they should take their act to Morocco. In Ishtar, Morocco, as a desert archaeological camp is attacked, Professor Barnes orders his associate, Omar (J.C. Cutler), to escape with an important, newly discovered ancient map that could provoke war in the Middle East. Omar barely has time to give his sister, a left-wing French-Moroccan agent named Shirra Assel (Isabelle Ajani), the map before he is killed. His last words promise that no one will find the map except "two messengers of God." At the Ishtar airport, Shirra Assel, disguised as a man, approaches and persuades Chuck to exchange passports and suitcases with her so she might travel to Marrakesh. She quotes: "It is a matter of life and death." She convinces him that he can visit the American Embassy and have his passport easily replaced. When the duo learns that a new passport will take days to process, Chuck convinces Lyle to travel to nearby Marrakesh and do the show alone, while he checks into a hotel in Ishtar. At the Marakesh Hotel, another American, named Jim Harrison (Charles Grodin), invites Lyle to dinner. After Chuck chats about show business, Jim reveals he works for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). He is in Morocco to prevent the Communists from staging a coup to overthrow the royal Moroccan government. Jim hints that his agency likes to recruit people like Chuck as operatives. At his solo show, Lyle launches into a rendition of "Bridge Over Troubled Water," and is soon drowned out by an apathetic crowd. Suddenly, Chuck appears and belts out "That's Amore," and show tunes that revive the audience. The new act of Rogers and Clarke, are a hit and are applauded. Later, Chuck says he is going for a drive to get some air. Later that night, Shirra wakes Lyle in his hotel room as she tries to reclaim her suitcase. As Lyle tackles her, she claims Chuck is a CIA agent, and the contents of the suitcase are necessary to overthrow the tyrant running her country. Lyle is skeptical about her story, but she convinces him to help her find a camel seller named Mohammed, and buy a blind camel. She leaves carrying the heavy suitcase. Meanwhile, Chuck secretly meets Jim Harrison, and learns his movements have been tracked through a pen with a hidden microphone that Jim gave him as a gift. The CIA has reason to believe that dictator Muammar Gaddafi in Libya is interested in Shirra's map, and the CIA wants to take possession of the document before Gaddafi does. Chuck claims not to know where Shirra is. However, Jim Harrison believes Lyle knows where to find her after appearing to have a sexual encounter with her at the hotel, and being recruited by her as a left-wing terrorist. Chuck does not believe any of Harrison's assertions but Harrison gives Chuck a beeper to stay in contact. In the morning, Lyle sneaks out of the hotel room, and Chuck follows him. The friends meet and CIA agents follow them to an outdoor market. Chuck and Lyle are kidnapped, but Harrison's associates shoot the captors and panic breaks out. The two friends run, and ask an enterprising local to help them hide. The youth takes them into his uncle's rug shop. The kidnappers confiscate two rolled up rugs, thinking the songwriters are hidden inside. Dressed in Moroccan garments, Chuck and Lyle escape over the rooftops. Meanwhile, Harrison visits Emir Yousef (Aharon Ipalé) at his palace in Ishtar to explain that the Americans, Chuck and Lyle, are merely pawns. The Emir insists the songwriters will be mistaken for "messengers of God." If radical Shiites gain possession of the map they will use it as a sign to overthrow the Emir. The Americans must be killed to demonstrate that God does not favor those who oppose the Emir. As Lyle negotiates for a blind camel at the Ben Sheli Camel Market, Chuck confronts Shirra in a nearby hotel room. He accuses her of recruiting Lyle as a Communist but she denies it. She thinks he stole her map and gave it to Jim Harrison. He denies it but promises to keep her secret. When Chuck finds Lyle, he has bought a blind camel with poor teeth. As Lyle leaves to change his disguise, Harrison appears and warns Chuck that the Emir's men want to kill them. Harrison hands Chuck two canteens with water, and a compass with escape instructions. When they reach a safe hotel at a desert oasis, CIA agents are supposed to rescue them, but it is a ruse. Harrison hopes that the desert trek will result in their deaths. Meanwhile, Shirra's associates convince her the songwriters must be executed. Shirra gives Lyle a beaded necklace with instructions to drop a trail of beads, heading into the desert. At night, the beads will glow and the friends can find their way back to town. The next morning in the desert, Chuck collapses from heat exhaustion. As Lyle helps his friend, vultures appear. Elsewhere, an associate of Shirra's tells Prof. Barnes they plan to announce over radio that they are in possession of the ancient map. The songwriters survive a sandstorm and think they see Moroccans with a truck. Chuck instructs Lyle, dressed in flowing robes, to get water. The Moroccans are actually Australian gunrunners who mistake Chuck for an auctioneer. As Chuck pretends to auction guns to the locals, CIA agents see that the songwriters have stopped moving through the desert and send a helicopter to retrieve their bodies. When the helicopter pilot realizes they are alive he retreats, and the auction is cut short. At his palace, the Emir tells Harrison he wants the "the messengers of God" killed and the helicopter returns to the desert. Parched and exhausted, Chuck and Lyle think of song lyrics to keep alert, and soon discover Shirra's map sewn into the lining of Chuck's jacket. Just then the helicopter appears and when the pilot shoots at the songwriters, they return fire with guns they collected from the auction. The helicopter leaves but returns with a second Apache attack helicopter. However, Shirra appears in a truck. She arms Chuck and Lyle with powerful guns, and the two helicopters are forced to abort their mission. Chuck and Lyle manage to smuggle the map into the United States. Back in New York, Marty, the talent agent, negotiates with Harrison to implement social reforms in Morocco, get rid of the Emir, and back and promote an album and worldwide tour for Chuck and Lyle. If the CIA succeeds, the songwriters promise not to sell the map to the KGB or anyone else. As a show of support, Harrison arranges for American forces and CIA agents to attend Chuck and Lyle's show at Chez Casablanca. Shirra thinks their songs are wonderful. In the final scene, back in America, Chuck and Lyle's "Live in Concert" album can be seen in the window of Sam Goody records.
tt0091653
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Happy-go-lucky advertising executive David Basner (Tom Hanks), who recently got a promotion at his Chicago ad agency, returns to work from a vacation. He is utterly carefree until his parents split up after 36 years of marriage. Out of the blue, he must care for his aging, bitter father Max (Jackie Gleason), as well as be there for his emotionally fragile mother, Lorraine (Eva Marie Saint). To add insult to injury, Max has just been fired from his 35-year career in the garment industry. At work, David is developing a commercial for Colonial Airlines, owned by the rich and eccentric Andrew Woolridge (Barry Corbin). A successful ad campaign would likely promote David to partner in his company. At the same time, David develops a romantic relationship with Woolridge's daughter, the no-nonsense Cheryl Ann Wayne (Sela Ward). His father is well aware of David's playboy nature. Asking at one point if his son is in bed with a woman, Max adds: "Anybody you know?" Over the next few months, the parents begin to rely more and more on David, calling him on the phone constantly. His mother needs help moving to a new apartment. His father needs to be driven to an eye doctor. Lorraine needs to be rescued in a bar after going out on a date with another man, having become frightened when he tried to kiss her goodnight. David's mother then confides to him that Max cheated on her and humiliated her. An enraged David goes to confront Max. Their argument ends with David saying: "Tomorrow I'm shooting a commercial about a family who loves each other, who cares about each other. I'm fakin' it." The next day, David is distracted by the deteriorating relationship with his father and it affects his work. As a peace offering, David offers to take Max to a nightclub to hear some of the jazz music Max likes. It is there that David accidentally discovers a secret Max has been hiding from the family: he has severe diabetes. When Max takes off his shoes to dance to the jazz music, David sees that his father's right foot is gangrened. Max must go to the hospital for his foot to be amputated. While awaiting surgery, he and Lorraine share their thoughts about their life together, with Lorraine condemning him for doing what he did to himself and to her. Max sobs over his mistakes once he is alone. At the agency, Andrew Woolridge insists that David go to New York with him to promote his new ad campaign. David refuses, saying he wants to stay with his sick father. Woolridge complains that it's unnecessary for business must come first. David tells him off and is quickly fired. The next day, David accompanies his dad to the operating room. His boss Charlie (Hector Elizondo) assures him that he will personally smooth things over with Woolridge, so David should take some time off. In the final scene, David goes back to the hospital where he learns from the doctor who performed the surgery that he managed to save Max's right foot, but had to amputate two toes. David enters Max's room to take him home. As David wheels Max through the hospital to his car to take him home, Max admits to his son: "You were the last person I thought would come through for me." Later, David gets his job back (although being fired earlier) and shows Max what he does for a living and Max is impressed at seeing what David does at work.
tt0098645
Comedy,Mystery
Over the opening credits, a young woman named Jennifer Downing (Renee Coleman), the eldest daughter of P.J. Downing (Barry Corbin), a wealthy ship owner, is kidnapped by an unseen person while taking a mud bath at a local Los Angeles health spa. The next day, P.J. Downing and his trophy wife, Helen (Annie Potts), meet with Eliot Draisen (Jeffery Jones), president of Crumb and Crumb Investigations. Eliot claims he has no one available to take the Downing case, but upon P.J.'s insistence, he assigns Harry Crumb (John Candy), grandson of the firm's founders. That evening in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Harry, disguised as an elderly window washer (with black-face makeup and a gray 'fright wig' resembling the hairstyle of boxing promoter Don King), is ten stories up alongside a seedy high-rise hotel and photographing a couple having an affair. When the couple move into another room, Harry rocks the suspended platform like a pendulum. He falls off the platform, grabs a rope and swings through an apartment window, landing in an easy chair. The next morning, Harry shows the photographs to his wealthy client, Mrs. MacIntyre (Michelle Goodear), only to discover he followed her by mistake. He gets called to come to the head office and takes a bus to Los Angeles, California. Upon meeting Eliot Draisen, Harry recites the Jennifer Downing case from memory. When he asks why there was no reference to the stolen jewels, Eliot informs him it is a kidnapping case. Harry leaves and Eliot telephones Dwayne (Doug Steckler), the animal trainer who is keeping Jennifer Downing in a cage, to tell him Harry is a bigger idiot than he had hoped for. At the Downing mansion, Harry gets his crotch soaked while standing over a sprinkler before meeting Nikki Downing (Shawnee Smith), Jennifer's younger teen-aged sister and Helen Downing, Jennifer's stepmother. Harry then meets P.J. in his study, who is assembling fishing lures. Harry shows off more of his bad-luck clumsiness when he puts his hand in an aquarium and a dog fish latches on to it. As P.J. tells him Jennifer is his favorite daughter, Harry leans on the desk and impales his hands on several of P.J.'s fish hook lures. Harry looks out a window to see Helen flirting with her tennis coach, Vince Barnes (Tim Thomerson). As Harry throws darts at a nearby dartboard, he hits his final bull's eye dart a little too hard and the dart board falls off the wall and crashes on top of one of P.J.'s mini ship models. Harry, disguised as De Roach, a bearded Hungarian hair stylist wearing blue leather with a shaved head, goes to the spa to interview the woman who gave Jennifer the mud bath that ended in her kidnapping. While re-enacting the crime, Harry leans over a mud encrusted woman and his fake chest hair falls into her crotch. Slamming his fake hair back on his face as a beard, Harry learns from the attendant that Helen insisted Jennifer take her spa appointment on the day she was kidnapped. That night, P.J. receives a ransom note requesting $10 million. As he and Harry confer, Detective Casey (Valri Bromfield), a hard-boiled LAPD female police detective, arrives to take control of the case, stating her belief that all private investigators are slime. Meanwhile, Eliot meets Helen in the horse stables to inform her of the ransom note before pouncing on her. She fights off his romantic advances, telling him he is not rich enough to sleep with her. After dinner, Harry befriends Nikki, who tells him Helen is a money-grubbing nymphomaniac. Harry voices his suspicions that Helen is the kidnapper and makes Nikki his assistant. The next day, Harry and Nikki use cardboard periscopes to spy on Helen and Vince Barnes as they soak in a hot tub at the marina. Harry is too far away to hear Helen complain that it took her two years for P.J. to put her in his will and now the kidnapper is going to get P.J.'s fortune. Vince suggests they kill P.J. before he pays the ransom. Harry slips off the roof that he and Nikki are on and lands atop a ceiling face overhead a local restaurant where a young boy pulls the lever and makes the fan go faster and faster. That night, Vince and Helen "fix" the brakes on P.J.'s car. The next day, Harry bursts into Eliot's office, declaring that Helen is the kidnapper and having an affair with Vince. Eliot is clearly distraught over the news, for he decides to continue to win over Helen's affections. Later, Vince and Helen leave the mansion after seeing P.J. getting his car. However, Harry and Nikki ask to borrow the car. As Harry tails Helen and Vince, he confides to Nikki that he feels that he is is living in his father and grandfather's shadow and Nikki admits she feels jealous of her sister and always feels living in her shadow as well. Harry believes Jennifer should feel jealous of Nikki. As they go down a hill, the brakes give out. Harry steers between oncoming traffic until he hits Vince's car and locks fenders. Vince speeds up, dragging Harry with him until they hit a bump, sending Harry's car into a small orange tree. After P.J.'s mechanic confirms the brakes were tampered with, Harry rightfully assumes that Helen and Vince were responsible, but he continues to mistakenly think that he was the intended victim, not P.J. Afterwords, Nikki tells her father she is helping Harry with his case. P. J. instructs her not to bother the detective, but Harry insists Nikki has been a great help. Later, Harry disguises himself as an Indian air-conditioner repairman (complete with a turban and brown olive-colored face paint) and smuggles Nikki into Vince's apartment building in a large toolbox. Harry climbs up an air vent while Nikki directs him using a short-wave radio. He hears Vince and Helen talking but is unable to see them through the vent. Meanwhile, Eliot Draisen telephones from a booth outside the apartment and tells Vince he is late for a tennis lesson at the country club. When Vince leaves, Eliot enters the apartment and blackmails Helen for sex. While Helen goes to the bathroom freshen up, Eliot turns on the TV set and watches an old film-neoir movie in which the two characters discuss killing the woman's husband and absconding to Buenos Aires, Argentina. Eliot voices his approval and decides to follow their example once he receives the ransom money. Harry, thinking it is Vince talking, works a camera through the vent to take photographs. During the lovemaking, Helen complains the room is too hot, so Eliot turns on the air conditioning causing Harry to be blown into the apartment manager's (Joe Flattery) office, knocking the manager unconscious. That night, Eliot delivers another ransom note stating the money must be paid by Friday, but Helen gets it first and alters it to read payment is due Monday (to give her and Vince more time to kill P.J.). The next day, Harry gives Eliot the photographs, claiming they show Vince and Helen engaging in sex. Eliot looks at them and is stunned to see himself coupling with Helen, but is amused and relieved that Harry seems ignorant. Harry admits he did not take time to look at the photos, and brags that he has so unnerved the kidnappers they have changed their plans and shows Eliot the altered ransom note. Harry then causes another accident when he gets on a stoic exercise bicycle and inadvertently releases the brake which cases the bicycle to crash into Eliot's dinosaur egg trophy shelf. At the mansion, P.J. receives a phone call from Jennifer, while Harry, Eliot and Detective Casey listen in. Jennifer pleads that she will be killed if the drop is made at noon today at a phone booth at the Hollywood Park horse race track. Casey suggests they bug the ransom money suitcase. Harry agrees to drop off the briefcase containing the ransom as long as police stay out of his way. As instructed, Harry goes to the racetrack disguised as a jockey (the world's fattest jockey!). Harry squeezes himself into a miniature telephone booth and receives a telephone call from Eliot to "give the money to Eliot Draisen". Eliot appears and takes the money, leaving Harry stuck in the booth. Nikki arrives and while struggling to get out of the phone booth, Harry tells her that he overheard the kidnappers' plans to fly to Buenos Aires. Making his getaway, Eliot tosses the "bug" out the window to throw Detective Casey off his tail, then empties the suitcase of its cash and tosses it into a dumpster. Vince and Helen, who have been following Eliot, jump into the dumpster only to find the suitcase empty. Eliot drives to the airport and telephones Helen, asking her to run away to Buenos Aires with him and the ransom money. She ditches Vince and rushes to Eliot. Once there, Helen confesses she was going to kill P.J. for the money, but now Eliot is rich and she is his. Vince appears with a pistol and Helen changes sides again. Eliot goes berserk, but Vince hits him in the head with the gun, drags him into a maintenance closet and chains him to a chair. Harry and Nikki arrive at the airport but, forgetting he has a steel plate in his head, Harry is detained by security guards at the metal detector. As the plane taxis to the runway, Helen looks out to see Harry on a boarding stair truck driven by Nikki. Nikki loses control, hits a baggage cart, sending it into a power shed in which Dwayne is holding Jennifer. The cart knocks Dwayne unconscious. Nikki crashes into the plane, throwing Harry through the plane boarding door. Vince pulls his gun, but Harry, who claims to know aikido, accidentally kicks his shoes off and into Vince's face, knocking him unconscious. Later, as Detective Casey gives Harry a reluctant apology, they hear Eliot Draisen kicking the closet door. Harry then brags to Eliot about him not thinking that he would solve the case now that Jennifer is found. When Harry removes Eliot's gag, he angrily screams at Harry and inadvertently confesses to organizing the whole kidnapping and Eliot he cannot figure how a moron like Harry unearthed his kidnapping plan. A surprised Harry leaves the room and tells the nearby policemen to arrest and book Eliot. Days later, Harry is made president of the company. He says goodbye to Nikki and P.J. Downing for his safe return of Jennifer. Nikki asks Harry if they could keep in touch should another case comes up, and Harry tells Nikki that he will let her know. After Nikki and her father leave, Harry sits down at his new desk in Eliot's former office. No sooner than as he relaxes at his new position, Harry receives a telephone call from someone asking him to come to San Francisco to help solve a murder in a gay bar. Disguising himself as a drag queen (resembling drag artist Divine... and also implying at Harry Crumb's real sexual orientation), Harry tells his secretary that this is going to be a rough case.
tt0107212
Comedy,Drama,Romance
At Camp Tamakwa in 1972, a group of kids hike with camp owner Uncle "Unca" Lou Handler (Alan Arkin), and come upon a moose in the forest. Twenty years later in September 1992, the former campers prepare to return to Tamakwa for a fall reunion after the regular summer season. Landing on the island, they are greeted by Unca Lou, who invited them back. Brad Berman (Kevin Pollak), one of the returnees, encounters camp maintenance man "Stick" Coder (Sam Raimi), son of the late camp custodian Wylie Coder who has taken over his father's job. Brad observes that Wylie never liked him, and Stick concurs. Even though some of the returnees are married or paired up, Unca Lou insists the women sleep in the girls' cabin, and the men in the boys' cabin, and outlines a week of the sort of camp activities they enjoyed as kids. Jamie Ross (Matt Craven) asks Unca Lou how he can be expected to stay apart from his 21-year-old girl friend, Gwen Daugherty (Kimberly Williams), for six nights, and the counselor responds that he probably won't be able to, but asks that he not harm any wild animals in the process. In their cabin, Jamie, Brad and his cousin, Matthew "Matt" Berman (Vincent Spano), reminisce, and wonder whatever became of Jack Belston (Bill Paxton). Matt recalls that Unca Lou kicked him out of camp. As Jennifer Morton (Elizabeth Perkins), Kelly Berman (Julie Warner) and Gwen unpack in their cabin, Beth Warden (Diane Lane) arrives and is warmly welcomed. Later, Jack arrives. The others are happy to see him, but when he greets Beth, he apologetically says, "I should have been at Rick's funeral." When Unca Lou comes out to start the week's activities, he seems surprised to see Jack. As a first step for the week, he makes his guests take a swimming test, then runs them through their paces on sailing gear and terminology. He tells the group they represent the "golden age" of the camp when everything seemed to come together. As they pair off to go sailing, Matt confides to Jack that he is glad to be away from his cousin, Brad, for a few minutes, and that he is thinking of leaving their clothing manufacturing business. At night, in the kitchen, the group snacks and smokes marijuana. Brad reminisces that Unca Lou used to patrol the camp at night and "bust" anyone he caught violating curfew. Later that evening, Brad returns from the bathroom to discover his roommates have short-sheeted his bed. In the morning, the guys play another trick on Brad, by removing toilet paper from the men's room. At breakfast, the returnees marvel at Unca Lou's ability to remember every camper's name. Unca Lou recalls that he often gave kids who felt left out or lonely a "super secret Indian name." Matt does not believe Unca Lou can remember his secret Indian name, but Lou responds, "Thundering Cloud." Matt is amazed until he learns that Brad's super secret Indian name and every other secret Indian names was also "Thundering Cloud." Unca Lou confesses to the campers that this is the last summer for Camp Tamakwa, since he feels he can no longer connect with the kids. Later, Jack digs a hole near one of the cabins, looking for something he buried years before, but whatever he is looking for is not where he remembers burying it. While out walking with some of the others, Jack is asked why he returned after having been kicked out of camp? He replies that Unca Lou's call reminded him he needed to make amends. That night, after a long day, Kelly asks Matt if he has fallen out of love with her. He protests that they have come up to the camp to have a good time, but she insists they have to work things out between them. She remembers when he used to spend hours saying goodnight to Jennifer when they were kids at camp, and she always wished he had been kissing her instead. Matt gives her a perfunctory kiss and tells her to go to bed. In the men's cabin, the guys pull another prank on the hapless Brad by sticking his hand in warm water while he sleeps, causing him to wet the bed. The next day, watching him from afar, Jennifer and Beth discuss Jack. Beth mentions that Jack was her husband Rick's best friend, and she thinks he is in Alcoholics Anonymous now, and that is what he was referring to when he mentioned making amends. Beth also tells Jennifer she has not made love since Rick passed away. In the evening, after having sex, Gwen suggests to Jamie they could run the camp themselves, but he is not interested; and when she suggests that he is afraid of her having a baby, he tells her he likes his life and she has 15 years before her biological clock winds down. On the grounds at night, Matt runs into Jennifer, but she gives him a peck on the cheek and goes off to bed so he won't get into trouble with the camp counselor. Later that night, the men "raid" the girls' dorm. Matt cannot wake Kelly, so he asks Jennifer to join him, Jack, and Beth outside while Jamie and Gwen stay behind to make love. Meanwhile, Beth and Jack go to the boathouse, where Beth asks Jack why he was kicked out of camp. He tells her about Sam Grover, a junior counselor Unca Lou hired over the phone, only to discover when he arrived that Sam was a black man. Lou gave Sam return train fare, plus one week's pay and sent him home. Jack says he was forced out because he then took something from Lou designed to take him down a peg over the way he treated Sam Grover. Elsewhere, Matt takes Jennifer to an empty cabin, and though both realize they should leave, they start to kiss, only to have Unca Lou burst in on them and escort them back to their dorms. The next day, Jack continues to dig for what he buried, and Jennifer tells Jack that Beth is interested in him. That night the campers watch a promotional film about the camp shot when they were young attendees. Later, Beth and Jack talk by a campfire, but when he tries to kiss her, Beth tells him she is not interested in him that way. At dinner, Matt asks if someone might take over running the camp. The group discusses the idea, but the dynamics of their relationships make it clear that is not likely to happen. The following day, as the others gather on the dock, Gwen rows up in a canoe and takes off the bikini Jamie gave her as a present, saying she does not believe the garment shows enough of her body off to his friends. He demands she put on some clothes, but Gwen refuses to take orders, and he walks away. At night in their dorm, Jennifer assures Kelly that, although she is lonely, she is not trying to steal Matt. The next day, Unca Lou admits to Jack that he was wrong to treat Sam Grover the way he did, but he chose to send Grover away not because he is a racist, but that Unca Lou speculated that other young campers would not react well to a black man being their counselor. When Gwen attempts to return her ring to Jamie, he grabs her roughly. Matt intercedes, and when Unca Lou sees what is going on, he suggests they take their fight to the boxing ring. Although Matt hates boxing and at first takes a beating, he knocks Jamie down and wins the fight. Then Kelly puts on Jamie's boxing gloves and challenges her husband, telling him he cannot ignore her anymore. As Jack again sets to digging, he finally finds what he has been looking for: Unca Lou's silver 1946 Michigan State University Class A Boxing Championship trophy that he stole and buried. Elsewhere, Unca Lou takes Beth to the dilapidated "Everett cabin," and tells her about Oscar and Claire Everett. When Oscar died, he wanted to be "deep sixed" in the lake. After wasting the last 15 years of her life alone in the cabin, Claire Everett died and wanted to be dropped into the lake to be with her husband. Beth accuses Lou of making up the story, but understands it was meant for her. As the final night dance goes on, Matt and Kelly reconcile, Jamie asks Jennifer to dance, Matt reaches an agreement with his cousin Brad to leave their clothing business, Beth takes Jack out to look at the stars and seduces him, and Gwen asks Stick Coder to dance with her. At one point Brad rushes in and gets everyone to follow him to a raft at the pier to watch Beth and Jack rowing in a canoe. Then, in an act of revenge for the tricks they played on him, Brad unties the raft and sets all of them adrift. Meanwhile, Unca Lou returns to his office and finds the trophy standing on his desk. The next morning, as the group boards the boat for home, Matt pulls Unca Lou aside to apologize and say that he cannot take over the camp. However, Beth and Jack are not on board, and when Lou heads back he runs into them. They tell him they want to take over the camp, but do not know where they will get the money. He happily gives them the camp for free. The final scene shows Beth and Jack, the new owners, welcoming a large group of young campers to their new summer camp.
tt0106873
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
While on a stakeout at an amusement park in Los Angeles, California, police detective Ned Ravine (Armand Assante) is approached by a flirtatious, sultry blonde woman (Sean Young). However, he must leave her to pursue culprit Milo Crumley (Blake Clark), known as the "pantyhose bandit." After arresting Milo, Ned, who is also a defense attorney, offers to represent him in court. At his law office, Ned relies on his devoted secretary, Laura (Sherilyn Fenn), who is always efficient except when tortured by flashbacks of her abusive husband. After successfully defending Milo in court, Ned receives a surprise visit from Lola Cain, the blonde woman from the amusement park. The beautiful seductress asks Ned to meet her the following evening to look over some papers that she cannot understand. While workaholic Ned is on police duty at night, his wife, Lana Ravine (Kate Nelligan), has been having an affair with auto mechanic Frank Kelbo (Christopher McDonald). Lana asks Frank's advice about her husband's accident insurance policy, and learns that it contains a triple indemnity rider worth $9 million, if Ned is shot with a pistol, falls from a northbound train, and drowns in a freshwater stream. Undaunted by the complications, Lana plots to murder Ned that weekend while he travels to a legal symposium in Santa Barbara, California, and agrees to share the insurance payout with her lover. She instructs Frank to tamper with Ned's car, so he will be forced to take the train. At his office, Ned receives instructions to meet Lola at Le Hot Club and from there, the two proceed to her mansion. After looking over her "papers," a laundry receipt and a lottery ticket, Ned succumbs to Lola's sexual advances and engages in various erotic scenarios with her throughout the house. In the morning, Ned reminds Lola he is married and cannot continue their affair. The rejection shocks Lola, and she gives Ned a deranged look. Meanwhile, criminal Max Shady (James Remar) is released from prison and is determined to take revenge on Ned for losing his case seven years ago. Laura shows Ned the multiple death threats Shady has faxed to the office, but the attorney believes the criminal just needs to vent his anger and is not concerned. At home, Ned wants to make amends with his estranged wife and buys her a pet skunk, but she is unimpressed and remains focused on killing him. When Ned treats Laura to shopping and dinner for her birthday, she looks at her handsome boss with affection, hoping he will take an interest in her. At the restaurant, an obsessive Lola interrupts them and threatens Ned with an ice pick, giving Laura another reason to worry about her boss's safety. Unable to use his car after the engine goes missing, Ned initially considers flying to Santa Barbara. He is fearful about taking the train since several members of his family have been killed in train wrecks, but Lana persuades him and advises that he stand in the vestibule between cars to calm his nerves. Lana and Frank secretly get on the train with Ned, who is also being followed on board by Max Shady. As the train leaves the station, Ned is anxious and sweating. After he gets up from his seat and walks toward the vestibule, Lana follows. She enters the area and shoots a man in the back, who is standing by the exit door and wearing a suit similar to Ned's. She believes she has shot her husband, but the man who falls out of the train, riddled with bullets, is Max Shady. Ned appears from the adjacent bathroom and is grateful to his wife for risking her life to protect him. However, as a police officer, he must arrest her for Shady's murder, but agrees to serve as her defense attorney. At the murder trial, Ned succeeds in convincing the jury that his wife should be acquitted. As soon as she is free, Lana kills her accomplice Frank over concerns he might betray her. Lola witnesses the deed and blackmails Lana. Ned walks in the house as Lola is talking to his wife, and denies knowing the blonde woman. Later, an angry Ned goes to Lola's mansion and warns her to stay out his life. During their altercation, Lola reveals that Lana is her identical twin sister, who stole her boyfriend Dwayne, the love of her life. When a confused Ned remarks that the two women look completely different, Lola explains that Lana destroyed her original face with a shovel and she had to endure fifty-three plastic surgery operations. Ned is amazed at the beautiful result, but Lola disagrees, calling herself "ugly." She says Dwayne abandoned her for Lana after he saw her transformation. Lola's attempt to destroy her sister's marriage to Ned was part of her revenge. She also tells Ned that Lana murdered the mechanic. When Ned informs Lola that the mechanic's name was Frank Kelbo, she is devastated, realizing that Frank was the son of Dwayne, whose last name was Kelbo. Returning home, Ned finds hot water running in the bathtub, but his wife is absent. Laura, who has been conducting her own investigation, arrives to alert Ned that his wife and Frank were plotting to murder him so they could collect on his insurance policy. She also confides about her difficult past and fleeing from her obsessive-compulsive, abusive husband. As Ned and Laura talk in the kitchen, Lana saws a break in the upstairs handrail, but Lola surprises her sister and drowns her in the bathtub. When Ned goes to investigate the faucet noise, he discovers his wife's dead body and is assaulted by Lola. Meanwhile, downstairs, Laura's sadistic husband sneaks into the house and confronts his wife. After Ned and Laura subdue their attackers, they embrace and share a passionate kiss. Suddenly, the two apparently dead sisters recover and rush at Ned and Laura with sharp objects. However, Laura proves to be a skilled sharpshooter as she simultaneously kills Lana and Lola with two pistols, but blowing out Ned's eardrums when she fired the guns close to his head. In the final scene, Laura and Ned propose marriage and spend their first night together, as the pet skunk watches from his hiding spot in the dresser.
tt0099512
Comedy,Crime,Family
Security guards the bumbling and overweight Chuck (Gailard Sartain) and the taciturn Bobby (Bill Byrge) play a game of Red light/Green light while being night watchmen for Howard County Bank and Trust and are obsessed with elaborate schemes of would-be thieves. They hear a sound coming from a floor polisher that Ernest P. Worrell (Jim Varney) (who works as a night custodian but dreams of being a clerk) is trying to turn on for operation, but he ends up making a mess in the bank and he becomes magnetic from a mishap with the floor polisher. The next day, bank president Oscar Pendlesmythe's assistant, Charlotte Sparrow (Barbara Bush Tyson) orders him to clean up his supernatural mess. Pendlesmythe (Dan Leegant) arrives and wants to terminate Ernest's employment at the bank, but Charlotte has a soft heart for misfits and stray dogs, so she argues on his behalf. Ernest takes a bath at home in a tumble dry washing machine and uses a blow dryer with a wind tunnel force for his evening dinner with Charlotte in a restaurant. He later receives in the mail a summons to jury duty in court and tells the two watchmen about it. During the trial, Dracup Maximum Security Prison convict Rubin Bartlett (Barry Scott) notices that Ernest is a dead ringer for death row inmate Felix Nash (Jim Varney in a dual role) and has his lawyer convince the jury to tour the prison, where Ernest is kidnapped by Nash and another inmate named Lyle (Randall 'Tex' Cobb) and forced to switch places with Nash. Even though he tries to tell the guards he is not Nash, they refuse to believe him. Ernest also does not know that he has a death sentence, which is for Nash. While having lunch, a guard tells them to stand up and be quiet, when he notices Ernest is making a lot of noise, which almost sends him into the cell. Ernest tries to tell one of the prison guards that he is Ernest, not Nash, but the guard calls him "Mr. Funny Man" (which is a mistaken lie), angrily says that he is not funny, and is lying and throws him into the cell right in front of Lyle, who pushes him back. When he pushes him near the prison bars, he tells the guard that he was beaten up (and accidentally slamming the guard's head on the bars). The guard tells Ernest that he will be sent to the hole, which makes Ernest realize he is in jail. Bartlett tells him that Nash has assumed his identity and warns him to keep his mouth shut. Ernest makes several unsuccessful escape attempts, and is soon sent to the electric chair by the prison warden (Charles Napier). The electrocution fails, and Ernest is transformed into a type of superhuman, with the ability to shoot lightning bolts from his hands (that Ernest named himself 'Electroman'). To make his getaway, he blasts a hole in the main gates. However, Bartlett obstructs the escape and attempts to kill Ernest himself, only for Lyle to intervene, knock Bartlett unconscious and allow Ernest to make his escape, knowing that Ernest is different from everyone else. Lyle decides to stay behind because (speaking for the first time) he tells Ernest that he have been in prison most of his adult life and "doen't belong out there". Ernest says goodbye to Lyle and escapes just before Lyle is detained by the prison guards. Making his way home, Ernest discovers that his Pee-wee Herman-like decor has been replaced by a slick Lounge Lizard style of decorating and exclaims, "I've been vandalized - by Elvis!" Meanwhile, Nash is preparing to blast open the bank's vault with a time bomb, with Charlotte and an unconscious Chuck bound nearby. Charlotte begs Nash not to go through with it, and he blurts the truth about being an impostor. Charlotte doesn't believe it until he points out he's done a far better job cleaning the floors than Ernest ever had. Ernest arrives and he and Nash do battle. Ernest gets electrocuted yet again when Nash harshly throws him against an electric cage that the bank had rigged to drop from the ceiling to catch robbers. Now Ernest has become polarized and gained the ability to fly. He uses his super powers to fly through the skylight of the bank with the bomb which leads to a spectacular mid-air explosion. Everyone especially Chuck thinks that Ernest has been killed, until he falls through the skylight and lands on Nash, which leads the warden and the guards to find out Ernest was right all along. Ernest tiredly declares, "I came, I saw, I got blowed up." and then faints.
tt0101694
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Newely widowed business woman Goldie Hawn uncovers evidence that her dead husband was leading a double and sets out to solve the mystery.
tt0094321
Comedy,Music,Romance
Over an animated opening credits sequence, a New York City bookie named Johnny finds evidence of crimes that a high-powered businessman has committed. Johnny locks the incriminating photos and financial records crimes in a bank safe deposit box and gives the key to his girl friend, Nikki Finn (Madonna). When he tries to blackmail the person, the industrialist has Johnny killed, and the thugs stuff his body in the trunk of Nikki's car. Sometime later, Nikki is arrested for the murder. The judge rules it a crime of passion and sentences her to seven years in the Rockford Correctional Institute for women. Four years later. Nikki is paroled on good behavior. As a condition of her parole she is to return to her hometown in Philadelphia for the remainder of her parole. The movie then introduces tax attorney Loudon Trott (Griffin Dunne) on a busy day. He is getting married to the daughter of one of the richest men in New York, Simon Worthington. Loudon's bride Wendy Worthington (Haviland Morris) is a selfish woman who is more consumed in her wedding plans than in the well-being of her fiance. Loudon, on the other hand, has a number of duties entrusted to him by his boss (and future father-in-law), Mr. Worthington (John McMartin). Simon Worthington calls Loudon into his office where he orders him to pick up Nikki upon her release, and make sure she gets on a bus for Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Worthington does not explain Nikki's background, merely stating it is a charitable mission for the company known as: "Operation Prisoner Shuttle." En route to the prison, Loudon Trott stops at the docks to pick up a package for another client, millionaire Montgomery Bell (John Mills). Loudon is stunned to find the package is a full grown cougar, a rare, nearly extinct Patagonia felis concolor, which only mates every twenty-six months. With the cougar locked in a cage in the back seat of Simon Worthington's Rolls Royce convertible, Loudon picks up Nikki Finn from the prison. The young woman insists on stopping at a shopping mall to buy presents for her family before getting on the bus. Meanwhile police detectives Bellson and Doyle follow Nikki. They arranged for her early release in hope that she would lead them to the evidence Johnny had and the identity of the real murderer. At the shopping mall, Nikki now has a new wardrobe and steals some music cassette tapes from a local Sam Goody record store, and plants one on a leering guy who she sends out of the store which triggers the alarm, and allows Nikki to leave with the alarm blaring and the guy getting picked up by security for shoplifting. After leaving the shopping mall, Nikki refuses to leave town until she buys a gun in Harlem from a weapons dealer that a cellmate used to know. Loudon agrees to placate her, and lets Nikki drive the Rolls Royce. However, her reckless driving prompts police to pull her over, and causes Loudon to collapse. Police take Loudon to the hospital, believing he is having a heart attack. There, Nikki tells hospital authorities that she is Loudon's wife, and while he is unconscious, she takes his wallet and clothes, and flees in his automobile. When Loudon awakens, he takes a taxicab to Harlem, where he finds vandals spray painting graffiti on the Rolls Royce and stealing its parts. The cougar, which Nikki has named "Murray," has escaped. Loudon finds Nikki buying a gun in a seedy apartment, as police raid the gun dealer's apartment. Nikki and Loudon escape via the roof and avoid arrest. After hiding in the closet of a next door apartment building, Nikki sets off the fire alarm and building sprinklers and she and Loudon escape again. Afterward, while hiding out in a trash dumpster, Nikki whistles, and Murray comes running to her. Here she confides (and flirts) with Loudon as she insists on clearing her name. Nikki still has the key to Johnny's bank deposit box, but does not know the the name of the bank or the box number. However, she tells him that the pimp Raoul (Coati Mundi) and his lackey Benny (Dennis Burkley), the people who killed Johnny, does know. Simon Worthington telephones Loudon on his car phone, demanding that he get Nikki on the bus. Loudon promises to carry out the assignment, even though he has come to despise the free-spirited woman. When Nikki and Loudon find Raoul, a fight ensues as Nikki, using her semi-automatic handgun, holds Raoul and Benny hostage while Loudon drives the limo they are in erratically leading to the top level of a parking garage, with the limo dangling on the edge of the building. Eventually, Raoul reveals the name of the bank in Manhattan and he and Nikki get away as the limo falls off the building and into the Hudson River. En route, Loudon stops at Cartier to pick up his wedding rings. As Nikki tries on a necklace, she takes off the chain with the safe deposit key on it. The store clerk notices that the clasp on her chain is broken, and as he tries to fix it, the key falls into a package. However, a delivery man named Buck (James Dietz) takes the package away before they can retrieve it. Nikki and Loudon follow the delivery truck, which coincidentally arrives at the apartment of Loudon's fiancee, Wendy Worthington. His betrothed is holding a bridal shower, and Nikki introduces herself as Loudon's cousin from Atlanta. They retrieve the key, but by the time they get to the bank, it has closed for the day. Meanwhile, Raoul and Benny, having survived their drop into the river, arrive at Wendy's house and take her and all five of her bridesmaids hostage. Sometime later, Loudon meets with three-person co-op board of an apartment he and Wendy hope to move into. When Wendy is late for the meeting, Loudon convinces Nikki to pose as his girlfriend. As the meeting gets underway, Raoul and Benny arrive, holding Wendy at knife-point. Nikki convinces Raoul to let Wendy go and take her instead. Afterward, Nikki whistles for Murray, who scares Raoul and Benny, and Nikki flees with the cougar. That evening, Loudon goes to millionaire Montgomery Bell's townhouse to report that he has lost Murray, but he is surprised to find Nikki and the cougar already there. Montgomery shows them the Brazilian rain-forest-style refuge for endangered species that he is building in his backyard, already filled with exotic animals. Enchanted by the magical refuge, Loudon and Nikki kiss, while Murray and another cougar begin mating. The next morning, Loudon takes Nikki to the bank where she retrieves the envelope from the safe deposit box, but she does not examine the evidence. Loudon puts her on a bus headed to Philadelphia, then goes to the Worthington estate where his wedding is about to take place. Once on the bus, Nikki looks opens the envelope and is stunned to see it incriminates Simon Worthington, Loudon's soon-to-be father-in-law. Nikki convinces the bus driver to turn around and take her to the Worthington estate, where she climbs the fence and interrupts the ceremony, announcing that Simon Worthington is an embezzler and a murderer. Nikki demands that the ceremony cannot continue because Loudon is in love with her. Loudon admits it is true and calls off the wedding. When Simon Worthington tries to escape, he is arrested by police, along with Raoul. Unfazed, Wendy leaves with the hunky delivery man Buck. Later in the final scene, Nikki and Loudon take the bus to Philadelphia, where they plan to open an animal hospital. The film ends with Nikki and Loudon riding off into the sunset on a bus to Philadelphia, with Murray and his cougar partner chasing after them.
tt0102818
Action,Drama,Thriller
In Cambridge, Massachusetts, Harvard University law student Charlie Farrow (Patrick Dempsey) wins a poker game with his roommates, who are amazed by his consistent good luck. His employer, an automobile mechanic, assigns Charlie to deliver a customer's Porsche to Atlantic City, New Jersey. When the car breaks down near the town of Sawtucket, Connecticut, Charlie leaves it with a mechanic, then asks a taxicab driver (Peter Williams) to take him to a good restaurant. Based on his customer's car and destination, the driver incorrectly concludes that Charlie is a wealthy gambler, and takes him to the Smokehouse, an illegal gambling casino. At the casino, Charlie joins a poker game conducted by dealer Karen Landers (Kelly Preston). Denny Halloran (A.C. Preston), an ill-tempered gangster who has lost steadily throughout the game, blames Karen for his bad luck and insists on dealing the next hand himself. When Charlie wins the hand, Karen advises him to leave the casino while Denny is in the restroom. Denny intercepts Charlie at the exit, but trips and strikes his head on a marble counter, which kills him instantly. Karen witnesses the incident and advises Charlie to leave town. Charlie returns to the waiting taxicab and explains his plight to the driver, who reveals that Denny was the son of crime boss Matt Halloran, and pushes Charlie from the car. Charlie runs to the repair shop to find it surrounded by gangsters, and the Porsche destroyed by a runaway bulldozer. Meanwhile, in his office at the dog track, Matt Halloran (Ken Pogue) is offered condolences by Police Chief Travers (Marc Strange). Although the crime boss wants revenge against his son's purported "killer", Travers insists on following legal protocol. Matt Halloran wins the argument by threatening the life of the chief's son. Mr. Halloran offers his men $50,000 to capture Charlie alive, and circulates a photograph of Charlie Farrow to the news media. At the police station, Detective Martins (Christopher Lawford) is puzzled by the case, noting that Charlie has no criminal past, and would likely not survive a fight with Denny Halloran. His colleague, Sergeant Halsey (William S. Taylor), advises Martins not to question the logic... hinting at the rampant corruption in their town. That evening at nightfall, Charlie calls Chief Travers from a telephone booth, asking for police protection. He gives the chief his location and waits nearby while another man enters the booth. Seconds later, Halloran's thugs abduct the man in the booth, while police officers O'Rourke (Michael MacRae) and Smithy (Tom McBeath) follow Charlie, hoping to capture him for the reward. Charlie takes refuge in a bowling alley, where a vigilant cashier notifies Matt Halloran by phone. Henchmen Marv (Sean McCann) and Sammy (James Kidnie) are deployed to the bowling alley, and after a harrowing pursuit through the pin-setting apparatus, Charlie escapes to find O'Rourke and Smithy waiting outside. Ignoring Charlie's request for police protection, the two officers turn him over to Sammy and Marv. Sgt. Halsey appears, demanding to know why the officers have been ignoring calls from the station. When Charlie breaks free and runs toward Halsey, O'Rourke fires his gun and accidentally kills the sergeant. Sammy and Marv leave the scene in a panic, while O'Rourke notifies the police dispatcher and tells them that Charlie is responsible for the shooting. Charlie commandeers Halsey's car, with the two corrupt officers in pursuit. Although Smithy is shaken by their colleague's death, O'Rourke is determined to get the reward, and threatens to implicate his partner in the shooting if he refuses to comply. Meanwhile, Det. Martins informs Chief Travers that witnesses at the Smokehouse all gave dissimilar accounts saying that Charlie killed Denny Halloran intentionally, causing him to question Charlie's guilt. The chief dismisses Martin's concerns, noting that Charlie has killed Sgt. Halsey. With the entire mob-connected police force and Halloran's gang searching for him, Charlie tries to blend into the crowd at a shopping mall. Karen Landers notices Charlie among the shoppers and makes her way toward the exit, hoping to avoid him. When Charlie's photograph appears on a television broadcast, he is confronted by Bill, a mall security guard. Charlie grabs Bill's gun and disappears into the crowd as Det. Martins orders the exits blocked. Realizing he is trapped, Charlie falsely alerts the crowd to the presence of a bomb, and joins the stampede toward the exits. He recognizes Karen Landers in the parking lot and climbs into her car, begging for her assistance. Upon arriving at her home, Karen tries to run away from Charlie, but he promises to leave after he telephones the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to report this and to report the huge corruption in this Mafia-owned town. Unknown to Charlie, the FBI traces the call and directs the local police to Karen's house. O'Rourke volunteers himself and Smithy as the first to enter, intending to kill Charlie, unaware that Karen and Charlie are speeding toward the city limits, planning to expose Matt Halloran and his control over the entire town to in the national media. Two of Halloran's thugs intercept Karen and Charlie, and chase them through an amusement park, riddling their car with bullets. The thugs strike a utility pole and are electrocuted by downed power lines. When Charlie takes Karen to the hospital for a minor bullet wound, he is discovered by O'Rourke and Smithy, who pursue him through the hospital parking structure. Charlie steals a pickup truck and rams the police car, causing it to teeter on a ledge five stories above the street. He counterbalances the car by leaning on the bumper, but it breaks loose and both officers are killed in the fall. Charlie surrenders to police, and is taken into custody by Travers and Martins. Suspecting that Charlie is innocent of his alleged crimes, Travers intends to deliver him to the FBI office in a neighboring county. However, Sammy and Marv appear from behind and force the car off an embankment, leaving Travers dead and Martins unconscious. Charlie is taken to Matt Halloran's office at the dog track, where he tries to explain Denny's accidental death. The cold-hearted Halloran beats Charlie unconscious, then orders Sammy and Marv to drop him from the roof of the building. As they throw him over the edge, Charlie grabs onto Marv's pants and climbs to safety, while causing both gangsters to fall to their deaths. Halloran sees his henchmen fall past the window and alerts Frank, his security chief. Frank chases Charlie into the kitchen, where he is knocked unconscious and relieved of his gun. Charlie takes refuge in a shed containing the track's mechanical rabbit mechanism. Halloran inadvertently activates the device as he fires his gun through the door. The crime boss corners Charlie inside, but is impaled on the mechanical rabbit. In the final shot, Detective Martins bursts through the door and is astonished by Charlie's unlikely victory.
tt0109297
Crime,Drama,Mystery
A bar in which an Irish-sounding band called The Drovers (Sean C. Cleland, Craig Winston Damon, Michael Kirkpatrick & David Callahan) are playing music. A group of executive dudes is creating a bit of a mess. One of them gets cocky and tells the rest of his beer-drinking buds that he's is going to know that girl sexually, and he points to the young woman who's playing the fiddler. The rest of the men bet him twenty dollars that he won't be able to seduce the woman. The cocky man gets up and dances duck-style in front of the female player, who looks so lost in her music, that she doesn't even realise he's there. The cocky man grows wilder and wilder and he makes a full striptease in front of everybody, trying to impress her, reaching to the point when he shows her his ass... to no avail. Another female patron (Caryn Cheever) of the bar gets excited and starts throwing money to the cocky man, as though that were a strip nightclub and he were performing for her. The camera lens approaches the fiddler player, who is called Emma Brody (Madeleine Stower) and the audience can see that there's a kind of shroud over her blue eyes: she is blind, and that's why she didn't take any notice of the cocky man at all. The concert finishes and everybody is happy because the public had the best time of their lives. Her friend Candice (Laurie Metcalf) congratulates the band while they are packing their things into their van, especially Emma who drove everybody wild, but she says that her biggest fan is her dog Ralphie (Louie). On the underground train, we can see Ralphie on his harness, as a leading dog. A passenger (Kevin Mathews) pets Ralphie on his head saying "nice dog". Emma arrives to his flat in a bulding called "Flat Iron Building". She knows that the clerk, Mr Cuchetto (Mario Tanzi) is in the main lobby, although he tries to hide and doesn't say anything until she has acknowledged him. She sits in front of the TV while muching something and giving some to Ralphie. Doctor Ryan Pierce (Peter Friedman) phones her to tell her that they've finally found a doctor for her although it's Saturday night. The organs of the donor can't wait anymore. Things move fast as Emma is going to have her corneas implanted. Pierce fills up the form for her as it looks like the nurse (Renee Lockett-Lawson) is not very helpful. A man wakes up alongside a woman (Kate Buddeke) he doesn't seem to quite recapture. He dresses and leaves, steals the newspaper and a young boy (Dallas J. Crawford) asks him whether he's the new "Mr Whitney", to which he answers he's Santa Claus. To give rid of the child, he gives him some bucks. Emma has had surgery on only one eye. Nurse Bobby (Sam Sanders) and Emma crack a few jokes before taking her bandage off. She is nervous, and wants to be alone with the surgeon. Emma cries when she sees Pierce's face, although in a dizzy and distorted way. Light blinds her, but Emma can look at herself in the mirror, although her face feels distorted as well. Now, her left eye looks brown, but her right eye is still of that light veiled blue colour. Somebody knocks at her door, opens it but leaves without answering to her questions of who it was. Dr Pierce says that Emma can see, but that she isn't able to recognise what she sees quite well. Emma tells come in to Candice, but who enters is Dr Pierce. When she describes her lady visitor, Dr Pierce tells her that that was Candice, but that she brought the bunch of flowers the day before. Dr Pierce thinks that she may have a perceptual delay in recognition. Soon, Emma has her right eye performed surgery on. Soon, she is well enough to call on her family, with whom Ralphie has stayed all the time during Emma's hospital stay. There, a reporter, (Lia D. Mortensen) interviews her. Emma asks the reporter if she is pretty, and she answers that her boyfriend tells her she is. Emma seems to have low self-esteem. Emma comes back home with Ralphie, but as soon as she arrives to the stairs she lets him go free, and she goes afterwards on her own. She falls down because of her blurry eyesight. One neighbour, Valerie Wheaton (Joy Gregory) of her appears and tells her that she has slid a letter for her which got delievered to her home. Emma does the rest of the climbing up on her own. Back home, Ralphie stares at Emma's drunk behaviour: she throws a glass to her reflection and a slipper to the tv set. Emma goes to the door and sees a shadow which she thinks it must be the clerk. Somebody whispers "Emma, it's alright" and leaves. The following morning, Emma wakes up in half a stupor. She sees that the door to her apartment is open and goes to close it, when she sees a dangerous staring at her. She feels surprised and turns around, seeing the man staring back at her in her apartment. She leaves out a soft cry, but immediately she only sees the blurry images of the courtains and Ralphie barking at her. Emma bangs on Valerie's door, but nor she neither Mr Cuchetto open up their doors. Emma heads for the main door of her building. Even the face of an old bump (Les Podewell) looks scary. The police station is noisy and nobody has the time to sit and talk to her ordeal. So she decides to talk to Detective John Hallstrom (Aidan Quinn), who is munching on a doghnout. Aidan seems to be laughing at her, so she gets impatient and asks if cops do something or just sit around and drink coffee. John asks her if she drank something last night, and when she admits that she had drunk a lot of wine, he gets rid of her because she couldn't read a funny poster saying "Detectives do it under cover". She says she asked for him because of his voice. Leuetenant Mitchell (Brudce A. Young) arrives, and tells John to clean up his office space, but John leaves the task to Thomas Ridgely (James Remar), who was the cop which didn't have the time to listen to Emma first. On her following revision, Emma complains to Pierce that she feels like an idiot and that she looks like her mother. Pierce tells her that she is pretty. The bloody body of Valerie Wheaton appears on her bathtub. She was raped and strangled. The forensic doctor (Darryl Rocky Davis) feels disgusted at John's humour, questioning the dead boty about what happened. John knocks at Emma's door and they recognise each other immediately. Valerie used to have a lover whom she would call "baby". The man who said "Emma, it's alright", was not Mr Cachutto, as he had a different voice. The conversation ends with Emma asking him if he likes roses, because she can smell the scent. All the interrogation takes place at the light of some candles, so that Emma's eyes can't hurt her. John talks to Mitchell now that he has started to believe her. When Emma returns to her apartment, a cop opens the door for her. At the stairs, she confuses another cop with Valerie jumping in front of her with her toungue out. She also remembers herself as a child (Heather Schwartz), applying some lipstick when her mother (Marilyn Dodds Frank) appears and knocks her face in the mirror. Candice and Emma go see a basketball match in which Michael Jordan (Himself) is playing. They have a sexy conversation in which Emma says that, when she is having sex with a man, she can picture anyone she pleases in her mind. Meanwhile, the police focus on Valerie's necklace, a Greek-looking Catholic cross. All the cops give Hallstrom a hard time about the case and Emma. The Dovers - with Emma - play at the Metro, a huge venue which stays sold out. Emma has trouble playing because the images she sees confuse her, but tries to concentrate. At one point, she thinks she sees the man at her doorstep among the audience. She stops playing and tells Candice to call Hallstrom. She tries to identify the attacant among a series of suspects; at first, she thinks she has identified number 4, but then her sight clears and the man (Ed Clay) is nothing like the man she saw. Hallstrom is angry because she had said that her sight was better. He asks about her mother, but she refuses to comment on that. They have a conversation while having some coffee. Soon afterwards, Pierce can testify that Emma can now see and read. While walking down a corridor, Emma thinks she can recognise a man there, but then, there is nobody in the corridor. Emma leaves the hospital with Ralphie. Ralph acts weirdly, stopping, pulling from Emma backwards, and then running to a small pool of.. may be blood? Ralph barks, maybe at the underground train, maybe at a man who is in the parking lot. Ralph runs after him, barking, but the man runs away and another car drives over poor Ralphie. She tells the cops that Ralph could smell the man. Ralph is badly-hurt but alive. Now it's Mitchell who thinks that Emma is a dead-end for the case. John emphasizes that she saw him, so he visits her afterwards. Even a small lamp can hurt her eyes, and she admits that she saw Valerie and her father after they were dead. Emma goes mad and breaks every lightbulb to pieces. John pushes her against the wall, and it looks like there is some attraction between them. The parade of Saint Patrick's day. A cop, (Kevin D. Swerdlow), mentions to John that she plays the violin. He goers to listen to her at a bar, and somehow looks enraptured by her violin solo. Candice thinks that Hallstrom is good-looking, but he has to follow Emma going out with Frank. However, she kisses outside and then comes into her apartment alone. She realises that he's following her. John Hallstrom goes up to Emma's apartment, and they make love. A cop called Officer Crowe (Matt Roth) is waiting outside Emma's reading a newspaper in order to keep her safe and there's an ackward moment with Hallstrom. Still naked, Emma smells the roses. John and Emma attend a baseball match and end up making love again. Cut to Margaret Tattersall (Lucy Childs) talking endlessly on the phone, while her dog is barking outside. A man approaches from her back and attacks her, with a necklace similar to Valerie's held in his hands. Meanwhile, John and Emma are having breakfast and making love again, but a call interrupts them. John takes Emma to the police station, but Ridgeley asks him what she's doing there. John insists that she saw the murderer. Lt Mitchell reminds him that he can't discuss the case with anybody, and John says that he should take him out of the case. John goes to the Tattersalls' home, and there, the angry son Mark (Blake Whealy) is playing basketball because nobody wants to state clearly to him that his mother is dead. John finds a bunch of red roses in the floor, which was going to be a present from Mr Tattersall (Tim Monsion) to his wife. The widower points to a photograph of the family, and in the back, a priest (Don Forston) walks out. John sits in his car nervously biting his nails. Emma goes back to her apartment on her own. She opens up her wardrobe and there are two eyes painted on the full-length mirror. John shows a photograph of that to Ridgely. Emma and John argue, and she ends up punching him in the face. In the ensuing fight, a mirror gets broken to pieces so that Emma hurts one of her hands. She gets very angry and she tells him to "get the fuck away" and storms off. She goes to pick the underground train, but the station is empty. John runs after her but it's too late. Ridgely shouts to him that he's put her into danger and has jeopardized all the case. At the platform, Emma sees the shadow of a man approaching. She moves backwards, terrified. She jumps onto her train, but the man has jumped onto it as well. She starts to run in a panic. She cries "help" to several other female passengers, but nobody moves. It looks like this time it's really the man she saw. Emma stops when she says a girl with her face bloodied. The conductor (Jackie Samuel) approaches Emma, who has fainted. The man following her was Ridgely, because John had told him that Emma might be taking the underground. Emma goes to another check-out with Dr Pierce, who gives an ackward feeling to me washing his hands like crazy. Emma goes to the police station to talk to John, but Mitchell tells her that he's not there. Emma is about to leave, but she finally decides to talk to Lt Mitchell, stating that the murderer washes his hands as a surgeon would do. Meanwhile, John goes to the hospital and talks to the nurse who keeps the records (Mary Seibel) and gets the name of Leslie Davison, the blood donor for Emma's surgery. He got the clue from reading Emma's mail, after understanding that there was a mishap with Emma and Valerie's addresses. He tells the rest of cops that Leslie Davison's organs were to different people, and that Mrs Tattersall was one of them, Emma was another, and that Valerie was killed by mistake. Pierce insists to Emma that the donor's family wants to see her, because her father wants to know if the organs of Leslie changed the receptor's life. Emma kinda holds her violin, not wanting to listen to him. Dr Pierce can't even enter her apartment, as the watching cop is still outside. When Pierce is about to disappear, Emma opens the door. Mrs. Davison (Mary Ann Thebus) lets John check Leslie's belongings, kept in a cartonbox. Hallstrom sees that, among them belongings, there is a Catholic cross necklace, similar to the one found on Valerie's body. Crowe takes Emma to Mrs. Davison's and he waits outside, putting the car onto a car wash. Emma tries to visit Mrs Davison, but she is not home. She leaves, and tells Crowe, who accompanied her but waited outside, not to go away, because she wanted to go home. However, the man Emma had seen is inside the police car, having killed Crowe. Emma tries to run away, but he takes her, closing the rail door. Hallstrom and Ridgely are talking to two nurses (Valerie Spencer and Kathryn Miller) who are able to describe the man who came looking for the child who received a donation. One of the nurses recognises the name of Neal Booker (Paul Dillon), who used to be very angry and upset. The guy looks at Emma in her eyes and talks to her as if she were Leslie, commenting that her eyes look different, but that eyes are the windows of the soul. Emma talks to him, trying to appease him: she is trapped inside the enclosed parking space. She picks Crowe's gun from him and shoots - however, her eyes had misguided her once again, as she has shot to the place where Booker used to stand, but is not standing in anymore. Neal Booker laughs, and talks to her while moving continuously. He tells her that he's closer than she thinks, and that she wouldn't even notice him if he were standing by her side, but Emma can guide herself by the voice and by what little she sees inside the garage, and can shoot quite close to him. She shoots the lights, so that he will be at a disadvantage, not her, and Neal Booker starts to whistle. Emma moves out of her cover while the police siren's long weil is approaching. Neal attacks her from behind, and Emma shouts "I'm here" and hides under a car, but with all the racket of cars and police people approaching, nobody seems to listen to her cries for help. The alarm of a car goes off when Emma pushes Neal against a car during their fight. The sound can be heard outside, but nobody listens to it. Hallstrom and Ridgely get into Neal Booker's flat, in which there are still pictures and drawings of Leslie Davison. As nobody is there, both cops leave the place. Outside, dumb Hallstrom makes a comment "somebody stop that noise", about the alarm car. The next thing they hear, Emma is shooting Neal Booker, who was approaching her menathingly, telling her that she was not good enough. Emma has killed Neal. The cops enter, and the alarm of the car suddenly shuts itself off! Another cop takes her out of the place. Mitchell looks at Emma with something similar to admiration. She leaves after having given her declaration out at the police station. Ridgely offers to take her home, but when she is about to get in, she notices dirty John with Ralph. Ridgely looks jealous when she leaves with them. John and Emma kiss. Cut to Emma playing with the Drovers. End credits. ---written by KrystelClaire
tt0110066
Comedy
Kevin Franklin (Sinbad) is an inner-city Pittsburgh native; raised in an orphanage, he has delusions of grandeur and talks about one day getting rich and driving a Porsche. 25 years later, Kevin drives a rusted MG Midget and all his ambitions revolve around a series of ill-fated get-rich-quick schemes. A handshake loan of $5,000 from the mob grows to $50,000 through interest and penalties, resulting in his trying to skip town at Pittsburgh International Airport. Kevin overhears a conversation between lawyer Gary Young (Phil Hartman) and his wife Emily (Kim Greist), who are waiting to pick up Young's childhood friend Derek Bond, who is now a successful, straight-laced and vegetarian dentist. Upon hearing Young say that he hasn't seen Bond in 25 years and doesn't know what he looks like, Franklin gives his ball cap to the real Bond to throw off the two dim-witted mobsters chasing him and poses as Bond to the Youngs, who take him to their posh home in Sewickley. Although he knows nothing about dentistry, Franklin still manages to convince those around him that he is in fact Derek Bond, and his affable personality makes him popular with Young's otherwise stuffy and rich neighbors and associates. Young has little time for his children and his wife's new frozen yogurt business, which gradually builds a gap between them, largely due to the demands of his bigoted, arrogant boss (Mason Adams) at the law firm where he works; this leads to Franklin developing a bond with Young's Goth daughter, helping her stand up to her cheating boyfriend, and his young son, who has aspirations of playing pro basketball. Young eventually stands up to his boss with Kevin's support and quits the firm to be with his family. Meanwhile, the mob thugs threaten Kevin's best friend Larry (Stan Shaw) into revealing his whereabouts, and Franklin asks Larry to pick him up when tensions in the house run high. After Larry does so reluctantly, he sparks an argument with Kevin over his lack of appreciation of friendship, causing Kevin to realize that Young has been his friend all along. He returns to the family only to find that the mobsters have taken them hostage, and Kevin's true identity is revealed when the real Derek Bond finally shows up. After the mobsters take Kevin away, he manages to escape, and loses them in a charity marathon, where he meets up with Young, who graciously decides to help Kevin despite his charade, in return for helping bring Young's family closer together. Kevin reveals that he has an instant lottery ticket he purchased the previous day for a chance at a $1,000,000 cash prize spin on a Saturday night TV show, which he reluctantly gives up to the mobsters in exchange for the forgiveness of his debt. Some time later, Kevin parallel parks a shiny new red Porsche in front of the Young household, appearing for a promotional party for his new best-seller book "Handbook for Houseguests", based on his experiences with the family. The partygoers gather in front of the TV to watch the mobsters spin the wheel for the jackpot. The wheel initially lands on the million dollar jackpot, but then falls and lands on $5000, much to the mafia don's dismay. During the closing credits, Hartman and Sinbad sing a medley of food-based parodies of Christmas songs.
tt0376196
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Ford Cole (Ray Liotta) is a big-city district attorney with his eye on the mayor's office and a big problem on his hands. His assistant district attorney, Nora Timmer (Jolene Blalock), confessed to killing a man in what she claims was self-defense. Things get worse when a stranger named Luther Pinks (LL Cool J) comes to the police station and contradicts her story. With his career and maybe his life on the line, Ford has a few hours until 5am August 17 to sort the truth from the lies. Danny (Taye Diggs) is a gang leader that has built an empire across eleven cities and is buying up all the land in a bad part of town that would be worth a fortune if the buildings were torn down and the area was rebuilt. Ford thinks he can cinch the election if he can catch Danny. The problem is he has no idea what Danny looks like. He gets a break when he finds out Nora dropped charges against Jeffery Sykes (Taye Diggs), a known Danny associate, and Ford uses him to ID Danny. Sykes IDs Pinks as Danny. Ford figures out Nora has set him up and she is working for Danny. Ford also figures out that there will be a gas explosion that will level the neighborhood at 5am. Ford gets there in time but does not stop the explosion. So with Danny now owning the neighborhood, Ford decides to force a confrontation with Nora and Pinks who Sykes ID'ed as Danny. Ford tells Nora he has Danny and drags her to the interrogation room where Pinks is. In the hallway, Nora sees Sykes and calls him Danny and tells him she didn't give the police anything to hold against him. Sykes, IDed as Danny, shoots a cop and runs. Ford kills Sykes thinking it's Danny. Ford confronts Pinks who confesses he is undercover FBI. Pinks leaves with a reporter that was doing a story on Ford (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and as Pinks and the reporter congratulate themselves on outsmarting everyone, they are being taped by the FBI. The reporter, the real Danny, is arrested leaving all of the neighborhood ownership to a Cayman Island corporation controlled by Jackie Longbough aka Nora Timmer. Jackie insured that Ford, the Mayor, police chief and governor all had ownership in the corporation. This would all be revealed if there were a court case. Closing scene shows Jackie in the Cayman Islands.
tt0326900
Comedy,Drama,Family
Twelve-year-old Owen Baker (Liam Aiken) made a deal with his parents, that if he works hard as a neighborhood dog-walker all summer, they will reward him with a dog of his own. Summer ends and they go to the dog pound to adopt a dog. Owen chooses a dog that has just flown to Earth from Sirius the `Dog Star' and names him Hubble. Hubble (Canid 3942 - voiced by Matthew Broderick) is a secret agent sent to Earth to investigate why Earth dogs haven't communicated with Sirius. Thousands of years earlier, dogs from Sirius were sent on a mission to colonize and rule Earth. The Great Dane leader has heard rumors that Earth dogs have strayed from their mission, and that they are now pets of humans. If she finds this to be true, she will recall all the dogs on Earth back to Sirius. One night Owen follows Hubble to his spaceship, and while the dog is communicating with Sirius, Owen has an accident with the communicator, enabling him to understand what dogs are saying. Together, Owen and Hubble must shape up the dogs that Owen has been walking, before the Great Dane arrives on Earth. The fate of all Earth dogs hangs in the balance. This is a good simple movie for kids. Not a lot of action or special effects, but it has a good story line of a boy and his dog, even though the dog is from outer space. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0118040
Drama,Mystery,Sci-Fi
In Unforgettable Ray Liotta plays Dr. David Krane, a medical examiner investigating crime scenes for the Seattle Police. While investigating a drug store robbery and murder he discovers a clue that he believes is a direct connection to the unsolved identity of the person who killed his wife. Dr. Krane's wife was found murdered in their home, and the doctor was tried but not convicted, on the grounds that the Police mishandled evidence. Krane, a recovering alcoholic, is still obsessed with solving his wife's murder. Krane attends the lecture of Dr. Martha Briggs (Linda Fiorentino), who is studying the technique of memory transferal in rats that involves injecting spinal fluid from one animal to another. When Krane steals the serum and begins combining it with spinal fluid from recently murdered victims he is able to experience a host of sensations the primary one being the actual visual memory of the murderer in the cases. The major threat to the serum is that it puts tremendous pressure of the human sensory system and can lead to heart attacks in humans. When Dr. Briggs realizes that he has stolen his serum and is abusing it she is both fascinated but alarmed and tries to stop him, or at least attend to him given his drive to continue self-administering the dangerous formula. Krane discovers the identity of the drug store murderer Eddie Dutton (Kim Coates) through his sensory reclaiming of the victim's spinal fluid and also concludes from specific mannerisms of the criminal that Dutton is the man who killed Krane's wife. Police Inspector Don Bresler (Peter Coyote) intervenes to prevent Krane from discovering more about the past of Eddie Dutton, but Detective Stewart Gleick (Chris McDonald) initially against Krane begins to see some possible miss-doings in the Police force and takes steps to support Krane and find the killer of his wife. When Krane gains possession of his own wife's spinal fluid and with Dr. Briggs assistance injects himself with it, the results bring about the discovery and involvement of more than he considered.
tt0279286
Comedy,Family,Romance
Kevin Gibbons (Lance Bass) is singing in his prom night with his band. Everything is going alright, until the girl of his dreams arrives with her boyfriend, and Kevin fucks it up big time: he starts sweating, freezes and then passes out. Seven years later, Kevin works for an advertising agency which wants to prepare a campaign for Reebok. For that, his boss Mr Higgins (Dave Foley) tells him that he needs a lot of charisma and confidence, which is the image Reebok wants to portray. Boss assings Kevin to work in a team with Jackie (Tamala Jones), who basically thinks that Kevin is a bit useless and a pain on the neck. She doesn't like much the ideas put forward by Kevin. The next morning, Kevin goes to work in the same train as always. Taken away by the music he is listening to, he stands up and sings it aloud. All the rest of commuters look at him like he's a weird guy, except for one girl, -nameless, but which the audience will know later that her name is Rod- (Joey Fatone) who says she's liked his performance. They start talking. She studies archaelogy, and she notices his company pass saying he works for FKR agency. They keep on chatting, and they get off in the same station. While they are leaving, he asks her to tell him something which she would only tell a complete stranger she will never see again. So she says that her dad is a pilot and that she loves creating paper planes. She makes one, throws it up and it crashes onto some guy's thick afro hairstyle. His secret is that he can name all the presidents in order. She can name them as well. When they have to go separate ways, there is a weird moment of silence but she leaves to go wherever she needs to go. Kevin admits to his friends that the only thing he was able to say was "It was a pleasure committing with you.". They laugh about him. Eric (GQ) talks about Kevin's legendary lack of confidence. They are at a rock bar, discussing the matter. They all remember Kevin's disastrous night during his prom while playing with his school band. At home, Rod makes another paper plane, and she remembers her weekend in Chicago. Her friend Sam (Kristin Booth) asks her about the weekend she met with her boyfriend, but Rod is not so enthusiastic about that. She is more interested in that guy she met on the train. Boss presents the slogan for Reebok, "Step into the Future", but they expected a warmer tagline. Kevin is blamed for the disaster, and in frustration, he starts daydreaming. A song starts to sound, and he makes plenty of photocopies "Are you her? We met on the train. We talked about the presidents" with his telephone number. He distributes this all over town. A journalist called Randy "Freaky" Francis (James Bulliard) sees it and his editor thinks he's got a story. It happens that he was the guy who was dumped by the girl who went to her prom with Kevin instead of him. He is still on the story. When Kevin comes back home, the phone is ringing but none of his two flatmates picks it up. He does, and it's a girl who says she is the girl from the train. They will meet at 1:00. Of course, it's not her, because Rod is dating with her boyfriend, whom she has less and less in common. The weirdo who wants to date Kevin felt a "cosmic connection" with him by reading his poster. Rod's boyfriend is answering his phone all the time and keeps on forgetting her. She starts making a paper plane, bus his boyfriend buys her out with two tickets for the Al Green (himself) concert. Brady phones Kevin to interview him. The next day, the story gets printed, and everybody in the office giggles at Kevin behind his back - and in front of. The people at Reebok wants Kevin officially on the team which is working on their campaign, as they want that kind of passion. Margie the Receptionist (Jenny Parsons) is the one who has to deal with some of the prank calls Kevin and his friends go to a baseball match where Eric is hit with a ball for the third time. The Reebok campaign goes on, but so many calls from different girls are starting to get disruptive. Mr Higgins thinks that Kevin is still lacking drive and confidence. Jackie is constantly pouting at Kevin's childish behaviour. He wants more involvement from Kevin in Reebok. When he says "yes" at this proposal, Kevin is also agreeing by phone to the night plans Eric has for him. Kevin thinks he's finally found Rod at a bar, but it was not her, only somebody who looked like her from behind. Eric is thrown out of the bar while Al Green is performing a song about Kevin's search. While Eric and Kevin leave the bar, we can see Rod entering, looking for her boyfriend and not happy at all. They didn't see each other. The next morning, in the same train, Kevin is commutting. The girl appears and tells her name to him, but he can't quite hear it because of the noise. Suddenly, he wakes up: he's just reached his station and it was only a dream. Kevin's friends start pretending to be him when answering the phone. Nathan (Jerry Stiller) goes out with some freaky girls. One of these calls was Randy's call. He is outraged that so many girls want to meet Kevin. Back in Chicago, Rod finally sees the newspaper article about Kevin. She phones him but it's one of his friends who picks it up. All his friends are dating these girls pretending to be Kevin, so one of them sets a date on Saturday evening with Rod. Obviously, when Rod arrives to the restaurant she realises that he is not Kevin. Rod is first surprised, then annoyed and leaves without having even sat up. The friend runs after her and he realises that this time, she is the real deal. He makes her believe that Kevin knows and approves of his friends dating the lonely girls who call him. Randy's girlfriend Julie (Amanda Foreman) tries to set a date with Kevin. She comes back home with a broken nose, a plastered leg and crutches. The next morning, The Chicago Post says that it was all a scam. The first thing Kevin notices is that Margie doesn't want to talk to him. Higgins also calls him to his office and takes him out of the Reebok team. Jackie has to make some photocopies for the Reebok team in a hurry, but the clerk is on his coffee break, so it's Kevin who helps her out. At the end of that day, at the station, Kevin notices Rod also waiting for a train, but for another train in the other side of the lane. He calls out for her, but she doesn't hear him. He runs to her, but she is already in the train. The doors close. He taps on the window on her compartment, but she shows him The Chicago Post's headline saying that it was all a scam. Kevin tells Eric while playing baseball that he found her but that she blew him off. Eric tells him that she had called and that he went on a date with her. Kevin gets angry and punches Eric. CUE to images of Rod and Kevin, both strolling around the city, feeling lonely and depressed. Kevin's friends want to straighten things up. Following Eric's description of Rod, they renew the efforts to look for this girl. Kevin visits his father, in an elder people's home. He gives him a baseball and advises him to find that girl. Jackie has told the Reebok people that it was Kevin's idea. Kevin puts billboards all over Chicago saying that he was sorry and further asking the "train girl" to meet him at 7 at their stop. All the media and the general public is there waiting for him and the train girl. Meanwhile, Eric presents his new song to Julie. It's getting late, and all the camera crews leave because the train girl is not going to appear. A paper plane appears. It's from Rod. Kevin looks up and it's Rod. He asks for her name and they kiss. The next day, there is a picture of Rod and Kevin on the first page with the headline BOY FINDS GIRL! EXTRA FOOTAGE: N-Sync singers / dancers / whatever they were show fake behind the scenes footage.
tt0408961
Comedy
Based on real events, Kids In America is a teen comedy about a diverse group of high school kids who band together to peacefully kick their principal's ass. Boasting an impressive cast of both established stars and hot new talent, "Kids" tackles such issues as sex education, freedom of speech, and how to kiss for six minutes straight without losing consciousness from lack of oxygen.
tt0770810
Drama
This is what happens in the movie beginning to end: After the death of Raya Green's(Rutina Wesley) sister, she gets out from her classes at school, and sees a stomp crew practicing. She meets Bishop(Dwain Murphy) which is the dance crew leader. She then meets Michelle and does a stomp battle with her. They become enemies then friends later on. Her uptight mom pushes her to pass the test to get into Medical school, but she thinks she failed and will not go. Michelle tells her about the Stomp Monster competition to win money to get into medical school. To pay for the tuition, she needs to join a dance crew to go to the Stomp Monster competition to win $50,000. She asks Bishop if she can join his stomp crew but the other crew members doubt her stomping skills. He gives her a spot in the crew and lets her rehearsal with them. When they stomp at first, they suck and seem to have bited off Fem Fatal(Michelle's stomp crew). Bishop gets angry and kicks Raya out of the crew. To apologize for making them look bad, she gives the money from the locket of her dead sister so that Bishop's crew can go on to the stomp competition. At first Bishop rejects her, not the money, Michelle changes his mind and goes after Raya to tell her that she is in the crew again. The mother receives a letter from the medical school and goes to find Raya at the Stomp Monster competition to tell her she passed the test and got a 92. On Day 2 of the stomp competition, they win the title and $50,000.
tt0202381
Comedy,Thriller
Richie Twat and Eddie Ndingumbaba are running the nastiest, smelliest, most squalid hotel in the world and things aren't going to plan. They aren't making any money. The illigal immigrant Chef's has eaten all the food and most of the guests have left without paying! But things seem better when the Nice family arrives. Mum, Dad and kids are hoping for a peaceful fun holiday but get more than they bargained for! Things start to hot up when Richie finds some exotic underwear and gets trapped in an oven! And then the arrival of sexy Italian movie star Gina Crabonara soon has them planning how to win her heart! Sadly for the guys, Gina's jilted and slightly psychotic fiancee is in hot persuit! Can they persuade Gina he's not right for her? There's also something decidedly iffy about the fish Richie finds on the road to serve to the guests for tea! With guests vomiting and violent Gino coming after them, Richie and Eddie are going to need a miracle to escape in one piece!
tt0120394
Comedy,Drama
all I want to do is add is the sentence.. said by the Father,to his sons while the watch him make a model boat.. it says it all about this crazy film.. he says "get yer own f*%%%ing glue!" love it! You just have to watch this film, once in your life! Close your eyes on the poodle bit! You just have to watch this film, once in your life! its the best, you will laugh cry and just love it.. You just have to watch this film, once in your life! Awesome film, well acted and hilarious You just have to watch this film, once in your life!
tt0110329
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Leprechaun 2 (also known as One Wedding and Lots of Funerals) is a 1994 horror film sequel to Leprechaun which centers on a sadistically evil leprechaun (Warwick Davis) hunting for a bride. It's assumed that the film takes place a few years after the events of the first film. chronologically it is the fifth film. This is the final Leprechaun film to be released in theaters. The rest were released direct-to-video. On March 17, 1094 A.D., The Leprechaun is a thousand years old. As March Seventeenth is his birthday, he can choose any woman to be his bride. He picks a young girl of the O'Day family, using her innocent father as his slave. The Leprechaun describes the girl he has chosen to O'Day, but when O'Day sees that the girl is in fact his daughter, he intervenes with "God bless you, my child" therefore denying the Leprechaun his bride, as the creature can marry any girl who sneezes three times, provided no-one says "God bless you." The Leprechaun captures, tortures and tells O'Day that he will marry his descendant in a thousand years time on St Patrick's Day, before he kills O'Day, whose corpse is then discovered by his daughter. In present day Los Angeles, the Leprechaun has found a petulant sixteen-year-old girl named Bridget Callum, a descendant of the O'Day bloodline, who is fighting with her boyfriend, Cody Ingalls. Cody, whose legal guardian is his uncle, Morty, frequently has to break their dates in order to support Morty, an alcoholic scam artist. The Leprechaun steals some whiskey and a gold tooth from a homeless man and a gold ring off the finger of Tim Street, a talent agent, who believes that the little man is some kind of performer. After all of this, he follows Bridget to her house, where a boy named Ian Lyle is attempting to persuade her into letting him in; she refuses with a swift elbow to his ribs. The Leprechaun then creates an illusion that fools Ian into believing that Bridget is asking him to kiss her breasts, while in actuality, they are a pair of lawnmower blades that start up after Ian shoves his face into them, ripping his face to shreds. Shortly afterward, Cody knocks on the door and apologizes, offering flowers, which causes Bridget to sneeze all over his shirt. The third time she sneezes, Cody begins to say "God bless you," but is unable to complete the blessing when the Leprechaun attempts to strangle him with a telephone cord. After a struggle, the Leprechaun grabs Bridget and disappears, losing one of his gold coins, which Cody soon finds. The police soon arrive, find Bridget missing, Ian dead, and a note from Cody at the scene, leading them to get an arrest warrant out for him. Cody returns to Morty's house and tells him what happened; Morty is convinced that he is crazy until the Leprechaun breaks into the house and they barely escape. Morty and Cody then go to a bar, which is filled with little people dressed as leprechauns, celebrating St. Patrick's Day. While there, Cody is given a piece of chocolate in a gold wrapper by one of the bar's patrons (Tony Cox). The Leprechaun appears and Morty challenges him to a drinking contest in honor of his wedding. While the Leprechaun downs whiskey, Morty is actually drinking soda and water. The Leprechaun eventually becomes extremely drunk, so much to the point he can barely speak properly or use his magic. He distracts Morty and Cody by turning on a jukebox with his powers, leading him to bash Morty in the head with a bottle to get away. He goes to a coffee shop, where he sobers up, and takes the time to murder a waiter (Michael McDonald) who was making jokes about his size and speech. Meanwhile, Cody and Morty break into the go-kart racetrack that Ian worked at since the office contains a huge safe on wheels made of wrought iron, the only thing that can harm the Leprechaun. Cody traps the Leprechaun inside, but Morty takes advantage of the opportunity to claim three wishes and locks Cody in a store room. His first is for the Leprechaun's pot of gold, which the creature causes to appear in Morty's stomach, grotesquely stretching it. Morty wishes for the Leprechaun out of the safe so that he can help him, and, for his third wish, asks for the pot of gold out of him. The Leprechaun cuts Morty's stomach open and pulls out the pot, killing Morty. Morty begs for help as he dies, but the Leprechaun laughingly says "love to, friend, but you're all out of wishes." Just then, as Cody breaks out of the store room, a security guard, who has responded to a silent alarm that Morty tripped, enters. The Leprechaun disappears, setting Cody up to take the fall for the brutal murder. Before he can arrest Cody, however, the officer is lured onto the track by the Leprechaun's impersonation of Bridget and is run over twice and killed by the little green man in his own custom go-kart. He attempts to kill Cody for his gold coin, but Cody realizes that as long as he holds it, the Leprechaun cannot harm him, leading him to run to the Leprechaun's lair to attempt rescuing Bridget. In the Leprechaun's tree lair, Cody runs into the skeletal corpse of William O'Day. After a hard and victorious battle, he finds Bridget, who breaks free from her shackles, and they both flee, but get hopelessly lost and separated. Cody then runs back into Bridget, who kisses him and says that it's okay to give her the coin. Cody does so, but finds out that Bridget is actually the Leprechaun, who laughs and says 'you lose' in his normal voice. Before he can claim victory, though, Cody proceeds to impale the Leprechaun with a wrought iron bar, revealing that the coin he handed over was the chocolate coin he received earlier, causing the little man to explode. Bridget and Cody head out of the Leprechaun's lair into the sunlight together. She asks how he knew that it wasn't really her. Cody replies, "He kisses differently than you." as they laugh and walk home.
tt0281820
Action,Crime,Drama
The film is about an aging thief, gambler, and drug user Bob (Nick Nolte) who is down on his luck. He has a chance to change his luck by robbing a casino in the French Riviera. However, what Bob doesn't know is that someone has tipped the police of the heist. The policeman, Roger (Tcheky Karyo) who has a friendship with Bob, begins to watch him knowing that he will eventually have to arrest Bob for this crime. To get ready for the heist, Bob quits taking drugs cold turkey. Bob gets Roger to drive him to an addiction meeting and tries to get Roger to admit that he is an addict too. Bob goes into the meeting and goes out the back door. Bob's part in the heist is to gamble at the casino and keep the police focused on him while the team does the job. With Anne (Nutsa Kukhianidze) and great style, Bob wins big. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0319531
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Davey Graham is a small-time drug dealer and petty thief who provides cocaine to England's "smart set." After following Davey for a period of time a mystery trio attacks Davey after he leaves a party where he has just completed a sale to a buyer and her mysterious companion. Davey Is anally raped by one of the three attackers, identified later as a car dealer, thereupon he pulls himself together and makes his way to his apartment where he draws himself a bath, gets in fully clothed and several hours later kills himself. As it happens his brother Will has just been fired from his job in a lumber camp because he "had no paperwork" and after trying to call Davey returns to town after a 3 year absence. He had previously been the head of the local mob, so his return prompts a panic in the current head, Turner. When he finds out about Davey's death, he is suspicious and pays for a private autopsy which reveals the likely rape. Will decides to find out who did it and why which he quickly does and then after telling the killer that he will one day come back and kill him, decides to do it then and there instead. Prior to exacting his revenge he calls Helen, the girl he left behind when he went off to the woods, and tells her to pack a suitcase and be ready to go in three hours. Whether she packs or not we don't know, but we see her sitting and waiting, in the company of a hired killer, for Will to come by. Whether he did or not we don't know.
tt0149151
Comedy,Drama,Music
"History teaches us that men behave wisely . . . once they've exhausted all other alternatives. For most rock bands, the pursuit of wisdom's a low priority compared to fame, fortune and fornication. Such a band was Strange Fruit." Thus begins the opening dialog of Hughie, (Billy Connolly) as he launches into a brief history of the British band: in the late 1970's Strange Fruit, consisting of guitarist Brian Lovell (Bruce Robinson), his brother and lead singer Keith, keyboard player Tony Costello (Stephen Rea), bassist Les Wickes (Jimmy Nail) and drummer Beano Baggot (Timothy Spall) were HUGE. When Keith died of a drug overdose, he was replaced on vocals by Ray Simms (Bill Nighy). Watched over by road-dog Hughie and Girl Friday Karen (Juliet Aubrey), they soldiered on until the disastrous appearance at the open-air Wisbech (U.K.) Rock Festival, when lightning struck the stage during their opening number. The already-contentious band members decided it was a sign and immediately broke up forever (all this in the first five minutes of the film). Forever, that is, until in the present (OK, 1998) Tony is spotted on Ibeza (he now stocks condoms in the restrooms at the resorts there) by the son of the Wisbech promoter, who wants to put together a 20th anniversary reunion concert with all the original acts. Tony seeks out Karen, now a divorced mother who coordinates conferences for a major hotel, suggesting a possible reunion. She is ambivalent, as is Les (now a successful roofer with a family) and Ray (a struggling solo artist with a demanding second wife -- Swedish -- and a mansion he can't afford). Beano, working in a floral nursery and hounded by the Inland Revenue (the U.K.'s IRS) is the only immediately enthusiastic bandmate. They arrange a meeting, where Karen informs them that she's tracked Brian and found his music royalties are being distributed per a bequest in his will, provoking Beano to compassionately ask if that means "the silly sod's dead?" The band again soldiers on. Hughie shows up to complete what's left of the original entourage and the band begins to practice. It becomes obvious that, beyond the normal clash of rock and roll egos, the biggest problem is Les's extreme resentment of Ray, who not only replaced one-half of a near-genius song-writing duo (the Lovell brothers) but who also refused to let Les sing even though Les considers himself a better singer than Ray (especially when it comes to a certain ballad called "The Flame Still Burns", heard briefly and only acoustically during the middle parts of the film). Karen, now the band's manager, recruits a young guitarist named Luke (Hans Matheson) to replace Brian and besides, she tells the mid-lifers, "he makes you look younger." She also tries to secure a record deal, citing the popularity of the nostalgia wave. She doesn't get it, but she does get financing for a continental European tour, to see what they've got. The band and entourage, along with Karen's daughter Clare (Rachael Stirling), ostensibly there to do the washing, etc. but really there so Karen can keep an eye on her, head across the channel and have some disastrous first concerts while slowly getting their groove back. Many humorous situations unfold during this tour, as when (for just one example) Ray, in a Dutch village, attends what he thinks is an AA meeting only to find that it's an Overeaters Anonymous gathering. The band slowly get better and better and even score a record deal before a confrontation between band members and their egos blows it all up. All seems lost until, just by luck (and a visit to a graveyard) Karen finds out that Brian Lovell isn't dead after all, but a voluntary patient at a mental health facility. She and Tony visit him and convince him to join the band. This is hard on Tony, because he's always had a thing for Karen, who's always had a thing for Brian. The band is reunited and ready to play the Wisbech reunion until the press badger Brian about his former drug use and present mental fragility. He bails and the band is set to go on without him. As they take the stage to perform the same song that they were to sing at the original Wisbech, a microphone feedback reminds Ray of the lightning strike and he freezes. To save the situation, Tony begins to play "The Flame Still Burns". Ray relinquishes the vocals to a stunned Les. Suddenly, Brian shows up in time to take the guitar solo, and the movie ends with the final strains of this song, with all of them singing. As the end titles begin to scroll, Hughie asks, "and how will the Fruits conspire to bollocks things up this time around? We wait with bated breath!"
tt0268437
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Advocate Steve Myers is a disillusioned lawyer who becomes fed-up with the perceived corruption within the judicial system. He quits the law business and buys a small fishing boat and takes up fishing for a living. His fishing boat is struck by lightning and explodes into pieces, burns and sinks. He informs his insurance company, which reviews and then subsequently declines his claim on the grounds that it is not liable as his fishing boat was destroyed due to an 'Act of God'. Frustrated that his claim is repeatedly declined, Steve files a claim against God, naming church officials as representatives of God, and thereby the respondents. The church leaders, their respective lawyers, as well as their insurance company get together to find a way to settle this dilemma, which does catch the fancy of the media. It is in Court that God's representatives will have to admit that the destruction of Steve's fishing boat was actually God's Act, accept it, and compensate him, or deny it altogether, and thereby deny God's existence, and leave the onus on Steve to prove his claim.
tt0120894
Crime,Mystery,Romance
"Neuropsychologists say that 'we don't have one brain. We have three--one that is human, built over another that is mammalian, built over yet another that's reptilian. So, when a psychiatrist asks you to lie down on the couch, you're being asked to lie down with a horse and with a crocodile.'" [Steven Grlscz] A wrecked car is suspended in the treetops, the driver a young woman. Investigators notice that there is no blood, but they make nothing of it. Nor do they notice her fiancé, Steven Grlscz [Jude Law], among the bystanders. Later that day, Steven writes one word in his diary: despair. While waiting for the Tube, Steven saves Maria Vaughan from jumping in front of the train. He gives her his card, she calls him, and they begin a love affair. When Steven is assured that Maria has feelings for him, he takes her to his bed, drinks her blood, and then drives to the coast where he disposes of her body in the sea. This time the word entered in his diary is: disappointment. Steven Grlscz is a vampire, but far from typical. He can go out in the sunlight, eat regular food, does not sleep in a coffin, and has no fangs. Yet he needs to drink blood once a month or he will die. His favorite target is young women with whom he first develops a relationship. While touring a museum or industrial plant of some sort, Steven sketches asthmatic Anne Levels [Elina Löwensohn]. When they meet later in a cappucino shoppe, she asks to see the drawings. They exchange names and make a date for Wednesday night. When Anne breaks the date in order to work on some waterproof concrete (she's a structural engineer), Steven brings her Chinese takeout. So begins the carefully choreographed relationship between vampire and new prey. However, Stephen is worried when he overhears a news broadcast about the body of Maria Vaughan being found in a fishing net. He immediately telephones the police, probably because he knows that the trail will eventually lead to him. Inspector Healey [Timothy Spall] and Sgt Roche [Jack Davenport] come to question him. Steven makes up a story about not seeing Maria after they had an argument over her wanting to marry him and him not wanting to continue the relationship with her. Steven becomes their prime suspect, and Inspector Healey begins to tail him. One evening, after Steven sees Anne off on the train, Healey is attacked by a gang of hoods who beat him and steal the crucifix he wears around his neck. Steven intervenes and saves Healey. So begins the carefully choreographed relationship between vampire and detective. Meanwhile, things with Anne are going nicely. In his diary, Steven describes her as confident, independent, witty, and full of strange little stories and sayings. Steven keeps notes on all his intendeds, because the goal is to woo their trust and love. Anne visits him where he works as a medical researcher investigating crystals from human kidneys and bladders. Steven contends that extreme emotional states can cause the body to form crystals, and he shows her a number of them which he names "rage, resentment, spite, malice, and bad temper." When Steven and Anne are attacked by the gang of hoods from the Tube, Steven saves Anne in an amazing show of superstrength and speed, apparently some of the vampiric qualities that he *does* possess. Anne is falling in love, but Healey and Roche are still suspicious of Steven. They question people along the route that Steven might have taken to the seashore and find a toll collector who may remember him. Steven is brought in for a line-up, but the toll collector fingers someone else. Steven and Healey strike up a friendship in which they confide personal things with each other. Steven retrieves the crucifix from Healey's attacker and returns it to Healey. When Healey learns that Steven actually saved Maria from committing suicide, he begins to doubt that Steven has it in him to be a killer. One night, Anne is in a bad mood and snaps at Steven. She immediately apologizes, but Steven leaves in a huff and hides out, refusing to return Anne's phone calls. After Anne has to perform a tracheostomy on an injured man, she admits to herself that she misses Steven and calls him. Steven has been drawing pictures of her and admits that he misses her, too. They plan to meet at his apartment, the first time that Anne has been invited there. Steven knows that he is dying and that he needs blood. His body is breaking down, he bleeds and doesn't heal, and he has to wear an alarm to remind him to breathe while he's sleeping. It's time to feed on Anne but, when he tries, he can't bring himself to kill her. Instead, he explains to her that he is a vampire who feeds on the emotions in blood. Like kidney stones, he says, emotions are "things" carried in the blood. Some emotions, e.g., resentment, malice, despair, and disappointment, only serve to make him sick. He prefers to feed on love. He thinks that perfect love might cure him if he ever finds it. Could Anne be this perfect love? Anne isn't buying it. To show his love for her, Steven lets her go. He even hands her a knife and informs her that, with one cut, he will bleed to death in 20 minutes. Anne puts down the knife and, rather than run, she stays with him, tending him as he grows weaker and weaker, bathing his eyes when he goes temporarily blind, waking him when he forgets to breathe, offering to go to the chemist when they run out of elastoplasts (bandaids). Steven is even more convinced of Anne's love for him and, as his end approaches, he knows what he must do. While Anne is at the chemist, he prepares for his dinner. When Anne realizes what he is doing, she runs to the roof, intending to kill herself rather than let him kill her. As she rescinds her love for him ("I know you for what you are...I don't love you!") and Steven replies, "It may not be in your heart, but it's still in your blood," a big tear runs down his cheek. Anne jumps, but Steven catches her hand just in time. She removes a large stickpin from her hair and plunges it through Steven's hand. Still, he succeeds in pulling her back to the roof, whether to save her life or his dinner is up to you to decide. As Steven lay dying, he muses. "When I was a boy," he says, "I fell out of a tree but I managed just to grab a branch. I hung there for a long time, terrified, the silence and the pain in my arms and the blood pounding in my ears. And then I fell. I don't remember what happened when I hit the ground. All I can remember now is the agony of holding on and the wonderful feeling of letting go." With that, Steven lets go of life, and Anne walks home in tears. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0117128
Comedy,Sci-Fi
The film, based on the hit television series, opens inside the lab of the evil Dr. Clayton Forrester (Trace Bellieu), a mad scientist residing in the depths of Deep 13. He explains to the audience that because of our curiousness, we have become part of his evil experiment. His experiment involves his captive Mike Nelson (himself) being forced to watch terrible and awful movies released in the past few decades. In this film, Dr. Forrester explains that we are to endure the 1955 Universal sci-fi film "This Island Earth". On the Satellite of Love, Mike Nelson is doing his morning workout and is greeted by the feminine robot Gypsy (Jim Mallon) and Tom Servo. After hearing a suspicious banging noise, Mike and Tom discover that the wise-cracking Crow T. Robot is attempting to tunnel his way down to Earth with a pickaxe, breaking the hull of the satellite. After fixing the hull by placing a bowl on the hole, Dr. Forrester calls Mike and explains what his experiment is. He also mentions that he hasn't bowed down to him in the past few weeks. Therefore, using a questionable force, he makes MIke and the robots bow down to him. He then proceeds to start the experiment after asking them if they needed to use the restroom. He pulls the lever, the movie sign alarm sounds off, and Mike and the robots proceed to the theater to endure the cheesiness of the 1955 film "This Island Earth".
tt0100827
Horror
A narrator introduces two tales based on the stories of the writer Edgar Allen Poe (1809-1849). Both of these stories take place in modern-day Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. THE FACTS IN THE CASE OF MR. VALDEMAR Jessica Valdemar (Adrienne Barbeau), an attractive 40-year-old woman, rides in a taxi to the downtown Pittsburgh office of Steven Pike (E.G. Marshall), her husband's lawyer with some paperwork for Mr. Pike approval. Pike sees that Jessica's elderly 63-year-old husband, who is dying from an unnamed terminal illness, is liquidating a number of his assets for cash and suspects Jessica of having undue influence on him. Jessica denies the allegations that shes any negative influence over her husband, while Pike makes a phone call to the house to talk with Ernest Valdemar (Bingo O'Malley), who speaks over the phone in a weak but coherent voice explaining about his decision to let Jessica take control of his money and assets from his personal signature on the written documents. Pike reluctantly agrees to let Jessica have access to the money, but warns her that if anything were to happen to Mr. Valdemar within the next three weeks before the transfer of his estate over to Jessica is finalized, she will be investigated by the authorities. Jessica returns home to Ernest Valdemar's large suburban mansion where she meets with Dr. Robert Hoffman (Ramy Zada) where it's revealed that he and Jessica (romantically involved with each other) have been conspiring to cheat the terminally ill Mr. Valdemar out of his estate by hypnotizing him and having him do what they wish from his deathbed. Jessica doesn't like the procedure, but Robert wants it done because he used to have a romance with Jessica and wants to run off with her after they acquire his $3 million assets. The next day, Jessica goes to a bank where she withdraws $300,000 and stores it in a safe. Robert sees this. But then, Mr. Valdemar goes into cardiac arrest and dies while under another hypnosis spell. Not wanting to reveal his death just yet, Robert and Jessica carry his body to the basement where they hide it in a freezer. But during the night, Jessica becomes frightened when she hears moaning coming from the basement, but when she tries to wake up Robert, he has put himself under a hypnotic-induced slumber to help him sleep. The next morning, Jessica and Robert wake up and also hear the same noses coming from the basement. Upon checking the body, they hear Ernest Valdemar's voice coming from the still body claiming that his soul is alive and trapped in a dark void between the living and the dead while under hypnosis. Valdemar tells them that he sees "others" in the dark void looking at him. While Jessica goes out to make sense of this situation, she returns to find Robert talking to Mr. Valdemar's undead corpse who tells him that the "others" are vengeful spirits trapped in a realm and want to use him to enter our world. Valdemar tells Robert to wake him up and free him from his hypnotic state before the Others have a chance to use him to enter our world. In a panic, Jessica shoots Valdemar's corpse and wants to bury the body and skip town with the money they have. While Robert heads outside to dig a hole to bury the body, Jessica goes back into the cellar only to find Valdemar's body rising up out of the freezer and walking towards her saying that he is under control of the Others to use him. Jessica shoots him, but he keeps on advancing. Robert enters the house when he hears the gunshots and sees Jessica and Valdemar struggling on the balcony where the undead walking cadaver shoots Jessica in the head and she falls off the balcony, dead. Robert finally tells Valdemar that he's going to wake him and free him from his hypnosis. But after doing so by counting to five, Valdemar tells Robert that its too late to wake him for without his body as a conduit, the Others cannot return to their realm. "They're with you now....!" exclaims Valdemar who finally falls dead. Robert then steals all the cash that Jessica had stored in the safe and flees the house. Robert goes back to his apartment in downtown Pittsburgh where he puts himself under a hypnotic sleep. But then, the ghostly Others enter his apartment and kill him by shoving the hypnotic ticker right into his chest. The ghosts then form one large mass and enter Robert's dead body. Several days later, the police led by Detective Grogan (Tom Atkins) arrive at Robert's apartment to answer complaints about a "strange smell" and constant moaning coming from the apartment. Grogan finds the apartment ram shacked and the stolen cash scattered everywhere. Grogan, with a gun drawn, attempts to go into the bathroom. He sees nothing there but when he closes the bathroom door, the horribly decomposed body of Robert appears, under the control of the Others. The corpse walks towards and attacks Grogan, telling him that there is nobody to wake him up. Grogan fires his gun at Robert's undead body and blood splatters on the money left on the floor. THE BLACK CAT Rod Usher (Harvey Keitel) makes his entrance in a building decorated with the abject remains of dismantled corpses. A naked woman lies bound to a table, sliced in two by a huge pendulum-like blade. Usher is a professional crime scene photographer for as he puts it: "still life is my art", a talent which ensures that he is frequently called upon the local authorities, led by Detective LeGrand (John Amos) to document the horrors of the baroque crime scenes which are apparently commonplace in Pittsburgh where Rod lives. After arriving home at a semi-fancy row house, Rod works in his darkroom in the basement developing the photos when his work is interrupted by the appearance of a mysterious black cat, which has apparently been adopted by his live-in girlfriend Annabel (Madeleine Potter). Rod and Annabel's relationship is uncomfortably distant. Annabel is delicate, sensitive, and somewhat ethereal, while Rod is a rough, burly, brutish man who seem more at home with the gritty hyper-reality of crime scenes that he is with Annabel's talk of witches and superstition. Annabel, in contrast to Rod, is a professional violinist who gives private lessons to local high school students who show up at the house after their school classes, and she even takes some of them on excursions to local opera houses to watch the arts of life. Over the next several days, a strong antipathy grows between Rod and the mysterious cat, a situation worsened by Annabel's excessive protection of it. Driven to distraction by the cat's apparent hatred of him, Rod eventually strangles it during a photo shoot he has set up with the cat being the center of attention. Rod then uses the photos of him strangling the cat to post on the cover of his newest photography book titled 'Metropolitan Horrors', a lurid collection of his most revolting pictures. As Annabel begins to guess the truth about what has happened to her pet cat, the couple embarks on a series of violent arguments, one of which ends with Rod falling into an alcohol-induced sleep where he has a nightmare about participating in a Medieval Pagan festival where he is executed for the murder of the cat by being suspended by ropes and having a wooden stake put under which he is impaled by it. One day, when Annabel finally spots his book in a shop window, with the strangled body of her much-loved cat on the front cover, she immediately arrives home and makes plans to leave Rod, who at that very moment is in a local bar drinking heavily. Rod becomes unnerved when the barmaid Eleanor (Sally Kirkland) gives him a stray black cat which is identical to Annabel's own cat. Rod notices that the inky feline has an identical white marking on its chest (an obscure white patch which seems to resemble the shape of a gallows). Rod brings the cat home and sets about to kill the feline once and for all. But Annabel intervenes and comes to its rescue causing a confrontation which ends in her gruesome and gory death when Rod hacks her to death with a meat cleaver. After shaking off suspicious of his next door neighbor and landlord, Mr. Pym (Martin Balsam), who arrives after hearing the argument, Rod assures him that nothing is wrong. Confident that he can escape detection, Rod conceals the body behind a wall in the house and invents a story about to explain Annabel's disappearance to her music students, Betty (Julie Benz) and Christian (Holter Graham), when they show up the next day for their violin lessons. But after a confrontation when Christian expresses doubt and suspicion to Rod about his story about Annabel leaving him, he confides in Mr. and Mrs. Pym about his suspicions that Rod might have killed Annabel. When Annabel's friend in New York keeps phoning the house to ask of her whereabouts, Rod becomes increasingly trapped by his own increasingly elaborate web of lies. The situation is exacerbated by yet another appearance of the black cat. But this time, Rod ensures its death by slicing it in two with a saw, and disposes of it in a garbage dump. The next day, Detective LeGrand arrives with his partner to question Rod about Annabel's whereabouts. Despite their stern questioning, Rod is not phased by their questions. After looking around the house, the detectives leave, but they immediately come back when an eerie, distorted mewing sound is heard echoing though one of the walls. Rod is handcuffed and the fake wall of that he put up is torn down... and his crime scene is finally revealed. It reveals that the ever troublesome feline had given birth in Annabel's tomb and its offspring are now feasting on the remains of their mistress. Not to be outdone, Rod grabs the pickax from the detective and in seconds stabs both policemen, one in the back and the other in the chest. But handcuffed and in a panic, Rod tries to make his escape when his neighbors show up after nearing the commotion, pounding on the front door. Rod tries to uncuff himself by taking the dead LeGrand's keys to the cuffs, but the cop he stabbed in the chest tries to stop him before dropping dead. The keys fall over the stair rail and onto the floor of the hallway. Unable to get down the staircase to retrieve them, Rod tries to make his escape from the house by climbing out a second floor window using a rope to tie around a tree in his backyard. But his plan fails when the body of LeGrand falls out of the window. In desperation, Rod grabs hold of the cop's belt so to stop himself being dragged out of the window. The belts snaps and both Rod and LeGrand are pulled out of the window. With the body of LeGrand still handcuffed to him, the weight causes the rope to tighten around his neck killing him. The black cat makes a final appearance and stares at the premonition sight that Rod had coming for him as both Rod and LeGrand are left hanging by the rope as it sways with the momentum.
tt0119506
Drama
Camelot Gardens is a housing development in Louisville, Kentucky, where the neat lawns of its apparently neat middle class families are in a constant state of manicured grace, behind Camelot Gardens brick wall. Young Trent Burns (Sam Rockwell) is one of the lawn dogs who come to mow the lawns; he puts up with the hostility of the security guard and the local teenagers for the meager wages that support him in his rundown caravan in the woods off a deserted back road away from Camelot. Newly arrived is the Stockard family, whose 10 year old daughter, Devon (Mischa Barton), likes to be alone, so she can fantasise and what tough fantasies she has. Especially about a Russian witch who lives in the woods. Fearfully, scared the witch might cook and eat her, Devon searches the woods only to find Trent. Trent, reluctant to risk misunderstandings by paying attention to Devon, is nonetheless unable to resist Devons persistent calls for friendship. The friendship does indeed lead to trouble, fuelled by ignorance, prejudice and bigotry on the one hand, and cynicism on the other. Devons friendship both endangers and saves Trent literally and spiritually. Credit: Urban Cinefile
tt0119778
Comedy,Drama,Romance
When Erin (Hope Davis) is dumped by her boyfriend (Philip Seymour Hoffman), her mother (Holland Taylor) places embarrassing personal ads on her behalf. Erin reluctantly goes out with a string of men, but a lonely plumber (Alan Gelfant) with aspirations to be a marine biologist keeps crossing her path. If the two could only meet, they might make the perfect pair. Directed by Brad Anderson, the film earned a spot at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival.
tt0138703
Fantasy,Horror,Sci-Fi
The film opens where its predecessor left off. Mike flees from Boulton mortuary in the hearse, while Reggie is trapped inside by The Tall Man's spheres. However, The Tall Man decides to let Reggie go for the moment. Mike's spherical brother Jody persuades a reluctant Reggie to go looking for Mike. On the way, Reggie runs into a police car which pulls him over. He is attacked by the policeman, who turns out to be a mysterious psychopathic demon, but manages to escape after blowing up the police car and destroying the body. The next morning, Reggie meets a woman called Jennifer, whom he rescues from her overturned car and takes her to the next town, which is also abandoned. They stay the night at an abandoned motel and Reggie tells her the story of The Tall Man. Jennifer doesn't believe him and also rejects his advances. Having dreamed of Mike, Reggie wakes up and unbuttons Jennifer's nightshirt, discovering two spheres sticking in her breasts. As they fly out and attack him, he smashes one with a sledgehammer but is pinned to the wall by the other. In desperation he strikes his tuning fork and the sphere explodes. Jennifer grabs his leg but he smashes her with the hammer and leaves. Mike, trying to uncover the mysteries of The Tall Man and to escape the transformation, drives through abandoned towns and remembers the last days before The Tall Man's arrival. The Tall Man appears in the back of the hearse and takes control of the car before he disappears into the coffin. Mike drives the hearse into Death Valley. Mike intends to force The Tall Man to a confrontation and writes his testament. He finds himself at a 19th Century colonial-style house with an earlier model of the gate inside. Mike meets a man resembling The Tall Man, who however welcomes him cordially and introduces himself as Jebediah Morningside. Jebediah wants to speak with Mike, who, however, is frightened and again escapes through the gate. Jebediah's wife (who resembles the Fortuneteller from the first Phantasm movie), appears and tells him to let Mike go. Back in Death Valley, Mike realizes that he can move rocks by the power of his mind. Jody appears. Mike is distrustful and accuses his brother of having abandoned him. Jody defends his behavior and disappears. Mike works on his car, using parts to build a makeshift sphere. Hoping that he might stop Jebedaiah from becoming the evil Tall Man, he again goes through a gate, but finds himself in the deserted city of Los Angeles and escapes The Tall Man only with Jody's help. Meanwhile, Reggie arrives at Death Valley and fights off a group of zombie dwarfs when Mike and Jody appear through a gate. Mike embraces Reggie and tells him not to trust Jody. Reggie passes Mike the tuning fork, as the two brothers pass through the gate, appearing in Jebediah's house. Invisible to the old man, they witness how he perfects his craft and approaches the inter-dimensional gate. Mike tries to stab him before he can pass through but misses him, as they are in another dimension. Jebedaiah vanishes and moments later is replaced by the evil Tall Man who emerges in his place, having taken his form and using his human appearance as a disguise. Mike escapes through the gate, finding himself in a cemetery. He is attacked and overpowered by his brother and awakes on mortuary slab. Jody holds him as The Tall Man begins operating. A panicking Mike strikes the tuning fork, thus immobilizing his opponents. Mike then kills Jody with a sphere but The Tall Man revives and telekinetically takes the fork from Mike. Again, Mike escapes through the gate back to Death Valley, pursued by The Tall Man. Reggie tries to shoot The Tall Man but is overpowered. Mike summons the sphere he built. The Tall Man is impaled in the neck but he is unharmed and he pulls out the sphere and crushes it with his right hand, amused. At that moment, Mike activates the hearse's motor, which turns out to be the true weapon against the Tall Man (a strange inter-dimensional bomb). A distracted Tall Man is vanquished after the explosion consumes both him and the car. However, a new Tall Man immediately comes through the gate, revealing that the Tall Man is but one of many. He resumes the surgery started by the last Tall Man he removes the golden sphere from Mike's head and disappears again through the gate. As Mike is close to death, Reggie arms himself with his 4-barrelled shotgun and enters the gate, determined to overcome The Tall Man. As Mike lies dying on the desert floor near the gateway, he has a childhood memory, climbing into Reggie's ice cream truck with him and driving off into the night.
tt0119517
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Set in an unnamed Midwestern American city, two urban, middle-class couples deal with their unhappy relationships and shamelessly lie and cheat on one another in their selfish quest for happiness. Jerry (Ben Stiller), is a loathsome, flirtatious theater instructor whom is married to Terri (Catherine Keener), a writer whom is alienated and unfulfilled with his macho love-making skills. Jerry and Terri have dinner with Mary (Amy Brenneman), a writer friend of Terri's, and Barry (Aaron Eckhart) a sad-sack business executive whom is oblivious to his wife's unhappiness with him. During dinner, Mary talks about writing for a local newspaper column about bickering couples and the troubles they have, while Barry does not think that other couple problems are anyone else. After dinner, the lothario Jerry secretly makes a discreet pass at Mary whom he asks her out on a date. Marry, out of frustration in her unsatisfied life with Barry, accepts. The next day, Terri, after going to a local art gallery, meets and begins a secret romance with Cheri (Nastassia Kinski), a lesbian art gallery worker whom Terri feels satisfied with the lovemaking with her and of the quiet of it compared with Jerry's loud and macho performance. Meanwhile, Cary (Jason Patric) is a mutual and caddish doctor friend of Barry's whom is also a devious, sexual predator whom targets naïve and emotionally vulnerable young women whom he picks up, has sex with, and dumps just for the sole purpose to watch them cry. Aware of the distance between Barry and Mary, Cary persuades Barry to leave his wife to have his own swinging, non-monogamous lifestyle that Cary has built for himself. Barry thinks that his marriage can be saved. During Jerry and Mary's rendezvous at a local hotel, Jerry fails to get aroused during foreplay. As a result, he takes out his frustrations on Mary, believing that she has made him impotent. Angry and offended by Jerry's misogynist outburst, Mary abruptly ends their "affair." She feels more miserable a few days later, when Barry unwittingly takes her to the very same hotel room to rekindle their romance. Mary realizes that Jerry had told Barry about being in the room. Barry fails to understand Mary's unhappy attitude and thinks he might somehow be responsible for it. Jerry, Barry, and Cary get together to work out and, in the steam room, Barry tries to get them to reveal their best sexual experiences. Barry tells them that he only feels satisfied with himself. Cary then delivers a chilling monologue about his best sexual experience: partaking in a gang rape 20 years earlier in forcibly sodomizing a male high school classmate in the locker room at his boarding school. Both Barry and Jerry are stunned but fascinated by Cary's sordid and evil story. When Barry tries to persuade Jerry to reveal his best sexual experience, Jerry refuses. After being goaded in the locker room, Jerry angrily responds that his best sexual experience was with Barry's wife. He then leaves, with Barry too stunned to respond. Cary, also caught off-guard, says: "That beats my story." After returning home from the gym, Barry confronts Mary over dinner about her affair with Jerry just as Terri accidentally finds out about Jerry's indiscretion and eventually confronts him too while they are shopping at a local bookstore. Mary and Jerry are both unapologetic for their unfaithfulness and express dissatisfaction to both of their spouses. Terri accidentally reveals her own lesbian romance with Cheri, but does not display any guilt for her infidelity. Jerry confronts Cheri at the art gallery over his wife's affair with her. Cheri also shows no remorse or regret for her relationship with Terri, or with interfering with Jerry and Terri's troubled marriage. Cheri tells Jerry that Terri can do much better than being with him. Both of the couples split up. Terri moves in with Cheri, although she finds her emotional neediness irritating. Jerry continues his philandering lifestyle with his female theater students. Barry becomes miserable because he is no longer able to give himself an erection during masturbation. Mary is revealed to have moved in with Cary, who treats her as coldly as the other women in his life even though she is pregnant with his child. The film closes on Mary and Cary in bed, as Mary realizes that she is even more unhappy in her new relationship with the catty, heartless, misanthropic and misogynistic Cary than she had been with her clueless husband Barry.
tt0080756
Drama
A group of four teenage girls in the San Fernando Valley during the late 1970s have the usual problems with life. Deirdre (Kandice Stroh) is a disco queen who is fascinated by her sexuality, likes boys and has many relationship troubles. Madge (Marilyn Kagan) is a bookworm who is unhappily overweight and angry that she is still a virgin. Her parents are overprotective, and she has an annoying younger sister. Annie (Cherie Currie) is a teenage runaway who drinks, uses drugs, and runs away from her abusive father, a policeman. Jeanie (Jodie Foster) feels she has to take care of them, is fighting with her divorced mother, and is yearning for a closer relationship with her distant father, a tour manager for the rock band Angel. The girls believe school is a waste of time, their boyfriends are immature, and that they are alienated from the adults in their lives. All four seem immersed in the decadence of the late 1970s. (The adults in this film seem to be caught up in the craziness of the era as well.) The only way for them to loosen up and forget the bad things happening in their lives is to party and have fun. Annie is the least responsible, while Jeanie is ready to grow up and wants to stop acting like a child. Jeanie is most worried about Annie and continually takes risks trying to keep Annie clean and safe. Annie's unstable behavior keeps everyone on edge, and finally leads to her death in an automobile accident. Annie's untimely death brings changes for the rest of the girls. Madge marries Jay (Randy Quaid), an older man who deflowered her, Deirdre no longer behaves boy-crazy, and Jeanie graduates from high school and is about to head off to college. After Madge and Jay's wedding, Jeanie visits Annie's grave and smokes a cigarette. With a smile, she muses that Annie wanted to be buried under a pear tree, "not in a box or anything", so that each year her friends could come by, have a pear and say, "Annie's tastin' good this year, huh?".
tt0084293
Drama
Zack Elliot (Michael Ontkean) is a successful young doctor in the Los Angeles area married to Claire (Kate Jackson), an equally successful television network producer. They have been married for eight years and are generally happy in their relationship, sharing in common a love for Gilbert and Sullivan and the poetry of Rupert Brooke, to whom they were introduced by their elderly former neighbor, Winnie Bates (Wendy Hiller). Intending to start a family, the couple buy a big house together. Unknown to Claire, Zack has been struggling with feelings of attraction to other men. He picks up men in his car and starts frequenting gay bars in West Hollywood on his lunch hour, although he does not follow through sexually. This changes when he meets Bart McGuire (Harry Hamlin), a gay novelist who comes to see him for a medical check-up. Bart leads a fairly hedonistic single lifestyle, picking up multiple sexual partners, frequenting gay bars and clubs, occasionally taking recreational drugs. Zack and Bart are mutually but unspokenly attracted to each other and go out for lunch. A few days later, Zack calls Bart and asks him on a dinner date. He lies to Claire, saying he has to work late. At Bart's house, Zack and Bart talk and it becomes clear that Zack is not yet able to identify as gay, instead labeling himself "curious". That night Zack and Bart go to bed together, which is the first time Zack has ever had sex with another man. Afterwards, Zack wants to stay the night, but Bart, following his usual pattern, brushes him off. Angered, Zack leaves but returns the next day to confront Bart further about Bart's fear of intimacy. Bart makes plans for them to get together during the weekend. Claire, concerned about the growing distance in her marriage, goes to her boss seeking a year-long leave of absence. Instead, he promotes her and sends her to New York City on a weekend business trip. Zack takes advantage of the opportunity to spend more time with Bart, but they end up arguing. Zack calls the outline for Bart's new novel less than honest, and Bart confronts Zack about his own lack of honesty about his sexuality. That night in bed, Zack tells Bart that he loves him. The next morning, fearful of his own growing feelings for Zack, Bart pushes him away again. (Throughout the film, Bart and Claire deliver several mini-monologues, speaking directly to the camera about aspects of their lives and their feelings about the scenes that had just played out on-screen.) Eventually, Bart realizes that he does have feelings for Zack but that he is not ready for the level of commitment that Zack needs. He is last seen in the film back out in the bars, cruising. With Claire home from her trip, Zack tells Claire of his feelings for other men. Although she said she could handle anything he could tell her, she reacts very badly and Zack leaves the house. A few days later, an emotional Claire trashes some of Zack's clothes and finds a matchbook with a man's name and number written in it. She locates someone Zack had picked up, and they talk. She learns from him that gay people can live normal and happy lives. Claire attempts to get Zack to remain in the marriage, even claiming that she would be okay with him having affairs with other men, but Zack advises her that she must let go. Zack then tells Claire that he has a job prospect in New York City, working with cancer patients. In the end, the two agree to a divorce. The film jumps forward a few years later, with the death of Winnie Bates, Zack and Claire's former neighbor. Zack is living in New York and in a committed relationship with another man by this time, but he returns to Los Angeles for the funeral. Claire has since gotten re-married to an architect and has a young son named Rupert. After the funeral, Zack and Claire discuss their lives and express their own happiness and their gratitude that the other is happy.
tt0088117
Horror,Thriller
It's Christmas Eve 1971, and the Chapman family - father, mother, and two sons, Billy, age 5, and infant Ricky - are traveling in their station wagon along desolate Utah roads, with the radio for company. They arrive at their destination, a state mental hospital, where they visit Grandpa. Grandpa is severely mentally ill, and while not dangerous, he can't take care of himself. He doesn't seem to even realize he has visitors. The father and mother, with little Ricky, go off to discuss things with the doctors, leaving Billy momentarily alone with Grandpa. As soon as they are alone, Grandpa turns his head and smiles, and starts talking to Billy. He tells him "the truth" about Santa Claus: that Santa will only leave presents for boys and girls who have been good all year; those who haven't, Santa punishes instead. Billy is terrified, because he hasn't been good all year and he knows it. Grandpa returns to his trance before the rest of the family returns to collect Billy for the return trip home. It's after dark by the time they get started. On the way home, Billy, having taken Grandpa's words to heart, asks his mother if Santa Claus ever punished her when she was little. The mother is visibly upset by this question, and taken aback when Billy tells her that Grandpa told him the story. She pronounces Grandpa a silly old fool, which disturbs Billy even more. He had been taught it was naughty to say bad things about old people, and Santa Claus might punish his mother for it. Meanwhile, not too far away, a man in a Santa Claus suit robs a gas station at gunpoint, and kills the clerk when he tries to fight back. He leaves with only $31, swearing as he gets into his getaway car, which we see later broke down. The Chapman family has the misfortune to meet him when they drive up to him on the highway, thinking he is on his way to a party when he had car trouble. Billy is terrified, thinking Santa has come to punish him, and his worst fears are borne out when the man pulls his pistol, intending to steal the station wagon. The father slams the car into reverse trying to escape, but the man shoots him dead, and the car crashes into the ditch. Billy runs out of the car to hide in the bushes while the Santa drags his mother out of the car and rips her clothes off, intending to rape her. The mother fights back, and the Santa, further enraged, changes his mind and kills her with a switchblade instead. Then, with Ricky crying in the background, the Santa stands by the side of the road, looking for Billy, saying "Where are you, you little bastard?" Now it is near Christmas in 1974. We see that the boys both survived, but we aren't told if the killer was ever caught. Billy, now 8, and Ricky, now 3 or maybe 4, live at a Catholic orphanage. Billy's gruesome Christmas drawing gets him into trouble, and he is sent to his room by the Mother Superior while the other children play outside. She discusses the case with the younger nun, Sister Margaret, who was teaching the class. Margaret realizes that Billy remembers what he saw, is mentally unstable and gets worse every Christmas, but the tyrannical Mother Superior believes that Billy was too young to remember and she can beat the thoughts out of him. Margaret goes to release Billy from his room, believing that getting outside will do him good, and knowing that Billy will improve after Christmas. Billy walks down the hallway, but is distracted when he hears noises coming from a closed room. Peeping through the keyhole, he sees two of the orphanage's older residents, in their teens, naked and having sex. He has a flashback to the murders, remembering his mother being forcibly stripped by the Santa Claus. Mother Superior catches him there and throws him aside before entering the room to punish the teenagers with her belt. Billy goes outside to play, but the Mother Superior soon comes back for him to punish him, brushing aside Margaret's protests that she gave him permission to go outside. The Mother Superior explains to Billy that the teenagers he saw were being naughty, and they were punished, and that he would now be punished himself for leaving his room. Mother Superior whips him with the belt and sends him to bed. Later, Billy has a nightmare about the murders and runs into the hallway screaming, and Mother Superior catches him and punishes him again by tying him to the bed. On Christmas morning, the orphanage has a man in a Santa Claus suit come by, and of course Billy is terrified of him. Mother Superior drags him kicking and screaming to Santa, and he punches Santa in the face and runs back to his room. Soon Mother Superior comes to administer even more punishment... Now it is spring 1984. We see Sister Margaret, ten years older but looking much the same, talking to the manager of a toy store, Mr. Sims. Sims is reluctant to hire Billy, who just turned 18 and is ready to leave the orphanage and enter the real world, but changes his mind when he meets Billy, who has grown tall and strong, just what Sims needs for the warehouse. Billy starts the new job and for the first few months, it works out well for him. Besides him and Sims, there is Mrs. Randall, the assistant manager, Andy, the warehouse clerk, and Pamela, a girl who helps in the store. But Christmas comes eventually, and few places are more into it than toy stores. Billy is upset, especially by the Santa Claus imagery, and it affects his work. Andy, who shamelessly sucks up to Sims but is verbally abusive to his co-workers when Sims is not around, yells at Billy about it. Shortly before Christmas, Sims has a problem. The guy whose job was to play Santa Claus in the store hurt himself, and the only replacement available was Billy. So they dress Billy up as Santa Claus and the next day, the parents shopping at the store remark of how good he is with the children - in fact, he frightened them into silence with his warnings of punishment, believing that's what Santa Claus does. On Christmas Eve, just before closing time, Sister Margaret calls the store to see how Billy is getting along, it being his worst time of year and all. When Andy tells her that he is dressed as Santa Claus, she realizes that this was a very bad idea, and she sets out to go there. It will be awhile before she arrives. At closing time, Sims locks the store and starts the Christmas party by getting out the booze. Everyone seems to be having a good time, except Billy, still in the Santa Claus suit, who is still moody, thinking about his parents' murders. Sims, becoming more and more drunk, tries to cheer Billy up while Andy takes Pamela into the back. Billy, becoming somewhat drunk himself, believes Sims's joke that he will soon think he is Santa Claus. He walks to the back, and sees Andy becoming more aggressive with Pamela, he has ripped her shirt open. Seeing this give him another flashback to the old days, and this pushes him over the edge at last. Believing that he really is Santa Claus and has the power to punish the naughty, he steps forward and kills Andy by hanging him from a string of Christmas lights. Pamela freaks out, and Billy, believing her to be naughty as well, cuts her stomach with a utility knife. Sims, thinking he heard noises in the back, goes to investigate, and Billy kills him with a claw hammer. Mrs. Randall, realizing she is alone, goes to look for Sims, and finds him dead. She runs for the door, but it is locked. Then she goes for the phone, but Billy chases her with a double-bit axe. She hides from him, then pushes him down and takes his axe, intending to break the doors and escape. Billy picks up a bow and and shoots her with an arrow from across the room. Then he unlocks the door and leaves, axe in hand, a few minutes before Sister Margaret finally arrives to see what Billy has done. Next, we see two policemen, incredulous that they have orders to pick up Santa Claus. They see a man in a Santa suit climbing in the second-floor window of a nearby home, and go to get him, but it turns out to be a false alarm: it was the man who lived there, intending to surprise his young daughter. Next, we see a teenage girl named Denise, making out with her boyfriend Tommy on top of a pool table. The girl's younger sister Cindy starts walking down the stairs, anxious for Christmas to arrive and hoping to see Santa Claus. Not wanting to be seen half-naked, she tells Cindy to go back to bed lest Santa pass the house by. She does so, unhappily. Then Denise hears jingling outside, and tells her boy-friend to wait for a moment, so she can let the cat in. Denise pulls on some very short shorts, and wearing nothing else, goes to let the cat in. The cat runs inside, but then Billy shows up, dressed in the Santa suit and carrying his double-bit axe. Denise screams and slams the door shut, but Billy breaks the door down. After a brief struggle, Billy picks up Denise and impales her on the antlers of a trophy deer that was hung over the fireplace. Tommy couldn't hear the ruckus over the radio, and has been killing time playing pool. Eventually he goes up to check on Denise, finds the door broken and then finds Denise hanging on the antlers. Then he meets Billy. He puts up a better fight, but eventually Billy gets hold him and throws him from the window, where he lands on the hard ground outside, breaking his neck. Just as Billy gets ready to leave, Cindy comes out of her room again, and she is overjoyed that she did get to meet Santa Claus. Billy asks Cindy if she's been good all year, and she insists that she has. Billy puts a "present" into the little girl's hands, the utility knife, and then he leaves. We can hear Cindy's voice, puzzled but excited, calling for her sister to tell her what she saw. Meanwhile, two boys in the early teens are out for a late-night sled down a snowy hill. Before they start, they are set upon by two older boys who steal the sleds for themselves. The first one sleds down the hill; the second is attacked by the axe-wielding Billy halfway down. He falls sideways off the sled at the bottom of the hill, his head rolling down behind him. The other boy screams. By morning, Billy has still not been caught. Sister Margaret, who had fallen asleep at the police station, wakes up and one of the policemen tells her the bad news, three more killings overnight. They believe that Billy will likely return to the orphanage and radio the police there to keep a lookout for a man in a Santa Claus suit. Sister Margaret tries to call the orphanage to warn them, but one of the little girls there has been playing with the phone and left it off the hook, so she only gets a busy signal. After several failed tries, she and one of the policemen set out to drive there. One of the policemen on patrol near the orphanage does see a Santa Claus walking toward the orphanage, and gets out of the car and yells for him to stop. When the man doesn't respond, the policeman shoots him. He falls forward, dead. But we soon learn that this was a case of mistaken identity when the dead man turns out to be middle-aged. Sister Margaret instantly recognizes the description as that of Father O'Brien, who had been their Santa Claus for several years, and who could not hear the policeman because he was deaf. The policeman apologizes to the Mother Superior, and tells her that the killer may still be coming and that he will keep watch. Over the last ten years, Mother Superior's health has declined, she is now in a wheelchair and no longer able to physically punish the children, but she is every bit as bitter and hateful. She tries to comfort the children, who have just seen Santa Claus shot dead, by leading them in singing Christmas carols, while the policeman circles the building. The children include Billy's younger brother Ricky, who was a baby at the time of the killings but is now in his early teens. The policeman makes his rounds but he is ambushed by Billy, who has finally arrived at the orphanage. Billy kills him by slamming the axe into his chest. Billy then goes to the front door, and one of the children, overjoyed at seeing Santa apparently alive and well, lets him in. He walks toward the Mother Superior, helpless in her wheelchair, and raises the axe. Just then, the other policeman who was driving with Sister Margaret arrives and shoots Billy twice in the back. He falls forward, dying. His last words, to the children, are, "You're safe now. Santa Claus is gone." Billy's axe falls at Ricky's feet, and he appears ready to pick up where his older brother left off someday, as he looks at Mother Superior and says, "Naughty!"
tt0080948
Drama,Music,Romance
Yussel Rabinovitch (Neil Diamond) is a young Jewish cantor performing at the synagogue of his imperious father Cantor Rabinovitch (Laurence Olivier). Yussel is married to his childhood friend, Rivka (Caitlin Adams), and has settled down to a life of religious devotion to the teaching of his faith. But on the side, he writes songs for a black singing group, and when a member of the quartet takes ill, Yussel covers for him at one of their gigs by wearing black-face. The nightclub engagement is a success, but one of the patrons at the nightclub notices that Yussel's hands are white and calls him out. A fight ensues and the band is arrested. Yussel's father comes to the jail to bail them out and finds out that there is not a Yussel Rabinovitch there but a Jess Robin. His father questions him about this later and Yussel tells him it is a professional stage name he uses when performing. His father tells him that his singing voice was to be used for God's purposes, not his own. Bubba (Franklyn Ajay), a member of the "Four Brothers" singing group, is Yussel's best friend, although he knows him as 'Jess'; Bubba informs him that the band has got a gig in Los Angeles performing back up vocals for a successful singer, Keith Lennox (Paul Nichols). Shortly after Bubba leaves, Yussel begins composing a song that will eventually become "Love on the Rocks". His wife Rivka notices him writing the song in his free time and senses that Yussel yearns for a bigger stage for his voice, but her values keep her grounded to the home life they have built together. Bubba calls Jess from LA and informs him that Lennox really loved "Love on the Rocks" and wants to record it, but they need Jess to come out for two weeks to oversee the recording session. Jess finally sees this as the opportunity he has been waiting for, but his wife and his father are opposed to him going. But later at a bar mitzvah his father relents and tearfully lets him go. When Jess arrives in Los Angeles, he is picked from the airport up by music agent Molly Bell (Lucie Arnaz). She takes him to the studio where Lennox is recording, and Jess is shocked to find out that his ballad is now being recorded as a hard rock song. During a break in recording, Jess asks the producer and Lennox if he can perform the song as a ballad, as he intended, so Lennox can get an idea of the framing of the song. They allow him to do it, and while recording the song, Molly decides that Jess's performance is the way the song should be done. However, Lennox is not convinced and fires the group. Later, Molly gets a tip from a friend as to where a booking agent, Eddie Gibbs (Sully Boyer), is having lunch. She gets into his car, uninvited, and has him listen to Jess's recording of "Love on the Rocks". When Eddie asks her who it is, Molly tells him that it is the new opening act for Zane Gray's new television special. Gibbs is not amused and says he can't book anyone from just a tape recording sight unseen. However, she manages to get Eddie to visit a club where Jess has managed to get a gig playing, thanks to Bubba, who is working there as a waiter. Eddie comes in and watches him performing "Amazed and Confused" and then leaves. Jess thinks he has blown it, but Molly tells him "..he hates loud music... you he loved... you open for Zane Gray." Meanwhile, back in New York, Cantor Rabinovich confronts Rivka about Jess going to California, and reminds her that her place is by her husband's side, and if she goes to California, maybe she can bring him home. She relents and goes. On Jess's opening night, as he performs the songs "Summer Love" and "Hey Louise", Rivka shows up and meets Molly, and tries to tell her that their Jewish values are such that Jess cannot possibly stay. The audience gives Jess a standing ovation, and he heads backstage and is reunited with Rivka. At the after party, Jess is met by an enthusiastic crowd and is given a recording contract. Despite Jess asking her to stay, Rivka says she wants something different. Realizing she has lost him, she leaves before Jess can catch her. Days later, Jess meets up with Molly by the Santa Monica pier and confesses his love for her, telling her that he and Rivka have split up. As time passes, the two grow closer to each other while Jess's career continues steadily. His father shows up to visit him and attempts to persuade him to go back home, but Jess refuses, insisting that he's making a name for himself with his music career. Jess reveals that he and Rivka are divorcing, which devastates his father. To make matters worse, Molly suddenly arrives home. Jess tries to explain the matter to his father, but to no avail, as he angrily disowns his son and leaves in tears. Emotionally broken by the incident, Jess struggles at his recording sessions, taking out his anger on his band mates, until he finally storms out and drives away aimlessly. When his car runs out of gas on the highway, he hitchhikes far away for a few weeks, taking up singing at a country bar somewhere in Texas for the next few months. Eventually, he returns home to Molly when Bubba tracks him down and tells him that she has given birth to a son. Molly once again meets Eddie Gibbs in his car and persuades him to let Jess perform on Zane Gray's television special. At rehearsal, the day before Yom Kippur, Leo shows up and tells Jess that his father is in the hospital with high blood pressure and won't be able to sing Kol Nidre at the synagogue. Jess is initially reluctant to go to his father, vowing that he is dead to him, but Molly insists that he go back to him or else she'll feel guilty about it. Jess ultimately agrees and returns to sing at the synagogue. He tries to make amends with his father, but he refuses to speak to Jess, until Jess tells him that he now has a grandson, at which point they finally reconcile. The film ends with Jess performing "America", with his father and Molly in attendance.
tt0089015
Drama,Romance
In 1959 in Reno, Nevada, 35-year-old college professor Vivian Bell (Helen Shaver) arrives by train where she takes up temporary residence at a ranch until her quickie six-week divorce becomes final. Ranch owner Frances Parker (Audra Lindley) meets her at the station. As they drive off, Frances says she used to be a dancer at a casino in town, and was married to an attorney, who died of a heart attack when he was age 41. Vivian says she was married for 12 years, and always lived in cities. A speeding car driven in reverse pulls up next to them, and Frances introduces Cay Rivvers (Patrica Charbonneau), an outgoing, 25-year-old sculptor and Golden Ring casino employee. However, Cay almost causes an accident before she races off. As Frances's son, Walter (Alex McArthur), takes Vivian's bags to her room, she tells him she teaches English literature at Columbia University in New York City. Walter offers to tell Vivian about the history of the ranch after she unpacks. Meanwhile, she removes her uncomfortable shoes and rests on the bed. In the employee locker room, casino worker, Silver (Andra Akers), talks to co-worker, Cay, about her upcoming wedding to Joe. She wants Cay to marry her boyfriend, Darrell (Dean Butler), the casino manager, so they can have a double honeymoon. Cay admits she does not share a sexual relationship with Darrell, and worries that Silver will not accept her for who she is. Silver reassures Cay that she is "the best." On the casino floor, Cay makes change for patrons, and a man named Sherman gropes her. Cay's boyfriend, Darrell, the floor manager, rescues her from Sherman's grip and makes him apologize. A few days later at the ranch, when Vivian admires a photograph of a man on the mantle, Frances says it is Glenn, Cay's father. She and Glenn had a ten-year relationship, and Walter is their son. However, Cay is not her child. The next day, Frances sits on the porch with two soon-to-be divorcees named Lucille (Katie La Bourdette) and Pat (Denise Crosby). Vivian offers to help Frances by delivering Cay's mail to her cottage. Cay invites her inside and Vivian admires her ceramic pots. However, Vivian sees a pretty woman named Gwen (Gwen Welles) in Cay's bed, becomes uncomfortable, and leaves. Later, Cay offers to drive Vivian into town to see her attorney. Vivian finds herself sandwiched in the car between Cay and Gwen. In town, Vivian meets with Art Warner (James Staley), her lawyer, and she surprises him by not asking for alimony as part of her settlement since she has always supported herself. Vivian is uncomfortable when Art suggests "mental cruelty" as grounds for her divorce. She thinks the term mis-characterizes her circumstances. Back at the casino, Darrell asks to see Cay in his office. There, he tells Cay he loves her, but she says she has been honest about her feelings toward women. When he says he is willing to look the other way, she is silent. At night, Vivian sees Cay in the kitchen with the ingredients to make a sandwich. Vivian boils water for tea, but Cay complains the noise will wake Frances. Vivian agrees to leave, and return at a more convenient time. Meanwhile, Cay drops a jar of mayonnaise on the floor. Laughing, the women clean up the mess until Frances asks Cay to bring her a bottle of Coca-Cola. In her bedroom, Frances confesses she is in financial trouble. If she sells the ranch she wonders if Cay will come live with her and go to art school. Cay suggests she might meet someone important someday, but Frances is not optimistic, given Cay's choice of lovers. Cay warns her not to interfere. One day, as they ride horses, Vivian tells Cay her marriage drowned in still waters. Sharing a bubble bath, Cay confesses to Silver that her new crush is Vivian, a classy individual ten years her senior. Although they have not slept together, Cay hopes to start a romance with Vivian before she leaves town. Later, Frances warns Vivian not to get too close to Cay since they have little in common. Cay persuades Vivian to buy casual Western outfits, and they share a drink at the casino bar with Silver. There, Vivian is introduced to Darrell, who acts like a jealous lover. Vivian leaves to play the slot machines, and thanks Cay for a wonderful time. A few days later, Lucille admits that Buck, a ranch hand, has helped her overcome the sadness over her divorce, and warns Vivian that Cay was kicked out of college for "unnatural acts." At breakfast, Cay is upset when Vivian declines to attend Silver's engagement party. She would rather prepare lectures for work, but Cay suspects she would rather avoid any further confrontation with Darrell. Soon, Vivian is persuaded by Walter, who offers to escort Vivian to the party. There, Silver performs a song in honor of her fiance, Joe. On the drive home, Cay tells Vivian she lives at the ranch to hide from anything she cannot face. Cay parks, and the women walk around a lake. She declares Darrell's affection is misplaced, she is only attracted to women. Vivian cannot admit her attraction to Cay, and walks back to the car as it starts raining. Cay follows, and insists Vivian roll down the window. She leans in and kisses Vivian on the cheek, then kisses her on the mouth. Vivian reciprocates, but abruptly stops, and asks Cay to drive her home. Upon arrival back at the ranch, Frances greets them angrily, informing Vivian that she is no longer welcome, and a room has been reserved for her at the Riverside Inn. When she hands Vivian a refund, Cay grabs it and tosses the money on the ground. Frances insists that townspeople are gossiping about Cay and Vivian. She accuses Vivian of being a bad influence on her family. Cay tells Vivian she can be found at Silver's, and warns Frances to stop interfering with her life. Cay goes to work, but her heart is not in it. One morning another few days later, she visits Vivian at the hotel, and they talk. Vivian confesses that before she came to Reno, her life was orderly. Now, Frances has humiliated her by casting judgment on her uncharacteristic behavior. As Vivian takes a drink, she says one day she will get her revenge by writing a short story about the experience. Meanwhile, Cay has climbed into Vivian's bed, and is topless. Vivian hands Cay her clothes and asks her to leave. Cay insists that Vivian wants her to stay, but Vivian nervously admits she would not know what to do. She sits down on the bed, but tells Cay she will not take off her robe. Silently, Cay takes Vivian's face in her hands and kisses her. The women fold into each other's arms, and Vivian says she has feelings she has never had before. She smiles and allows Cay to remove her robe. Gently, Cay explores Vivian's body, and they make love for the first time. Later that evening, they have drinks at a bar. Vivian says she feels exposed. She is afraid of what her colleagues will think of her affair with a 25-year-old woman when she returns to work. As they admit they are in love, three men at a nearby table send over beers. Vivian does not want to socialize with the men, and walks out. Cay joins her in the car, and says Vivian would be content to hide in her room until her divorce came through. Vivian accuses Cay of being too strident. Cay responds she acts the way she does so the world will not change her. They return to Vivian's hotel and make up. They again make love. Another few days later, Cay and Vivian attend Silver's wedding. After the ceremony, Frances comments she wishes things had worked out differently. She leaves before Vivian responds, but Cay runs after her. She tells Frances she loves her, but Frances says she will never understand Cay's attraction to other women. Cay explains it is the same emotion Frances felt for Glenn. The women hug and Frances leaves. Another few days later, after Vivian's divorce is granted, Cay is disappointed when Vivian does not plan to visit until Christmas. Vivian wants to have a last dinner together, but Cay plans to meet her at the train station to say goodbye. At the station, Vivian invites Cay to move to New York City. Cay is reluctant, and thinks she will not fit in with Vivian's city friends. Vivian says if Cay rides the train with her to the next station they can figure out the details. She extends her hand and Cay boards the train and they ride away together.
tt0094057
Comedy,Horror
A homeless bum called Fred (Mike Lackey) enters at the unkempt shop of an easily-angered man, and he steals some money and a bottle of some alcoholic beverage. Fred runs away through a building which is on fire. He hides himself into safety, but loses the money he's taken in the garbage collector truck where he was hiding. All this even makes the shop owner realize that there is a hidden compartment at the messy warehouse. It's about some bottles called 'Tenafly Viper'. The drink gets distributed, and it seems that it helps solve all kind of problems. Even Fred suggests to drink it to one of his bum friends. Fred is pestered to pay the rent of the derelict abandoned warehouse which he calls home. Two bums are washing up the windshields of a car, when one of them attacks the driver and kills him. The driver gets smashed into the front mirror and gets killed, while the female passenger screams histerically. The friend who has drunk the Viper thing goes to the toilet, and there, he melts into some blue wallpaint and dies a painful death. Meanwhile, an overzealous cop (Bill Chepil) is trying to get to the bottom of all the mysterious deaths, all the while trying to end the tyranny of a deranged Vietnam veteran named Bronson (Vic Noto), who has made his self-proclaimed "kingdom" at the junkyard with a group of homeless vets under his command as his personal henchmen. Frank Schnizer (R.L. Ryan), the sleazy owner of the junkyard, threatens his assistant, Wendy (Jane Arakawa), because she defends the bums and cares for them. Fred is trying to help out his equally homeless younger brother Kevin (Mike Sferrazza) who has made the junkyard his home by building a pile of used spare tires to make shelter. One homeless bum, named Ed, goes on an excursion to a local grocery store where he attempts to shoplift several items. An old lady rats him out to the store manager who confronts him, but Ed instead flees the store with several food items, being cut up chicken, falling out of his dirty slacks as he runs down a sidewalk. That evening, Bill the Cop picks up one homeless bum on the payroll of Bronson and in exchange for a shower, clean clothes, and some more hard liquor, he agrees to inform Bill where Bronson lives. That same night, Fred passes by a nightclub where a drunk young woman in a red dress is vomiting outside after drinking a little too much. Thinking that Fred is her date, she asks him to walk her home and have sex with her. Fred takes her back to the junkyard where he throws Kevin out of their tire shelter and has rough sex with her which attracts the other junkyard bums who tear down the tire shelter and drag away the naked and screaming woman to gang rape her while Fred flees. The next morning, the woman is found dead near the junkyard by Fred. He first has sex with her dead corpse despite the evidence that she was gang raped and murdered by the other junkyard bums. When one homeless bum urinates through a fence and right upon Bronson, he responds by severing the man's penis with his knife which then leads to the hilarious "severed privates" scene where a group of homeless people play catch with the severed genital, as he futilely attempts to recover it. Meanwhile, the dead woman is found and brought to the morgue where Nick Duran (Tony Darrow), a local mobster, identifies her as his mistress to Bill. Duran wants to take matters into his own hands to avenge her death, while Bill just wants to find Bronson whom he still thinks is responsible for the mysterious deaths. Fred finally discovers that the 'Tenefly Viper' is responsible for the death when he witnesses first-hand a bum drinking and melting into a gory pile of slime before his very eyes. Bill goes to the junkyard and attempts to arrest Bronson, only to engage in a long fist-fight with the homeless gangster until Bronson stabs Bill in his back with a knife made from a human femur bone. The climax leads to Fred, Kevin, and Wendy engaging Bronson and his henchmen at the junkyard, which results in Kevin decapitating Bronson by using a pressurized air tank as a missile to fire it at Bronson before he can kill Fred. The final scene over the end credits has Nick Duran tying up and beating one of his associates, which ends when Duran finds a bottle of the lethal Viper drink upon the guy and upon taking a drink... begins to melt into a gory death too.
tt0082431
Action,Adventure,Horror
On a spaceship, a terrified man finds his comrade's dead body, before being tossed about by unseen forces. Elsewhere, on a remote planet, Mitri, oracle of the "game," speaks with the Master, a man whose head is encased in blue energy, and they receive a transmission that contact with the spaceship Remus has been lost near the planet Organthus. Mitri warns that the Master's plan is risky, but he determines to go to Organthus, and orders her to organize a spaceship crew. Later, on the spaceship Quest, Commander Ilvar introduces himself to Captain Trantor, who powers up the ship before the crew is prepared for take-off. As Trantor recklessly deletes the preset hyper-jump coordinates in order to travel faster, the rest of the crew realize she is the sole survivor of a strange massacre on the spaceship Hesperus. The Quest survives the hyper-jump and arrives at Organthus, but, as it nears the planet, the Quest's systems go haywire. Trantor calls for the assistance of tech chief, Dameia, and although the system continues to malfunction, they land on Organthus. As Ilvar's team prepares to leave the ship, the crew's second in command, Baelon, asserts his leadership over his colleague Cabren, a psychic named Alluma, a rookie, Cos, and the crystal darts specialist, Quuhod. On the planet, the team boards the Remus, and searches the ship. Cos is alone when an insect-type creature scares him, sending him running until he finds Baelon and Alluma. Elsewhere, Cabren and Quuhod discover the body of a Remus crew member. As the team brings the corpse to the Quest, Cos is slow to follow and is killed by a large insect. On the Quest, while Dameia and Ranger, the assistant technical officer, perform autopsies on Cos and the Remus crew member, Alluma reveals that she sensed a presence around Cos, but when he died, it vanished. Their scanners indicate that the Quest's malfunctions are caused by an energy source emanating from a single point, and they decide to investigate. Trantor, Ranger, and the cook, Kore, remain on board while the others search, soon discovering a pyramid structure. Ilvar splits the crew into two teams: he, Cabren, and Dameia investigate the perimeter while Baelon leads Alluma and Quuhod up the pyramid. As they climb, Ilvar laments his age. However, when they reach a hole, he insists on belaying down to investigate. The hole is riddled with openings and a worm-like creature that attacks and kills Ilvar. When Cabren feels the rope slacken, he lowers himself to investigate and finds the commander's bloody, empty rigging. As Baelon's group climbs the pyramid, a doorway opens slightly and Quuhod tosses a crystal dart to wedge it open. Cabren and Dameia join them, sharing the news of Ilvar's death by a creature from a worm hole, and Dameia admits she hates worms. When the team enters the pyramid, Quuohod's crystal dart shatters in the doorway, leaving them trapped inside. Baelon hands Quuhod a gun and orders him to guard the entrance. Quuhod discards the gun, insisting that he lives and dies by his crystal darts. Inside the pyramid, Alluma senses a presence but Baelon disparages her and orders the group to follow. Dameia, however, turns back to check on Quuhod. Meanwhile, at the entrance, the doorway reopens as the crystal dart reassembles and attacks Quuhod. A piece breaks off inside his arm and starts climbing up his body. Quuhod chops his arm off, but the severed limb reaches for another crystal dart and throws it at Quuhod, killing him. On the Quest, a nervous Ranger informs Kore that he cannot find Trantor, and they search the ship. On planet Organthus, Dameia discovers Quuhod's body, now covered with worms. Repulsed, she fires her weapon, incinerating Quuhod and the worms. However, one worm survives, grows to gigantic proportions, and rapes Dameia. Meanwhile, on the Quest, Kore hits Ranger from behind, knocking him unconscious. He discovers Trantor, acting crazy, in the weapons room. Kore admits he is a weapons systems operator she knew in the past. Trantor screams that he is a spy, grabs a weapon, and leaves the room. Moments later, Ranger finds Kore and wonders who hit him, but Kore says he did not see anyone. Ranger uses the computer and discovers Trantor's whereabouts as she shoots an airlock open and dies. On the planet, the team finds Dameia's nude, slime-covered body and Baelon shoots, incinerating her. The team regroups on the Quest, and Alluma wants to leave the planet, but Cabren realizes the energy source might prevent their escape and Baelon insists on returning to the pyramid. Ranger does not trust Kore and suggests Cabren be wary of him, too. Inside the pyramid, Alluma is reluctant to enter the worm tunnels, fearing they will be too tight. Cabren kisses her, and enters the hole first, sliding to another level. Alluma follows and, although she feels trapped partway through, she makes it to the bottom, as do the others. In the center of the pyramid, a light activates above them in a V shape, revealing strange architecture surrounding a catwalk at a perilous height. As they traverse the catwalk, Baelon is attacked by a green-eyed creature, killed, and tossed into the abyss. Ranger unexpectedly argues with Cabren, insisting he will not follow Cabren's orders as he did in Academy days. Ranger raises his gun to shoot Cabren, but Alluma stops her friend with a calming hand on his shoulder. They continue, but lights glow around them and they find themselves walking separately. Ranger is attacked by another version of himself and shoots at his double, which bleeds but has no organs. The vision disappears when Ranger realizes the figure does not exist. Elsewhere, Alluma attempts to reach Cabren but they are separated by a clear wall. She follows Cabren's directions to meet him, but finds herself in a small tunnel. Cabren struggles to rescue her but the tunnel contracts. Tentacles reach from its walls, crushing Alluma's body, and her head explodes. Ranger and Cabren realize that their individual fears are brought to life by this pyramid. Kore appears at the top of the tower and Cabren, gun drawn, climbs to confront him. Kore sits in the center of the pyramid, his head encased in energy. Cabren is furious that Kore knew about the pyramid's power and did not warn the Quest's crew. He shoots, but Kore's force-field repels the bullets. Cabren promises to kill him, but Kore declares that Cabren controlled his fear enough to win the game and must now control his emotions. Kore reveals the pyramid is an ancient toy for the children of a vanished race to learn to control their fears. Years ago, Kore played the game and became Master. Cabren asks why his teammates had to die and Kore insists they could have lived if they had chosen to. The room suddenly turns red and several creatures attack Cabren. He fights them off and, as the room turns blue, his dead friends appear and attack. Cabren fights, but is knocked unconscious. He awakens to find Alluma, alive and well, but she strangles him, forcing Cabren to shoot her. Cabren unexpectedly has the ability to emanate energy toward Kore, injuring his nemesis. The game is finished and the Master's power transfers to Cabren, who wants to reject it. Kore insists that Cabren is the Master and to deny the power would plunge them into chaos. Cabren kills Kore and, as energy encircles Cabren's head, the pyramid lights up, then goes dark. Cabren has become the new "Master".
tt0081738
Family,Horror,Mystery
The Curtis family looks for a house to rent in England while their patriarch Paul, a music composer, conducts an opera. The family is shown a secluded manor house owned by the eccentric Mrs. Aylwood, who lives in a small cottage on the property, set on the edge of a forest. While investigating the manor, youngest daughter Ellie Curtis is drawn to a bedroom overlooking the woods. Jan, the eldest daughter, looks out a window in the adjoining bedroom, and sees a blue glow in the forest as the window shatters. Mrs. Aylwood believes Jan is "sensitive" to signs, and decides to rent to the family. Jan feels that something horrible happened on the property and believes that someone is watching them from the woods, but her mother, Helen, dismisses the girl's concerns. However, the real estate agent reveals that Jan reminds Mrs. Aylwood of her daughter, who mysteriously disappeared many years ago. As the family moves into the manor, Jan carries a large mirror to the living room, and knocks over a telephone. After retrieving the phone, Jan looks back at the mirror, but does not see her own reflection. The glass cracks, revealing the image of a blindfolded girl wearing a white dress, and the mirror shatters. The next day, the girls visit a farm with puppies for sale, where they meet local teenager, Mike Fleming. In the barn, Ellie picks out a puppy while Jan and Mike talk. In a trance, Ellie writes "Nerak" on a foggy window, insisting it is the puppy's name. Mike's mother, Mary Fleming, approaches the barn and becomes upset upon seeing the name, which from the outside reads as "Karen." Later, at the manor, Jan waits inside while Ellie plays with puppy Nerak at the edge of the woods. After their parents leave for town, Ellie disappears and Jan finds her sister following Nerak. As they reach a pond, blue light flashes over the water and Jan sees a circle of blue beneath the surface. Another flash of blue light knocks Jan into the pond and a branch traps her beneath the surface. Mrs. Aylwood arrives and saves Jan from drowning. At Mrs. Aylwood's cottage, the girls learn that 17-year-old Karen Aylwood disappeared almost 30 years ago on the night of an eclipse. When Mrs. Aylwood discovered Karen was not in her room, she thought her daughter went to the pond, but Karen was not there either. The church bell rang and Mrs. Aylwood ran there, too, arriving just as a blue light struck the building. Three of Karen's friends, John Keller, Tom Colley, and Mary Pierce, ran screaming from the church as it caught fire. Mrs. Aylwood raced inside to save Karen, but she was not there. Karen's body was never found and the other teenagers did not know what happened, saying only that Karen was blindfolded as part of a game. Mrs. Aylwood admits that she hears whispers in the wind, and believes Karen is still in the woods. Another day or two later, the Curtis family attends a local motorbike race in which Mike Fleming competes, and Jan climbs onto a rock for a better view. Ellie plays with Nerak on a nearby sand-pile, but suddenly demands that her sister join her. A collision on the track starts a chain reaction and, as Jan reaches Ellie, a motorbike crashes onto the rock where she just stood. Ellie insists that Nerak wanted Jan to move. When Mike drives Jan home, she tells him about Karen's disappearance. She wonders aloud if Karen was murdered and still haunts the area. Jan mentions Karen's three friends, and a surprised Mike admits that his mother's maiden name is "Pierce" and that Tom Colley is a hermit living in the woods. Mike confronts his mother, who claims the teenagers were playing a game designed by John Keller when a summer storm arose and lightning struck, setting the church on fire. While three of the friends escaped, Mary believes that Karen ran away because it is the only logical explanation. Later, at the manor, Ellie shows Jan a viewer with which they can watch the eclipse that Saturday. The girls go horseback riding with Mike, but their horses spook and run off in two different directions. Mike chases Ellie, who is saved from death when a flash of blue light causes a truck driver to swerve off the road. Meanwhile, Jan's horse runs to the church, bucks her off, and runs away. Inside the church, a blue light flashes on a coffin and Jan sees the image of a blindfolded girl. She closes her eyes for a moment and the girl is gone, but a man appears. He chases her outside until she runs into Mike. As the man escapes, Mike realizes the stranger was Tom Colley. Jan leads Mike inside the church and a wind suddenly blows, shattering stained glass windows, and two disc-shaped shards, one bearing a solar image, fall into overlapping circles. That night, Tom visits John Keller's mansion and claims that he saw Karen alive in the church. Although Keller orders the hermit to remain silent on the subject, Tom wonders if Karen is back from the grave to haunt them. When Jan attends a carnival with Mike, she sees images of Karen, blindfolded, in the house of mirrors and mouthing "help me". Feeling Karen is trapped somewhere, Jan vows to discover what happened that fateful night. She visits Keller, but he refuses to speak. Jan finds Tom's shack and, once convinced that she is not Karen's ghost, Tom reveals that they were initiating Karen into their secret society on the night she disappeared. John blindfolded Karen and they encircled her, holding hands as they performed their ritual. In the middle of the ceremony, lightning struck and the bell fell. As Tom ran outside, he looked back but did not see Karen; she was already gone. Later, at Mrs. Aylwood's cottage, the old woman hears Ellie humming and brings out Karen's music box, which plays the same tune. As Jan shares the information gleaned from her conversation with Tom, a trance-like Ellie states that they must help Karen very soon. Mrs. Alywood believes Karen is speaking to them, but Ellie insists it is not Karen, and they must open the door. Ellie faints as her mother arrives. Despite the girls' protests, Helen insists on leaving, but the car stops working as they drive across a bridge. Jan forces them out of the car and off the bridge before lightning strikes and the vehicle falls into a ravine. The next day, Jan examines the eclipse viewer and realizes overlapping circles represent a solar eclipse. Jan telephones Mike and asks him to bring John Keller, Tom Colley, and his mother to the church before the eclipse so they can repeat the ceremony. Mrs. Aylwood learns of the plan and worries for Jan's safety. Inside the church, Jan takes Karen's place within the circle and orders Keller to repeat the ritual. Ellie enters, possessed by 'the Watcher'; a being from another dimension who exchanged places with Karen by mistake. The Watcher (speaking through Ellie) reveals that 30 years ago, the magnetic pull of the eclipse transferred their positions, but they can reverse the process with the same ceremony. Light and wind surround Jan, lifting her into the air, but Mike breaks the circle, grabs her, and they fall to safety as the eclipse occurs. Suddenly, Karen appears (having not aged a single day since time moves more slowly in the Watcher's dimension) and removes her blindfold as Mrs. Aylwood enters the church to welcome her daughter back home.
tt0103253
Drama
Liz (Russell) is a Los Angeles prostitute the audience first sees attempting to get a customer on a busy downtown street near a tunnel. She addresses the audience directly on her life and problems throughout the film. When a van stops by, she gives it the brush off, recalling the last time she serviced a man in a van: it turned out there were several other men in the van, who gang-raped her and left her for dead. A passer-by (Jack Nance) helps her to the hospital, and even pays her bill there. She sends him a thank you note. Liz isn't merely attempting to get a customer, however: she is attempting to escape her pimp, Blake (Benjamin Mouton). Blake is a well-dressed, businesslike and extremely controlling man who catches up with her at a convenience store. He demands money, and Liz has no choice but to agree though she gives him the finger as he leaves. As Liz stops off at a strip club for a drink, she explains how she ended up as she did: she was a small town girl, who married a violent drunk named Charlie (Frank Smith). Though they have a child together, she can no longer take it and leaves him, taking her son with her, as he's sleeping it off. She takes a job on the graveyard shift at a diner, and when a customer offers her more money to have sex with him, she decides, given her rather low pay, to take it. She does this independently for a time until she meets Blake, who takes her to LA. Though Blake does do some things for her (including getting her tattooed), he is ultimately as cruel as her husband, so she decides to escape from him. A local homeless person/street performer named Rasta (Antonio Fargas) decides to treat Liz to a movie. Though Rasta is a bit scary (his act involves walking on broken glass), Liz agrees. At this point the scenes of Liz and Rasta at the movie are intercut with Blake explaining his life to the audience, giving the impression that Liz and Rasta are watching Blake's soliloquy. After the movie, Liz talks to the audience about her son, whom she clearly loves, though he's now in foster care. She finally gets a customer and services him. He has a heart attack, and Liz panics, trying to give him mouth to mouth resuscitation, without success. Blake happens along then. He takes Liz's money and tries to rob the dead customer. When Liz tries to stop him, Blake tries to strangle Liz and threatens her son. Rasta comes to the rescue, killing Blake. A grateful Liz gives her thanks and walks away.
tt0082894
Drama,Musical,Romance
As the opening credits roll, the audience hears "The Clouds Will Soon Roll By", a typical Great Depression-era type lyric, while the audience watches a rain storm. The time and place is set as 1934 Chicago. As the action begins, an alarm clock wakes Arthur Parker (Steve Martin), who rolls over to wake his wife, Joan (Jessica Harper), by trying to interest in some early morning sex, but his shy, practically frigid wife turns him down. Arthur is frustrated by his wife's disinterest in sex. While he dresses for work, he lip-syncs "I'll Never Have to Dream Again" to a female voice (Connee Boswell). The song continues during breakfast with Arthur singing for himself. In addition to Arthur's sexual disappointments, he is further frustrated because his wife will not finance the start of his own business. Arthur leaves home that morning and threatens never to return. He goes to a bank to borrow enough money to start a sheet music store. With no collateral, the banker (Jay Garner) refuses to loan him any money. During moments when his dreams are shattered, Arthur shuts out reality by escaping into Busby Berkeley-like musical production numbers. In this particular instance, Arthur and the banker lip-synch the lyrics to "Yes, Yes! (My Baby Said Yes)", performed by Sam Browne and the Carlyle Cousins. They are joined by several chorus girls who tap dance and toss large cardboard coins. During the song Arthur is showered with bags of coins and the song develops into a huge production number complete with over-heard camera shots of dancers in kaleidoscopic patterns and the dancers reflected in a highly polished, mirror-like floor. During one sequence, the banker and Arthur are dressed in cut-away suits and dance with a chorus line of girls. The scene changes to Arthur driving down the road where he picks up a hitch hiker, the Accordion Man (Vernal Bagneris). Later, while Arthur sells some sheet music to the owner of Barrett's Music Shop, Eileen (Bernadette Peters) enters. Even though she is a shy, rather plain school teacher, Arthur expresses his instant attraction to her by singing "Did You Ever See a Dream Walking?"(performed by Bing Crosby). During the number, Eileen is converted into a lovelier version of herself and performs a tap dance routine. She leaves the store without paying much attention to Arthur. As she walks down the street, Eileen hears the Accordion Man singing "Rock of Ages" and gives him a contribution, which prompts him to launch into a spirited rendition of "The Old Rugged Cross". Soon, the hitch hiker devours some food at Jimmy's Diner, an Italian-American food joint. He and Arthur are sitting together in a booth, but Arthur isn't eating. As he gives his meal to the enigmatic bum, the diner walls disappear and Arthur walks out into the rain and dances to a violin solo of "Pennies from Heaven" (the violin soloist is uncredited; the song is sung by Arthur Tracy, who was called The Street Singer). The rain drops become coins raining down as he dances in front of a huge backdrop collage depicting various scenes from the Great Depression. After the song, Arthur gives the Accordion Man a quarter, leaves the diner and heads for Eileen's farm. He had learned she was a school teacher, so he asked some children where she lived. Although Eileen is frightened at first, she listens as he expresses his infatuation with her. The scene changes to a bar where a couple of other salesmen are lamenting the depression economics, but Arthur, smiling, claims he's doing great (referring more to his progress with Eileen than his sales). He and the other salesmen perform a vaudeville act-type rendition of "It's the Girl" (performed by the Boswell Sisters with the Dorsey Brothers Orchestra) which includes a tap dance routine and Arthur performing a short banjo solo. The following scene shows Eileen reading the Brothers Grimm fairy tale "Rapunzel" to her school class. Suddenly, the children are dressed in all white and their desks become small white grand pianos on which they accompany their teacher as she sings "Love Is Good For Anything That Ails You" (performed by Phyllis Robins with Nicholas Orlando's Orchestra). The children also tap dance on top of their pianos. Back to reality, the school's principal scolds them for making so much noise. Arthur is waiting outside when school is dismissed, to drive Eileen home. During their visit, Arthur makes the mistake of saying, "My wife", but he quickly tries to cover up by claiming his wife was killed in a motorcycle accident. Then, he plays on Eileen's sympathy by asking her to take the pain away. When he returns home to his wife, Joan gives into one of Arthur's sexual fetishes by putting lipstick on her nipples. Once he entices her to reveal them to him, she cries and asks "Are they as nice as hers?" He lies to her and claims that even though he has been tempted when he is out on the road, he has refrained. We hear the radio play "Let's Put Out the Lights (and Go to Sleep)" while Arthur talks about wanting to play the sax and have his own dance band. The next morning, Arthur is happy he's had sex with his wife and she has finally agreed to finance his record shop. While he dresses, Joan sings "It's a Sin to Tell a Lie" (performed by Rudy Vallee and His Connecticut Yankees). During the song, she picks up a pair of scissors to stab him in the back, but it is only an illusion -she is actually still in bed. It is what she would like to do if she had the nerve. After some time passes, Eileen is fired from her teaching position because she is pregnant. Meanwhile, Arthur has opened his record store but is languishing with few customers. One evening he drives to a bridge where he sees a girl walking towards him. He speaks to her and determines that she is blind. He offers to walk with her (with an implied sexual context) and compliments her beauty. Later, he goes to Eileen, who informs him she is going to have his baby. She forces him to write down his address so that she'll know where to find him. He promises to do what he can to help. One of the things that attracts him most about Eileen is that she isn't shocked by his sexual suggestions; rather, she seems to relish them. In this instance, he tells her about a man giving an elevator operator $20 to turn his back so he and his date can have sex. When she likes the idea, Arthur is thrilled. She sings "I Want to Be Bad" (performed by Helen Kane, the Boop-Boop-a-Doop girl) as they act out their sexual fantasy in an elevator. In the following scene, the blind girl Arthur had met earlier stumbles over the bum Arthur had picked up earlier in the film. Although the film audience doesn't see the act, the bum rapes and kills the girl. Later, as Arthur returns from his tryst with Eileen, he happens upon the crime scene and sees the blind girl dead. We see a Camel cigarette package that will later be used as evidence against Arthur. During this sequence, we hear a reprise of "The Clouds Will Soon Roll By" playing in the background. As Arthur leaves the crime scene, he almost runs over the vagrant who committed the crime. [I could be wrong, but the way I remember it, Arthur does hit the vagrant, killing him and throwing his body into some bushes where presumably it is never found--isaiah53-5]. Back home, Arthur is so shaken by what he has seen that he promises Joan that he will change and will be good in the future. Eileen wanders into a bar where she orders lemonade, but Tom (Christopher Walken), a stylish pimp, talks her into adding gin to her lemonade. She offers herself to him for $5 and tells him her name is Lulu. Tom and three of his cronies perform a song and dance routine to "Let's Misbehave" (performed by Irving Aaronson and His Commanders). During the number, a couple of elderly whores join Tom and he and Lulu tap dance on top of the bar. Soon, Arthur realizes his life with Joan is over. The film audience sees Arthur, Joan and Eileen dressed in sailor outfits sing "Life Is Just a Bowl of Cherries" (performed by Walt Harrah, Gene Merlino, Vern Rowe, Robert Tebow and Al Vescovo) into a radio microphone. One evening as Arthur is leaving his record store he hears Eileen laughing, goes over to her and offers to buy her a cup of coffee. During their conversation, she reveals that she aborted the baby. When he takes her to his record shop, she further reveals that she has become a prostitute and enjoys it. Arthur admits that he should have held on to her, but he was too obsessed with owning a record store. Once they both realize they are still in love with each other, they decide to run away together. Before they go, they smash all the records in the store except for "Pennies from Heaven." Arthur won't allow her to break that one. The police question Joan and tell her that Arthur closed the store and was seen at a bar with a prostitute. When they tell her that her husband is a suspect in a murder case, she reveals that he traveled to Chicago and back at the time of the murder. One evening, Eileen and Arthur go to movies to see "Follow the Fleet" (Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers perform an excerpt of "Lets Face the Music and Dance" from the film). Soon, Arthur mimes Astaire and he and Eileen walk up on the stage in front of the screen and dance like Fred and Ginger. Suddenly, Arthur and Eileen are transformed into a black and white film sequence in which they dance with a chorus of male dancers. At the end of the dance, the males canes become the bars of a jail cell. When they leave the movie theater, Eileen and Arthur see a newspaper headline about the blind girl being murdered. As Arthur feverishly drives away, he tries to get Eileen to believe he is innocent of the crime. Abruptly, Eileen tells Arthur goodbye. He asks if she is running out on him, to which she replies, "Not fun, is it?" The next morning, while Arthur is trying to get his car started, the cops arrive. He runs, but they catch him. Even though he pleads his innocence, he is convicted. At the gallows, he quotes the verse of "Pennies from Heaven" and then sings the chorus (in this instance, Steve Martin is actually singing). As Eileen looks out a window, Arthur, still dressed in his prison clothes, comes running back calling her name. She can't understand why he is there: he has just witnessed his execution. He says, "Whoever said you could stop a dream? We couldn't go through all that without a happy ending." That line leads into the finale, which is a huge Busby Berkeley-type production number to "The Glory of Love". The number opens with a stage full of chorus girls who are seated and kicking their legs. Soon, Eileen and Arthur, dressed in new costumes, enter and sing (in this instance, both Bernadette Peters and Steve Martins own voices are heard). Towards the end of the number a rainbow appears in the sky and the camera pans up through the clouds to a fair sky and a full moon. During the end credits, renditions of "Pennies from Heaven" and "Love Is Good For Anything That Ails You" are heard.
tt0083366
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Set in an indeterminate year of the 1840s, the film opens in a villa in Madrid, Spain, where Don Diego Vega (George Hamilton), the archetypal Spanish Don Juan, is in bed with a beautiful woman who, we learn shortly, is not his wife, but someone else's. The couple are caught by her husband, Garcia, who "is not in Barcelona", as they had previously thought. Diego, with considerable panache, fights Garcia and his five brothers with swords. During the fight, Diego's mute servant Paco (Donovan Scott) reads a letter (via gestures) from Diego's father requesting that Diego return to California (then a part of Mexico). Diego and Paco escape by jumping from a high wall directly into a waiting carriage. A few weeks later, Diego and Paco arrive in the village of Los Angeles, where they are met by Diego's childhood friend Esteban (Ron Leibman), who has become capitán of the local guard. We also learn that Esteban has married Florinda (Brenda Vaccaro), for whom the men competed when they were boys. Esteban delivers the sad news that Diego's father was killed a few weeks earlier in a horse riding accident, when his horse was frightened by a turtle. Esteban is acting alcalde in the senior de la Vega's stead until a new one can be chosen by the dons (landowners) of the area. At the meeting of the dons, each introduces himself and where he resides. Each Don's surname is that of a well-known city in California, but none of the surnames and place-names match, with amusing results: Don Diego from San Fernando Don Francisco from San Jose Don Fernando from San Diego Don Jose from San Bernardino Don Luis Obispo from Bakersfield, who wears an ascot Esteban is elected alcalde, via an obviously fixed election, and gives his inaugural speech to the assembled peasants in the village plaza. He is interrupted mid-speech by Charlotte Taylor-Wilson (Lauren Hutton), a wealthy political activist from Boston. She and Diego meet, and despite their political differences, there is an immediate attraction. Diego is clearly smitten with Charlotte, but she rebuffs his advance for she finds him to be arrogant. Relaxing at the de la Vega villa, Diego receives an invitation to a masked ball to celebrate Esteban's election. He is also given his inheritance, which turns out to be Zorro's black cape, hat and sword. A note from his father tells Diego the truth: his father was Zorro, the legendary hero of the people. Diego decides that it is the perfect costume for the ball. On the way to the ball, Diego witnesses a peasant being robbed by a criminal. Giving chase, Diego confronts and defeats the highwayman, and returns the money to the peasant, instructing him to spread the news that 'El Zorro' has returned. At the ball, Diego (under cover of anonymity) dances with Florinda while the old peasant informs the people outside that Zorro has indeed returned. At the same time, we learn that the robber was in fact Velasquez (James Booth), the area's tax collector, who reports the theft to Alcalde Esteban and points out Diego. A duel ensues, and Diego escapes by again jumping from a high wall, but injures his right foot in the process. Unable to walk without a noticeable limp, he hobbles away. Esteban and Velasquez plan to use the injury to track Zorro down. Later that night, a drunk Florinda attempts to seduce Diego in his bedroom, but Esteban arrives to speak about the events of the evening. Esteban begins to suspect that Diego is Zorro, but Diego is able to convince him that his foot is not injured. Esteban leaves, satisfied. Out of commission due to his injury, Diego can do nothing to help the people as Esteban becomes more and more ruthless in his pursuit of gold. But luck stays with Diego when a few days later, his long-lost twin brother, Ramon (George Hamilton in a dual role) arrives at the family estate for a visit and to also to pay respect to their late father. Ramon, who now calls himself Bunny Wigglesworth, has just returned from the British Royal Navy where he is currently on shore leave for a few weeks. Apparently over 20 years ago, Diego and Ramon's father sent Ramon away to England to a boarding school and from there to the Royal Navy to make more of a "man" out of him (after seeing how "fruity" that Ramon was). Bunny, speaking with a distinctive English accdent and flamboyantly homosexual, reluctantly accepts the role of Zorro, but he insists on making changes to the costume; he adds fringe and tassels to the hat, makes multi-colored variations to the fabrics and exchanges the sword for a whip. As Diego recovers, his gay brother becomes champion of the peasants and tries to manage Charlotte Taylor Wilson who loves Zorro, but sees Diego as an adversary because of his position as a landowner. The Alcalde and landowners are infuriated and bewildered by Zorro's interference in their business and by his new clothes and different behavior. Meanwhile, the Alcalde's nagging and neglected wife, Florinda, convinces her husband to throw another masquerade ball to show off her extravagant new necklace. Finally healed, Diego decides to go. To throw Esteban off his trail, Diego sends fake notes to all the landowners, telling them that the Alcalde wishes everyone to dress like Zorro. Dressed in the traditional black costume, Diego attends the masquerade ball with Bunny dressed in drag as Diego's female cousin "Margarita Wigglesworth from Santa Barbara". Together, with all of the attention the ballroom guards of looking at all the masked men dressed as Zorro, the brothers steal the necklace from Florinda. When Diego 'accidentally' spills some red wine on Florinda's dress, Bunny takes her to her bedroom where he swipes the necklace as she takes it off. It is Bunny who leaves behind the traditional 'Z' written on red lipstick on Florinda's mirror. Afterwards, Bunny then leaves Los Angeles to return to the Royal Navy. Still dressed as Zorro, Diego rushes off to Charlotte Taylor Wilson to give her the necklace and to reveal his true identity, but she beats him to it. She tells him that she loves him, and that she had already figured out that he was Zorro. Their conversation, however, is overheard by a spy who tells the Alcalde that Charlotte can be used as bait to trap Zorro. Esteban arrests Charlotte and sentences her to a public execution. Disguised as a monk, Zorro sneaks into the palace and offers his own life in exchange for hers. Just as Diego is about to executed by the firing squad, his brother swings into the courtyard, dressed in a gold-yellow Zorro costume. Bunny frees Diego and Charlotte, and they rally the peasant crowd to fight the soldiers who eventually turn against the Alcalde as well. In the end, even Florinda abandons Esteban who is overthrown. In the final scene, Bunny waves goodbye to Diego and Charlotte and rides off into the sunset to return to the Royal Navy. Diego and Charlotte then ride off together to discuss their impending wedding and plans for the future.
tt0101531
Drama
It's the mid 1960s and for getting drunk and going AWOL after his father dies, Army Private Bean (Charlie Sheen), stationed in West Germany, gets 90 days in the stockade. Bean discovers that he is the only white in a block of black prisoners imprisoned for various crimes, some extremely serious. Master Sergeant McKinney (Martin Sheen, who also makes his directorial debut in this movie) commands the stockade and soon develops a dislike for Bean because Bean will not take sides against his fellow prisoners. Each day the prisoners are trucked to work on land near the stockade. In a corner of a field is a broken windmill which Bean becomes intrigued with and gets permission to repair during work breaks. Soon some of the other prisoners from the block start helping Bean with the windmill. But Sergeant McKinney's dislike of Bean keeps growing. The harder McKinney pushes, the more Bean digs in. Clearly things must come to a head. But who will come out on top?
tt0073012
Adventure,History
(Sequel to The Three Musketeers) Porthos (Frank Finlay) recaps the events leading to D'Artagnan (Michael York) becoming a musketeer. The original trio, including Porthos' companions Aramis (Richard Chamberlain) and Athos (Oliver Reed) find themselves on a rescue mission behind enemy lines during the battle of La Rochelle. D'Artagnan's enemy Rochefort (Christopher Lee) was caught spying and is enduring a wait before an amateur firing squad learning to load their rifles on the job. While they figure out how to blindfold a condemned man who has only one eye, Athos and Aramis prepare to launch a smoke bomb as cover while Porthos brings the horses for their escape, but the fuse goes out just as the order is given to fire. Fortunately the entire firing squad misses their target, and while they reload the trio manages to extract the spy. He is returned to his master, Cardinal Richelieu (Charlton Heston), then is sent to obtain D'Artagnan's lover Constance (Raquel Welsh). She is the dressmaker and confidante to Queen Anne (Geraldine Chapman) and a valued hostage if they are to deal with Anne's affair with the Protestant sympathizer, the Duke of Buckingham (Simon Ward). Rochefort and his men find D'Artagnan and Constance shopping in the public market. When she picks a melon from a basket, a hand appears from within and seizes her. While she is taken away, D'Artagnan engages his enemy in a duel and manages to deliver a slicing blow to Rochefort's hand; Rochefort upsets a cart of potatoes, which spills and buries D'Artagnan. He is rescued by the mysterious and beautiful spy Milady DeWinter (Faye Dunaway) and taken to her private home. He regains consciousness in her bedroom where she is attending him while attired in revealing lingerie, but despite her charms he departs hastily, promising to come back and "thank her properly." When he leaves, Milady undresses and prepares to step into her bath, but recoils when she sees the water is tinged red. Rochefort was hiding there, letting his injured hand bleed into her bathwater. As they embrace, they agree to deal with D'Artagnan later. Back at the musketeers' training facility, D'Artagnan ponders his problems while Porthos demonstrates a new sword technique. He flings the sword from its scabbard to sail through the air and hit its mark. Aramis is unimpressed and shows him that the sword could easily be deflected, and they leave arguing the finer points of disarming oneself. An inebriated Athos appears to question D'Artagnan about his new lover. He replies the he loves Milady with his head and Constance with his heart. When asked if he has not ever lost his heart, Athos grows reflective and relates a love story about a man who, unlike him, did lose his heart. It becomes apparent that he is speaking of himself in his life before he became a musketeer. As a nobleman he was a man of honor who fell in love with a mysterious woman and married her, bestowing his title and wealth on her. One day when she fell from her horse, the garter she always wore on her upper arm slipped to reveal the brand of the fleur de lis, identifying her as a criminal. In that moment he lost his honor. Though he had throttled her in his anger, he never knew whether or not she had died. He warns D'Artagnan that such women cause trouble, and the young musketeer agrees that he should stay faithful to Constance. Still needing to repay his debt, D'Artagnan returns to Milady's home and is admitted by her attendant Kitty (Nicole Calfan). Her mistress is away and Kitty has her own interests, so they slip into her bedroom. When Milady returns, Kitty stalls for time and D'Artagnan overhears Milady talking to Kitty about Constance while donning her jewels for the evening; D'Artagnan slips out and re-enters by the front door to pay his proper visit to Milady in her bedroom. Afterward, he calmly asks her where she has taken Constance, and when he grabs her arm the garter there pulls away from a brand of the fleur de lis, and Milady produces two glass daggers filled with acid to attack him. He manages to grab his sword and hold her at bay while he leaves the bedroom, clad only in the sheet, and locks the door. Kitty hands him a cloak and he jumps out the window to escape, finding he has Milady's necklace in his hand. Kitty finally releases her mistress from the bedroom and endures her frustrated blows. Later at the bar, Porthos asks D'Artagnan for money and the necklace slips from his pocket. Athos recognizes it at once, confirming that his wife is still alive. D'Artagnan promises to keep it a secret from the others. Later he goes to the palace to see if the Queen can help find Constance, and is instead captured by the Cardinal's men and taken to his private office. Richelieu remarks upon D'Artagnan's continued good luck and offers friendship in return for the musketeer becoming one of his men, but D'Artagnan refuses and Richelieu warns him that his journey into the battlefront at La Rochelle will be a perilous one. Milady and Rochefort discuss Constance, whom the spy has sent to a private estate. Kitty dutifully gives the information to the musketeers, who agree to help rescue her while D'Artagnan goes ahead toward the battlefront. Constance is fettered in an upstairs room but manages to land a kick on one of the guards when he brings her food; once she has freed herself she runs to the window and finds the courtyard is filled with vicious attack dogs, preventing her escape. The next time a guard comes, she kicks him in the groin before realizing it is Aramis in disguise and she is being rescued. Porthos uses stilts to cross the courtyard with Constance perched on his shoulders to avoid the dogs. The three take her to the convent at Armentieres. D'Artagnan stops at an inn where he plans to meet his friends and finds a note that they were thrown in jail for drunken behavior and sent on a few bottles of wine to drink their health. He declines, saying they will share the wine when they're together again. On the road D'Artagnan is set upon by Rochefort and his hired men, and when the other three musketeers hear dueling in the frigid weather, they join the fray, fighting on an icy lake with unpredictable footing. Still they manage to defeat the gang and take one with them to the inn to question him. He reveals that a meeting is planned at the Red Dove Cote Inn, begs for a drink and is poured some of the wine. Before the others join him, Aramis holds them back as the man quickly goes into convulsions and dies. Sniffing the wine, Aramis says it has been poisoned, probably by Milady. At the Red Dove Cote Inn, Milady meets with the Cardinal and discusses her agenda to rid herself and Rochefort of D'Artagnan and Constance after she does her duty in handling Buckingham, but the Cardinal is unconcerned with her private affairs. She asks for no money for dealing with the duke; she asks instead for carte blanche to deal with her enemies in her own way, and Richelieu produces a vague and craftily written note with his authorization but no words which can be used against him. She tucks it away after he leaves, but suddenly Athos appears and confronts her for the first time since the fateful day when she robbed him of his honor. He asks her for the note, threatening to shoot her if she refuses. Knowing he is capable of it, she surrenders the note. On the battlefield the musketeers have been sent to lend support and see that La Rochelle falls. Athos makes a bet that the four of them can breach the enemy lines and have breakfast atop the bastion--a place where they can discuss matters without the Cardinal's spies within earshot--and they assign Planchet (Roy Kinnear) to bring the ammunition and provisions. They dodge bullets and manage to set up their meal, and Athos gives the note to D'Artagnan and tells them all of the plot to kill Buckingham. Planchet will be assigned to go warn Buckingham, and when the rebels charge the battlement, Athos finds the wall is weak enough that they can push it over to send its stones toppling down on the charging rebels. Milady travels to England to meet Buckingham but fails to convince him to cease aiding the rebels. Outside she prepares a concealed pistol but is caught and sent to the dungeon under the care of his servant Felton (Michael Gothard), a Puritan whose unbreakable faith and detached demeanor the duke trusts. During one visit to check on his prisoner, Milady asks Felton for a Bible, and during his duties he hears her reciting scripture nonstop. Finally she collapses and tells him that she is being persecuted by the Antichrist--Buckingham--and he yields to his doubts and her passions, and later he helps her escape. He proceeds to purchase a knife, meets Buckingham on the docks and uses the weapon to attack his master, who dies from his wounds while Planchet arrives moments too late to warn him. The battle of La Rochelle ends and Rochefort and Milady race the musketeers to Armentieres to claim Constance. The musketeers reach the town nearby just steps ahead of Rochefort, and when they stop for a rest, he gains the lead. The four men remount and give chase, enter the convent by another route but are met by Rochefort and his men. While D'Artagnan and the others battle, the barn next to the convent catches fire, adding to the urgency. Porthos manages to use his new sword technique to dispatch an opponent but catches fire himself; Athos sustains another arm injury and Rochefort escapes. Milady enters the convent disguised as a nun and goes into Constance's room to sit with her. Constance doesn't recognize her in the vestments, continues praying and starts to cry. Milady tells her she should look her best when D'Artagnan arrives, then throws a rosary around Constance's neck and draws it tight. As D'Artagnan finishes dispatching his enemies, Milady leaves Constance's room and attempts to make her escape but is caught by Athos before she can reach her carriage. D'Artagnan bursts into Constance's room to find her strangled body on the floor. He leaves in profound grief and comes upon Rochefort; assuming him the killer, he charges his arch enemy, attacking violently and taking out his anger and misery on him. Again, they are equally matched swordsmen. Aramis and Porthos see them dueling, but Aramis prevents his partner from interfering; it is D'Artagnan's fight alone. By the time the fighting reaches the church, both men have exhausted each other and neither will yield. Rochefort injures D'Artagnan's hand and deals a blow which takes the point off his sword. Desperate, D'Artagnan makes a final lunge and drives his sword home, pinning the spy to the lectern before he falls and dies, and the young musketeer collapses from exhaustion. Later the musketeers gather with their prisoner at a riverbank, standing in judgment of Milady's crimes. They decide the punishment should be death. Athos uses his privileges as a nobleman to hire a headsman and order the execution at the cost of five pistoles. She defiantly demands a trial by a proper court and, when nobody speaks up, she turns to D'Artagnan for help. When he steps forward Athos tells him, in no uncertain terms, that if he moves further the two of them will cross swords and Athos will kill him, so he resumes his place. They watch as the headsman takes Milady in a boat to a small jut of land on the other side of the lake and does his duty; when he returns they grant his request to be paid two pistoles extra for oarsman duties. The musketeers are then rounded up and D'Artagnan finds himself in Cardinal Richelieu's office again. Richelieu reminds him that he refused an offer of friendship and now stands accused of a serious crime. D'Artagnan then produces the Cardinal's own document granting the bearer the privilege to do "what has been done." Knowing he has been defeated, the Cardinal casually burns the note and offers his foe a commission as a lieutenant in the musketeers with the name left blank, saying he and his friends are free to go. Perplexed, D'Artagnan leaves and offers the document to all three of his friends, who politely refuse. He worries that as an officer he will lose his friends, but Porthos assures him that they will always remain "All for one and one for all."
tt0072979
Comedy,Crime
Dawn Davenport (Divine) is a rebellious bad-girl teenager who smokes cigarettes, uses hairspray, and doesn't care about school. Dawn and her two best friends, Chicklette (Susan Walsh) and Concetta (Cookie Mueller), discuss the upcoming Christmas holiday. All three of them intend on using Christmas simply for financial gain, but Dawn has something particular in mind; she has requested "cha cha heels", and she assures her two friends that there will be trouble if her parents let her down. Christmas morning, Dawn's very square parents wake her up to open presents, and Dawn makes a beeline for a certain package the size of a shoebox; it does contain shoes, but not cha-cha heels. "Nice girls don't wear cha-cha heels!" exclaims Dawn's father, but Dawn is furious. She stomps on the rest of the Christmas presents, hurls her mother into the Christmas tree, and curses her parents, running away from home. Outside in her nightgown, coat and slippers on Christmas morning, she is picked up by a sleazy-looking man named Earl Peterson (also played by Divine). Earl takes her to a dump and has sex with her on a dirty mattress, and Dawn steals his wallet. Nine months later, Dawn is living in a cheap hotel and very pregnant. She phones Earl at work and demands money, but he hangs up on her. Dawn stumbles back into the hotel and immediately gives birth to a baby girl she names Taffy, cutting the umbilical cord with her own teeth. Years later, Taffy is an obnoxious preteen girl, and Dawn is working in a number of jobs, including a waitress, a stripper, and a prostitute. She also is a petty thief, working together with Chicklette and Concetta. After Taffy erupts with some particularly annoying behavior, the frustrated Dawn gets Chicklette and Concetta to help chain the child to her bed in the attic. Dawn is despondent about the pressures of being a mother, and Chicklette and Concetta encourage her to pamper herself by getting her hair done at The Lipstick Beauty Salon, where patrons must audition for an appointment. Dawn is immediately favored by the snobbish owners of The Lipstick, Donald and Donna Dasher (David Lochary and Mary Vivian Pearce). She also gets her hair done by Gator Nelson (Michael Potter), who proposes marriage the same day. Gator just happens to be Dawn's next-door neighbor, where he lives with his Aunt Ida (Edith Massey), an obese, elderly woman who dresses outrageously and encourages her nephew to be gay. Aunt Ida is heartbroken when Dawn and Gator get married, and she clashes with Dawn repeatedly thereafter. Dawn and Gator are married for five years before things start to fall apart. Gator cheats on her with various women, while Ida harasses her by doing things like dumping garbage in her back yard. Taffy grows into a strange teenager who likes to play "car accident", where she re-enacts fatal car crashes using props. One day, after a bad fight with Gator (he places a carrot in Dawn's mouth during sexual climax), Dawn goes to get her hair done and is called into the private quarters of the Dashers, who inform her that they want her to be a model for them. The Dashers are obsessed with crime and feel that it is connected to beauty, and they ask that Dawn be their "crime model". In return, she gets special treatment and they immediately honor her request to fire Gator. Gator becomes enraged and decides to leave Baltimore for Detroit, so that he can become part of the auto industry. Aunt Ida, who is still trying to fix Gator up with other men, becomes insane with sadness. Before Gator leaves, he punches Dawn in the face and gives her a black eye. The Dashers join her at her home for dinner that evening and are thrilled by her black eye, photographing it. Taffy embarasses Dawn by starting an argument, and Dawn smashes a chair over her back, rendering her unconscious. The Dashers are thrilled, photographing the fight, but they are even more excited when Aunt Ida forces her way into the house and hurls acid in Dawn's face, scarring her for life. After Dawn recovers from her wounds, her face is horribly mutilated, but the Dashers convince her that her wounds are 'beauty marks', and she refuses plastic surgery. They also redecorate her home and buy her new clothes. Dawn's final treat is Ida herself, kidnapped and imprisoned in a bird cage for Dawn's amusement. Taffy enrages Dawn by insisting that Dawn tell her the whereabouts of her father, Earl, but when Taffy finds him, he makes drunken sexual advances towards her. As a result, Taffy stabs him to death and runs from the scene. The Dashers escalate their experiment with Dawn, injecting her with liquid eyeliner and telling her it is like drugs. Dawn is so influenced by them that she no longer knows what is real and what isn't. They design a stage show for her, and on opening night she is visited backstage by Taffy, who has converted to a hare krishna. Dawn strangles her to death in front of the Dashers and her friends, who cheer her on. On stage, Dawn fires a gun into the crowd, killing an audience member. A riot breaks out, with several more audience members killed in the melee. The Dashers are arrested, but Dawn escapse and hides out in the woods. She isn't a fugitive for long; she is found and brought back to Baltimore for trial. Dawn feels no remorse for her crime, considering the trial the highest reward for her 'career', but she is outraged when the Dashers turn tail and try to deny their involvement in everything. For their testimony they are granted immunity, and Dawn gets the death sentence. Her stint in jail leads her to believe she is a superstar, and her criminal celebrity will endure after she is dead. As they strap Dawn into the electric chair, she launches into a speech where she thanks everybody for this crowning moment, and they throw the switch, killing her.
tt0070022
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The tension between a lonely policemen and the journeymen of the counter culture provides the subtext, and the stunning martian look of the Arizona mesa the backdrop, of a brilliant and influential debut feature by musician James William Guercio; the film is the missing link between The Searchers and No Country for Old Men. John Wintergreen is a diminutive motorcycle cop working the lonely highways of Arizona in the mid seventies. He works alone, but occasionally hooks up with his pal "Zipper". Wintergreen is conscientious and friendly, whereas Zipper is bored and argumentative, often holing up off the highway to read comic books rather than out on the road . Wintergreen is a native american and has ambitions to be a detective. So when Zipper and Wintergreen find a delerious and disoriented elderly man wandering in the desert, the trail of how he got there leads back to a deserted shack. Inside is the body of a man who has committed suicide with a shotgun. Wintergreen airs his suspicions about the death, first to the coroner who is keen not to get involved, and then to Harve Poole, an Arizona detective. Harve believes John Wintergreen's suspicions are right and takes him under his wing as his driver and protege. This seems like the break Wintergreen needs to leave the big Harley police bike behind and to walk tall as a detective, in fresh duds, boots and a stetson, dispensing wisdom. But tensions between the two mount over cocktail waitress Jolene ,and in differences of opinion over the murder, especially over some missing money, some hidden drugs and the suspected involvement of outlaw hippy bikers, whom Harve is keen to bust. Wintergreens own run-ins with the hippies on their way to and from California were mostly friendly. Some of his colleagues in the Highway Patrol, however, believe they are in a running battle with disrespectful, drug running, proto-terrorists. John is caught in the nexus of his loyalty to the police force, his ambitions to be detective, his companions distrust of the hippies, Harve's domioneering style, Zippers recidivism, Jolenes manipulation, his sense of responsibility and his own easygoing natural empathy with the people he meets. Something has to give
tt0075342
Crime,Drama,Horror
Sunday, March 3, 1946, in the small town of Texarkana, Arkansas, Sammy and Linda Mae are out parking in a car. The car hood pops open and a man wearing a hood over his face takes something from the engine. Sammy realizes that someone is out there and fruitlessly tries starting the car as the hooded man breaks the drivers side car window with a pipe and pulls Sammy out. Linda Mae screams, and the man goes for her as well. Linda Mae is found lying severely wounded on the side of the road the following morning and both she and Sammy are taken to a nearby hospital. A doctor tells Deputy Ramsey and Sheriff Barker that Linda Mae was "bitten" and "literally chewed" on different parts of her body by the assailant. Police Chief Sullivan asks about the Lovers Lane Case and he tells the other officers to warn people about parking on lonely roads. Ramsey states his belief that the mysterious person will strike again. On March 24, Howard and his girlfriend, Emma Lou, go out driving in the rain. After hearing gunshots, Ramey, patrolling in his car, finds Howard's parked car, but no one around. Ramsey hears more gunshots and in the woods he finds Howard and Emma Lou, both dead, having been shot several times. The hooded killer gets in the parked car and drives away. Since the killer, now known as "The Phantom" seems to have no motive and the townspeople begin to dread sundown. A few days later, Ramsey goes to the nearby train station to meet Captain Morales, a famous criminal investigator and Texas Ranger who arrives in Texarkana to find the killer. Morales has the officers set up a curfew for the entire town. Many people are on the case, including a few associates of the FBI whom also arrive in town to assist. But a number of criminals and crazy people come forward admitting to the murders, while a horde of other citizens are demanding protection. Ramsey tells Morales that on April 14, twenty-one more days after the second attack, the killer may strike again. Morales sets up decoys (cops posing as couples in unmarked parked cars). That very night at the local Junior and High Schools Prom, many people are leaving under the watchful eyes of the police officers nearby. Peggy gets her trombone and leaves with her boyfriend Roy. Roy suggests parking at their favorite spot, despite Peggy's wariness over the recent murders. After making out, the two of them nod off and wake up in their car at 2:40 in the morning. As Roy starts the car and begins to drive away, the Phantom suddenly appears and jumps on their car, grabs Roy and causes both of them to fall out. The Phantom whacks Roy on the head with a pistol and chases Peggy down, and ties her to a tree. A dazed Roy gets up and tries to run away, but the killer shoots him dead. The killer gets Peggy's trombone, attaches a knife to the end, and "plays" the instrument, stabbing Peggy in the back a few times, killing her. The next day, Morales is upset that the Phantom was able to kill again with all the law officers out looking for him. In a nearby diner, Morales, Ramsey and the group talk to Dr. Kress, who says that the Phantom is apparently motivated by a strong sex drive and will probably not get caught. He also says that the killings are like a game of the Phantom. Morales asks the doctor if the killer is insane, in which Dr. Kress replies "oh, yes!" At a nearby table, an unseen man, (wearing the killer's boots and slacks) stands up and walks out of the diner unnoticed after he has apparently heard everything the officers were talking about. Back at the station, Morales talks to a man named Johnson, who says that he was held at gunpoint by a man claiming to have killed five people. Morales and Ramsey get a call about an armed man. They spot him speeding away from a store and chase him down. The man, Eddie, is arrested after they find that he is driving a stolen car. Johnson identifies him as the man with the gun. Under interrogation, Eddie says that he is the Phantom, but Morales does not believe him and correctly suspects that Eddie is just another nutcase who wants to confess to being the killer in order to gain publicity and fame for it. On Friday, May 3, Helen drives away after grocery shopping and is unknowingly followed by the unseen killer who is identified by his familiar boots. While she is at home in a remote farmhouse, her husband, Floyd, in the living room, is sitting in a armchair reading a newspaper when the Phantom walks up to the window and shoots him twice with a silenced pistol. Helen only hears the breaking glass and enters the living room to see Floyd fall out of his chair to the floor dead with two bullet wounds in the back of his head and neck. Helen runs to a phone to call the police when the killer bursts into the house through the front door and shoots Helen twice in the face. While the Phantom enters the living room to look at Floyd's dead body, Helen, despite being shot in her right cheek and shot through her open mouth, manages to crawl out of the house through the back door and stumbles into a cornfield. The Phantom follows her out with a pick ax. After a cat-and-mouse game of hiding in the cornfield, Helen gets to a nearby house and bangs on the door and windows yelling for help. A concerned farmer, armed with a shotgun, comes out to help her in. The killer, seeing the man with a gun, angrily flees. Another few weeks later, Ramsey and Morales get a call about an abandoned car that fits the description of the car Ramsey saw that rainy night. They find the car and they get some shotguns from their police car and run off into the woods to look for the Phantom. They find the Phantom walking around an old quarry, walking around with the hood still on him. Morales and Ramsey chase the Phantom through the woods and to railroad tracks where the Phantom jumps over the tracks and a moving train gets between them. Morales fires under the moving train and hits the killer in his left leg. The Phantom manages to stumble away into the woods on the other side of the tracks. Over the next few days, police officers and Bloodhound dogs search the woods and the nearby swamps, but the wounded killer is not found. Afterwards, the killings stop, but the fear continues on to this day. The voice-over narrator explains that no one ever found out what happened to the Phantom. In the final scene, during the Christmas season of 1976, the film 'The Town That Dreaded Sundown' premieres in Texarkana and the shoes of the Phantom are seen on someone standing in line. The voice-over narrator details the fates of each of the main characters: Captain J.D. Morales never stopped looking for the Phantom Killer. He returned to his home in Laredo, Texas later that same year and kept digging and searching for evidence for the next decade in one of America's most baffling and unsolved cases. As of present day 1976, he lives in Dallas, Texas and is retired from the Texas Rangers. The Texarkana Police Chief R.J. Sullivan was re-elected for three more terms before he retired and died in 1970. Texarkana Sheriff Otis Barker was also re-elected for several more terms and never stopped working on the Phantom Killer case until he died in 1966. Helen Reed recovered from her injuries after several weeks in a hospital and is currently living in Texarkana, Arkansas. Sammy Fuller and Linda Mae Jenkins both moved away from Texarkana after recovering from their injuries and their whereabouts are unknown. Deputy Sheriff Norman Ramsey served the rest of his life as a police officer in Miller County, Arkansas. He died in 1973.
tt0070814
Adventure,Musical,Family
Tom Sawyer (Johnny Whitaker) and Huckleberry Finn (Jeff East) play hooky from school and have a plan to revive a dead cat with the spirit of a man who is on his death bed. Sawyer and Finn talk with Muff Potter (Warren Oates), the town drunk, but are interrupted when Injun Joe (Henry O'Brien) says that Doc Robinson (Richard Eastham) wants to see them. Potter and Joe meet Robinson and he informs them that they have a job to dig the grave of Williams. Joe is angry that Robinson didn't fix his leg correctly. Meanwhile, Sawyer continues to skip school and comes up with fantastic stories about why he's not home for dinner, where he tricks the children of the town to do his punishment chores for him. After Williams dies, the two go to the graveyard and find out that Potter and Joe are digging up a grave on the advice of Doc Robinson. Joe continues to be angry at Robinson and demands more money for the job. When Robinson refuses, Joe picks up a shovel, accidentally knocking Potter out, hits Robinson into the grave with the shovel, then grabs Potter's knife and jumps in after Robinson. Sawyer and Finn witness all this and then run off, making a pact not to tell anyone what they saw. Joe frames Potter for the murder and Potter goes to jail. Meanwhile, the beautiful Becky Thatcher (Jodie Foster) moves to town which sends Sawyer into a romantic daze. At the trial for Potter, Sawyer is unable to contain himself as Joe is called to the stand and lies about the incident, continuing to frame Potter for the murder. As Sawyer is called to the stand, he relates what happened, not mentioning that Finn was with him. Suddenly, Joe throws a knife at Sawyer, narrowly missing Sawyer's head and jumps out the window of the courthouse, fleeing. After the trial, Sawyer and Thatcher get "engaged" but that quickly ends when Sawyer mentions he's also engaged to Amy Lawrence. After sulking, Sawyer is attacked by Finn for "breaking the pact" and they both decide to run away. While paddling down the Mississippi, their raft is capsized by a passing riverboat and they end up on an island where they enjoy freedom and muse over what happened to Joe. While on the island, they witness some people "dragging the river", a process where a cannon is fired to bring up any bodies from the bottom of the river. Sawyer and Finn decide to "go home" and find out that there's a funeral being held for them. The funeral service breaks up when Judge Thatcher (Noah Keen) sees them in the back of the church. The Widow Douglas (Lucille Benson) takes Finn under her wing after that. Later, at a 4th of July celebration, Sawyer and Becky Thatcher go into McDougal's Cave for a drink of water from the underground spring and run into Joe. Joe chases them through the cave, intent to kill Sawyer. However, Judge Thatcher, Muff Potter and Huckleberry Finn catch up to Joe and Potter throws a torch at Joe and he falls to his death. Later, Finn disappears, worrying the Widow Douglas and Sawyer finds him at the old fishing place they hang out at. Sawyer berates Finn for worrying Douglas, and Potter decides to leave the town.
tt0118852
Drama
Harry Levine (Al Pacino) is a washed-up writer -- or so he fears -- who wants nothing more than success and happiness. Somehow, though, he seems to always find himself straying from his grand plan. Hoping for an honest review of his work, Levine spends an hour with his friend Jake Manheim (Jerry Orbach), a man whose wisdom abounds in the twilight of his life. But can an old dog like Harry learn new and, ultimately, more life-affirming tricks?
tt0110255
Action,Sport
The camera pans along the outside of Sante Federal Penitentiary and into the cell of David Sloane (Sasha Mitchell). David is writing a letter to his wife, Vicky (Deborah Mansy), talking to her about how he was framed for a crime he didn't commit, at the hands of Tong Po. David begins talking about events that began when his brother Eric, a national kickboxing champion, went to Thailand to fight in bigger challenges. Flashbacks to scenes from the movie Kickboxer (1989) show Eric arrogantly believing he can best any challenger until he fights Tong Po (then played by Michel Qissi), who cripples him with a brutal elbow to his spine as he is prone on the mat. David's letter then talks about his other brother, Kurt (Jean-Claude Van Damme) training in Thailand to avenge Eric. Kurt defeated Tong Po and dishonored him. Tong Po ambushed both Kurt and Eric before they could leave Thailand and murdered them. Then, when he found out there was a third Sloan brother, he came to America to force David to fight him. (Scenes from Kickboxer 2: The Road Back (1991) highlight these flashbacks). After Tong Po burned down David's gym, killing a young boy, Sloane trained with the same elderly Thai who trained Kurt, and defeated Tong Po. David then met Vicky, and they married and opened a school, and life was good... until David was arrested and jailed. David's letter concludes by warning Vicky that he believes even this will not be enough to sate Tong Po's wrath-- David is sure that Vicky herself will be targeted. He is warning her to hide and run from Tong Po, so that she is safe. A car drives into a gated estate. Two men emerge, dragging along a captive woman wearing handcuffs. She is brought into the estate where one of her captors has her handcuffs removed. Immediately she lashes out against both men, killing one of them. Her attempted flight is halted as Tong Po enters the room. The captive woman is Vicky Sloan. She tries to fight Tong Po (now played by Kamel Krifa), who easily wards off her attack and leaves her crumpled on the floor after a brutal knee to her stomach. Identifying himself to Vicky, Tong Po shoves her down onto a bed and brutally rapes her. Back at the penitentiary, David is told he has mail. He opens the letter and then sits on his chair back in his cell in disgust. The letter says simply, 'Don't worry-- I'm taking good care of her. Your old friend, Tong Po,' along with a photo of Vicky as Tong Po's captive. David fights another inmate in a yard fight, knocking him out. Officers break it up and put him in solitary. Later he is brought into a room to be spoken to by a visitor, who turns out to be a DEA agent named Casey (Nicholas Guest). David receives Casey coldly, and they briefly argue over the events leading up to David's imprisonment before David tells him that it's been two years that Vicky has been held captive by Tong Po... David believes she's probably dead. Casey is offering David a way out: Tong Po has been the most powerful drug lord in Mexico for five years now, operating out of a sprawling ranch-estate that is fortified as well as any fortress. The DEA can't get close enough to shut him down. But every year on the 'Day of the Dead,' Po invites top fighters from around the world to compete at his compound, and the winner is challenged to fight Tong Po himself, for a million dollars. The DEA plans to secrete David as a fighter in the tournament. Some of Tong Po's men are in the pentientiary and the DEA will use David having been in solitary to 'hide' him from them. The mission is dangerous because Tong Po might recognize David, even after so many years since their last encounter. David is cynical at being recruited and offered freedom only because the DEA needs him, but he's more than ready to settle the score with Tong Po once and for all, and free Vicky from captivity. As David walks out of the prison, a biker rides by, dropping a manila envelope. It contains a faked passport for David and instructions to go to a location where back-alley street fights are held. He needs to impress one of Tong Po's men in these fights to get invited to the tournament. David passes a woman doing Tai Chi exercises and has a memory of training Vicky in martial arts. David goes to where the fight is happening. Interrupting the fight, he takes on both participants and knocks them out. Brubaker (Nicholas Anthony) is impressed and gives David the invite to the tournament down in Calixico, Mexico, with a million dollar payday for the big winner. As David walks on, Brubaker makes the call to tell Tong Po's men about a new entrant named Jack Jones, and tells them, 'don't piss him off.' David gets a ride with a biker to a town five miles from the Mexican border. He goes into a rough redneck bar where some of the men are harrassing a short blonde woman named Megan Laurence (Michele Krasnoo). When she proves adept at fending them off, some of them get behind her and break bottles over her head to knock her out. David cleans house, knocking everyone into the middle of the next millennium. But Megan proves entirely ungrateful and cold to David for his assistance. She realizes that David is headed to Mexico for the tournament and gives him a word of advice: that when he meets her in battle, to assume they'd never met. David gets a ride down to Calixico and makes his way to Tong Po's compound. He is met there by the hostess, Darcy (Jill Pierce). She takes him to the area where fighters battle it out to qualify for the tournament. As he is 'registered' for the final qualifying matches, he sees Megan Laurence staring intently at him. David watches a qualifying fight that shows a tall man with a long ponytail and a short goatee named Thomas (Burton Richardson) as a fearsome, sadistic fighter. He is then selected for the next qualifying match, finding to his dismay that his opponent is Megan. David doesn't want to fight Megan, thinking she is in way too far over her head already. Megan rakes a vicious kick across his face that hardly fazes him except for briefly snapping his head to one side. Sighing, David easily dodges her next attack and puts her in a sleeper hold that knocks her out. David is given a guest room on the compound and promptly sneaks out, finding that he has an ally-- Lando Smith (Brad Thornton), the young brother of one of David's students, whose life was straightened out by David. David continues sneaking around, trying to get intel, while Lando tries to question Darcy, whose answers are elusive but show she's not without a heart. Lando finds out that Tong Po will probably make Megan Laurence into one of his sex captives-- and when these young women reach a certain age, their future is grim. The fighters that qualified for the tournament are regaled at an opening celebration. David stares coldly as Tong Po is introduced. Later, David and Lando are talking. Concerned at being recognized by Tong Po, David hopes to discreetly locate Vicky and sneak away with her. Finding the celebration not to his liking, David leaves to return to his room. Tong Po takes the microphone again to announce that he is allowing one of the disqualified fighters a second chance to prove worthy of the tournament. Guards usher Megan Laurence forth and Tong Po announces that any fighter who defeats her will receive a $25,000 bonus-- but if Megan wins that battle, she'll take the place of the fighter who lost to her. A number of fighters all rush at Megan, who fights them off. Lando comes to her defense, even challenging Tong Po himself and not backing down after all the guards aim their guns right at him point blank. Tong Po merely laughs Lando off and tells him to enjoy the rest of the celebration. Megan grudgingly thanks Lando, who leads her away to get her cleaned up. Darcy intently watches them walk away. Darcy later goes to Lando's room to seduce him, and she is stunned when he turns her away. She leaves angrily, suggesting that maybe he 'doesn't like girls' or else 'prefers underage tramps.' After having snuck through much of Tong Po's compound, David takes out some papers from the manila envelope he'd received outside the penitentiary, which include a blueprint of the compound. Later that evening, he again sneaks through the compound in dark clothes and a ski mask. He finds his way to where many women are held captive and forced to have sex with compound men, and with each other. He knocks out two guards and finds Vicky in a cell. But before he can rescue her, security alarms sound and he must elude converging security to make it back undetected to his room. The next morning everyone is gathered in the tournament area. Tong Po warns all the fighters that he knows that someone trespassed into private areas of the compound, and anyone caught doing so would face serious punishment. The competition begins, and a number of matches are shown. Guards bring Vicky breakfast. She tries to melee with them and it takes four of them to grapple and restrain her. More matches are shown. Thomas, Megan and Lando all win their matches. David manages to keep his back and profile to Tong Po throughout his match, and also defeats his opponent. After the first round is over, Lando and David talk. David says he knows where Vicky is being held, and needs to find a way in. Lando says he might know a way. He goes to hit on Darcy, who is still steaming mad over his rebuffing her the previous night. But deep down, she still lusts for Lando, and gives in to his advances. After they are done, Lando confides in Darcy that he's here to free a woman captive who's been in the compound two years. Darcy is afraid of being found out, but Lando plays on her compassion; despite her suggestions to the contrary, Lando knows that Darcy herself is a captive of Tong Po, and he'll probably dispose of her anyway for someone younger once she reaches a certain age. He offers to try and help rescue her as well if she trusts him. As Lando leaves Darcy's room, another man knocks on her door. David leaves Lando's room, thanking him for his help. There's a knock on Lando's door, and two men rush in and knock him out. Lando awakens tied to a chair in Tong Po's home in the compound. Tong Po confronts Lando, knowing he is a DEA agent. Tong Po tries to torture it out of him, rubbing salt into Lando's wounds, but Lando doesn't break. Finally Tong Po plays one last card-- he has Darcy brought in. She is bound and gagged, dirty and disheveled, and it looks like she's been sexually abused. Tong Po takes a small knife blade and makes several deep cuts in Darcy's flesh as she screams in agony through her gag. Lando finally admits to being DEA and Tong Po 'thanks' him by making one last deep stab into Darcy's breast. David goes to where women captives are held and finds the cells empty. He knows that Tong Po is on to him and the women have been moved in anticipation. He fights his way through several converging guards until he is ambushed and knocked out by Tong Po himself. Tong Po unmasks David and promptly recognizes him. Tong Po's torturing of Darcy broke Lando into revealing everything. Early the next morning. David, Lando and Darcy are tied to ceiling beams in a cell. Darcy is dead, hanging limply from the ropes binding her wrists. Lando tells David that he's a DEA agent and infiltrated the tournament as David's backup. The final tournament rounds are scheduled to begin. Tong Po tells the remaining fighters that unlike the previous rounds, these matches are to the death. Each fight ends only with the death of one opponent. Those who are too intimidated by these odds, must leave the compound immediately. But when a few of the contestants choose to take Tong Po up on the offer, he pulls a gun and kills them all. The final matches begin with competitors stepping up their game. Megan refuses to finish off her beaten opponent, and Tong Po laughs at her defiance. Bodies of slain opponents are dragged just to the outside edges of the fighting ring and left there. When only a few participants are left, Lando and David are brought in. Tong Po announces that five years ago, his wife Sian was killed in a fire resulting from a DEA raid. He holds David Sloan responsible for Sian's death. He announces that a half a million dollar bonus will go to whomever fights David. A gunman forces a handcuffed Vicky to her knees on a walkway overlooking the tournament area. Thomas grabs the opportunity to fight David, but David defeats Thomas and two other challengers. Getting frustrated, Tong Po orders Megan to fight David. Getting to her feet, Megan reveals what she now understands about the tournament: it's all a setup for wanton violence. Tong Po never intended to pay anyone or let any of the participants leave alive. She feels that Tong Po is afraid of fighting David himself. She, David, Lando, and the other fighters attack all the guards and take them out, except for Thomas, who fights on Tong Po's side. Lando knocks Thomas out as Tong Po enters the ring himself. He beats Lando savagely, and doesn't even look at Megan as she batters him about the chest and midsection with kicks. He only smiles when she lands several kicks to his face before knocking her off her feet. David and Tong Po lock eyes. David stalks him out into the area where the opening celebration was held. Tong Po holds Vicky in a chokehold. David coldly tells him that killing Vicky will not bring back Tong Po's honor, but only shame him forever. Seething with malice, Tong Po acknowledges the truth of David's words and releases Vicky. David wades into battle with Tong Po, becoming more vicious every minute until he is beating Tong Po nearly within an inch of his life. Tong Po's right hand man finally interrupts the battle by threatening Vicky with a gun. David steps away from Tong Po, who scuttles away like a scalded dog. David stalks toward the right-hand man, discreetly picking up a long knife. Hurling it from behind his back, he kills the right hand man. The remaining fighters make their way out of the compound, Megan helping Lando as they meet up with David and Vicky. The camera pans away from the compound into the skies as we fade to black.
tt0120467
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Will Carlson (Brian O'Halloran) is a 20-something loser who lives in a rundown neighborhood in a bad section of New Jersey, where he ekes out a living as a birthday party clown in order to pay the rent for his mean-spirited and abusive mother's (Debbie Karr) nursing home and the rent on own room in a rundown boarding house where he lives. Despite the difficulties of the job, playing a party clown is Will's one escape from the realities of his miserable existence; Bums sleep on the lawn outside his house, kids throw rocks at his passing car, and all people that Will interacts with, from strangers on the street to waitresses at local cafes and restaurants, are downright rude and belligerent. Yet among this misanthropic world Will lives in, he genuinely likes kids, and takes great joy from making them happy on their birthdays since young children are apparenly the only ones who don't treat him like dirt and see his clownish antics as an escape from their own miserable lives with their parents. Will's only real friend is Syd Gilbert (writer-director Bryan Johnson), a former high school friend who makes a living as a laborer and has connections to the local gangs that run the neighborhoods. Struggling to make ends meet, but not wanting to give up his dream job, Will comes up with the idea to be a high-priced "bachelor party clown." Will's idea is that men throwing bachelor parties can hire him as well as a stripper; Will enters the room prior to the "real" entertainment, wearing clown makeup and lingerie, tricking the bachelor into thinking that there was a mix-up and a gay stripper has been sent in lieu of a female one. Will invents the persona of Vulgar the Clown (after his friend, Syd, tells him that the entire idea is "vulgar") and solicits himself in the want-ads. Before long, he is hired to appear at a bachelor party being held at a nearby motel. When Will arrives for the party (wearing stockings, garters, clown makeup, and a trench-coat), he is immediately attacked and brutally beaten up by a violent-tempered, foul-mouthed, middle-aged man, Ed (Jerry Lewkowitz), and his two murderous sons, the equally violent Gino (Matt Maher) and the hulking dim-witted Frankie (Ethan Suplee). The three men then proceed to gang rape Will, taking turns videotaping the attack. The trio hold Will hostage in the motel room for an indeterminate amount of time, during which they subject him to a series of violent and humiliating sexual assaults. Once it's over, the men let Will go, telling him that if he goes to the police, the authorities will question the attack, as Will believed he was attending a bachelor party while dressed in women's lingerie. A tearful Will goes home and spends the remainder of the night and part of the next morning crying while he washes himself clean in the bathtub. Will spends a considerable amount of time after the attack in a crippling depression, which nearly costs him his home as his landlord comes to call demanding the rent money. Will confides in Syd about what the three men did to him, and forces Syd to keep it a secret. Eventually, Will fulfills a promise to appear as a clown at one of his past-clients' children's party. When he gets to the party, Will discovers a hostage crisis is occurring; the violent and estranged father of one of the children, in the middle of divorce proceedings, has kidnapped his own daughter and is threatening to kill her. Still in a suicidal attitude, Will sneaks past the police barricade, breaks into the house, and subdues the father. News reporters capture some of the event on film, and before long the story makes national headlines. Will becomes known as "the hero clown;" the attention and outpouring of support breaks him out of his depression. One day, a local TV producer named Martan Ingram (Kevin Smith) approaches him and offers him a job of having his own TV show for his station. Will is eventually given his own syndicated children's television show with himself playing 'Pappy the Clown'. Will's life seems to improve as he moves into a fancy house in a nicer neighborhood and brings Syd to live with him as his roommate. The media coverage attracts the attention of Ed and his murderous sons (who are still raping, as well as killing, young men while keeping his double life a secret from his second wife). They approach Will and threaten him with a copy of the videotape of him being sodomized and begin to extort money from him. When Will tries to pay the men off, they attack him in a bathroom stall. While Ed and his sons take the money, they still will not let Will off the hook. Will finally strikes an agreement with the men wherein he will come to a motel room and "perform" for them, allowing himself to be taken advantage of again, and they will give him all of the copies of the tape. However, Will secretly plans to ambush and murder all of them with the help of Syd, who purchases two pistols from the local drug dealer named Tuott the Basehead (Jason Mewes). When the time comes, Will finds himself unable to kill his three tormentors. Just as Ed and his sons move in to rape and murder Will, Ed's son Frankie accidentally shoots himself in the face with Will's gun. Then, a shootout ensues with another (unnamed) lowlife at the motel, who breaks into the room to rob them. Both the bum and Ed's other son (Gino) shoot each other to death. Ed panics, and Will chases him through the motel parking lot to a nearby playground. As Will approaches him to shoot him, Ed drops dead of a massive heart attack. His conscience clear, Will retrieves the tape and gives it to Syd to destroy to cover up his past. In the free and clear, Will then goes back to hosting his childrens television show.
tt0133985
Action,Crime,Thriller
Images of haywire outside a prison. It's a rainy night. A police car arrives. The new inmate in cell 6 used to be a lawyer, Lawson Russell (Cuba Gooding Jr.). He speaks in the voiceover and says that people love to see a lawyer trapped in prison, as the system is seen as something which protects the strong versus the week, and he says that he started to understand that a Thursday, during Carnival time. Cut to New Orleans, during Carnival time. People drinking and a girl who shows off her breasts to the cheering crowd. Lawson alleges he's just met his consciousness, that it wouldn't go away, and that a lawyer is not allowed to have one. He phones Judge Banning, and somebody dressed up as the devil who has just broken produces a gun while he's giving that person his back and talking on the phone. Judge Wiley Banning (Carmen Argenziano) is dressed up as Caesar in a party at his home. Lawson wants to recuse himself and resign from his present case. Banning tells him that he's bound to win the case, so that he's being stupid, and he screams at Lawson saying that he wants to see him in his chambers the following day. Lawson admits that it was professional suicide. Banning calls Lawson's present client, Thurman Parks III (Eric Stoltz). Thurman and Lawson had grown up together. Thurman was the mayor's son, and Lawson was a lawyer's son. Thurman had killed a dancer, smothering her with her pantyhose. Lawson says that juries won't declare over the innocence or otherwise of an accused person, but over the abilities of the best lawyer. Lawson says that he showed the jurors a photograph of the half-naked body of the deceased until they were desensitized and it became meaningless, while the parents of the girl were devastated. Lawson recognises that the strategy was working. Talking in private in Lawson's office, Thurman becomes cocky, saying that he had told "that bitch" that he'd get away with it, referring to an unknown reporter the audience knows nothing about. That admission makes Russell cringe. They had been preparing the questions and answers Thurman would answer the following day in court. It was a rainy night as well, the wind pushes open the windows, and Lawson says that the case saved his life. The plaintiff, Billy Ray Richardson (Doug Wert) and Lawson are arguing in front of Banning. The judge tells him that he'll have Russell disbarred if he doesn't finish the case. The jury foreman (David Willis) calls for everybody to rise when Banning enters the room. Russell says that if you are very rich, as Thurman was, proof is very hard to come by. He's looking at the victim's photograph while Banning tells him to start, and Thurman smirks triumphantly to him, which it's the last straw for him. Thurman is going to testify before the jury. He starts saying what he'd memorized: on the 17th of June he was in the Silverband Club having a drink with Janey Broussard (Tara Crespo), the deceased. Lawson asks Thurman what they talked about out of the blue; Thurman answers, but afterwards, Lawson shouts to him if she could say something while he killed her. Thurman doesn't want to answer, Banning tries to stop this thread of inquires, declares him out of order and a police officer finally takes Lawson away. It was declared a mistrial. Lawson Russell gets disbarred and he has to leave his office. His best friend Elizabeth Pope (Marianne Jean-Baptiste) tries to defend her friend, but it was an impossible feat. The Louisiana Chief of Justice (Sharon Samples) disbars Lawson. Elizabeth tries to offer some consolation, saying that he defended the innocent and punished the guilty, and that his late father would be proud of his son. Lawson decides to go back to Key West, where his father had left a house, to write a John Grisham-like novel. A year afterwards, a sick old man supposedly called Christopher Marlowe hires Russell and his boat to go out fishing. Lawson is drunk, but they bond over the fishing. Marlowe talks about his late wife while Lawson says that he could feel something odd in his customer. Later, they go to a bar to have some drinks, which Churkie (Shawn C. Suttles) serves. Marlowe asks for a daiquiri, Hemingway's favourite. They talk about pocket watches, and Marlowe says that his is special, as it has a sing-song music. Russell tells Marlowe that he's a writer now, but that he used to be a barrister. Marlowe begins bad-mouthing lawyers. Lawson admits he had fun, but he's as sure as hell glad when he says goodbye to him. Back home, the following morning, Lawson orders the sale of some of his stock, as he's not earning enough money to pay for his expenses and he may lose the house - which he doesn't even want to think about. His book, after a year, was only on page 6. He admits that writing is very hard. At this moment, Marlowe pops in. He seems to feel a bit sick, so Lawson offers him a glass of water. Marlowe produces a novel he's just written, and he asks Lawson to read it and give him his honest opinion. The frail man leaves, and tells Lawson to take his time reading his novel, and that they may meet up at the same bar at night. Lawson turns off his computer and starts reading A Murder of Crows, by Christopher Marlowe. It begins with a William Shakespeare's quotation: First thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. A Murder of Crows is about 5 Southern defense attorneys who defend people who they know they are guilty but are finally acquainted. These lawyers are all rich, but they are killed in revenge of their defending rich clients. The suspenseful thriller novel is so exciting, that Lawson goes to the bar to meet Marlowe, but Churkie tells him that he's already left, feeling bad. When Lawson goes to the boarding hotel where Marlowe leaves, he can only see Goethe, a police officer that the old man died without family of natural causes - a heart attack. What Lawson knows doesn't match up with what Goethe knows, as Marlowe had told his landlady (Ellen Gerstein) that he had not family. Goethe says that spouses sometimes go after one another in less than a year. He suggests Russell lights a candle in Saint Andrew's. Goethe says that Marlowe will be cremated tomorrow, and that his belongings will go to the state, so Lawson holds onto A Murder of Crows. Lawson looks for a publishing house for the computer-version he's plagiarised. Janine DeVrie (Ashley Laurence), owner of DeVrie Publishers, is immediately interested. She treats him as a start from the beginning. The book is an instant bestseller, and Lawson can afford a sports car, a jewellery watch, and he starts a relationship with Janine DeVrie while making it up to the cover of Forbes magazine among others. Janine suggests an advance over Russell's following book. She takes him to his mansion by limousine and they make wild sex. Her nipple is pierced. Outside her one-of-a-15-bedroom room, crows gather. A white-trash man whose surname is Dubose asks for Russell's signature in a long line of people at Planet Hollywood. The audience realises that it's the same man as Goethe and Marlowe, but Lawson pays no attention, in spite of his complaint about having an impersonal greeting. Elizabeth Pope congratulates him as well. It's then when Lawson realises what he's done, and that there would never be a "next book". He realises he's a thief, and that he was losing the only decent thing in his life - Elizabeth. He takes a rest to have a smoke, and Thurman appears with his novel in his hands. He's been acquainted in a second trial. Truman threatens him. It looks as if Thurman knew Janine making a stupid remark about her "not forgetting his whip". A hand-gloved person sends a signed copy of the book to Clifford "Cliff" Dubose (Tom Berenger), and the packet is waiting for him when he returns from his holiday in Jamaica. This Dubose is clearly NOT the Dubose the book was signed for. He starts reading it after feeding his car. A New Orleans desk Sergeant (Robert Peters) mockingly greets Dubose. A police technician who was sleeping while on duty looks for murder victims whose occupation prior was being a lawyer. Dubose arrests Lawson. Billy Ray accuses Russell of having killed the 5 victims, disguising the crimes as suicides or accidents and then telling everything in the book. Obviously, Russell says it's a coincidence, but Billy Ray says that even details which were not released to the press appeared in the book. Immediately, Lawson realises that he burnt the only thing which could prove he didn't write A Murder of Crows, as he had put the original manuscript into the fire. Dubose was the investigator of the first case, which had been disguised as a burglary gone awry. Lawson won't speak anymore, and he asks for an attorney. Billy Ray cynically wishes him good luck in finding one, as he knows that the association of lawyers had condemned his novel, so he will have problems to hire one. So Lawson calls for Elizabeth Pope's help. He tells her that he'll collaborate with the police if he's let outside. While he and Pope leave the police station, Dubose tells Richardson that Russell is guilty, because he's looked at him. Dubose tells his officers to follow Russell, and Billy Ray says that he knows the judge who would sign a search warrant. Lawson checks in the newspaper news about the five murdered attorneys. She can't believe it when he tells her that he's got no source apart from a manuscript he himself had destroyed in his fireplace. Pope refuses to represent him. On his way back home, Lawson mocks one of the officers (Chad Rose) who are following him, but to his dismay, his house is being searched. Dubose gives permission to the searchers to be "particularly destructive", and somewhere something made of glass gets broken. Dubose admits he likes the analogy between crows and lawyers in A Murder of Crows. Some compromising photographs from the murders have been planted in the Kitchen cupboard. Thurman laughs out loud when the story breaks the news, which a half-naked woman (Gaelle Comparat) is playing with a toy train. Janine is angry, because the media (Renée Estévez) puts pressure on her and her company inquiring whether she knew about the book murders being real. She is more than satisfied in private, though, as she comments with her attractive attorney (Glendon Rich) that the book would be the best sale. Meanwhile, Lawson is at large, escaping by train. A county clerk (Anastasia Roussel-Drake) checks the deaths of Marlowe, and the existence of a Detective Goethe. It's only then when Russell realises that both are writer-based aliases when she mentions the German writer. He reads Christopher Marlow's Faust, a man who sells his soul to the devil, and both writers did masterpieces on the topic. He returns home to pick up a gun. Two police officers (Eric James and Jim Hanna) see him, but he goes to the clerk office of courts. He steals a subpoena and gives it to Evans, Marlowe's landlady. He paid in cash and left after a week. He produces the subpoena to see all the March phone registers. Evans says that Marlowe always used the phone booth in the corner. Two cooperative and flirting phone company supervisors - one male, one female - cooperate with Lawson. Russell has to run away from several police cars, but they (Julie Letche) lose him. Dubose and Richardson complain that the FBI is taking over the case and neither of them want to speak to reporters. Dubose thinks that Lawson wants to commit suicide, and that's why he hasn't left the contry. Lawson goes to Baton Rouge. All calls were local, except one to Althea Delroy (Deneen Taylor), who lives in Jackson Street at the Garden District. Thurman Parks used to live there as well, but he didn't have Althea's number. Thurman and Janine are hooking up and slapping each other. Pope learns that Althea Delroy was a single mother who was a housekeeper and who owed 59,000 dollars of her condo. She leaves the info on a table - from where it disappears. Lawson follows Althea, who was Prof. Arthur Corvus (Mark Pellegrino)'s housekeeper. Lawson recognises him immediately. Corvus is analyzing and discussing Hamlet with students Laura (Marisa Petroro-Parker) and James (Nate Adams). At the Corvus' house, he sees photographs of the wife and little child. The child's room smelled of humidity, so he guessed she must have been at boarding school. At Corvus' laptop, he finds nothing, but then he searches everything, and finds Marlowe's pocket watch. Corvus is a professor of scriptwriting, acting, literature, and he was the Marlowe, Goethe and the book-sign guy. Althea looks startled at the escaping Russell. Corvus arrives home and worries if something happened to Althea. She's speaking to the police, and has recognised Lawson Russell. Corvus pretends not to know who he is straight away. He speaks to Dubose. When Dubose asks about Corvus' family, he doesn't reply, because the FBI arrive and Dubose is not too happy about it. Dubose thinks that there's no relation between Corvus and Russell, and that he was looking for a place to hide away. Jeffrey Lowell was the first murder victim. He had defended a banker who had hit-and-run a lady and her daughter. They were Jean and Trudy Corvus. Lowell got a release on a technicality, as the arresting officer hadn't read the banker his rights. Somebody recognises Russell and he has to run away. Meanwhile, Corvus is loading up a gun. He makes Lawson sit down while threatening him with the gun. They have a conversation at gunpoint and they tell everything. When Corvus is about to shoot Russell, Dubose appears. Dubose asks for back up, but Corvus kills him. Corvus wants to put the blame on Russell. Both fight. Lawson points the gun which killed Dubose to Corvus, leaving his fingerprints on it. Realising there's no way out, Russell kills Corvus. Cut to the prison. Elizabeth visits him. They hold hands. Lawson is a millionaire - the sale numbers for his book went to the roof. Banning judged Russell's case, so the best criminal attorney saved Lawson. As a free man, he moves to a summer destination. He says that the rich and powerful can always trod on the weak and meed, but that all everyone can hope for is a little justice once in a while. -- written by KrystelClaire
tt0138467
Comedy,Drama,Music
Andrea Marr (Dominique Swain) is a bright, straight-A, 18-year-old high school senior living a sheltered life in rural Washington state. Being an only child of two older parents both in their 60s, her father and mother (James Karen and Rosemary Forsyth) pamper her every chance they get. Even though Mr. and Mrs. Marr are good-natured and treat Andrea very well, she longs for something more with people her own age. Andrea has two close friends, the bookish Darcy (Selma Blair) and the rebellious, aspiring rock star Cybil (Tara Reid). Andrea is insecure and confused at her budding sexuality as well as both of her parents, including her mother, unwilling to talk about the topic of sex. In pursuit of becoming "women", Andrea and Darcy attend a college frat party in attempts to lose their virginity. Both are unsuccessful, and Andrea ends up passing out and waking up with a frat boy masturbating on top of her. Upon learning of her acceptance to Brown University, Andrea finds she hasn't had many life experiences. So she ventures into the local rock scene with classmate and groupie Rebecca (Summer Phoenix), to watch Cybil and her band, which is made up of two other classmates Richard (Christopher Masterson) and Greg (David Moscow). There she meets local rock singer Todd Sparrow (Sean Patrick Flanery) and becomes enamored with him. Andrea loses her virginity to a guy named Kevin (Channon Roe) whom she also met at the show, but found the experience disappointing. Later, Andrea finds Todd at a record store and accompanies him back to his older sister Carla's (Portia De Rossi) apartment where they have sex. After, Todd leaves abruptly to go to band practice, leaving Andrea upset, but also obsessed with him. Andrea begins to neglect her friends, particularly Darcy, who is suffering from an eating disorder, in her pursuit of Todd. In the meantime, Cybil reveals to Andrea that she's dropping out of High School because she got a record deal to become a full time rock singer and composer. However, the record deal was only offered to her and not to Richard and Greg. Richard is upset, but ultimately accepting of it, whereas Gregg becomes severely depressed. Cybil and her new band open for Todd's band and Andrea goes to the show. At the show, Andrea and Todd reunite and Andrea becomes Todd's groupie, and they get together often to have sex. Todd eventually breaks things off to go on tour, leaving Andrea heartbroken. Graduation comes along, and Andrea is very somber. Unbeknownst to her, Todd came to the ceremony and watches her from the parking lot before driving off. Andrea finds a crying Richard at graduation and learns that Greg committed suicide. Andrea goes to the class graduation party with Rebecca. At the party, Rebecca soon leaves claiming that "this party blows". Andrea goes upstairs and finds Darcy making herself throw up in the bathroom. Andrea apologizes to Darcy about neglecting her and makes her promise to seek treatment for her eating disorder which Darcy agrees to. Darcy reveals that she was very jealous of Andrea because she appeared to have everything. Andrea helps Darcy clean up. When they leave the bathroom, Andrea and Darcy get accosted by a classmate who often used to bully Richard and Greg. Richard intervenes, and reveals his longtime crush on Darcy, and asks her to dance, which Darcy agrees. Andrea watches Darcy and Richard dance, then gets approached by Cybil, who showed up to the party. Outside, Cybil expresses regret and sadness over Greg's suicide and says that she feels responsible. Andrea consoles her, and Cybil reveals her feelings for Andrea by kissing her on the lips (revealing that Cybil is a lesbian). Andrea is surprised, and even though she doesn't reciprocate those feelings, she allows Cybil to kiss her anyway. Andrea leaves the party alone. After the party, Andrea walks around for a while thinking about everything that's happened, and encounters Todd. They go back to his apartment to talk, and Todd opens up to Andrea. He apologizes for treating her so badly and tells her that he can't go on tour without her and that he needs her. Andrea reveals to him that she's going to Brown in the fall and Todd is surprised at how smart she actually is. They attempt to have sex, but they can't because Todd is unable to get an erection. Andrea leaves, breaking things off with Todd for good. In the final scene, Andrea says goodbye to her parents and leaves for college, declaring herself a woman, and hopeful for her future.
tt0095484
Fantasy,Horror,Mystery
The film begins with a successful horror author returning to his hometown of Willowpoint Falls. Stopping at a cemetery to visit a pair of gravestones, he begins to tell his driver their story. On Halloween 1962, 9-year-old Franklin "Frankie" Scarlatti (Lukas Haas) tells a scary story to his classmates. Afterwards, two of school jokesters Donald (Jared Rushton) and Louie (Gregory Levinson) take Frankie's hat and toss it on a shelf in the cloak room. They let Frankie know where it is and then lock him in in the cloak room as he tries to get it back. At nightfall, Frankie is still locked in the cloak room and sees the ghost of a little girl re-enact her death. Afterwards, a darkened figure enters the cloak room and begins to unscrew the metal vent unaware that Frankie is still hiding in the room. A rat startles Frankie which alerts the stranger to his presence. The stranger attacks Frankie and he loses consciousness taking him into a dreamlike state where he speaks to the ghost girl. Frankie is revived by his father giving him CPR and rushed to the hospital. Police find and arrest the black school janitor Harold Williams who was found drunk in the basement. Frankie is soon released from the hospital and enjoys a comfortable recovery with his family. His brother Geno, brings a newspaper home which proclaims Frankie to be a star. Geno is reprimanded for making an inappropriate remark and the newspaper is thrown away. Secretly, Frankie finds the newspaper and reads the story regarding his attack which coincidentally links him to an on-going 10 year investigation into the deaths of 11 other children at the hands of a serial killer. Within the same article, he learns the name of the ghost - Melissa Ann Montgomery (Joelle Jacobi). Soon, Frankie sees the ghost of Melissa frequently and he befriends her. Her only request is that he help her find her mother. When he returns to school, Frankie finishes removing the grate cover on the airvent in the cloakroom and removes an odd assortment of children's objects. He singles out two things, a hairclip - which he assumes to belongs to Melissa as he saw something hard and shiny fly off her hair and drop into the grate during her struggle - and an old high school class ring. Frankie cannot figure out the significance of anything he found in the grate. A few more weeks pass and the seasons change. One day, Frankie overhears a conversation between his father and the chief of police. The chief readily admits that Mr. Williams is probably a scapegoat for the murders. The chief also explains that blood found within the cloakroom links that location to the murder of Melissa Montgomery - a fact not released to the press. In a flash, Frankie figures out that the killer came back for his class ring which he dropped into the airvent the night he killed Melissa. Unbeknownst to Frankie, the ring has fallen out of his pocket in his bedroom several days earlier (and picked up by Geno). Frankie relays his theories to family friend Phil. Several days later, Frankie is lured out to the cliffs by Donald and Louie and encounters a lady in white clothing inside an old abandoned cottage. All three kids run out of the house scared but Frankie realizes that she may be Melissa's mother and tries to explain the situation to Geno (who has come looking for him due to the late hour). Geno does not believe him but now understands the origin of the ring he found. Although he does not tell Frankie that he found the ring. Melissa's ghost haunts Frankie in a non-threatening way. She appears one night and even Geno sees her. Suddenly, both boys follow her as she re-creates her death scene at 10pm (it is implied that this happens every night). They are late arriving at the school and by the time they get to the front door, her ghost is seen being carried down the stairs (presumably dead) and back out of the school. This time, Frankie follows her but Geno is incapacitated by a thorn in the foot and cannot give chase. Alone, Frankie follows the body (that is being carried by an unseen person) out to the cliffs. There, Frankie sees that at the last minute, Melissa regains consciousness, screams and is thrown over the cliffs alive. Afterwards, Melissa's mother runs out of the old white cottage calling for her daughter. She sees Melissa's body at the foot of the cliffs and then throws herself over the edge. Geno finally catches up with a very startled Frankie and they both go home. Harold Williams, the black school janitor, who got drunk while watching a ballgame in the school basement on the night of Frankie's assault, is accused of the attempted murder of Frankie and the murder of Melissa and ten other children. This sets off instances of outrage in the community but Angelo Scarlatti (Alex Rocco), Frankie's father, believes Williams' claim of innocence upon failure to link the janitor to Frankie's assault and the fact that Williams is also a father. Williams is later freed when a grand jury decides against going to trial due to insufficient evidence, but he is then murdered by the mother of one of the victims (who believes him to be guilty). Meanwhile, Geno continues to investigate the ring that Frankie found in the vent. His father has an old trunk full of old sentimental objects and he notices that his father owns an identical class ring from the same school year. He realizes that the killer may be in the same graduating class as his father. Geno compares the initials on the old ring with his father's yearbook, and discovers that the murderer is family friend Phil. He frantically runs to tell his father and the police chief. Frankie, who is with Phil at that time, figures out the truth when Phil is whistling "Did You Ever See a Dream Walking" (Melissa's song) and unwittingly tips off Phil. Phil attempts to attack Frankie, but he escapes and runs to the cliffs. Phil chases him and admits to being the killer, but claims he had no idea he was attacking Frankie on Halloween. He explains that he wouldn't have done it had Frankie not been wearing his Halloween mask as he cares about him a great deal. Phil attacks Frankie by strangling him and demands the whereabouts/return of the ring. Suddenly he's struck from behind by an unseen person and both Frankie and Phil collapse. Frankie then awakens in the well-preserved bedroom (presumably the old cottage) which had been Melissa's, under the care of the woman who saved him, Amanda Harper (Katherine Helmond). She reveals that she is Melissa's aunt and has been despondent over the loss of her sister and niece. She also tells Frankie that she set fire to her own house in an attempt to take her own life in order to be reunited with her family, but was rescued from the blaze and subsequently branded the town crazy. Before she can finish her explanations, Phil sneaks into the cottage, attacks, and murders Harper. Several candles are knocked over during the struggle and a large housefire begins. Phil rescues Frankie from the burning cottage but only to try and throw Frankie off the cliff. Frankie puts up a great struggle and in the end is saved by the ghost of Melissa's mother (the true Lady in White) who scares Phil over the edge of the cliff. Having brought the ghost of Melissa with him, Frankie watches as she and the Lady in White reunite and ascend into the sky. Frankie attempts to crawl away from the cliff edge but is grabbed around the ankle by a struggling Phil (who's holding onto a lone tree branch). Frankie's father Angelo, Geno, the police, and hunters with scent-tracking dogs arrive. Angelo frees Frankie and tries to save Phil, but at the last minute Phil lets go and falls to his death. With Phil dead, the movie ends with the group watching as the cottage burns down while the snow begins to fall.
tt0089274
Horror,Thriller
The film begins with Bobby Carter and his psychiatrist discussing the events of the first film, which took place eight years ago. Bobby is still traumatized by the events, but he and Rachel (formerly known as Ruby) who now owns a biker team and have also invented a super fuel that can power bikes. The team is due to race in the same desert where the original massacre took place and Bobby's psychiatrist tries to convince him to go, but he declines and Rachel takes his place. The team, consisting of the blind Cass, her boyfriend Roy, Harry, Hulk, Foster, Jane and Sue, meets up at a bus and sets off. Along the way, they pick up Beast from a dog pound, the dog was previously owned by the Carters, who now belongs to Rachel. While going through the desert, they get lost and Harry suggests a shortcut through the bombing range. As they drive, the bus begins leaking fuel and they stop at an old mining ranch. As they explore the mine, Pluto, who has apparently survived the earlier attack from Beast, attacks Rachel. She fights him off and he retreats. No one believes her at first, until Pluto returns and steals one of their bikes. Roy and Harry chases him down, but Harry falls behind, gets caught in a trap and is flattened by a massive rock. Roy catches Pluto but is ambushed by a 7-foot cannibal called the Reaper who knocks him unconscious. The Reaper is later revealed to be Papa Jupiter's older brother. Meanwhile, the rest of the group stays at the mine until nightfall. They begin to worry about Roy and Harry. Rachel and Hulk depart to look for them while the others stay behind. The Reaper then begins to stalk the remaining teens. As Hulk and Rachel tries to escape on the motorcycle, he shoots Hulk through the chest with a spear bolt as he dies, leaving Rachel to run away in fear. The Reaper then returns to the mine, where he pulls Foster under the bus and kills him with a hatchet. Jane finds Foster's body but the Reaper catches her and crushes her in a bearhug. Sue returns to the camp only to be thrown through a window by the Reaper and slits her throat with a machete. Rachel runs into Pluto where the two wrestles for a moment. Pluto pins her to the ground but Beast surprises him and chases him away. She stops running to get a look around the area until she hears Reaper's voice whispers out to her, "Ruby, I want you." and a snap is heard from somewhere in the dark. Rachel turns around to see what's coming at her. Helpless, she sees it's Hulk's corpse tied up as it pushes against her. Rachel falls to the ground head hit on a rock caused minor bleeding as she moans into unconsciousness as Reaper laughs at her from the bushes. Rachel is knocked out for the night and leaving only Cass. Meanwhile, Roy wakes up and runs into Pluto at the top of a cliff. Pluto gets ready to attack Roy, but Beast returns and knocks him off the cliff to his death. Cass runs from the Reaper and ends up in his mine shaft where he dumped the bodies, and comes across the corpses of all her friends. She threw a jar of acid at his face and escapes up a rope with help from Roy. The Reaper follows them but they trap him in the bus where all the bike fuel is. They set it on fire and watched as it blows up. The Reaper escapes from the wreckage covered in flames and tries one more time to kill them, but he stumbles into an open mine shaft, leading to his death. The film ends with Roy, Cass and the dog Beast walking away from the mine at sunrise, into the vast desert as they follow the road home.
tt0210584
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Sean Odkin loves to dance much to his fathers distain. When the woman he loves cannot return his love Sean goes in search of the only thing that can make him whole again and that is dancing. But the mill his father is working at is going to shut which will kill the towns economy. Sean then gets together with his childhood friends as well as his brother and put on one of the most incredible shows ever. Tap at its finest.
tt0116378
Crime,Drama
Director Abel Ferrara puts his finger on the pulse of the world of sin. The Funeral is a dark portrait of a family "not broken enough to believe in God". The film opens in a movietheatre where Johnny Tempio (Vincent Gallo) is watching Humphrey Bogart talking about death. After the titles we find ourselves at the home of the Tempio family where a coffin is brought into the house. When the coffin is opened we see Johnny; he's dead. His oldest brother Ray (Christopher Walken) seems to be the head of the family. He's a gangster. Behind his ice cold gaze lives the hunger for revenge and strategic 'gangster-justice'. When Johnny's other brother Chez (Chris Penn) enters the house the mood seems to change from silence into rage and fear, for Chez is a man on the edge of insanity. Madness, rooted in pain and fed by anger. The movie progresses into a parallel structure where we follow the three brothers through flashbacks up against the present where the two remaining brothers are dealing with their loss. The movie is a depiction of gangster life, without the traditional glamour and romanticism. The more mainstream enjoyment and stylistic elements of the famous gangster films are dismissed and replaced by pain, suffering and hopelessness. The Funeral is a bleak but powerful film about the fate of sin. A film about a place in the world where redemption is far gone. As opposed to most of Ferrara's films The Funeral finds no salvation for the lead character(s). Chez, the insane man turns out to be the man that does the only sane thing. End this life of evil and immorality by the only means possible in his way of thinking.
tt0120402
Drama
Ulee Jackson (Peter Fonda) is a widowed Florida beekeeper whose son Jimmy (Tom Wood) is in prison following a botched robbery. Jimmy's wife Helen (Christine Dunford) has abandoned their two daughters and is living somewhere in Orlando. Ulee's stubborn independence prevents him from asking for help, and as the movie begins he has his hands full running his business and acting as surrogate parent to his granddaughters Casey and Penny. Casey (Jessica Biel) is a rebellious teenager and Penny (Vanessa Zima) is a timid 10-year-old who seems confused by her parents' absence and the tension at home. When Ulee visits Jimmy in prison, Jimmy tells him that Helen has turned up at the Orlando home of two low-lifes named Ferris and Eddie. They were Jimmy's accomplices in the bank robbery, but were never caught. Now they say Helen is sick, and Jimmy asks Ulee to bring her home. Ulee goes to Orlando to pick up Helen, but it turns out what Ferris and Eddie really want is the bank money that Jimmy hid after the robbery. Ulee agrees to ask Jimmy about it, and then takes Helen home. Helen's "illness" is actually drug addiction, and while she is almost comatose on the way home, she becomes violent and belligerent as she wakes up near the house. Ulee's tenant and neighbor, a divorced nurse named Connie Hope (Patricia Richardson), is brought into the home by a frightened Penny, and over the next few days she helps Helen through her drug withdrawal. Meanwhile Ulee learns that Jimmy hid the bank money in one of his beeyards. He tells Ferris and Eddie he'll bring the money to Orlando in a few days, but they decide they can't wait and take Helen and the girls hostage in Ulee's home. They then force Ulee at gunpoint to take them to the beeyard, where he shows them the hiding place. As they are recovering the money, Ulee kicks the gun into the swamp. The angry men ride with Ulee back into town, then stab him in the parking lot when they arrive. As Ulee lies bleeding on the ground, Ferris and Eddie drive off but are pulled over almost immediately by the sheriff (who was probably tipped off by Connie). The movie ends with a newly hopeful Jackson household. Helen has stepped back into her role as a mother, and Jimmy expects to be paroled soon. Ulee is happy to return to his bees, but has mixed feelings about giving up some of his responsibilities. ("I feel like an old drone. They don't need me now.") As he recovers from his knife wound he begins work on expanding his business to accommodate Jimmy's eventual return, and seems to finally be taking a romantic interest in Connie.
tt0109578
Action,Crime,Drama
Back In New York City, Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) is in the federal Witness Protection Program using the name Paul Stuart, teaching architecture at a local college. Kersey is invited to a fashion show given by his girlfriend, Olivia Regent (Lesley-Anne Down), who was formerly married to mobster Tommy O'Shea (Michael Parks), and with whom he had a daughter Chelsea (Erica Lancaster). Backstage during the fashion show, O'Shea threatens Regent, insisting that he wants to see his daughter even though the courts removed his visitation rights. O'Shea and his goons are using the garment factory to launder dirty money, and demand that Albert, the factory manager, increase the amount of cash they launder. Kersey sees the bruises on Regent's wrist and learns O'Shea is downstairs. O'Shea meanwhile threatens Albert and insists he has to pass more cash. Albert resists, saying that it will create trouble, and O'Shea wounds Albert with a fabric knife. Reggie intervenes and is wounded as well. Reggie decides he has enough of O'Shea's abuse and takes Albert to the hospital. Tommy threatens Regent , and Kersey enters the factory floor. Kersey confronts O'Shea, but his goombah Tommy threatens Kersey and points a gun in his face. The daughter Chelsea appears and O'Shea leaves. Chelsea shows her mother the blood on the fabric knife. NYPD officers Tony Hoyle (Saul Rubinek) and Hector Vasquez (Miguel Sandoval) visit Kersey at his home. Kersey tells them about Tommy O'Shea and Hoyle reveals that they've been trying to nab Tommy for years. He asks if Regent is willing to testify. Kersey will talk it over with her. That night at a restaurant, Kersey proposes to Regent, and she accepts. Regent excuses herself to go to the ladies' room after spotting Tommy. An associate of Tommy's, named Freddie Flakes (Robert Joy) enters the bathroom in drag and ties her up tightly, and tapes her mouth shut. While mocking her and lecturing her about her possible testimony, he bashes her head in a mirror, permanently disfiguring her face. Flakes leaves, passing Kersey as goes to check on Regent. Kersey goes to the hospital, where he is told by a nurse that Regent will need to have reconstructive surgery. He then talks with Lt. Mickey King (Kenneth Welsh), who admits that they've been working on the O'Shea case for 16 years. Kersey is angered by this, but King wants Kersey not to pick up his old vigilante habits and let the police handle it for once. As this is going on, Tommy breaks into the factory and demands from Reggie information on who he talked to. He threatens him by burning his hand and face, before killing him. Lt. King and female officer Janice Omori (Lisa Inoue) set Albert up as an informant, but Sal sees through his act and runs Flakes down with the car, smashing through the window of a restaurant. Flakes then runs over Omori with the car, killing her. Kersey sees Omori die, but Flakes drives away before Kersey can do anything. The next day, Kersey takes Regent back to his apartment and informs Hoyle by phone that Regent will not testify. He then goes over to Hoyle's house at night and says that she will: Kersey couldn't tell Hoyle over the phone because someone else was listening in. Hoyle informs Vasquez, and they send a cop over. The cop comes over and Kersey answers it. Kersey stops and hesitates at letting him in, recognizing the cop as being Flakes. Kersey informs Olivia to use the fire escape to make her quick getaway, as Flakes and two other men break in and start shooting the place. Flakes follows Regent up to the fire escape, and shoots her in the back. Kersey escapes by jumping off the ledge, and falling into a pile of trash bags. Franke, Chicki (Kevin Lund) and Sal (Chuck Shamata) move in for the kill, but sounds of police sirens interrupt their plans. The following week, Kersey and Chelsea both mourn Regent 's death and watch TV to see that Tommy has been cleared of his involvement in his ex-wife's death. NYPD officer Tony arrives to offer his apologies to Paul, but Kersey orders him and the team sent to protect Kersey off his property. A short time later, Vazquez arrives with Tommy and handing him a court order: since Kersey wasn't legally married, Tommy has claim over his daughter. Kersey fights but gets knocked unconscious. Kersey now becomes a vigilante, and gets his gun ready. Kersey follows Chicki to an Italian restaurant where he orders cannoli. While Chicki is in the restroom, Kersey laces it with cyanide. Chicki finishes one cannoli, but dies shortly after starting the second one, and as he is choking, Kersey pushes his face into the plate. Vasquez reveals to O'Shea that Chicki was killed by Paul. (Revealing two things at the same time: that Vasquez is dirty and O'Shea thought Kersey was his alias Stuart all along). Paul's next target is Flakes who is in the bedroom with his big breasted girlfriend, whom he manages to take out in his fortress-like home and blows him up with a rigged electronic soccer ball. Kersey then calls Hoyle and arranges to meet with him privately. As Hoyle hangs up, he hears another conversation (which signals to him Kersey was right regarding an earlier conversation). Kersey waits at Regent 's house, holding one of Chelsea's dolls until Vasquez comes and points a pistol at Kersey. Without hesitation, Kersey shoots Vasquez. Hoyle arrives and sees Vasquez dead, and finally understands how far deep this goes and Kersey's vendetta mission. Hoyle is in cahoots with Tommy, but finally lets Kersey handle it his way. "I was never here" he tells Kersey as he leaves. As a funeral procession for Flakes takes place at a local church attended by local mobsters, a young boy enters and gives O'Shea a receipt. Back at his headquarters, O'Shea's associates open the crate and it is revealed to contain the dead cop (Vasquez). Tommy talks to Sal back at his house, and the two resolve to take a final stand again Kersey by using Chelsea as bait. Sal grabs Chelsea and Kersey follows Sal, just as Tommy predicted. Back at his house, Tommy hires three more men, Frankie (Scott Spidell), Mickey (Tim MacMenamin), and Angel (Sandro Limotta) to take care of Paul. Kersey arrives at the factory and using his survival instincts, tricks the three into shooting up a dummy in a forklift with the presumption that it's him. Kersey appears and kills Frankie and Mickey and wounds Angel in the leg. Angel is led by Kersey to the plastic machine. Kersey turns it on to wrap him in plastic. Angel reveals Chelsea's location, and is hooked up on the movable rack by Paul. He then radios O'Shea using Frankie's channel, announcing that he is coming for him. Chelsea hears this and easily escapes Tommy's grasp. O'Shea orders Sal to find and kill Kersey. He comes across Angel and mistaking him for Kersey, shoots him. Sal turns off the machine and continues to search. Kersey appears and knocks Sal into a grinder in the next room. The police soon arrive as Chelsea escapes the factory building. Inside, Kersey manages to find Tommy and beats him. Lt. King arrives and is quickly wounded by Tommy. Kersey manages to defeat Tommy by knocking him in a pool of acid, and leaves him to die. The final scene shows Kersey making sure King is okay before he leaves, calling out "Hey Lieutenant, if you need any help, give me a call" before reuniting with Chelsea.
tt0092226
Comedy,Crime
In Newark, New Jersey, Italian American Harry Valentini (Danny DeVito) and his Jewish friend and next-door neighbor Moe Dickstein (Joe Piscopo) occupy the bottom rung of Newark Mafia boss Anthony Castelo's (Dan Hedaya) gang. The both make a living by doing Castelo's lowest jobs (such as picking up his dry cleaning, looking after his goldfish, testing out bullet-proof jackets, or checking the boss's car for bombs) the two men dream of opening the world's first Jewish-Italian delicatessen. However, they get little to no respect from their boss or his subordinates, who frequently ridicule them. One day, Harry and Moe accompany Frank "The Fixer" Acavano (Lou Albano), one of Castelo's top men and a violent, heavyset psychopath, to Meadowlands Racetrack to place a bet on Castelo's behalf. Harry convinces Moe to change bets on horses at the last minute because his boss usually bets on the wrong one. However, this time Castelo had fixed the race, meaning that Harry and Moe now owe their boss thousands. After a night of torture (Harry is dunked into a lobster tank and Moe is hung over a pit of vicious dogs), both are forced to agree to kill each other. Unaware that each has made a deal and frightened following the murder of Harry's cousin Marco (Ray Sharkey), who warns them about the hit on each other and that they steal Acavano's Cadillac and travel to Atlantic City to see Harry's uncle Mike, a retired mobster who started Castelo in the crime business. After using Acavano's credit cards to pay for a luxury stay in a hotel owned by their old friend Bobby DiLea (Harvey Keitel), the two go to Uncle Mike's house to ask for help. They find only Uncle Mike's ashes, leading to Moe leaving in disgust. Grandma Valentini, however, is able to give Harry the money he owes. Harry tries to get DiLea to sort things out with Castelo. As he and Moe leave the hotel, their limo is being driven by Acavano, after DiLea appears to double-cross the two. Harry luckily spies Castelo's hitmen and decides to stay behind and gamble the money. After a chase through the hotel casino, Moe catches up to Harry and accidentally shoots him. Harry is pronounced dead and Moe flees the scene. Back in Newark, Moe hides out of sight at Harry's funeral. He is spotted by the huge Acavano (who is eating a sandwich during the burial service) and Castelo resolves to kill Moe after the service. Moe returns to his house and prepares to hang himself. Before doing so, sees a vision of Harry at the foot of the stairs. He quickly realizes that it is actually Harry, who arranged the whole thing with DiLea. Moe is thrilled, although he is so shocked that he is almost hanged anyway until Harry intervenes. Harry provides a skeleton for Moe and they write a suicide note before turning on the gas and setting fire to the curtains. As the two leave Moe's house, however, the door slams shut and puts the fire out. Castelo and his men enter to find a bizarre scene. Castelo takes out a cigarette, prompting his stooges to routinely spark their lighters for him. Acavano asks "Who farted?", prompting Castelo to realize the house is filled with gas just before the house explodes, with the crew inside it. Harry and Moe return to Atlantic City, where Moe bemoans the fact that they didn't keep the money. Harry informs him that he did save the money, but has invested it. Moe seems perturbed. The final scene shows Harry and Moe with their dream realized as the two stand in their new Jewish-Italian delicatessen.
tt0091142
Horror
Through her half-sister Claire Clairmont [Miriam Cyr], Mary Godwin [Natasha Richardson] and her future husband Percy Shelley [Julian Sands] came to know Lord Byron [Gabriel Byrne]. During the summer of 1816, Lord Byron invited them to stay for a while at his Villa Diodati in Switzerland. There they met Byron's physician friend Dr John Polidori [Timothy Spall]. On June 16th, while a storm raged outside, the five of them amused themselves by telling ghost stories and revealing private skeletons. From Mary's previous experience of miscarriage came the desire to raise her child from the dead which led to the creation of the Frankenstein monster. From Polidori's homosexuality, suicidal thoughts, and fascination with vampires came the story "The Vampyre".
tt0086589
Drama,Thriller
A hitchhiking teenage runaway, Sheila (Jennifer Clay), is picked up on Interstate 605 in the Greater Los Angeles Area by a woman with a toddler. When the car gets a flat tire, they find a telephone booth on the edge of an abandoned tract housing district. While the mother is on the phone, the toddler is attacked and killed by a stray dog. Another teenage runaway, Evan Johnson (Bill Coyne), leaves his suburban home and his bitter and divorced alcoholic mother, ending up at a punk rock concert. Concertgoer D.I. Keef (Grant Miner) slips drugs into Evan's drink, and the concert ends abruptly when a female attendee has her clothes torn off by the punks in the audience. Jack Diddley (Chris Pedersen) offers Evan a place to stay at "T.R. House", a punk house in the abandoned tract housing district off Interstate 605. Along the way, they pick up Joe Schmo (Wade Walston), who also intends to move into the house. Joe changes his mind when he learns each resident must be branded with the letters T.R., for "The Rejected", but winds up coming back and accepting the brand after discovering his father is homosexual and his lover has moved in. Joe begins to form a romantic relationship with Sheila, who has also moved into the house. The next morning, several men from "Citizens Against Crime", including Jim Tripplett (Lee Frederick) and Bob Skokes (Jeff Prettyman), drive through the neighborhood shooting at the packs of wild dogs that roam the area in retrubution for the fatal attack on the one-year-old toddler in the opening scene. T.R. kids Razzle (Flea) and Skinner (Timothy O'Brien) confront them, but the situation is defused by Jack's African-American stepfather, police officer Bill Rennard (Donald Allen). Jack, Evan, and Skinner steal food for the house by raiding the garages of a nearby suburban neighborhood, and make further enemies of Jim and Bob by disrupting their garage sale. When Evan sees on the news that his mother has been arrested for drunk driving, he collects his younger brother Ethan (Andrew Pece) from a nearby foster home and brings him to live at T.R. House, where Sheila gives him a mohawk. While Evan and Ethan bond in their new living arnagements, Sheila privately admits to Joe that she was physically and sexually abused by her father. During a T.S.O.L. concert, the T.R. gang get into a fight defending Skinner. The men they were fighting with enter the concert and stab a security guard, framing the T.R. kids for the crime by using the knife to hang a flier with "T.R." written in blood. Jim and Bob next witness the T.R. crew vandalizing a convenience store. The next morning, at a meeting of the Citizens Against Crime, they accuse Bill and the rest of the police of not doing enough to curb the teenagers' criminal behavior, declaring their willingness to take the law into their own hands. Bill goes to T.R. House and implores the teens to stay out of trouble. That night, Jim and Bob invade the house and threaten the teens, assaulting Sheila in the process. The next morning, the kids find that Sheila has killed herself by overdosing on Keef's drugs. Not knowing what to do, they bring her body back to her parents. When the T.R. kids come to the funeral, Sheila's father (J. Dinan Myrtetus) insists that they leave. Joe reveals his knowledge of Sheila's abuse, and a fight breaks out, hospitalizing Sheila's father. At a Vandals concert that night, Bill shows up and warns the T.R. kids to clear out of T.R. house immediately, before their actions bring the Citizens Against Crime down on their heads, but they decide to stay. Learning of the violence at the funeral, Jim and Bob show up at the house and are attacked by the teens, who drive them off. They bring their car back around for another pass, accidentally running over and killing Ethan. Bill arrives with the police, but is too late to prevent the tragedy as the devastated Evan holds his dead little brother.
tt0082122
Crime,Drama
At the Arizona-Nevada border in 1937, a seventeen-year-old girl hitches a ride with a truck driver going toward the town of Good Springs. She seduces him, and he pulls the truck over to the side of the road. When the truck stops, she grabs her suitcase and runs over the hill toward a small shack belonging to a rugged-looking man named Jess Tyler. The girl questions him about his marriage to Belle Morgan, with whom he had two children before Belle left to be with her lover, Moke Blue. The girl reveals that she is Kady, one of Jess's daughters. Over dinner, Kady explains that she and her sister, Janey, grew up in a boarding house for miners, and that Belle has fallen ill. Kady also has a one-month-old son named Danny. Although Jess initially refuses to let Kady stay with him, her tears change his mind. As he readies for bed, he becomes distracted watching Kady's silhouette undressing behind a screen. The next morning, Jess finds Kady inspecting the abandoned silver mine that sits on the hill above the house. The owner, Mr. Gillespie, shut the mine down, but Kady thinks that there could be enough silver remaining to provide her and Jess with a better life. Jess accuses Kady of only chasing after money, but she admits that the father of her child is Mr. Gillespie's son, Wash, who refused to marry her because of her poor family history. Jess takes her to church, where they see Ed Lamey, a relative of Moke Blue who scavenges mines. When the preacher tells Kady that she must cleanse herself of sin, she takes offense and storms off down the road. The next morning, a man drops Kady off at Jess's shack. She tells her father that she spent the night at a girl friend's house, but refuses to give more details. She decides to leave, but he convinces her to stay by promising to search the mine for silver chips. As he kisses her brow to soothe her headache, she caresses his face, but he pulls away. Despite spending the entire next day in the mine, they do not find any silver. Later, while taking a bath, Jess gives Kady an intimate massage. She encourages his touch, but his conscience forces him to stop. The next day in the mine, Jess and Kady find $210 worth of silver ore. Their voices echo through the tunnels, and Ed Lamey overhears the news of their plunder. After Kady and Jess use the money to buy new clothes, they visit the local diner. When Kady tries to leave with two men, Jess becomes jealous and starts a fight. As a result, Jess and Kady are forced to pay twelve dollars in damages to Judge Rauch. Critical of Kady's hyper-sexual body language and appearance, the judge accuses her of being an unruly youth and scolds her father for not sending her to reform school. When Jess and Kady leave the courthouse, they return home to find that Janey and Kady's baby, Danny, have arrived. Janey announces that Wash has decided to marry Kady, and Jess notices a strange butterfly-shaped birthmark on Danny's abdomen. The next morning, when Wash arrives in his expensive convertible, Kady accepts his proposal. After asking Jess's permission and promising that Kady will be well provided for, Wash declares that they will marry in two days. That evening, Moke Blue and Ed Lamey bring Belle to visit, but she collapses in a coughing fit and has to be put to bed. On the porch, Moke Blue slyly suggests to Wash that Mr. Gillespie should put Jess in charge of the mine. When Moke Blue goes inside to tend to Belle, she attempts to stab him with a hat pin, but he throws her aside and kills her. At Belle's funeral, Ed Lamey's suspicious smile causes Jess to realize Ed knows something about the mine. Jess runs into the tunnel and discovers Moke Blue, shirtless, stealing chunks of silver ore. Jess spots a butterfly-shaped birthmark near Moke Blue's navel, which prompts him to believe that Moke Blue is Danny's real father. Disgusted to discover that Moke Blue had sex with Kady, Jess shoots him in the stomach. Before dying, Moke Blue explains that the birthmark only occurs in males, and reveals that Kady is also his daughter. Jess drags Moke Blue deeper into the mine and leaves his body covered in rubble. At the hotel where the Gillespies are lodging, Jess meets with Mr. Gillespie and his wife, Helen, to inform them that Danny is Moke Blue's son, not Wash's. Jess tells Wash it would be best for him to never see Kady again. As a result, Wash never arrives to retrieve Kady on the day of their wedding. The next morning, Jess and Kady kiss on the hillside, where they are seen by Ed Lamey. Once inside the mine, Jess and Kady make love and excavate more silver. The police arrive shortly afterward and arrest them on charges of incest. When Judge Rauch sentences Jess to ten years in prison, Jess claims that he raped Kady so that she can avoid facing a similar sentence. But Kady refuses to allow him to perjure himself and admits to the court that she had wanted to have sex with him. Jess reveals that Moke Blue is Kady's real father, prompting Ed Lamey to proclaim that he and Moke Blue were actually half brothers who shared a mother. After comparing baby Danny and Ed Lamey's birthmarks that prove their relation and disproves Kady and Jess's incest, the judge allows Jess and Kady to walk free. In the final scene, Kady leaves town with Wash because he can provide a good life for Danny, but she promises that Jess will always be her "daddy." But in the final shot, as Jess gets back into his truck and drives away to return to the mine, another truck with Ed Lamey driving it begins to follow him... implying that Lamey might seek revenge against Jess for his slander in the courtroom.
tt0083015
Comedy,Drama
The story is a satire of the film industry and Hollywood society. The main character, Felix Farmer (Richard Mulligan), is a phenomenally successful producer-director who has just made the first flop of his career, to the dismay of the studio and the loss of his own sanity. Felix attempts suicide several times: First, he attempts to die of carbon monoxide poisoning in his car, only to have it slip into gear and drive through the side of his garage, down a sand dune and ending up in the Pacific Ocean. Secondly, he turns on the gas in the kitchen oven, but is prevented from carrying out his intent by two house guests with other things on their mind. Thirdly, he attempts to hang himself from a rafter in an upstairs bedroom, only to fall through the floor, landing on a poisonous Hollywood gossip columnist named Polly Reed (Loretta Swift) standing in the living room below. Finally, he tries to shoot himself with a police officer's gun but is prevented from doing so by the ministrations of a sweet young thing in a pair of panties, and experiences a revelation of what was missing from his movie: Free Love! Thereafter he spends most of the time heavily sedated while his friends and hangers-on occupy his beach house. The occupation leads to a party which degenerates into an orgy. Newly energized, Felix resolves to save both the film and his reputation. With great difficulty he persuades the studio and his wife Sally Miles (Julie Andrews), a movie star with a goody-goody image, to allow him to revise the film into a soft-core pornographic musical in which she must appear topless. He liquidates most of his wealth to buy the existing footage and to bankroll further production. If he fails, both he and Sally will be impoverished, at least by Hollywood standards. At first the studio head David Blackman (Robert Vaughn) is keen to unload the film onto Felix and move on, but as it becomes apparent that it will be a success, they plot to regain control. Using California's community property laws, they get the distribution and final-cut rights by persuading Sally to sign them over. Felix then tries to get the movie negatives from a bank vault, armed with a water pistol, and is shot by police who think it is a real pistol. Felix's untimely and violent death creates yet another crisis, particularly for his cronies lawyer Tim Culley (William Holden), agent Ben Coogan (Robert Webber) and his personal doctor Dr. Finegarten (Robert Preston), who plan to give him a burial at sea. They kidnap his corpse from the funeral home, substituting the body of a well-known but underrated character (Paul Stewart) actor who died in the first scene of the movie, having a heart attack while jogging on the beach in front of Felix's home. Felix gets a Viking funeral, being sent out to sea in a burning dinghy, while the actor finally gets the Hollywood burial many thought he deserved.
tt0082677
Drama,Sci-Fi,Thriller
A young blonde model called Lisa Convey (Terri Welles) appears in a commercial for Ravish, (narrated by John Erwin's voice) a perfume who claims to fulfill women's deepest desires. The model goes to Dr. Larry Roberts (Albert Finney), a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon with very specific demands, in the range of millimeters. Dr. Roberts is puzzled, but accepts because his business partner, Dr Jim Belfield (Darryl Hickman) says that if Roberts doesn't do it, a less competent surgeon will do it. The surgery is successful, and we see all the process taken place. The model goes back to her life, and in company of his dog Teddy is undressing up for her boyfriend Bob to arrive to her luxury flat. Somebody insists in ringing the bell, and she opens it up because she thinks it's Bob, but she can't see anyone. She feels a bit dazzled and confused. She looks around the flat, and notices her dog Teddy barking to the air. There seems to be nobody around, but the front door closes by itself, and Teddy gets stuck in a wardrobe, apparently all by itself. She notices an attaché with a gun missing, so she looks around. There is the silhouette of a man behind the curtains, but she can't see him. She gets dizzy again, wraps herself around one of the curtains until she falls down from her balcony. Then, the man takes his gun, leaves what appears to be a pen and a small brown bottom and leaves. Cindy Fairmont (Susan Dey) goes to Dr. Robert's with the same ideas than the previous model. She wants to be perfect. She chews gum all the time until he tells her to stop. She hits on him, but he rejects her advances. She is always working in television commercials and requests cosmetic surgery to make changes so minor that they would be imperceptible to the naked eye. When these models start dying under mysterious circumstances, he discovers they are all linked to the same advertisement research firm. Lieutenant Masters (Dorian Harewood) interrogates Dr. Roberts in his office, who has just told Cindy that she's already perfect. Masters inquires about Susan Wilson and Lisa, both apparently have committed suicide, and Dr. Roberts thinks that sometimes pretty women think that being physically more perfect will solve all their problems, but after surgery they realize their lives are no better. Masters think that they may have fallen in love with their doctor, which Dr. Roberts denies. Masters gives Roberts his pen back, and notices that his jacket has the same brown bottoms as in Lisa's flat. The secretary, Ellen (Donna Kai Benz),cannot find four files of four models who had exactly the same type of surgery. Another model arrives distraught: she says that they are killing all models who are perfect. She thinks that there are more things to the commercials that what meets the eye. She panics when she thinks that a mustached man has is already after her. She runs away, leaving her handbag behind. In it, there is a list of numbers. Roberts calls Masters. When he runs to the model's apartment, is already too late. There is a flash of light, and she jumps off the balcony. Roberts checks it and finds she's dead. He notices a mustached man (Tim Rossovich) looking out from the balcony. He goes up, but he arrives to the apartment, the man isn't there. Masters doesn't believe Roberts' story, but has to let him go. Back in his car, Roberts checks the list again: Tina Cassidy (Kathryn Witt), Lisa, Susan (Jeana Tomasina Keough), Cindy. Several models are shooting for a Lingerie photo-shoot. Cindy is there, applying make-up, and Roberts claims to be a friend of Steve's (Paul Jasmin). Roberts asks Cindy to dine out with him, in a black-tie charity dinner, although it'd not be a date. First, Cindy says no, but she accepts when she knows that John Reston (James Coburn) is going to be there. Jennifer Long (Leigh Taylor-Young) greets them at the party, and tells them that Reston is going to see them soon. He directs a huge company that produces cosmetics, commercials, high-tech, and so on. They talk about Digital Matrix, who supposedly only deals with theoretical research. Jennifer tells John off, because he's told Roberts everything. John dismisses it, as Roberts - now talking to Candy (Ashley Cox) - cannot even begin to grasp the truth. Larry and Cindy cannot make love because she has to work the following morning, in Saturday. He takes her to work. Larry has to fall in the sand of the beach in a particular position. The director (Terry Kiser) and producer of the commercial (Barry Jenner) insists in repeating the scene again and again, because the producer assistant (Derrel Murray) says that the computer is not approving the parameters: it requires more energy, or more body twist, or the swimsuit to be tighter, etc... There is a lorry close to the shoot, and two technicians (Arthur Taxier & Richard Milholland) calculate the parameters as the cameras record it. The technicians get frustrated and decide to go to animation. Cindy is frustrated, because she can't match the instructions of the computer, matching its parameters. The produces decides to wrap it up at the beach and send Cindy to go to Digital Matrix to be scanned. The technicians close the door in Larry's face when they realize that he's looking at them. Larry offers to go with Cindy there. They drive past Masters, who's following Roberts. Jennifer offers a guide visit to Roberts. Looking at an advertisement, he only looks at the body of the model. The Digital Matrix research firm rates advertising models by using a scoring system that measures the combined visual impact of various physical attributes in television commercials. In an experiment to increase their scores, some models are sent to Dr Roberts to get cosmetic surgery in order to maximize their visual impact. After the surgeries are performed, though the models are now physically perfect, they still aren't as effective as desired, because if the models stand still, they get the perfect scores, but as soon as they start to move, their body positioning, facial gestures... decrease their scores. So the research firm decides to use a different approach. Each model is offered a contract to have their body scanned digitally to create 3D computer generated models and then animating them for use in commercials. The contract deals seem to be incredibly lucrative for the models: once their bodies are represented digitally, they get a paycheck for life, never having to work again since their digital model is used for all their future work in commercials. Cindy has to undress to be measured and digitized Roberts steals a pass card from the recording laboratory, but the scanner technician (Terrance E. McNally) doesn't realize it. He leaves with Cindy. Jennifer realizes that Larry has stolen that security card. Cindy feels suffocated because Larry doesn't lose her from sight. On the radio, news emerge about another model dying. Cindy realizes she's in danger. Cindy is angry, because Larry didn't tell her that she was in danger, and he can't protect her at all, because he doesn't have a gun. She goes to her parents' (Georgann Johnson & Richard Venture), who laugh in front of the television. She kisses them good night and is sad at them, because they keep on looking at the TV and don't pay attention to her at all. The mustached man approaches and nukes Dr Larry Roberts. He realizes that the beach is full, then almost empty. The books are in disarray and two hours have passed. Luckily, he had disguised the security card. Two other further slips of memory happen, once while opening the toilet hand-sink tap, which overflows, and another while opening up his refrigerator. That night, Cindy and Larry go to the laboratory with that security card, but it won't open one of the laboratory's door. They enter a warehouse. A robot box appears to empty the paper bins automatically. It takes Cindy and Larry inside the lab they want when they sit on it. A commercial is on. Cindy thinks that they are over-acting, but Larry says that they are computer-generated; Cindy gets hooked on the commercials anyway, until Larry wakes her up. During his investigation, Roberts discovers some advanced-technology devices the Digital Matrix corporation is using to hypnotize consumers into buying the products they advertise. He also discovers the L.O.O.K.E.R. (Light Ocular-Oriented Kinetic Emotive Responses) gun, a light pulse device that gives the illusion of invisibility by instantly mesmerizing its victims into losing all sense of time. While Larry explains everything to Cindy, the mustached man is there. With the gun, Larry thinks that Cindy has disappeared, and he feels punched by an invisible man. Cindy is frozen in time. Larry can see the mustached man's reflection. He puts on some special sunglasses that will make him impervious to the light gun. With that, he attacks the mustached man, and realizes how it all really works. Larry takes Cindy out of the laboratory, with all the alarms blaring out. Larry talks to John Reston, who is preparing another commercial. Cindy is left to rest. With the gun, Larry investigates further, but there is smoke and Cindy has been taken. They try to shoot him. Masters and his assistant (Anthony Charnota) investigate the shooting. The mustached man tries to kill Roberts while driving. He almost runs over some nuns. Finally, the mustached man fights him, and puts him and his car into a fountain. He wakes up to be surrounded by police officers and witnesses, all hypnotized. He enters a police car and tries to talk to them. The police officers are hypnotized as well, so they behave in a strange way. Larry does the same and disguises himself with one of the police uniforms. Renson is giving a press conference and a party. During his speech, Cindy is handcuffed with Jennifer backstage. John keeps on talking in spite of seeing Larry. The mustached man points his gun to Larry. Candy gives Larry the opportunity to run away without intending it. Larry gets into the sets of the commercials. Jennifer controls the diverse rooms and moves them around. One of the sets resembles the White House. Senator Robert Harrison (Michael Hawkins or Giansborough) is making a speech; but actually, it's not him, but a digital version of himself. His eyes shine with an electronic blue light - suggesting that he's hypnotizing his viewers. Ironically, he's making a speech about personal freedom and responsibility, pro-environment, anti-corruption. Then, without continuity, there is a break and a commercial of Cindy's digital image advertising a cleaning liquid. Everybody laughs. The mustached man shoots Jennifer, thinking she was Larry. Jennifer manages to get back to the lab, even though she's badly hurt. Cindy tries to get the key to her handcuffs, but Jennifer wakes up for a second and pushes her aside. Renson enters the set as well: too many people in an enclosed space. Meanwhile, the audience laughs at the commercial of an elderly couple (Joseph G. Medalis & Estelle Omens) in bed. Larry hides inside a car. Outside, the audience sees the car and the mustached man moving around it, but with a model (Melissa Prophet) talking about the car in a commercial. The model has been added digitally. The audience also sees Larry using his gun, and the windshield breaking at gunpoint. Renson is also seen in the commercial. The next commercial is even weirder: the dead body of the mustached man is on top of a table, and around that table, two children (Allison Balson & Adam Farrar) and their parents (Dick Christie & Katherine De Hetre) talk about Oaties cereal, saying that they are the cereal people eat when they are tired of having the same for breakfast. Cindy has released herself from the handcuffs. Jennifer is completely dead, and Renson sees her when he calls for the lift. He goes up to the control room. Cindy hides under the desk so as not to be seen. Renson goes down to the set again to kill Larry Roberts. Masters is there as well. Renson shoots Larry, but fails, and Masters kills him. Renson dies on the set of the Spurt commercial. Larry and Cindy leave together, in love. He comments on the bruises the cuffs have caused on her wrists, and claims that he can't cure her because he can't perform on the people he dates. They leave the set hand in hand.
tt0081617
Horror,Thriller
A large group of college students are at a bonfire for the New Year's Eve celebration. All of the pledges are wearing beanies, and one nerd-ish pledge named Kenny (Derek McKinnon) is sent by the fraternity president Doc (Hart Bochner) and his friends up to a room in the frat house where a sorority sister named Alana (Jamie Lee Curtis) is waiting in the doorway. Alana walks inside the bedroom and stands behind the canopy in the dark room. Kenny undressed, sits in bed, and realizes that he is sitting beside a bloated and rotting corpse. Kenny screams in terror and he stands up on the bed and is caught up in the canopy. Alana seems repulsed as Doc and a group of other students rush in and laugh at Kenny. Three years later. A large group of college kids are exiting a bus at a train station. They have a toast celebrating four great years at college as they prepare to board a charted old train for a New Year's Eve costume party. Carne (Ben Johnson), the lead conductor, has the students board the train while he organizes the route with the dispatcher. Carne helps a magician (David Copperfield) and his assistant carry their luggage on board, as a three-person band board the train for the excursion. Nearby, Ed (Howard Busgang) a prankster student and one of the ones involved in the prank against Kenny, walks around with a sword through his stomach. The other students laugh and think its another one of his practical jokes, but he falls down after the people walk away and board the train. An unseen person takes Ed's Groucho Marx costume and rolls his dead body under the train tracks. The train leaves and the lights at the deserted station are turned off. The killer is wearing Ed's costume as he moves around the train. Meanwhile, Mitchy (Sandee Currie) another one of the students involved in the prank against Kenny, is talking to Alana who is graduating early and hopes they will keep in touch. In the back of the train, the magician is talking to his blond assistant about the rowdy college kids and complaining about having to perform his illusions in front of them. In the lounge car, Doc is celebrating with his fellow frat brothers when one of them asks about the now abolished "hog night" and he mentions that something bad happened. Alana enters and tells them that they "put a kid in the hospital" who had a nervous breakdown due to Doc's prank three years ago. Alana then goes to her boyfriend Mo, also involved in the prank against Kenny, where they retire for some alone time. A little later, Mitchy sees 'Ed' and he follows her towards the sleeping berths. He nearly grabs her when Jackson, another of the students involved in the prank against Kenny, appears. Jackson is very inebriated and he offers 'Ed' a drink. In the nearby lavatory, the killer grabs Jackson, lifts up his mask for a second to let him see his face, and slams Jackson's head into the mirror. The killer then changes out of his Groucho Marx costume and leaves the lavatory. Meanwhile, Alana becomes angry when learning that the train party was Doc's idea after Mo told her that it was his. Two of the sorority sisters, Pet and Merry, show up where Pet thinks that her boyfriend, Ed, missed the train, and Alana argues with Mo about learning that Doc had set him up again. Carne, the conductor, shows Doc and Mitchy a car trick he learned form the magician (it is only a gag), and the couple waits for the occupied bathroom. After a few minutes, they leave to find another one. Later, the magician performs his show before the students and afterwards, the rock band appears to play. Alana talks with the geekish class president (who was a pledge in the opening scene). Meanwhile, Doc asks Mo where Jackson and Ed are. Mo does not know and when he asks where did he find the magician, Doc says that he did not hire a magician for the party and wonders who did. Alana tells Carne that someone may have been left behind, but Carne tells her that the train platform was empty when he viewed it prior to the train leaving. Mitchy hears this and tells them that she saw Ed earlier on the train. Frustrated at being unable to find their boyfriends Jackson and Ed, Merry and Pet approach Doc and Mo who offer to take them to "consulting rooms" as they are both med students. Carne goes off to have a talk with Walter, the engineer of the train, and the stoker, nicknamed Shovels, to ask for the time to reach their destination. Carne then tries his card gag on Charlie, the brake master, who does not understand the joke. Afterwards, Carne then goes to the locked door of the lavatory and knocks on it, asking if there is anyone inside for it has been locked for some time. He unlocks it with his master key and finds a dead Jackson lying on the floor, with blood everywhere. Carne checks and sees that his neck must have been slashed and he quietly locks it again. Carne then tells Walter and Charlie what he found saying "there's a boy dead back there". After looking at a map of the area, they agree that the closest way out is straight ahead as the train is moving though rural and unpopulated wooded areas. Back in the showroom car, Mitchy mentions to Alana on the dance floor that she is leaving to be with Doc, and the magician, after looking at Alana, leaves in the same direction at Mitchy. Charlie arrives at the locked door to the lavatory and tells some girls passing by that it is out of order. Carne opens the door for him and the blood is gone and 'Jackson', wearing his alligator costume, is down on the floor moving. Carne thinks it was a practical joke and Mitchy walks by and leads 'Jackson' away. In Doc and Mo's room, Merry points out Kenny's photo in a yearbook. When Mo mentions about Kenny having a nervous breakdown, Doc yells at Mo not to talk about it, and Pet motions for Doc to keep quiet. Doc and Merry leave Mo alone with Pet. At the same time, Mitchy is with the killer still wearing Jackson's alligator costume, unaware of who it really is. Mitchy beckons him to join her in a berth bed as Merry and Doc walk by. Mitchy leans down and asks 'Jackson' to have her way with her. The killer takes off a glove and lays a hand on Mitchy's chest. She looks down and sees that it is Jackson's severed hand. She tries to scream, but the killer puts his real hand over her mouth. A little later, the magician approaches Alana and asks if she enjoyed his show, and he tries to woo her with more illusions such as the cigarette-through-a-quarter trick, and a levitating rose. Doc sees this and interrupts the conversation to tell Alana that Mo is waiting for her. Doc, for some reason, is not friendly towards the magician. Meanwhile, Carne finds one of Mitchy's shoes on the floor in the sleeping quarters and then finds Mitchy dead with her throat slit in one of the beds. He runs into Alana and asks her whose shoe he has. She goes to get Mo, but he ignores the knocking at his door for a rambunctious Pet is there with him. Carne gets Alana alone in the conductor car and tells her that Mitchy is dead and he shows her the body. The magician puts on a second show where he asks Merry to volunteer for some of his illusions. Doc continues acting in a rude tone around the magician and outright expresses skepticism to the show. After a few minutes, Doc sees Mo hanging his head out of apparent boredom and follows suit. When the magic show ends, Mo does not move or talk, and when Doc hits him, he falls over. Doc takes a closer look at Mo and sees that he is not breathing. Doc's screams for help are ignored by the crowd as they cheer for the magician and his assistant. Doc carries Mo through the train to Carne and Alana and they discover a large stab wound on his chest. Mo is dead. Finally aware that there may be a maniac killer on board the train, Carne checks the lavatory and discovers a bloodied rag that the killer used to clean up the mess after killing Jackson. Carne runs up to the engine room only to find Walter and Shovels both gone (only finding a bloody engineer's cap). Carne and Charlie pull the emergency breaks and, after a tense minute, stops the train. Carne leads the students off the train as he has the chief porter and several of his men look around the train for the killer. Outside, Carne has everyone take off their masks to get a look at all of them as the class president takes a roll call to see who is present. Alana suggests to Doc that the killer might be Kenny wanting to get back at all those involved in the prank against him three years earlier. She tells Doc that after the practical joke with the corpse, Kenny was taken away and when she went to the hospital psych ward later that night to visit him to apologize for the prank, the hospital staff would not let her see Kenny for he was kept in isolation because he had killed someone in the hospital after he was admitted. Doc thinks that with Ed, Jackson, Mo, and Mitchy dead, they are the only two ones left involved in the prank and they might be next. Doc takes Alana to a room and locks the doors. He shows her a yearbook and she sees that Kenny used to be a magician in high school. Alana wants to tell Carne about Kenny, but Doc refuses to let her leave. She gets out of the room and runs when a figure wielding an axe approaches her. But it is only Charlie the break master who tells her to go back outside with the others. Alone in the room, Doc checks every inch of the room from the lockers to the above berths. He sits down and then realizes that he forgot to check under the seats. He stands up and is grabbed by someone under his seat. He tries to escape, but a hand grabs his shoulder. He looks at the hand which has painted black fingernails and Mitchy's class ring. He settles down beliving that Mitchy is joking with him. But the killer pulls out a knife and puts it to his neck and slashes his throat. Carne takes the students back onto the train and has them all packed into the dining room car to sort out who the killer is. With no phone or radio and no roads around, they will have to travel to their destination to find help. Meanwhile, the magician's assistant arrives back in the showroom car and tells him about a killer lurking among them, and he scolds her for wondering around and going outside. As Carne has Charlie restart the train and as it gets underway again, Alana runs up to him and tells him that she thinks the killer is the magician. They go to get Doc, and Carne enters the dark cabin room to find it splattered with blood and he finds Doc with his head cut off in one of the berths. Carne assembles a small group of train porters who arm themselves with fire axes and crowbars. They quietly enter the magician's showroom car where they herd his assistant and all of the students out, and lock the door. The chief porter takes Alana to a compartment and offers to look after her while she rests. Having assembled all of the students into the tightly packed dining room car, Carne and his men enter the showroom car, but the magician is nowhere to be found. In the rooms compartment, the chief porter is sitting dead in a chair, having been stabbed with one of the magician's swords. The killer is now wearing Mitchy's black robe and old man's mask costume and, taking the axe off the dead porter, quietly enters Alana's room and swings the axe at the covers, but it is only an inflatable doll. Alana, anticipating the killer would do just that, jumps out of a closet and stabs the killer in the shoulder with a sword. But the killer gets back up and chases her to the conductors car, but loses his axe when he swings and misses Alana and it flies out a window. Deprived of his weapon, the killer and Alana struggle with him trying to choke Alana. Alana sprays the killer with a fire extinguisher and takes refuge in a caged area with a desk. She locks herself in, and the killer arms himself with a crowbar and knocks out all the lights in the compartment and attempts to pry the lock. But Alana stabs him in the face with a letter opener, kicks the door open and runs out. The killer chases Alana and, during another struggle, falls between the train cars. Carne and his men arrive and leads the wounded and shaken Alana away, unaware that the killer is holding onto the side of the train car. Later, as dawn begins to break, Alana sits alone in the back of the train in the show room and upon looking at the magician's folder and paperwork, finds the magician dead in a box, impaled with his swords. Alana screams, and runs out past the students and goes forward to the conductors compartment at the front of the train to find Carne and sees Charlie sitting at his desk. She tells him that the magician is dead and doesn't know who the killer is anymore. But the figure grabs her hands and she looks up and sees a masked person wearing Charlie's uniform. The killer has obviously killed Charlie, removed his uniform, and threw his body off the train for the side car door is slightly open. Alana asks the killer who he is, and he removes his mask, revealing a pasty white-faced Kenny (complete with a wound to his left cheek where she stabbed him earlier). Kenny then takes off his cap, revealing.... flowing blond hair (Kenny was the magician's female assistant). Kenny takes off his blond wig, removes his false teeth and wipes off his lipstick and white powder makeup. Alana tries to apologize to Kenny for her involvement in the prank, but he tells her that he always had a crush on her. He tells her to kiss him for he feels that Alana owes him just that for the past three years, and she reluctantly obeys. Suddenly, Kenny has a similar eerie reaction as the memory of the practical joke with the corpse comes right back to him. Alana backs away and Carne enters from the engine room with a shovel and sees Kenny reacting to his encounter with Alana. Carne hits Kenny with the shovel, and he falls out of the moving train though the open side door while it is passing a bridge. Kenny falls hundreds of feet and lands in an icy river far below as the train continues moving on.
tt0083336
Horror,Thriller
In the opening scenes, a high-profiler magnate named Christopher Van der Veer (Max Brown) partakes in a ground-breaking cerimony for a new building to be built in the South Bronx. That evening, Van der Veer, his cocaine-snorting wife, and bodyguard/limo driver drive through Manhattan to the Battery Park waterfront. While the three of them take strolls around the deserted park, they are stalked by a number of mysterious creatures (unseen except for point-of-view shots set a few feet off the ground and in a strange thermal-image color pattern). They are all killed one by one in rapid sucession by the unseen creatures. The next morning, NYPD Captain Dewey Wilson (Albert Finney) is assigned to solve the bizarre, violent murders. Executive Security, Van der Veer's client, prefers to blame the murders on terrorists, but knowing that the victim's bodyguard was a 300 pound Haitian with voodoo ties makes Wilson skeptical. At the crime scene, Wilson meets with Warren, his superior. With pressure to solve the case coming down from both the commissioner and mayor, Warren partners Wilson with criminal psychologist Rebecca Neff (Diane Venora). Meanwhile a homeless man goes exploring an abandoned church in Charlotte Street, South Bronx, which was going to be demolished by Van der Veer along with the rest of the ruined buildings in the area, in order to build new apartment complexes, and is suddenly attacked and torn to pieces by another unseen monstrous being. Soon after that and while investigating the abandoned church, sounds of suffering lure Neff upstairs. Wilson follows her but doesn't hear the suffering, but once Neff is separated from him, he hears a wolf's howl. He goes up after Neff and drags her forcibly to safety. Soon after, a bridge worker is murdered by another unseen attacker. NY coroner Whittington (Gregory Hines) discovers non-human hairs on several mutilation victims and consults zoologist Ferguson (Tom Noonan). Ferguson immediately identifies the hairs as belonging to Canis lupus, also explaining that there are 40 existing subspecies and these particular hairs don't belong to any of them. Ferguson foreshadows his own death when he asks incredulously "What are you two trying to pin on the big bad (wolf)?". He compares wolves to Indians, giving Wilson his first real inspiration. Wilson finds Eddie Holt (Edward James Olmos), a militant Native activist he arrested some years ago for killing a conservative Indian or "apple" (a Native who is "red" -a true Native- on the outside but white on the inside). He claims he's a shapeshifter, which implicates him as the killer, and even goes so far as to threaten Wilson with carefully constructed dialogue. Feeling that the conversation is circumstantial and potentially dangerous, Wilson opts to let well alone and tail Eddie later that night on his own terms. While following animal clues Ferguson goes to Central Park, where the actual killer ambushes and kills him under a tunnel. Oblivious, Wilson spends the remainder of his night with Neff. In the following morning, a man in a jogging suit rides Ferguson's motorcycle right past Wilson as he leaves Rebecca's apartment. The man crashes, illustrating that he stole the motorcycle. Back at the police station, Whittington is the second person to foreshadow his own death when he says "If violence comes, I'm ready. I'm a dead shot, and a karate expert". He and Wilson stakeout the Bronx church armed with sniper rifles and sound equipment and after he almost blows his ears out by opening a beer can near the sound mic, an animal who appears to be a wolf ambushes and kills him. Meanwhile, Executive Security apprehends a "Götterdämmerung" terrorist cell in connection with the Van der Veer slaying. A traumatized Wilson escapes the church and finds himself at the Wigwam Bar, where Eddie Holt and his friends are drinking. The group of Natives reveal the true nature of the killer as Wolfen, the wolf spirit. They explain to Wilson that the Wolfen have extraordinary abilities and that they "might be gods". Eddie explains to Wilson that he can't fight the Wolfen, stating: "You don't have the eyes of the hunter, you have the eyes of the dead". The leader of the group, Old Indian, informs Wilson that Wolfen kills to protect its hunting ground. Wilson resolves to end his involvement in the Van der Veer case. In an alleyway, Neff, Wilson, and Warren are cornered by the wolfen superwolf pack. Warren tries to flee but is killed when a pack member severs his hand and then decapitates him in his car. Wilson and Neff flee and blow up Warren's car with a pack member in it. When he and Neff are cornered in Van der Veer's penthouse by the Wolfen pack led by its white alpha, Wilson smashes the model of the construction project that threatened their hunting ground, to communicate to them that the threat no longer exists and he and Neff are not enemies. The Wolfen consent, and just as the police barge in, vanish. Wilson claims the attack was made by terrorists. The story ends on the assumption that Götterdämmerung takes the fall for the serial murders. Wilson's voice is heard, explaining that the Wolfen will continue to prey on weak and isolated members of the human herd, as humans do to each other on social and economic scale. The Wolfen will continue to be invisible to humanity because of their nature; not that of spirits, but superior predators, who are higher on The Food Chain than men.
tt0079946
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In the distant future, a starship with an "important passenger" tries to find the base of the ruthless Count Zarth Arn, when the ship attacked by a mysterious weapon which red globs of energy enter the ship and drive the crew to madness, killing each other off. Meanwhile, in another part of the galaxy, space outlaw and smuggler Stella Star (Caroline Munroe) and her companion Akton (Marjor Gortner), are on a smuggling run when they run into the Imperial Space Police led by the space robot 'L' (or Elle in a more formal tile). After a spaceship chase sequence, Akton and Stella escape from their pursuers by jumping into hyperspace, a faster-than-light travel. They happen to find one of the escape pods from the starship in the opening scene, and find one still-alive survivor. But shortly afterwards, they are finally apprehended by the police who have also followed their hyperspace travel route. Tried, convicted and found guilty of piracy, both Akton and Stella are sentenced to life in prison. A few days later, on a prison colony, Stella manages to create a diversion and escape. But she is found by the chief-of-police Thor (Robert Tessier) who takes her to a orbiting main ship where she is reunited with Akton. It is here that they are contacted by the Emperor of the Galaxy (Christopher Plummer) via a hologram, who thanks them for the discovery of the survivor of the starship and they are granted clemency to help find one of three missing escape pods from the ship which contain the Emperor's son. The Emperor is in feud with the rouge Count Zarth Arn (Joe Spinell) who has hidden a secret weapon on a remote planet and will use it to overthrow him and take over the galaxy for himself and his legion of evil warriors. With Chief Thor and the robot Elle accompanying them, the Emperor tells Stella and Akton to find the Count's secret weapon as well as rescue his son who may be still alive. Over the course of the movie, Stella and Atkon travel to many planets to find the three missing escape pods, and hoping to find the Emporer's son. On their first planet they visit, a jungle world, Stella is abducted by a tribe of vicious female warriors, who shoot Elle and leave him for dead. But being a robot, Elle does not die and instead makes his way into the throne room of the queen of the Amazonian-women Corelia (Nadia Cassini) and takes her hostage to secure Stella's release. She and Elle are chased by the Amazonian women to the beach where Queen Corelia sends a giant robot to kill them, only to be rescued by Akton and Thor. On another perpetually cold and dark planet, Stella and Elle investigate the second escape pod crash site to search for survivors, but after finding none, it's revealed that Thor is a spy for Count Zarth Arn who subdues Akton and traps Stella and Elle outside where he knows that when the sun sets on the ice planet, the temperature will drop hundreds of degrees below zero which will freeze any living thing. But Akton manages to revive and kill Thor, but is too late as the sun has already set, and the surface of the planet freezes solid. Elle, being a robot, is able to help Stella stay alive by keeping her in a suspended state sequence. Upon daylight, Akton is able to venture outside to bring both Elle and the frozen Stella back onto the ship where she is de-thawed and revealed to have survived. At last, Stella Starr's starship arrives at the third and last planet where the third and final escape pod landed, which is right on the Count's secret planet. After surviving the Count's mental weapon, Stella and her crew land the ship to search for the final crash site. But Stella and Elle get attacked by a savage group of barbarian tribesmen who hack Elle to pieces and abduct Stella. But she escapes and flees to a nearby cave where she is met by Simon (David Hasseloff), who is revealed to be the sole survivor of the crash, and the Emperor's son. Akton arrives having fought his way through the barbarians and gets into a light saber duel with Simon, unaware of his origins. But Simon proves his bio origins to the Emperor and the trio then set off to find the Count's secret weapon which is right on the planet. Arriving at an underground lab, Stella, Akton, and Simon are caught by the Count's men where the Count, finally meeting the group face-to-face, reveals his intentions of using them for bait to bring the Emperor to the planet and have his weapon self-destruct, destroying everybody while he makes his escape to conquer the Emperor's home world to have the title to Emperor for himself. The Count and his men depart, leaving behind the Count's two personal bodyguard Golum robots to guard Stella, Akton, and Simon to make sure they don't follow him. Akton engages the two robots in a lightsaber fight, but gets mortally wounded in destroying the two robots. The Emperor arrives with his personal army where, aware that the whole planet is mined with nuclear bombs, he uses a special weapon to block the bomb timers long enough to help Stella and Simon make it back to the ship before they detonate and destroy the whole planet. Upon arriving back at the Emperor's battleship, Stella is relived to see that Elle is alive, after being found by the Emperor's men who put him back together. Observing alongside the Emperor on the bridge of his flagship, Stella watches a huge space battle begin as the Emperor launches an attack against the Count's massive space station just as the Count is launching an attack against the Emperor's home planet. But the attack is a failure. After an initial start, the Emperor's soldiers storm the Count's space station, gaining a foothold in a long laser-gun battle. But the Count arrives with massive reinforcements which all of the outnumbered Emperor's solders are overwhelmed and killed. With no other options left, the Emperor decides the only way to stop the Count is a "star crash": to fly a whole space station into the Count's space station to destroy it. Stella and Elle volunteer to commandeer an abandoned space city to fly into the Count's space station to destroy it. Stella and Elle manage to escape from the space city's bridge by flying out into space, just as it crashes into the Count's space station destroying it and the Count as well, finally winning the war. Stella and Elle are picked up by the Emperor's son, Simon, who is finally overjoyed that Stella survived once again and they agree to get married and begin a new era of peace for the galaxy.
tt0082247
Action,Adventure,Crime
In the Yukon Territory in 1931, solitary American trapper Albert Johnson (Charles Bronson), comes across an organized dog fight. One of the dogs, a white German Shepherd, is badly injured and Johnson forcibly takes it, paying $200 to its owner, a vicious trapper named Hazel (Ed Lauter). Aggrieved by his treatment and claiming the dog was stolen from him, Hazel, leads several of his thugs to Johnson's isolated cabin. The men then attack the cabin, shooting while others create a diversion. Johnson kills one of the men, a trapper named Jimmy Tom (Denis Lacroix), after he shoots Sitka, the dog, which Johnson has nursed back to health. Once they discover that Johnson has bought 700 rounds of ammunition from the local trading post and paid in $100 bills, the trappers become convinced that Johnson is the "mad trapper", a possibly mythical, psychopathic, serial-killing figure who supposedly murders other trappers in the wilderness and takes their gold teeth. An old trapper, named Bill Lusk (Henry Beckman), warns Johnson that the law is coming for him. Johnson fortifies his cabin. Sergeant Edgar Millen (Lee Marvin), commander of the local Royal Canadian Mounted Police post in this region, seems a tough but humane man. He has a tracker named Sundog Brown (Carl Weathers), and a new constable named Alvin Adams (Andrew Stevens), plus a new lover in fellow mountie Vanessa McBride (Angie Dickinson). Millen leads a posse of armed mounties and trappers to the cabin. He meets with Johnson, who comes out his front door, telling him that he has a pretty good idea of what happened and if Johnson comes with him they can get it sorted out. However, before Johnson can answer, one of the trigger-happy trappers opens fire and Johnson is forced to run back inside and engages the trappers in a shootout. Several of the trappers end up killed, including one who is shot for screaming by one of his friends. The posse uses dynamite to blow up the cabin, but Johnson escapes, shooting dead a mountie, Constable Hawkins (Jon Cedar). Millen, Sundog and Adams, joined by Hazel with his tracker dogs, set off into the frozen wilderness after Johnson. The case has made front-page news across the country, so many trappers also set off after the RCMP, attracted by a $1,000 bounty that has been placed on Johnson's life. Captain Hank Tucker (Scott Hylands), a Royal Canadian Air Force pilot, is also sent by the government to join the hunt, which is causing a national embarrassment. He reveals that Johnson was a member of a United States Army special intelligence unit during World War I. Johnson utilizes a number of tracking techniques to avoid Millen's posse and the bounty hunters, living off the land in treacherous winter conditions. As the hunt continues, Millen begins to respect Johnson's uncommon abilities while growing to resent the intrusion of so many outsiders. Lusk comes across two of the trappers camping in the wilderness and shoots them both dead before pulling out their gold teeth. Lusk, so it would appear, is the real mad trapper. The pursuers catch up to Johnson. Tucker, flying his biplane, begins to carelessly machine-gun the area, killing Sundog. The enraged Millen and Adams shoot down the plane with their rifles; Tucker crashes into a canyon wall and is killed. Johnson escapes after killing Hazel. Lusk comes across Johnson and tries to kill him, presumably attracted by the reward. Johnson tricks him and captures him at gunpoint. Millen spots Johnson and opens fire; the bullet hits him in the face, rendering him unrecognisable. As they examine the body, both Millen and Adams spot the real Johnson, dressed in Lusk's clothes, on a ridge above them. The man they shot was Lusk dressed in Johnson's clothes. The mounties allow Johnson to flee into Alaska, well aware that everything he did was in self-defense. As the other pursuers appear, Adams tells them that Millen has killed Johnson. A trapper finds that the body has a pocket full of gold teeth, so they celebrate the killing of the "mad trapper."
tt0082776
Crime,Drama,Thriller
In New York City's garment district, Thana is a young seamstress who works in a small clothing firm. She is friends with Laurie and two other female co-workers, but she lives in a lonely existence in a small apartment in Clinton Gardens. One typical day after work, her boss, Albert, sends his workers home while he tries to please a buyer for his clothing designs. As the four ladies walk down the street, they must march past leering and dirty men who make obscene remarks and come-ons at them. Laurie protests and insults them vehemently, but Thana is silent because she is physically and mentally a mute. When the three friends leave to enter a subway station for their destination home, Thana goes off on her own. After grocery shopping in a local supermarket, Thana, walking home, is grabbed by a mugger who rapes her in a deserted alley before stealing her purse. Thana stumbles into her apartment unaware that it is being robbed. Held at gunpoint by the burglar, she gets raped a second time. But afterwards, Thana grabs a flatiron and bludgeons the intruder to death. Momentarily stunned by what she did, Thana drags his dead body to the bathroom and places it in the bathtub. The next day, Thana goes to work as usual. It is clear at this point that she doesn't enjoy her job because Albert is always yelling at all his female employees, or acts patronizingly towards her. When she accidentally burns a shirt that she is ironing when the images remind her of the previous day's event, Albert further yells at her. After work, Thana gets an idea of what to do with the dead man in her apartment. She returns home and spends all night cutting the dead rapist's body into pieces and placing them in plastic garbage bags which she stuffs into her refrigerator and freezer. Over the course of the entire movie, Thana gets rid of the plastic bags of the dead rapist one by one by disposing of them in various locations all over the city. One day, when Thana gets out of a taxi to dispose of the latest bag, a leering man with a ducktop hairstyle sees her and begins to follow her. When the man retrieves one of her bags and attempts to return it to her without examining the contents of it, Thana runs. The man runs after her. After a chase through the streets, Thana runs into an alley that has a dead end. When the man catches up to her to return the bag, Thana, finally aware that the man intends to attack her, pulls out a gun that she took from the dead rapist and shoots her would-be assailant dead. Thana runs home and throws up in her bathroom in shock and disbelief at what she did. Her nosy and obnoxious landlady sees her running and demands to know what is going on, but Thana refuses to offer a written explanation. Over the next few days, Thana continues to have trouble concentrating at work, staring off and being negligent. While her landlady continues to annoy and spy on her, her yapping runt of a dog, Phil, continues barking day and night. At work, Albert scolds Thana for not making the best effort. However, he invites her to come to the company's annual Halloween costume party in a few weeks. Thana writes a note to Albert telling him that she'll let him know. Thana also notices newspaper clips reporting findings of an unknown body as well as the mysterious .45 caliber killing of an ex-convict the previous day. That afternoon, Laurie takes Thana and her two co-workers out for lunch at a local hamburger restaurant. While eating, the four women notice a man and a woman making out nearby in a booth. When the woman leaves, the cocky man tries to flirt with the four women at their table. But Laurie naturally tells him to "fuck off" when he comes on to her and she tells him that she's "not into men". A little later, when Laurie and the other two ladies leave, Thana is beside herself. When Thana leaves the restaurant, the man follows her out and coaxes her to come back to his loft, claiming to be a photographer who would like her to pose for him. As soon as they enter a building and take an elevator up to what's revealed as a cheap studio, Thana suddenly without warning, pulls out her gun and empties it into the sleazy photographer, killing him. At night, Thana dresses up like a hooker with blood red lipstick, her face pasty white, and goes out with another one of the bags with the rapist's remains in it, leaving a note for the landlady that she's spending the night with a friend. After disposing of the bag in a train station locker, Thana ventures out onto the dark streets to look for attackers. Thana sees a pimp beating up a prostitute, and shoots the man dead from across the street before fleeing. She ventures to Central Park where five gang members surround her just as she wanted them to. With quick shots, she guns them all down. As it begins to rain, Thana leaves the park and is picked up by a limousine containing an Arab sheik who pays her $100 for services. At a red light, Thana kills him and his bodyguard/chauffeur. Thana returns home the next morning, and, further agitated by her landlady's barking dog, gives him some of the rapist's dead body to eat. Thana continues to dispose of parts of the rapist's body, disposing of one bag in the car truck of a man from Georgia state, and other in a bag lady's shopping cart, while she continues working at her job and agrees with Albert's request to attend the costume party this coming Friday. That night, Thana goes out again looking for more victims. This time dressed in a cloak, partly obscuring her face, she first ventures to Chinatown and attempts to shoot an innocent Chinese man making out with his girlfriend, but the man enters his apartment building, and unknowingly gets away. At a local bar, Thana meets an unhappy man who, seeing that she's a mute, rambles onto her about his bad luck-prone life. Out on the street at a bench overlooking the East River, the man further rambles on about finding his cheating girlfriend first with another man, then with a woman. Thana points her gun at the man's head, but for some reason her gun misfires. The man snatches the gun away from Thana and realizes that she intended to kill him in cold blood, even though he has not made any move onto her. The man tells Thana that he will save her the effort in which he puts the gun to his head, and pulls the trigger, killing himself. One day, Thana finally reaches the breaking point over Phil's constant barking and takes him out for a walk. She ties the dog to a post at an East River waterfront and points her gun at him. But for some reason, Thana cannot bring herself to shoot the terrified and whimpering small dog, so she leaves him there. That night, Thana goes to the company costume party dressed as a nun with high-heeled boots and red-lipstick where she meets with Albert and the other employees in the midst of partying. Meanwhile, Thana's landlady enters her apartment. Thinking that Thana might have killed her dog, as it never returned from its walk with her, the landlady looks around for any evidence of foul play. The landlady opens Thana's refrigerator, but by this time all of the trash bags containing the rapist's body parts are gone... except one which the landlady finds in the freezer. Thinking it may be her pet dog, the landlady opens it and it's the severed head of the dead rapist. The landlady calls the police where she shows them the head and also tells them where Thana may be. At the costume party, Thana dances with Albert and then retires with him to a nearby office where Albert flirts with her wanting to make out. When he crawls under her nun's habit, he spots the .45 gun in her corset. Thana shoots and kills him. Now completely deranged, Thana emerges from the office and begins to shoot at all the men that she sees at the party in a violent, slow-motion sequence. Failing to stop Thana's rampage by shouting at her, Laurie grabs a nearby butcher knife and fatally stabs Thana in the back. Thana screams and whirls around pointing the gun at Laurie, who backs up in terror. But Thana cannot bring herself to shoot a woman. With a mixed look of shock and disappointment in her eyes, Thana stumbles over to Laurie and replies "sister..." the only time anyone has ever heard her speak, and falls to the floor dead. Back at Thana's apartment building, her landlady mourns for her dead husband and her missing dog. But Phil is not dead. He runs back into the building after apparently freeing himself from the post and scratches on the landlady's front door.
tt0077914
Drama,Horror
Martin (John Amplas), a young man who looks around 20-years-old, boards a train in Indianapolis, Indiana for New York. At night, he breaks into a sleeping car and sedates a woman with a syringe full of narcotics. She struggles, but he tells her not to struggle or be upset because she won't feel pain. After a few minutes, the woman falls asleep, and Martin has sex with the unconscious woman. Afterwards, he slices her wrists with a razor blade so he can drink her blood. The woman bleeds to death in her sleep. In the morning, the train stops in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where Martin disembarks. He is met by Tata Cuda (Lincoln Maazel) an elderly and hostile old man wearing a white suit who claims to be his cousin from the Old World. Together, they travel by another train to the town of Braddock, a dying industrial suburb. They walk to Cuda's large house where he shows Martin his living quarters. Cuda then accuses Martin of being an 84-year-old vampire from his old country. He has taken in Martin because he is family since Martin's parents are said to have recently died, but tells him, "First I will save your soul. Then I will destroy you." Cuda tells Martin that he is free to come and go as he pleases, but he also threatens to destroy Martin without salvation if he kills a single person from the neighborhood, also adding his granddaughter, Christina (Christine Forrest) lives with him. Martin chases Cuda to his own room, busts open the door, forcing Cuda to grab a crucifix from his dresser drawer and defend himself with it, whispering "Nosferatu". Martin denies being a vampire and states that he is merely Cuda's cousin. Martin then grabs a string of garlic on Cuda's door, bites it and grabs the small, white crucifix Tata Cuda aims at him. Martin holds the cross gingerly to his face, saying bitterly, "It isn't magic... even I know that. It isn't magic". That evening, Cuda introduces Christina to Martin, but also warns her to stay away from him. But Christina instead strikes up a friendship with Martin who confides in her about his vampire heritage. When Cuda later confirms Martin's claims to be a vampire, Christina, not surprisingly, refuses to believe either one. She thinks that Cuda and the other members of her family have driven Martin to insanity by making him think that he is a vampire. (It is never revealed if Martin really is a vampire, or just a shy and lonely youth with troubled issues.) Christina is the only person that Martin gets the courage to talk to. When Christina's boyfriend Arthur (Tom Savini) arrives at the house for dinner, Martin stops talking and backs away despite Arthur's casual attempt at a conversation. Christina later confides in Martin that she hopes to leave Braddock someday with Arthur, even though Martin points out that Arthur treats her badly and is both verbally and physically abusive towards her. When Christina sees that Martin won't talk to anyone else, she buys him a phone which he installs in his room. Martin begins to repeatedly call a radio talk show where he describes what it's like to be a vampire. He becomes known on the radio as "the Count" to all the listeners. But the patronizing host (voice of cameraman Michael Gornick) thinks he's just crazy. Martin gets a job at Cuda's grocery store, stocking shelves, hauling boxes around, and even gets to be a delivery boy for some of the customers. One of his customers is a certain Abby Santini (Elyane Nadeau), who becomes taken with Martin. She is a very friendly young woman who is depressed who tells Martin that her husband is unfaithful. But Martin still does not have the nerve to talk with her. Nonetheless, she is happy to have someone to confide in with her life problems. Martin phones the radio show host to describe his infatuation with the housewife and senses that she wants to have sex with him. When the radio show host asks Martin if it is a sexual problem that he has involving women criticizing him during sex, Martin replies that he has never had sex with a woman who was awake. One day, Martin travels by train outside of Braddock to look for victims. At a supermarket, he follows a young woman (Sarah Venable) home to her posh suburban house. He sees the woman's husband, Mr. Willard, (producer Richard Rubenstein) leave for a long business trip, and Martin decides this would be the right time for more feeding. Martin returns to the house after dark and programs a walkie-talkie to open the garage door on an open frequency. Throughout the sequence, Martin begins 'remembering' the distant past, in black-and-white: possibly he was a vampire on the hunt, killing a young romantic victim, then chased by an angry horde armed with torches and pitchforks, or he has seen one monster movie too many. Open ended. Back in the present, Martin is in the house intending to surprise and attack the housewife whom he believes her to be alone. But it's Martin who gets the surprise when he bursts into the bedroom to find the housewife in bed with her adulterous lover Lewis (porn star Al Levitsky). After a vicious struggle, Martin jabs both of them with hypodermic needles full of narcotics, and waits for the drugs to take affect. He drags the unconscious body of Lewis from the house to a small forest on the other side of a low fence, and down a hill, where he kills him by shoving a broken tree branch into his neck, and drinks his blood. Martin returns to the house where he has sex with the unconscious woman. But out of compassion and pity, he decides to let her live. He then removes any evidence of his presence with practiced, methodical precision. After one Sunday at church, attended by, among other people, Abby Santini and her philandering husband, Cuda brings home Father Howard (director George A. Romero) who asks him about the possibility of exorcism and demon possession. Father Howard calls upon the elderly Father Zulemas (Clifford Forrest, Jr.) over at Cuda's request. Together, Cuda and Zulemas confront Martin his bedroom and attempt to perform an exorcism on him. At this point, Martin remembers (another real or imaginary flashback), in the Old Country, people trying to perform an exorcism on him, and fleeing. Martin then flees from Cuda and Zuelmas as well. A little later that night, Martin terrorizes Cuda in a children's playground when he puts on a Dracula cape and puts false fangs into his mouth to pretend that he really is a vampire, thus humiliating the old man who takes on Martin in single combat, holding his crucifix while Martin playfully japes him. Then Cuda attempts to conquer him with his walking cane, whereupon Martin spits out his falsies, wipes makeup from his face, holding it out for Cuda to see, and states, 'It's just a costume... It's only a costume," then drifts away into the night mist. One day, Martin finally musters the courage to talk with Abby during a routine delivery to her house where he tells her that he's aware of her attempts to seduce him and wants now to have sex with her. After having consensual sex for the first time, Martin learns that a tearful Abby is extremely depressed because her husband just left her after she discovered that she cannot bear children, and that her desires towards Martin are based on sex and nothing else. But Martin wants to stay with her and help her move on with her life. Martin tells the radio show host about his affair with the housewife and that he no longer has the urge to attack other women. Meanwhile, Arthur meets with Cuda in a bar and tells him that he wants Christina to leave town with him to New York City so they can get married and start a family. Martin later meets Christina on the front porch, where she's put out about Arthur apparently forgetting they were going out that night. Martin finally voices his dislike of Arthur, stating, "I don't like Arthur, he makes you feel bad," after which Christina complains about her current life and goes back inside. But Christina becomes angry at Cuda when she learns that he told Arthur that insanity runs in their family and he shouldn't consider having children with her. After confronting her grandfather, he slaps her for blaspheming, twice. Shortly afterwards, Christina packs up and leaves Braddock with Arthur, despite Martin telling her that Arthur is abusive towards her. But her mind is made up. Before leaving, Christina tells Martin that she really has no ill feelings towards him and just wants to make a fresh start with her life. She says goodbye to him and promises to write. But Martin knows that with an abusive and possessive man in Christina's life, she probably won't (Martin turns out of be rightfully so; Christina never calls or writes ever again). With no one to cook for him now, Tata Cuda has to do it for himself and Martin, which is only the tip of a slowly melting iceberg, including Martin now stalking a verbally-abusive Mrs. Bellini, a local neighbor and regular grocery store customer, with an eye toward making her pay for her insolence. Depressed over losing his one true friend, Martin phones the radio show host and tells him that he's getting "shaky" and wants to go out looking for more victims. That night, Martin travels to a rough crime-ridden area of Pittsburgh and attacks two derelicts (Tony Pantanella and Regis Survinski) in a junk and grime-filled storage building. He kills both of them by beating them viciously with a steel pipe, then slitting one bum's wrist and drinking his blood. Martin runs and breaks into a second-hand store full of items to change his blood-splattered clothing. Just then, a police car shows up and two cops get out. Martin narrowly escapes during a long chase on foot which leads from the store, through the garbage-strewn streets and into an old warehouse where a drug deal is going down. A shootout between the two cops and three thugs ends where all of them are killed, leaving Martin as the sole survivor who hurriedly runs away from the carnage. The next day, after shopping for poultry with Cuda, Martin finds Abby Santini dead in her bathtub, after she has slit her writs with a razor blade and swallowed booze. After calling the police to report the dead body, he phones the radio show host later that afternoon to say that he didn't kill her and really doesn't need friends or people to talk to for he is his own person. After joining a town parade with a marching band, Shriners-types, and other kids, Martin calls the DJ one final time, believing his life all about to get better. But Cuda has heard about Abby's suicide, mistakenly thinking Martin killed her and made it look like a suicide as he's done before. The next morning, Cuda walks into Martin's room while he is asleep and kills him by hammering a wooden stake through Martin's heart. Cuda buries Martin's body in his back garden, while over the closing credits various voices from people are heard talking to the radio show host asking the whereabouts of "the Count".
tt0081400
Action,Drama,Thriller
The film opens on the fictional island of Svardlov in the far North Sea above the Soviet Union in the year 1982 where an American spy breaks into an old mine where he discovers the frozen body of a US Army sergeant and mining expert, named Jake Hobart. Next to the frozen corpse is a newspaper from 1912, as well as some mining tools from the early part of the 20th century. Using a radiation meter, the spy discovers that what he seeks: an extremely rare mineral named byzanium, was there in the mine but had been mined out leaving only radioactive traces. He is then chased and shot by Soviet forces but rescued at the last moment by Dirk Pitt (Richard Jordan), a former U.S. Navy officer and a clandestine CIA operator. Back in Washington DC, it is explained by government scientist Gene Seagram (David Selby) and the head of The National Underwater and Marine Agency (NUMA, a NASA-like agency for sea exploration) Admiral James Sandecker (Jason Robards) that the mineral their man was trying to find is needed to fuel a powerful new defense system, code-named "The Sicilian Project". This system, using laser technology, would be able to destroy any incoming nuclear missiles during an attack and "make nuclear war obsolete". The CIA and Pitt soon find out that boxes of the raw mineral were loaded onto the Belfast-built RMS Titanic by an American, named Brewster, in April 1912. A search is then conducted in the North Atlantic to locate the sunken ocean liner. The search team is aided by one of the Titanic's last survivors John Bigalow (Alec Guinness), who was a teenage seaman on board, who explains he was also the last person to see Brewster alive. Just minutes before the Titanic foundered, Bigalow said he locked the man inside the ship's vault containing the boxes of mineral, his last words being "thank God for Southby!" At this point it is decided that the only way to get a hold of the byzanium is to literally "raise the Titanic" from the ocean floor. Pitt comes up with a salvage plan that Sandecker presents to the president. The President signs off on the plan and Pitt is put in charge of the operation. At this time the Soviet KGB station chief in Washington D.C., Andre Prevlov (Bo Brundin), is receiving bits of information on the project and leaks them to a reporter, Dana Archibald (Anne Archer), who is also Seagram's lover as well as a former girlfriend of Pitt's. The story blows the project's secret cover and Sandecker must hold a press conference to explain why the ship is being raised. Questions are raised about byzanium, but are not answered. After a lengthy search, the Titanic is located and the search team, with help from the U.S. Navy, begins the dangerous job of raising the ship from the seabed. One of the submersibles, Starfish, experiences a cabin flood and implodes. Another submersible, the Deep Quest, is attempting to clear debris from one of the upper decks when it suddenly tears free of its supports, crashes through the skylight above the main staircase and becomes jammed. Pitt decides they must attempt to raise the ship before the Deep Quest crew suffocates. Eventually, the rusting Titanic is brought to the surface by using explosives to break the hull loose from the bottom suction and compressed air tanks to fill buoyancy aids. During the ascent, the Deep Quest safely breaks away from the ship. When Prevlov, who has been aboard a nearby Soviet spy ship, sees the Titanic, he arranges a fake distress call to draw the American naval escorts away from the operation. He then meets with Sandecker, Pitt and Seagram aboard their vessel. He tells them that his government knows all about the mineral and challenges them for both salvage of the Titanic as well as ownership of ore, claiming it was illegally taken from Russian soil. Prevlov says that if there is to be a "superior weapon" made from the mineral, then "Russia must have it!" Sandecker tells Prevlov they knew he was coming and what he would threaten them with. Pitt then escorts him to the deck where U.S. fighter jets and a nuclear attack submarine have arrived to protect the Titanic from their attempted piracy. Prevlov leaves in defeat. The ship is then towed into New York City harbor and moored at the old White Star Line dock, its original intended destination. The arrival is greeted with much fanfare including huge cheering crowds, the international media, escorting ships, and aircraft. On entering the watertight vault, the salvage team discovers the mummified remains of the American, Mr. Brewster, but no mineral. Instead, they find only boxes of gravel. As they contemplate their probable failure, Sandecker tells Pitt and Seagram that in addition to powering the defensive system, they were actually thinking of a way to weaponize the byzanium and create a super bomb, which went against everything the scientist believed in. As Pitt listens, he goes through the belongings of the dead Brewster found in the vault and finds an un-mailed postcard. He then realizes that there was a clue in those final words, "Thank God for Southby". The postcard shows a church and graveyard in the small village of Southby on the English coast, the place Brewster had arranged a fake burial for the frozen miner Jake Hobart prior to sailing back to the United States on the Titanic. In the final scene, Pitt and Seagram travel to England and go alone to the small graveyard just three miles from Southampton and find the grave of Jake Hobart. Through their radiation detectors, they discover that the byzanium had indeed been buried there after all... and has been there for the past 70 years by Brewster while apparently evading Russian spies that killed off his entire team. Aparently Brewster buried the byzanium ore in an empty coffin and used the late Jake Hobart's name as a cover. After thinking about it, Seagram and Pitt decide to leave the mineral in the grave because they agree its existence would destabilize the status quo that maintains the peace between the West and the Soviet Union.
tt0072973
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
Los Angeles, 1941 In a seedy hotel, private detective Philip Marlowe (Robert Mitchum) evades the police who suspect his involvement in a string of recent murders. Risking a private meeting in his hotel room with long-time acquaintance police detective Lt. Nulty (John Ireland), Marlowe relates the events of the past several weeks: After Marlowe wraps up a missing teenager investigation, hulking ex-convict Moose Malloy (Jack O'Halloran), who has just completed a seven year stretch for a bank heist, asks the detective to locate his girlfriend, Velma Valento. While the men are walking down the street, shots are fired from a passing car at Malloy but Marlowe manages to push the larger man to the ground. Unperturbed, Malloy explains that he has not heard from Velma in six years and takes Marlowe to a downtown night club, called Florian's, where she used to work. At the club, Malloy demands to see the owner, Montgomery, but when the man tries to shoot him, Malloy kills him. After giving Marlowe $50 in cash to secure his services, Malloy slips away as Marlowe reports Montgomery's death to Nulty, insisting that the ex-con was killed only in self-defense. Upon learning that Tommy Ray (Walter McGinn), a former musician who played at Florian's, still lives across the street at the Crescent Hotel, Marlowe visits him. Ray, who is white, lives with his black wife and their young son, whom Marlowe befriends. Although Ray says he does not remember Velma, he directs Marlowe to Florian's widow, Jessie (Sylvia Miles), a faded club singer. When Marlowe brings Jessie a bottle of cheap bourbon, she reminisces about her days as a popular singer, then wonders why Tommy Ray would say he did not know Velma when he performed with her at the club. Marlowe then returns to the musician, who admits that he knew Velma. Armed with a photo of Velma provided by Ray, Marlowe questions several contacts in the burlesque trade. One club owner recalls that Velma, using another name, appeared in a couple of motion pictures, before breaking down and being placed in the Camarillo Sanitarium. Marlowe visits the sanitarium and finds the girl catatonic. Wondering how Malloy will take the news, Marlowe returns to his office where he finds Lindsay Marriott (John O'Leary) waiting for him. Marriott explains that a friend had an extremely rare jade necklace stolen and the thief has demanded $15,000 for its return. Marriott has agreed to make the exchange for his friend later that night and gives Marlowe a hundred dollars to accompany and protect him. That evening, Malloy confronts Marlowe in a restaurant but dismisses the detective's report on Velma being in a sanitarium. After asserting that Marlowe's picture is not of Velma, Malloy insists that the detective continue his search. Marlowe returns to Ray to find out why he has lied to him, but the musician is not home. Later, Marlowe meets Marriott and drives his car to the rendezvous. Standing a few feet away from the car, Marlowe is knocked unconscious and when he awakens, he is surrounded by Nulty and police officers who have found Marriott shot dead in the car. Nulty takes Marlowe into police headquarters where he and his partner, Billy Rolfe (Harry Dean Stanton), question him. Grudgingly accepting Marlowe's explanation, Nulty releases him and the detective immediately sets out to learn who killed Marriott. Directed by a "fence" to an underground jewelry store in Chinatown, Marlowe discovers that the only person who can afford the rare jade is elderly city judge Baxter Wilson Grayle (Jim Thompson). Later, at Grayle's elegant mansion, the judge informs Marlowe that his wife is not missing any jewelry. The detective meets the judge's sultry young wife, Helen (Charlotte Rampling), who is wearing an elegant jade necklace. After Helen confides that she trusted Marriott and hopes that Marlowe can find his killer, she blatantly flirts with him in front of Grayle. Disconcerted, Marlowe departs. After returning to his office, Marlowe is attacked and knocked out by Cowboy (Burton Gilliam), Jonnie (Sylvester Stallone) and Nick (Joe Spinell), three henchmen of the infamous madam Frances Amthor (Kate Murtaugh). At Amthor's bordello, Marlowe is drugged and questioned about Malloy's whereabouts. After being beaten, Marlowe is placed in a back room where, upon rousing, he finds the body of Tommy Ray. After Cowboy arrives to take Marlowe to Amthor, the detective escapes and finds Amthor in her office where he demands an explanation for his abduction. Before Amthor can respond, however, they are interrupted by one of the prostitutes reporting that Amthor's favorite girl is in bed with Jonnie. Outraged, Amthor rushes to a nearby room, but when she begins to beat the girl, Jonnie shoots Amthor. In the ensuing mayhem, Marlowe, although still reeling from the effects of the drugs, staggers away. After recovering several days in the apartment of friend and newspaper vendor Georgie (Jimmie Archie), Marlowe visits Mrs. Ray to relay the news of Tommy's death. That night, Helen telephones Marlowe at his office to invite him to a re-election party for her husband at the swank White Orchid club, owned by gambler Laird Brunette (Anthony Zerbe). Meeting Helen at the party later, Marlowe learns that Grayle helped Brunette with a tax situation regarding his yacht and the men have remained on friendly terms. Familiar with Brunette from his days working in the district attorney's office, Marlowe joins Brunette at his table where the gambler gives him $2,000 to help him contact Malloy. The next day, Jessie Florian telephones Marlowe to relay that Velma has been in touch with her and wishes to speak with Malloy. Knowing that Brunette has ordered him followed to find out if he meets Malloy, Marlowe lays low for a few days, then, when contacted by Malloy, arranges with Jessie to have Velma telephone him at Georgie's apartment. Velma asks Malloy to meet her at a rundown motel out of town, but when Malloy and Marlowe arrive there, they are ambushed by two men with machine guns. After Marlowe kills the gunmen, Malloy refuses to accept that he has been set-up by Velma and departs. Marlowe then reports the murders to Nulty, who is angered that Marlowe has continued to keep him from questioning Malloy regarding the Florian's club murder. Hoping to glean more information from Jessie, Marlowe takes Nulty and Rolfe to her apartment, only to discover that she has been murdered. In the present, Marlowe reaches the end of his account to Nulty, admitting that he remains unsure about who is holding Velma, but is certain Malloy would never have gone to the motel had he not actually spoken with her. When Marlowe tells Nulty that he believes Brunette is involved, Nulty refuses to accompany him to the gangster's yacht, the Lido . After Nulty leaves the hotel, Marlowe calls Malloy and the men meet at the pier and hire a speed boat to reach the floating casino. After making their way through the lively gambling parlor, Marlowe comes upon Cowboy and Nick and, at gunpoint, demands to see Brunette. In Brunette's state room, the gambler denies knowing Velma, but moments later Helen appears and Malloy greets her as Velma. Helen assures Malloy that he will receive his cut for taking the fall for the bank robbery years before and orders him to kill Marlowe. When Malloy hesitates, Marlowe points out that those who knew that Helen had once been a prostitute named Velma all ended up dead-Marriott, Ray, Jessie and Amthor. Brunette and Helen acknowledge that Grayle is unaware of his wife's past and Brunette was blackmailing her in order to maintain Grayle's protection. Dismayed to realize that he has been Helen's target all along, Malloy turns on her, but she shoots him and is, in turn, shot by Marlowe. At that moment, Nulty, who has reconsidered abandoning Marlowe, turns up with several officers. Sickened by the sordid entanglements of the case, Marlowe leaves the scene. In the final scene, Marlow, buoyed by one thought, takes the $2,000 from Brunette to Tommy Ray's widow and son.
tt0385639
Horror
A truly unusual shocker about a killer bed that devours its users
tt0078382
Comedy,Music
This film tells several intertwining stories of the patrons and staff of a fictional Los Angeles disco club 'The Zoo' on one long Friday night. The central characters include: Tony Di Marco (Jeff Goldblum) is the owner of The Zoo. Lecherous and promiscuous, he's inordinately fond of his expensive sports car. Bobby Speed (Ray Vitte) is the club's disk jockey who's broadcasting his first live show from the club. Frannie (Valerie Landsburg) and Jeannie (Terri Nunn) are two high school friends who want to win The Zoo's dance contest to buy KISS concert tickets for themselves. Carl (Paul Jabara) and Ken (John Friedrich) are two best friends who frequent the The Zoo. Carl is a hopelessly near-sighted shlub looking for a casual liaison, while Ken is just looking for a girlfriend. Dave (Mark Lonow) and Sue (Andrea Howard) are a young married couple celebrating their fifth wedding anniversary. Jackie (Marya Small) is another woman who frequents The Zoo. She is a dental hygienist by day, and a pink-haired, a drugged-out disco freak by night. Jennifer (Debra Winger) is the klutzy new girl in town who is taken to the disco by her know-it-all friend Maddy (Robin Menken) who's not as sophisticated as she thinks she is. Nicole Sims (Donna Summer) is an aspiring disco singer hoping to make her debut at the Zoo. Marv Gomez (Chick Vennera) is a self-described "leatherman" who lives to dance. Malcolm Floyd (DeWayne Jessie) is the roadie for The Commodores (appearing as themselves), responsible for delivering their instruments to the club by midnight for their appearance. Gus (Chuck Sacci) and Shirley (Hilary Beane) are a mismatched couple on a blind date. Sue insists her uptight accountant husband Dave take her to the disco after having dinner at a local restaurant despite the fact that it is already 10 PM. On a bet with Bobby, Tony tries to pick up Sue when she and Dave walk into the club. Dejected that some other man is flirting with his wife, Dave ends up drugged and renamed "Babbakazoo" by Jackie, and makes a fool of himself. Carl and Ken are repeatedly thwarted in their attempts to meet girls on the dance floor and the bar. Meanwhile, Frannie and Jeannie trick Marv into helping them sneak into the disco after several failed attempts at gaining entry. Elsewhere, Jennifer tries to meet a guy, but Maddy vetoes each of the guys Jennifer is attracted to. Nicole repeatedly attempts to slip into the DJ booth to get Bobby to play her single. Crude garbage collector Gus is horrified that the dating service has matched him with a prim college educated woman, and one who is taller than he is. Floyd gets stopped repeatedly by the police on suspicion of stealing The Commodores' instruments. Back at the club, Marv teaches the uptight Ken how to dance in the parking lot. Maddy ends up ditching Jennifer to attend a hot tub party (with the same sleazy guys who came on to Jennifer). Gus and Shirley decide to give it a try. They leave the disco together. Carl finally meets a girl at the bar, but gets locked in the stairwell before they can leave together. Meanwhile, Floyd finally makes it to the club in time for the Commodores to play but before they go on, Nicole sneaks up on stage and scores a huge triumph singing "Last Dance". Frannie, after tricking Marv's dance partner (Nanci Hammond) into the locked stairwell, enters the dance contest with Marv. Carl and Marv's dance partner end up hooking up in the stairwell. Jennifer and Ken share a romantic dance, as do Nicole and Bobby. Dave finally comes down from his "acid trip" and Sue ditches Tony to return to her husband. As Tony prepares to leave for the night, his parked car, having taken innumerable hits from pretty much every other character's car, falls apart in the parking lot. At the climax, Marv and Frannie win the big dance contest. Deciding that the KISS concert is "kid stuff," Frannie and Jeannie, now self-proclaimed "disco queens," go with Marv to hit another disco for the 1:00 AM dance contest.
tt0070464
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
The film opens with a short fragment outside the plot but clearly related on repeated viewings. Grainy, black-and-white, and silent short, a title "Once Upon a Time" leads to Latino laborers picking coffee beans while armed foremen push rudely between them. One worker pockets a few beans ("Coffee for the Breakfast Table") but is seen by a foreman. He is next seen before a fat Caucasian magistrate who loses some saliva as he removes his cigar only to say "Guilty." The foreman pulls his machete and lays it across the unfortunate laborer's wrists, bound to a wooden block, revealing that he is to lose his hands for the theft of a few beans. The machete lifts, descends, and we see the thief draw back in a silent scream. The scene blacks out, the word NOW appears onscreen and expands quickly to fill it. Mick Travis (Malcolm McDowell) is the most promising new sales recruit at Imperial Coffee, a multinational coffee company and distributing factory located somewhere in the UK. His easy manner and winning smile bring him to the attention of the training manager Miss Rowe (Rachel Roberts). When it is learned that a senior salesman in the company has gone missing, Miss Rowe proposes that Mick be recruited to take over his coveted north-east sales sector. After his first successful sale to a large hotel, Mick is invited by the hotel's manager (Arthur Lowe) to attend a private sex club, where Mick makes many valuable contacts, including high ranking government and police figures. On returning to his lodgings, he is contacted by Imperial Coffee and is informed that his sector will be expanded to include all of Scotland, requiring his immediate departure. A tailor (Ralph Richardson) who occupies an adjacent room, gives Mick a suit of golden material as a parting gift. The tailor gives him the following advice: "Try not to die like a dog." En route to Scotland, Mick becomes lost and finds himself at the gates of a military facility. He is apprehended by a military detachment and, despite his protestations of innocence, is taken into custody. He is briefly interrogated and tortured by two men in plain clothes (Philip Stone and Michael Bangerter) who apparently believe him to be a foreign spy. To avoid further torture, Mick signs a confession and answers several questions relating to his movements as a spy. When a siren sounds, the two interrogators quickly flee the scene, and Mick is shortly after freed from his restraints by a tea-lady (Dandy Nichols). Mick flees the facility as it gradually engulfed by fire. He makes his way back to his car, which is now also in flames. He retrieves his golden suit from the car shortly before it explodes. Mick makes his way through a blasted and burning landscape. When the clothes he is wearing are ruined by a downpour, he changes into his golden suit. After he has done so, he finds himself in an idyllic pastoral landscape and drinks from a fresh-water stream. He discovers a Christian church where a congregation is singing. Hungry and exhausted, he enters the church and collapses in a pew. When he awakes, the church is empty, but a large quantity of fresh produce has been collected at the altar. He is about to feed himself when he is warned by the vicar's wife (Mary MacLeod) that the food is for God. However, she takes pity on him and feeds him from her own breast. His strength renewed, Mick joyously makes his way back to the road, accompanied by two children. When he reaches the motorway, he decides to head back to London. A car stops for him and asks if he would like to make some quick money by participating in a medical experiment. Mick agrees and is taken to a private clinic run by Professor Millar (Graham Crowden), who performs experimental transplant procedures. Millar informs Mick that his physiognomy is of a rare sort that would be of particular value to their research. Whilst awaiting surgery, Mick sneaks from his room and encounters a post-op patient whose head seems to have been transplanted onto the body of a four-legged animal. On seeing this, Mick flees the clinic in terror. He is next picked up by group of musicians in a van. Inside the van, he discovers a young woman, Patricia (Helen Mirren), hidden under a blanket. He immediately falls in love with her and stays with her on his return to London. Over breakfast, Patricia reveals that her father, Sir James Burgess (Ralph Richardson), is a wealthy copper magnate. Mick decides to insinuate his way into Sir James's company on the pretence that has important information to report on his daughter's welfare. During his interview with Sir James, a disgruntled senior employee (Graham Crowden) commits suicide by jumping from Sir James's office window. Sir James's assistant, in attempting to prevent the suicide, also falls to his death, and Mick is immediately recruited to replace him. Mick's first assignment with Sir James is to attend negotiations with Dr. Munda (Arthur Lowe), president of the African nation of Zingara, who is trying to convince Sir James to establish copper mining operations in his country. As part of the negotiation, Munda requests large quantities of a chemical weapon called "honey" to ensure that Sir James's operations will protected from local insurgencies. Mick oversees the delivery of the "honey" by the British Air Force to Zingara. A dinner party is held at Sir James's home to finalise the business transaction with Munda. Mick encounters Patricia receiving a marriage proposal by a pathetic English aristocrat (Michael Medwin). Although Mick is incensed, she informs Mick that she may indeed accept the proposal. Sir James offers Munda a large quantity of gold bullion for the right to set up operations in Zingara, but, since the gold must be exported to Zingara illegally, Sir James organises it so that Mick is framed for the crime involved in its delivery. Mick is arrested at the party and brought to court, where he is found guilty and sentenced to five years imprisonment. The prison system in which Mick is incarcerated prides itself on its compassion and its willingness to attend the spiritual and intellectual rehabilitation of its inmates. At the end of his sentence, Mick expresses that he is fully transformed as a human being. Shortly after his release, he encounters a Salvation Army band and offers a large donation from his own limited funds. The band leader (Philip Stone) initially praises Mick's generous spirit, but condemns him when Mick announces that he no longer believes in "sin", and that he regards humanity as a united brotherhood. The band and their followers fall to their knees to pray for Mick, who otherwise remains upright and walks away. Mick becomes aware of a disturbance in a nearby neighbourhood. When he investigates, he discovers that a local woman, Mrs. Richards (Rachel Roberts), has barricaded herself in her flat, where she is promising to commit suicide. In an attempt to save her, Mick scales the outside wall of her flat and appeals to her through the window. He assures her that she has every reason in the world to continue living, and he recites various inspirational poetic works to convince her to change her mind. Mrs. Richards, however, remains implacable. Mick falls three storeys to the street below. He is awoken several hours later by a policeman who informs him that Mrs. Richards has completed her suicide. Mick next encounters a mobile soup kitchen. Although he is hungry and destitute himself, he does not accept any food, but rather volunteers to assist the proprietor (Vivian Pickles) in her work. The proprietor eagerly accepts Mick's offer and, giving him a large pot of soup and several paper cups, directs him to distribute it to a community of tramps gathered around a bonfire. As he is distributing the soup, he encounters Patricia, now destitute, cradling an unconscious man in her arms. She recognises Mick and informs him that she accepted the marriage proposal, and indicates that the unconscious figure she is cradling is her husband. The rest of the tramps quickly become hostile towards Mick. They disdain his patronising charity and pelt him with stones. The next morning, Mick encounters a man handing out invitations to an open film audition. Mick attends the audition, where he is singled out by the director (Lindsay Anderson). The director asks him to strike a number of poses for a still photographer. However, when the director asks Mick to smile, Mick asks "Why?" and argues that one cannot smile without a reason. The director assaults him in frustration, and Mick struggles to smile with difficulty. Yet, when he finally succeeds in smiling, he is brought to a state of near ecstasy: surrounded by many figures from his own past, happy and reconciled, he dances to upbeat music within a collective brotherhood of humanity.
tt0069865
Action,Crime,Drama
Charley Varrick (Walter Matthau), an innocent looking husband, and his wife plan a small bank robbery in a small bank with a younger friend. But it goes wrong, it turns bloody, the wife dies. Then, wrong again, the amount is far far more than expected. Charley realizes it's the mob's money. They have now the police AND the mob looking for them. The difference is that even if you give the money back to the mob, they kill you... Charley Varrick (Walter Matthau), an innocent looking husband, and his wife plan a small bank robbery in a small bank with a younger friend. But it goes wrong, it turns bloody, the wife dies. Then, wrong again, the amount is far far more than expected. Charley realizes it's the mob's money. They have now the police AND the mob looking for them. The difference is that even if you give the money back to the mob, they kill you...
tt0068230
Horror
The young Dr. Martin goes to a job interview at a psychiatric hospital. Thinking he would meet Dr. Star, he instead meets with his assistant Dr. Rutherford. Dr. Martin is confused until he finds out that Dr. Star can not interview him because he has just gone insane! Dr. Star is now a patient instead of the director. Dr. Rutherford wants Dr. Martin to interview several patients as a test of his competence for the position. Rutherford is behaving oddly but Dr. Martin complies with the test. The first patient is Bonnie and her tale in this anthology is called "Frozen Fear". Bonnie is having an affair with a married man named Walter. His wife, Ruth is aware but is not letting him go. So, Walter takes her to the basement and kills her with his ax and freezes her as he wishes her to rest in pieces. Then he calls Bonnie to tell her that the deed is done. They are going to take a plane and then they decide to take Ruth's frozen pieces along to dispose of them. Oh but there is a problem. Ruth's pieces escape and she gets her revenge by choking Walter to death and her head and other parts send Bonnie over the edge and into the Asylum in a very creepy sequence. Of course Ruth made sure that Bonnie was framed and left scarred forever. The next patient is named Bruno and his tale is the "Weird Taylor" and he tells it to Dr. Martin as he is sewing a garment. Bruno is in danger of being evicted and losing his tailoring business. As his and his wife's fear and stress mount, a stranger (Peter Cushing) arrives, offering a large sum for an unusual job. Bruno works on the suit of strange material, and then delivers it at midnight as instructed to. He travels to the large mansion to find that his customer is broke so they must wait for his son to return for the tailor to be paid. Then Bruno learns that the stranger's son is a corpse and the two begin to fight. Peter Cushing drew a gun and of course was killed, like he is in all of his movies. Bruno returned home after taking a rare book as payment. Bruno's wife puts the suit on a mannequin. When the couple fights over the murder of the stranger, the mannequin comes to life and settles the score. Next the Dr. visits with Barbara and she her story, " Lucy comes to stay". Barbara's brother George, and his assistant Miss Higgins bring her home from the mental hospital and are quite controlling. Then Miss Higgins' mother is ill so she and George leave to see her. Barbara stays home and that is when Lucy appears. The beautiful Lucy greets Barbara and shares her plan. Lucy is adventurous and mischievous and proves that as she cuts the phone lines and manipulates Barbara. Much to Barbara's shocking dismay, Lucy did not just use the shears to cut the lines, but she buried them into George's chest. And Miss Higgins who has just returned, is next. Who was Lucy? Was she a ghost, a villain , or a second personality? You must watch to unravel this one. The last patient is a man that calls himself Baron. He tells the tale of "The Deadly Mannequins". Baron claims to be a Dr. and tells Martin that Rutherford is a liar.Dr. Martin has seen enough and is disgusted with how the hospital is run and how no attempts to bring the patients back is made. As Martin lectures Rutherford, Baron and Dr. Star, unleash a surprising but deadly force to destroy Rutherford. Which Dr. or Drs. meet their doom? The answer is hidden in the absolutely chilling and outstanding conclusion brought to you by Dr. Star! Of course, now Star is ready for his next interviewee.
tt0083254
Comedy
It is 1938, and the USA is still gripped by the Great Depression. A corrugated iron barn surrounded by mud and puddles, in the middle of a fallow field somewhere in Kansas, is serving as a refuge and hostel for a community of the destitute, homeless and unemployed, as well as a post office and bus station. Diminutive Rollo Sweet (Cork Hubbert) enters the barn, goes to the post office grille and asks the Mail Clerk (Bill Lytle) whether anything came for him. Nothing. The man pours cold water on his hopes and dreams of an offer of a job from the Hollywood movie studios. He says if he doesn't get an offer with bus fare to California, he'll mail himself there if he has to. A crowd of other residents crowds around a skeletal wireless receiver, which has its metal chassis with the glowing vacuum tubes naked on the shelf where it sits. It needs a long wire strung all the way up onto the barn roof as an antenna if it is to receive the broadcast from the radio station. Just then, the announcer introduces a broadcast by the President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, but suddenly the sound degrades into noise, and Rollo volunteers to go outside and fix the aerial which he says will have been knocked by the sign falling in the wind. Outside, the little man clambers up on a pile of rubbish to the porch and is stretching up to lash the aerial wire back onto the edge of the corrugated iron roof when the bus arrives and in his excitement he looks round, loses his footing, and tumbles down off the roof landing on the teetering pile of old furniture, motor tyres, and dusty junk. The voice on the radio, however, has been restored. It speaks of Hitler's invasion of Germany's neighbours and just then we are shown the Führer (Theodore Lehmann) who is instructing his diminutive but aggressive secret agent Otto Kriegling (Billy Barty, doing a theatrically strong German accent) on his latest mission. Otto is to go to California, to a certain hotel, to meet up with an agent of the Emperor from Tokyo, whom he will recognize because he will be Japanese and wearing a white suit. The latter will recognize Otto because of his height --- he is 3 feet 9 inches tall (1.14 metres). In addition, the Japanese agent will use as a secret password the unusual statement "The pearl is in the river", which will prove he is the man to whom Otto must hand over a secret map of America's military defense system. Otto departs, confident that nothing can go wrong with these arrangements. The scene switches to the movie studios right across the street from that very hotel, where Annie Clark (Carrie Fisher) is being shown a matte painting of a huge mansion, a money saving photographic effect supposedly being used in Gone With The Wind which is close to completion, by her boss Louie (Jack Kruschen). Louie then tells her she has to look after 150 diminutive actors and extras who are about to arrive in town on Sunday from all over the world, to play the Munchkins in The Wizard of Oz, of which scenes involving them are about to start shooting the following day (the Monday). She is also instructed to make use of the services as her assistant of the boss's very tall nephew Homer (Peter Isacksen), an evidently slightly slow-witted young man who thereafter follows her about for a while. She must also find "a funny dog" (to play Dorothy's dog Toto). The scene changes again to the New York city quayside, where a passenger liner from Europe has just docked. Bruce Thorpe (Chevy Chase) is there to meet an Austrian royal duke (Joseph Maher) who has, since the ship sailed from England, enjoyed the protection of Inspector Collins (Anthony Gordon) of Scotland Yard. Thorpe is with the US government Secret Service and is to continue personal protection for the Duke and Duchess (Eve Arden). He shows his badge to the ship's officer on the gangplank and gets aboard to meet his charges. A sinister looking man following him is turned back. A considerable number of very small people are going ashore from the liner and heading for the same transcontinental railway station. Typical for an American, Thorpe has no idea of the correct form of address for European aristocracy, and ranges through a variety of forms without ever lighting upon "Your Grace", the correct way to address a Duke. He quickly discovers that the Duke lives in permanent dread of assassination, although Thorpe tries to assure him that the likelihood of it happening in America is slight. To prevent it, the Duke continually dons a series of childish disguises such as spectacles attached to a false nose and mustache. His other preoccupation in life is preserving his wife's companion, a dog which she calls "Strudl". But Strudl is forever coming to grief in one way or another. Fortunately the Duchess has extremely poor eyesight, but refuses to wear her spectacles, so that she believes that almost any dog of roughly the right size and colouring is her beloved pet. The Duke tells Thorpe that a dozen of these animals have already died in one way or another without her noticing, the first by assassination: the Duke's father fell on the dog and killed it when he was assassinated. On the train across America, we catch sight of the sinister man, the Assassin (Robert Donner), but he never gets a shot at the Duke. However the dog Strudl is accidentally shot by the Duke when he shows Thorpe his own pistol, and Thorpe has to help the Duke find a replacement. They achieve this by bribing the conductor to leave them alone in the baggage car, where they find an unattended item of live canine cargo and rush back to the Duchess with the poor pooch, to assure her that her pet is still alive and well. As they leave the baggage car, Rollo cuts his way out of a mail bag with a pocket knife ready to escape from the train at its destination. All make it across the continent and duly alight in Los Angeles. Annie Clark is at the station to meet some of her diminutive charges as they get off the train. She bumps into Bruce Thorpe in the huge shady station building and her good looks get his attention --- for a moment. Rollo runs from the Los Angeles railway terminus with a ticket collector in pursuit, but hides himself among other small people, and gladly joins them when invited to get his first job in movies playing a Munchkin with them. Thorpe has booked the entire top floor of the Culver Hotel, which he thinks will be quiet and thus a safe retreat for his aristocratic charges. We are now taken inside the foyer of the Hotel, where the Telephone Operator Miss Enwright (Louisa Moritz) is taking a call from Homer across the street at the movie studios. Homer wants to book accommodation for 150 small people at the hotel. The girl writes this down, but then has her head turned by her boss, Lester Hudson (Richard Stahl), who invites her away for a trip with him to a hotel managers' convention (a likely story). This trip has the double effect first, of turning her head so much that she completely forgets to book the 150 small guests, and second, of leaving the hotel in the hands of the boss's nephew Henry Hudson (Adam Arkin) to whom he makes cleared he will be not only fired but disinherited if he screws up the job of minding the hotel while he is away. Henry, thinking he has an almost empty hotel to manage and that he must impress his uncle by filling it with guests, now has a banner strung across the front of the building renaming it "The Hotel Rainbow." He has a very limited staff at his disposal: a very elderly man dressed as a bell boy, a lift operator called Otis (Freeman King), and a very tall house detective called Tiny (the 6ft 7in Pat McCormick) who has a brown bowler hat and a drinking problem. Agent Bruce Thorpe arrives with the Duke and Duchess, and the dog, and they move into the top floor. Meanwhile an entire busload of Japanese gentlemen tourists arrive, all wearing white suits, and temporary manager Henry Hudson welcomes them to the hotel, still unaware of the imminent Munchkin contingent. (The bus has on its side the legend "JAPS -- the Japanese Amateur Photography Society".) Agent Otto Kriegling now arrives and strides into the hotel. He immediately realizes he has a problem: he is appalled to see twenty Japanese men in white suits, has no idea which of them is his oriental contact, and says at once, very loudly, "The pearl is in the river". However, after glancing round at him the tourists ignore this and return to taking photos of everything in sight in the hotel foyer, including the mail box and the postcards in the rack at the desk and a tire that fell off a bus. At this moment the Munchkin contingent arrives outside, heads in through the doors, along with Annie Clark and Homer, so that it dawns on Henry that he doesn't have enough room for all these small people as well as for the two dozen Japanese men in white suits so long as the top floor is taken by just three people. Now Annie begs Bruce to let some of her little people use top floor rooms; but he declines, trying to be both suave and authoritative, chivalrous but firm, believing that the Duke's safety depends on isolation. Otto is quickly caught up among the little people in the hotel foyer. The real Japanese secret agent Nakomuri (Mako) now arrives and immediately realizes that he has a problem: he has no idea which of the many dozen little people in and around the hotel is his Nazi contact. Day moves to night, and the hotel restaurant is full of oriental men in white suits, and little people, all having dinner. One tourist who speaks English has made friends with Annie and borrowed a Wizard of Oz script, which is on his table in front of him to read while he has his dinner. At the next table sit the Duke and Duchess, and the dog Strudl, which is enjoying a plate of paté de foie gras. The assassin lurks in a corner. Otto scans the room for a clue as to which Japanese is his contact. Something startles the Duchess and a large pearl comes loose from her antique necklace and, thrown through the air, lands in the dog's food. The helpful tourist looks up from Annie's script, notices the Duchess in distress at losing her pearl, and says loudly "The pearl is in the liver" ... except that, with the stereotypical Japanese phonetic error, he says not "liver" but "river" and this is clearly heard not only by the Duchess (who retrieves her pearl) but by Otto who assumes he has found his contact and, going over to the tourist's table, slips the military map between the pages of the Wizard of Oz script, which is then given back to Annie. Still in the dining room, the assassin attempts to shoot the Duke but instead kills the tourist who read Annie's script. During the evening, a couple more of the Duchess's dogs are killed by one means or another and the Duke and Bruce Thorpe replace them at the local pet store. Bruce comments that the latest one had better not be killed because the store only has sheep left --- the Duchess's eyesight is evidently not quite that bad. The little people go off across the road to get Munchkin costumes and makeup done overnight, ready for an early start shooting Wizard of Oz scenes, but when they return all ready, of course they cannot go to bed in costume and makeup, so they stay up, get drunk, and then run riot in the hotel. There are many sight gags of what the little people are getting up to in the kitchens, in the hotel foyer, around its staircase, balcony, chandelier, and tormenting the already distraught Henry Hudson. Otto and Nakomuri meet, and realize the map is in unaware Annie's possession so they go after her. Then Homer sees Otto and carries him bodily off to the studio costume & makeup shop from where he returns dressed and bewigged like the other small people. He takes up his pursuit of Annie, searches her room without finding the map, then corners her in the hotel kitchens but is taken on by Rollo, all in his own Munchkin costume which just happens to be identical to Otto's. Annie gets shut in the walk-in freezer room. Bruce comes to rescue her but lets the door shut so they are both trapped, and they cuddle up to keep warm -- the beginning of romance. Bruce sees two dead Japanese in white suits hanging with the meat. Rollo lets Bruce and Annie out, and the fight goes on as Rollo rouses all the Munchkins to help pursue Otto. Finally Otto and Nakomuri corner Annie, Bruce, the Duke and the Duchess in a hotel room, but then the Assassin has also caught up with the Duke at last. He explains that his father tried to assassinate the Duke's father at the outbreak of the First World War, but that he missed the bus, so it has been his own life's destiny to avenge his father's failure and assassinate the present Duke instead. However, as he produces his gun, Nakomuri points his own special lethal camera at the Assassin and the two shoot each other dead. Otto is now alone. He throws the dog out as a distraction, and points his sword at Annie's throat demanding to have the map, whereupon Bruce tells Otto that the map is hidden in a locket on the Duchess's dog's collar. As day breaks, Otto runs out of the hotel front door after the dog, which runs across the sunny street onto the movie studio lot where it, Otto, and the pursuing crowd of Munchkin actors disrupt sound stages shooting scenes for a western, Gone With The Wind (Otto joins the dog under Scarlett's crinoline and an off-camera Clark Gable tells the director he should keep it in the picture), then Otto gets the locket and tries to get away in a vintage bus, and Rollo chases him with a horse-drawn carriage. It looks as though all will be well. Then Rollo wakes up. We get a proper look at the other people in the corrugated iron barn hostel in Kansas, and notice that among them are the faces of Bruce and Annie (who are engaged to be married), the Duke and Duchess, and the Assassin. We are led to realize that the whole story has been Rollo's dream, rather as the adventure of the Yellow Brick Road and Oz was Dorothy's dream, with its characters wearing the faces of people she knew. And it seems an offer of work in movies has finally arrived for Rollo, and all his friends at the hostel wish him well, as they put him on yet another bus that pulls up then and is headed west for Hollywood. It is full of little people and, when the door opens, a bald little man welcomes Rollo aboard and introduces himself as an actors' agent for little people who will look after him. Rollo recognizes his face; it's that of Otto Kriegling... but the voice is All American, not German.
tt0079550
Action,Drama,Sci-Fi
A collision between a comet and an asteroid named Orpheus takes place. Now the meteor Orpheus, which is five miles wide, is on a collision course with Earth. While the United States government and military engage in political maneuvering, other smaller and faster moving fragments rain down on Earth. The major plot point involves secret orbiting nuclear missile platforms, one put up by Dr. Bradley's (Connery) team for the U.S., named Hercules and another constructed by his counterpart in the Soviet Union, nicknamed Peter the Great by Dubov. The American president (Fonda) is advised by military leaders against admitting the existence of Hercules, at the same time the Soviets are reluctant to admit to the existence of its orbital weapons. The President goes on national television and reveals the existence of Hercules, explaining it as a foresighted project to meet the threat that Orpheus represents. He also offers the Soviets a chance to save face and join in by saying they had the same foresight and have their own. Bradley requested a scientist named Dr. Alexei Dubov (Keith) to help him plan a countereffort against Orpheus. Bradley and Sherwood have already arrived at the control center for Hercules, which is located beneath the Sony Building (then called the AT&T Building) in downtown New York. Major-General Adlon (Landau) is the commander of the facility. Dubov and his assistant (and English voice) Tatiana Donskaya (Natalie Wood) arrive and Bradley works at breaking the ice of distrust held by Hercules commander Adlon. Since Dubov cannot admit the existence of the Soviet device, he agrees to Bradley's proposal that they work on the "theoretical" application of how a "theoretical" Soviet platform's weapons would be coordinated with the American ones. Meanwhile, further fragments of the meteor affect the Earth. The Soviets finally admit that they have the device and are willing to join in the effort. The satellite, christened Peter the Great by the joint US-Soviet team working at Hercules control, and Hercules are turned around to aim into space. On Sunday morning, Peter the Great's missiles are fired off because of its position along the orbit, Hercules is fired 40 minutes later. Hercules is launched, and a moment later, New York is wiped out by a fragment of the meteor (one scene shows the World Trade Center destroyed in a giant fireball). Several workers inside the control center are killed when the facility is partially destroyed. The survivors slowly work their way out of what has become a trap, dealing with the East River breaking into the tunnels. Meanwhile, the two sets of missiles are linking up into three waves of mixed nationality. The Hercules crew reach a subway station filled with other people and wait while others try to dig out. The radio stations broadcast news of the result: Orpheus has been either obliterated or shifted to a harmless trajectory. Just then, the subway station occupants are rescued. Later, the scene switches to an airport with a Soviet flag and an American flag on a hanger door. from here, Dubov and Tatiana say goodbye to Bradley and others, then they board a plane with the Soviet star and it takes off for Russia.[
tt0079489
Comedy
Dracula [George Hamilton] and Renfield [Arte Johnson] come to Manhatten (his Translyvanian castle having been sold for back taxes) in search of fashion model Cindy Sondheim {Susan Saint James], whom Dracula believes to be the reincarnation of his lover Mina Harker. But NY isn't easy for vampires. There's nowhere for him to get "a bite to drink", and Cindy is impossible to get near until Renfield manages to secure the address of the club she patronizes. Dracula finally meets Cindy and they go to her house, where he bites her once. All he must do is bite her twice more, and she will become his. But Cindy doesn't want commitment, just sex, and she consults her friend and shrink Jeffrey Rosenberg [Richard Benjamin], grandson of Fritz Van Helsing of vampire fame. Rosenberg discovers Dracula is a vampire and tries to end the relationship between him and Cindy. Too late. Cindy's in love, too. When things get too hot, Dracula and Cindy decide to go to England, but they encounter trouble at the airport, and Rosenberg is on their heels. Will Cindy consent to the third bite so she and Dracula can fly out together? Cindy could never get her "s**t" together before 7 pm anyway. Being vampire can't be that bad.
tt0093638
Crime,Drama,Thriller
When an undercover detective is gunned down while investigating a string of Porsche thefts, Lieutenant Vincent Bracey (Randy Quaid) assigns 22-year-old San Diego officer Benjamin "Benjy" Taylor (D. B. Sweeney) to infiltrate a Porsche garage suspected to be a front for the grand theft auto scheme. Benjy is chosen because of his extensive mechanical knowledge of German cars and his rookie status, which dissuades others from suspecting that he is a cop. Bracey wants Benjy to obtain evidence that millionaire playboy Ted Varrick (Charlie Sheen) is the mastermind behind the thefts and the murder of the detective. Using the alias "Billy Ayles", Benjy moves to Los Angeles and gets a job at Technique Porsche as a mechanic. After Benjy fixes Ted's Porsche one night, the two men become close friends, and Benjy becomes romantically attached to Ted's sister Ann (Lara Harris). Benjy also discovers the presence of a rival syndicate led by Frank Martin (R. D. Call), which leads him to believe that Ted is not the prime suspect despite Bracey's insistence. Eventually, Ted brings Benjy into his side business of stealing Porsches, with garage manager Malcolm (Bill Duke) coordinating the operations. Benjy's first few attempts at stealing cars fail miserably, with Martin's syndicate catching on and slashing his hand as a warning. While doing a job at the mall, Benjy and Ted are confronted by Martin's thugs, but they manage to lose them in a lengthy car chase. The next day, Ted goes to Technique Porsche and finds Malcolm has been murdered. In retaliation, he kills Frank at a night club. During a phone conversation at a party, corrupt police Lieutenant Curtis Loos (Arlen Dean Snyder) - who was hired by Ted to take out the detective in the film's opening - tells Ted about Benjy's real identity. The next night, Ted has Benjy meet Loos at a warehouse for a payoff. When Loos tries to kill Benjy, Ted runs him over to save his friend. Later, Benjy stops at Bracey's house to inform him of what happened with Loos, and accuses Bracey of conspiring with him. Bracey kicks Benjy out, but tells him to call in the morning so they can work things out. Benji drives off, unaware that Ted was nearby, spying on him. The next day, Benjy's cover is blown in front of Ann when his uncle Michael (Philip Benichou) pays him a visit at his apartment. He goes to Bracey's house, only to find that Ted has murdered him. Ted is preparing to flee the country when Benjy convinces him to meet up at the mall, where he tries to arrest Ted for the murders. Ted refuses to go quietly and a gunfight breaks out; Benjy is wounded, but manages to shoot and kill Ted.
tt0089200
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
At a satanic ceremony, a baby named Jonathan Graves is about to be sacrificed by his glowing-eyed father, Malcolm (Michael Des Barres). Jonathan's mother, Anastasia (Victoria Catlin), rescues the child and puts an amulet around his neck that produces an electric shock when Malcolm touches the boy. Malcolm orders a participant named Wolfgang (Jack Nance) to take the child away, and sacrifices Anastasia instead. Many years later, Jonathan (Peter Liapai), who was raised by Wolfgang, inherits his unknown father's estate. Wolfgang believes the evil curse has died along with Malcolm, and reveals nothing to Jonathan about his parents. While Jonathan and his girl friend Rebecca (Lisa Pelikan) tour the grounds, they stumble upon Malcolm's grave, and Jonathan introduces Rebecca to the mysterious Wolfgang. In the house, Rebecca finds several books on magic and discovers a basement full of occult paraphernalia. Later, the couple throws a party in their new home, and invites their wild friends. For fun, Jonathan recruits his friends to perform a ritual, and he instinctively draws an occult diagram, and recites a conjuring spell from a book. When nothing happens, everyone leaves the basement to search for their missing friend, Robin. Elsewhere, Wolfgang awakens in alarm, as a mysterious creature materializes in the basement. Robin is later found roaming the grounds, and strange things begin occurring throughout the estate. Soon after the party ends, Jonathan tells Rebecca of his decision to quit college and work on the estate instead, and Rebecca expresses her concern. Jonathan begins fixing up the house, and is soon lured by the spirit of his evil father to perform satanic rituals. He later forges a gold medallion, and gives the "talisman" to Rebecca for protection. When Jonathan refuses to eat, explaining that he is fasting, Rebecca's concern grows. After performing another conjuring spell, Jonathan brings forth several evil creatures called ghoulies, and proclaims himself their "master." He then demands that they hide their existence from everyone but him. In time, Jonathan dons a ceremonial robe, and with glowing green eyes, summons more dark power. When Rebecca enters, she is surprised to see Jonathan's activities. He explains that he is trying to learn about the parents he never knew, and promises to stop his strange behavior. Later, as the couple make love, the ghoulies sneak under the bed and create an occult diagram, prompting Jonathan to chant in another language. Rebecca is furious that Jonathan's dark activities are continuing, and she leaves him. Sometime later, Jonathan conjures two dwarfs named Grizzel (Peter Risch) and Greedigut (Tamara De Treaux), and he demands that they serve him. The dwarfs promise to give him everything he desires including infinite power and knowledge, and the return of his lover, Rebecca. They explain that he must perform a dangerous ritual, with seven others, to obtain the knowledge and power he craves. Rebecca later returns and asks Jonathan to leave the house, but he refuses. When Jonathan reveals his glowing eyes to Rebecca, she attempts to flee. However, the dwarfs cast a spell on the girl, causing her to return to Jonathan's side. Meanwhile, Wolfgang is aware of the dark magic that is ensuing, but claims to be powerless against it. On the night of a full moon, Jonathan gathers his seven friends for a dinner party, and soon puts them under a spell so they will participate in the "master ritual." As Jonathan begins chanting, outside, his father, Malcolm, stirs in his grave. After the ceremony, Jonathan's friends, who are oblivious to the ritual, are invited to spend the night. The zombie-like Malcolm rises from his grave and proclaims himself master of the ghoulies. While frolicking on the grounds, friends Donna and Mark "Toad Boy" are attacked by the ghoulies. When Malcolm enters the house, he takes the form of a woman, and lures a young man named Dick to him, then kills the boy. Meanwhile, Jonathan apologizes to Rebecca, before breaking her spell by placing the talisman around her neck. Before Rebecca can react, she falls into a deep sleep. Elsewhere, the ghoulies attack Eddie and Robin. When Rebecca later awakens, she sees Jonathan in a trance-like state, and runs away. After removing her medallion, she is attacked by ghoulies, and falls down a flight of stairs. Jonathan is horrified to find his lover dead, and attempts to use his powers to resurrect Rebecca. In the basement, Jonathan discovers his possessed friends, and Malcolm enters, claiming to be their master. As father and son battle, Malcolm tries to capture his son's youth. While Jonathan chants a spell, Malcolm raises Rebecca from the dead, as a distraction for Jonathan. Grizzel and Greedigut, standing at Malcolm's side, alert Jonathan to the trap. Malcolm continues his efforts to steal his son's life, and Wolfgang arrives, using his own magical powers to fight Malcolm. As the house begins to crumble, Wolfgang defeats Malcolm, and they both disappear. Jonathan revives his friends. They emerge into the daylight, and drive away from the house. Riding with Jonathan and Rebecca, their friend, Mike, asks "what happened?" Jonathan assures him that it is all over, but Mike is alarmed when ghoulies appear behind him.
tt0114863
Drama,War
In "Ulysses' Gaze" ("To Vlemma Tou Odyssea," 1995), a Greek-American filmmaker, not named in the film, and only referred to as "A" in the script, is on a quest to find three lost reels of undeveloped film, the first ever produced in Greece, from around 1905. These films are in fact the first cinematographic record, the first "gaze" in the philosophical sense, into the soul of the region. As the title implies, the story will take the form of an odyssey that begins in Greece and continues through Albania (the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, known to the Greeks as the Republic of Skopje), Bulgaria, Rumania, Serbia, and finally Bosnia. The film opens with an old black and white silent film that shows some village women weaving. In a voice-over, Harvey Keitel comments, "Weavers in Avdella, a Greek Village, 1905, the first film made by the brothers Miltiades and Yannakis Manakis, [who filmed] all the ambiguities, the contrasts, the conflicts in this area of the world." For those of you who would watch "Ulysses' Gaze" only to find out if these three films ever existed, you now know the answer, and you don't have to watch to the end. But if you follow the advice of the Greek poet C. P. Cavafi, in his poem "Ithaca" (1911): "When you start on your journey to Ithaca, / then pray that the road is long, / full of adventure, full of knowledge", then you will enjoy the next 180 minutes of the journey. Following this antique piece of film showing the weaving village women, and before the opening titles, we see a small masterpiece of a scene, as only Angelopoulos can produce. An old man, standing on a quay, is getting his old-type camera ready to film a sailing ship coming out of the harbor of Salonika. The old man is Yannakis Manakis, and the scene, which took place in 1954, is recounted to "A" out of the camera's field of view by an old man who had been Manakis's assistant at that time. The assistant is not shown as he would have been at the time, but as he is today. While we watch Manakis finish preparing his camera and his assistant standing behind him recounting the event, the films takes on color. As the blue ship appears on the right side of the screen, Manakis is struck by a heart attack and collapses in a chair. The assistant walks toward the right of the screen, all the while continuing with his story. The camera scans to the right, and we discover "A" standing. "A" walks leftward, passing the point where we had just seen Manakis and his camera, but they are no longer there. We continue following "A" walking to the left, until the blue ship reappears in the field of view. The camera now follows the ship, slowly zooming in, until the ship stands still and fills the screen. Eventually, the camera stops tracking the ship and it disappears to the left. We are contemplating a blue-grey sea that dissolves into a sky of the same color. In his long shot, Angelopoulos has covered sixty years, and set the tone for the whole journey. As the film begins, "A" (Harvey Keitel) has arrived in a rainy Florina, a town in northern Greece, where one of his films is to be shown. The film is somehow controversial, and religious fanatics plan to demonstrate against its screening. One of the screening organizers advises "A" to leave town for his own safety. As "A" is about to enter a taxi, a woman (Maia Morgenstern) in her thirties passes him by and "A," apparently stunned, follows her, muttering to himself: "I did not expect you here." She disappears between the groups of demonstrators and counter-demonstrators who face each other. Morgenstern, who plays the roles of four different women in the film, is "A's" old love whom he left years ago, and therefore, a Penelope figure. The two groups rush toward each other, but the resulting confrontation is left unseen. Cut to a dreary winter day, with snow on the ground. "A" arrives at an Albanian border crossing in a taxi. While the taxi driver (Thanassis Vengos) tends to the police formalities, "A" notices an older lady (Dora Volanaki) with a suitcase standing nearby. "A" walks toward her, and she asks if he could give her a lift to a town over the border. She plans to visit her sister, whom she has not seen for forty-five years. "A" agrees and helps her into the taxi. Just then, a group of people arrives in a bus: they are illegal Albanian immigrants who were rounded up by the Greek police and are being return to their home country. As "A's" taxi proceeds across the Albanian side of the border, we see all along the road, in a desolate and gloomy snowy landscape, hundreds of Albanians standing like statues, waiting for a chance to sneak into Greece. The taxi reaches the town of Korytsa, stops in the middle of an empty square, and "A" helps the lady out. The taxi leaves, and a tracking-back long shot reveals the isolation and desolation of the town. The taxi continues toward the Macedonian border, but it has to stop because of snow on the road. The friendly taxi driver sensibly decides against a perilous crossing, and settles down, waiting for the snow to be cleared. He engages "A" in a conversation while listening to Greek music and drinking. He says, "Greece is dying.We are dying as a people," reflecting on the present situation of Greece and its people. "A" arrives, apparently on a bus in Monastiri, in the Republic of Skopje. He is looking for the original home of the Manakis brothers. He stands in front of the door, and the film dissolves into old black and white footage made around 1956 by the Manakis brothers. The house is now a museum, and "A" enters. Inside, he briefly meets with a young lady (Maia Morgenstern), who gives him the cold shoulder. Later that evening, on the train to Skopje, "A" meets her again. He explains in detail his journey's purpose, and we learn that the young woman's name is Kali, which stands for Calypso, the goddess who held Ulysses captive for seven years on her island, Ogygia.. Kali tells "A" that the Manakis' films are not in the Skopje film archives. In Skopje, "A" is continuing on by train to Bulgaria and Kali is on the platform. "A" recounts to her an event he witnessed two years earlier on the island of Delos. The train has started leaving the station and is picking up speed. Kali is running on the platform alongside the train, fascinated by "A's" story. Finally, "A" grabs her and pulls her aboard. He continues his story, and Kali is so moved by it that she does not resist "A's" passionate embrace. She will now share "A's" journey. The train pulls in the station at the border. "A" and Kali are asked to step down -- apparently, there is something wrong with "A's" passport. Past and present mix once more: the train station alters and "A" finds himself being interrogated by an official dressed in turn-of-the-century clothing. "A" is now being addressed as if he were Yannakis Manakis. He is accused of sedition against the state of Bulgaria.. Although "A" protests that he does not understand, he is blindfolded and taken before a firing squad. At the last moment, a messenger arrives: King Ferdinand of Bulgaria has commuted Yannakis Manakis' sentence to exile until the war (The Balkan war of 1912-13) is over. "A" is reunited with Kali outside the contemporary police station. They board another train for Bucharest. As they step off the train, a young women (Mania Papadimitriou) in 1940's dress comes and addresses "A" as if he were a child. "A," in turn, calls her "Mother," and he apologizes for missing her funeral. Once more, we find ourselves in a time-warp, where "A" has returned to "his" childhood. They board a bus that takes them to their old home in Kostantza, on the Black Sea. They enter the house, where all of "A's" deceased "relatives" are dancing. He greets each one in turn, as a well-mannered child would. A man in rags appears in the room: it is his "father" returning from prison. The celebration of the father's return and of the New Year begins. We are in 1945, and there has been a temporary switch in the roles: "A," as Telemachus, is greeting the return of his "father," Ulysses. This is a familiar style that Angelopoulos has used in "The Travelling Players," where this single scene, lasting some fifteen minutes in one continuous shot, covers five years as the characters waltz through the 1948 arrest of an uncle, to the 1950 New Year's Eve celebration, when the family is finally allowed to return to Greece. Through this scene, we now understand that "A's" memory has now merged with that of the Manakis' brothers. "A" awakens in a contemporary hotel in Kostantza, with Kali at his side. They go to the harbor, where a huge statue of Lenin is being loaded on a barge, in preparation for traveling up the Danube to Germany. A tearful "A" tells Kali, "I cannot love you," just as Homer's Ulysses tells Calypso upon leaving her. "A" climbs aboard the barge, leaving a bewildered Kali on the quay. As the barge proceeds up the Danube River, groups of people on the riverbank stand in awe, many crossing themselves. This long traveling shot, accompanied by ethereal music, reminds us of the taxi ride in Albania. Toward the end of this shot, Arvanitis' camera, as if looking into Lenin's soul, circles slowly around the broken head of the statue, as a meditation on a ruin of the past. Arriving in Belgrade, "A" is met by his old friend, Nikos (Giogos Michalakopoulos) who, paraphrasing Angelopoulos' favorite poet, George Seferis, greats him with, "When God created the World, the first thing he made were journeys." To which "A" answers, "and then came doubt and nostalgia." They go to an old people's home, where they meet with an old man who was once in charge of the Belgrade Film Archives. The old man says that the Menakis' films are now with one of his friends at the Sarajevo Film Archives. Nikos and "A" end up in a café, drinking to the memories of old friends, and continue their voyage into nostalgia while drinking in the street. Obviously, Belgrade has become Ulysses' descent into Hades in the Odyssey, where he went to meet old friends and get instructions to complete his journey. "A" decides that despite the danger, he must go to Sarajevo. Nikos tells him to follow one of the many rivers which lead to it. Night time. "A," asleep in an old shack, is being awakened by a young lady (Maia Morgenstern, yet again). They are in Philipoupolis, Bulgaria, and the year is 1915. Morgenstern now assumes the role of Homer's Circe, the sorceress. She leads "A" to the river, and they escape in a small boat. The next scene shows them on a bright morning, floating down the river. The couple eventually lands on the shore of a village in ruins, and they walk to a particular house, which used to be the woman's. The house, gutted by a conflagration, is in ruins. The woman, grief-stricken, desperately calls out, "Vania!" the name of her husband, who must have perished during the village's destruction. In the debris, "A" finds a picture frame with a turn-of-the-century wedding picture, which most likely is that of the woman and Vania. In a somewhat surrealist scene, a table with a white tablecloth has been set up in the midst of the rubble, and it is there in the evening where "A" and his companion have dinner. In the background, the rumble of guns and sharp explosions can be heard. When "A" wakes up, he is naked. He wraps himself in a blanket, walks outside, and sees the woman washing his clothes. She comes back to the house and gives him some of her husband's clothes. The woman goes to the river and demolishes the boat with an axe, obviously in order to hold "A" captive, as Circe also tried to do with Ulysses. She returns to the house, and seeing "A" dressed up in her husband's clothes, pulls him to the floor and makes passionate love to him. In the next scene, in the darkness, "A" has escaped Circe. He is drifting down the river in a small boat. At dawn, he arrives in Sarajevo. He eventually finds his way to the Film Archives, where he meets a young boy who takes him to an underground market to meet the Archives curator, a Jewish man by the name of Ivo Levy (Erland Josephson). They walk back to the gutted Film Archives building, each carrying containers of water. The siege of Sarajevo has been going on for some time, and the whole town is in ruins, its infrastructure destroyed. People risk their lives daily while fetching water at some of the still functioning water fountains, braving the bullets of Serbian snipers. Running back to the Film Archives, "A" explains to Levy the purpose of his coming to Sarajevo. Levy does have the three films and has tried repeatedly to find the correct chemical formula to develop them, but to no avail. . However, impressed by "A's" courage and determination, Levy says, "You must have great faith, or is it despair?" and agrees to try one more time. At the Film Archives, "A" goes to sleep and when he awakens, he meets a young woman, Levy's daughter, Noami (<i> Maia Morgenstern in her fourth role), a contemporary Nausicaa;. "A" is obviously struck by Noami's familiar face. By now, we understand that "A" has projected his past lovers in every woman he meets. Noami leaves, and "A," looking around, sees that Levy has already started to get the lab working again. Later that night, Levy wakes up "A" and brings him to his lab where the development of a roll of film is in progress. At last, Levy is successful. "A" and the archivist are overwhelmed with joy and they embrace: after almost 100 years of being captive, an image of Greece from the turn of the century has at last been set free. The whole place is now flooded with fog. Levy explains that this is a welcome time for the inhabitants of Sarajevo: because of the fog, the Serbian snipers cannot operate, and the population is free to come outside their shelter and enjoy the open air. As "A" and Levy walk past a cemetery, we see some people taking advantage of the lull to bury their dead, Moslem and Orthodox Christians alike. The two friends come across an orchestra playing in a small square. Levy explains that it is made up of young Muslim, Croat, and Serb musicians. There is also a small production of "Romeo and Juliet" going on. Further on, some couples are dancing to a rock tune. Out of the fog, Naomi appears and invites "A" to dance. The music changes to a 1950s tune, and Naomi has now become the Penelope whom "A" had left behind in Florina, long time ago. Levy's family joins the trio and they walk together in the fog toward the river, with Levy and "A" straggling behind. Suddenly, there is a noise of a car stopping, doors slamming, and men's voices. Levy tells "A" to stay put and runs in the fog to rejoin the rest of the family. We hear Naomi's cry of, "not the children!" as gun shots are followed by splashes as bodies are dumped into the water. The car leaves and there is total, eerie silence. Throughout, we stare at the fog, only able to guess at the events that have just occurred. As always, Angelopoulos lets us contemplate the meaning of violence, rather than actually showing it. "A" runs to the spot of the massacre where he first finds Levy dead in the snow, and then Naomi. He embraces her, embracing at the same time all the women he has loved and lost. In helpless rage and anger, he releases several heart-wrenching screams. He returns slowly to the Film Archives, passing once more by the still-playing orchestra. The final scene shows a blank projection screen where a film has just been shown, most likely one of the Manakis' films. Then, a close-up shot of "A," followed by a zoom backward, as he speaks Ulysses' lines to Penelope, "When I return, it will be with another man's clothes" "A" has reached his Ithaca, but his odyssey may not be over yet, as he is now looking toward another Ithaca.
tt0091939
Comedy,Romance
The following written prologue appears in opening credits: "Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board. For some they come in with the tide. For others they sail forever on the horizon, never out of sight, never landing until the watcher turns his eyes away in resignation, his dreams mocked to death by time. That is the life of men. Now, women forget all those things they don't want to remember and remember everything they don't want to forget. The dream is the truth. Then they act and do things accordingly." - Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God. " In Brooklyn, New York, graphic artist Nola Darling (Tracy Camilla Johns) juggles several lovers, believing this to be normal behavior. She makes love to her boyfriend, Jamie Overstreet (Tommy Redmond Hicks), surrounded by candles. Her former roommate, Clorinda Bradford (Joie Lee), moved out because on weekends she would find Nola's many boyfriends in the bathroom. Nola avoids forming attachments with "dogs," men with crude pick-up lines, who believe that a relationship begins and ends with sex. Jamie's charm is what first attracted her. Another lover, "Mars" Blackmon (Spike Lee), is a bicycle messenger with an arrow design sculpted into the back of his head. When Nola invites him to her apartment for the first time, he suggests they could be roommates, but Nola is not interested. Jamie knows about her other men, but he is bothered the most by her relationship with a lesbian named Opal Gilstrap (Raye Dowell). However, Nola assures him that Opal is not a lover. When Nola comes down with a cold, Opal fixes her tea and teases that she has potential as a lesbian. She suggests that Nola try same-sex love sometime. Jamie brings Nola groceries and asks Opal to leave even though Nola likes having her around. Another lover, Greer Childs (John Terrell), claims to be the best thing to ever happen to Nola, and takes credit for molding her into a "sophisticated lady." On a dinner date, Greer insists he is all that Nola needs, and that Jamie and Mars are buffoons. Later, Greer is chosen to be on the cover of the magazine Gentleman's Quarterly, and proposes marriage. Nola dismisses the idea, disrobes, and invites Greer to make love. Nola's musician father, Sonny Darling (Bill Lee), notes that Nola was an only child who had many interests, but never stuck with anything for too long. Nola regrets being an only child, and plans to have a family with five sons. For Nola's birthday, Jamie arranges a surprise at a nearby park. He decorates a stone monument, and hires two modern dancers to enact a lovers' picnic to a song composed in her honor. Later, they go to bed surrounded by candles. When Mars telephones late at night to wish her a happy birthday and wants to see her, Nola declines. After she hangs up, Jamie asks why she is attracted to Mars, but she does not respond. Mars makes Nola laugh but she believes he is in love with her lovemaking, not with her. Mars wonders what she sees in Jamie and Greer. Jamie reaches a breaking point when Nola refuses to commit to him exclusively. Later, Greer accuses her of being a sex addict, and suggests that she see a therapist. When Nola sees sex therapist Dr. Jamison (Epatha Merkinson), he concludes that she has a healthy sex drive and is not an addict. In time, Nola cooks Thanksgiving dinner and invites all three of her lovers. They proceed to insult each other. Mars accuses Greer of being a Celtics fan, and proposes that he and Jamie do a 60-40 split each week to share time with Nola. When Mars admits he does not like to play Scrabble, Greer comments it is because he does not have the intelligence for it. Nola is annoyed with their fighting, and announces that she is going to bed. As Jamie and Nola cuddle, Greer and Mars leave. Nola wakes from a nightmare in which other black women accuse her of stealing their men and set her bed on fire. Jamie confesses that he has started dating a dancer named Ava, and demands that Nola choose which man she wants to be with. When Greer invites Nola to join him in the Caribbean for two weeks, she declines the invitation, and admits that she cannot stand to be alone with him for that long. Jamie continues to press Nola for a commitment, and runs out of patience when she tells him it is not the right time. As he leaves, he tells Opal that Nola is all hers, but Nola rejects Opal's efforts to comfort her. Later, Nola calls Jamie in the middle of the night, claiming that it is an emergency, and asks him to come over. When he arrives, Nola wants to make love, and Jamie is angry that she misled him. He goes to bed with her, but forgoes any romance, and has rough sex with her instead. Before leaving, he pushes her face down on the bed. Meanwhile, Greer considers Nola's behavior and realizes that she viewed each of her lovers, not as separate people, but as parts of one whole person. When Nola breaks up with Greer, he insults her. Afterward, Nola ends her relationship with Mars, who takes the rejection gracefully, and makes her laugh. Nola returns to Jamie, and tells him she is willing to commit only to him, but suggests they take a break from having sex. Jamie agrees to give her one last chance. Before long, however, Nola realizes that Jamie wants a "standard-issue" wife, and is too controlling. In the final shot, Nola finally accepts that she will never be a one-man woman. She crawls into bed, surrounded by candles, and falls asleep.
tt0087981
Horror,Thriller
Jake Cullen (Bill Kerr) is babysitting his grandson at his house in the rural Australian outback when a massive and unseen razorback boar attacks him, smashing through his house like a high-speed freight train and dragging away his grandson to devour alive. Jake is accused of murdering the child and while his account of the events are met with high skepticism, he is acquitted due to lack of evidence. The event destroys his credibility and reputation however and he vows revenge on the boar. Two years later, wildlife reporter Beth Winters (Judy Morris) journeys to the outback to document the hunting of Australian wildlife to be processed into pet food at a derelict factory. While driving at night, she is driven off the road by two local thugs, Benny and Dicko Baker (Chris Haywood and David Argue respectively), who attempt to rape her only to be chased off by the same boar that killed Jake's grandson. Beth attempts to take shelter in her car, but the hog rips off the door, lacerating her groin with its tusk before dragging her out to be eaten. With no witnesses, her disappearance is subsequently ruled an accident resulting from falling down an abandoned mine shaft after leaving her wrecked car. A few months later, Beth's husband Carl (Gregory Harrison) arrives in in Australia to search for her and encounters Jake, whom Beth interviewed during her initial report. Jake refers him to the local cannery where he meets Benny and Dicko whom he convinces to take him along on their next kangaroo hunt, only to be abandoned by them when he spoils a potential kill. Carl is then attacked by a herd of wild hogs, spurned on by the giant boar, who chase him through the night and force him take shelter atop an abandoned windmill. The next morning, the hogs succeed in knocking over the windmill, but Carl is saved by landing in a pond at the windmill's base that is too deep for the hogs to cross over. Once the hogs leave, Carl attempts to make his way back to civilization, all the while suffering from dehydration inspired hallucinations before finally reaching the house of Sarah Cameron (Arkie Whiteley), a friend of Jake who has been tracking and studying the local hog population and the only one who believes his story of the giant razorback. While recovering at Sarah's house, Carl forms a friendship with her and learns that something has been causing the wild hogs excess stress, leading them into unusual behavior such as increased aggression and cannibalizing their own young. Meanwhile, after learning that Carl had seen the razorback, Jake sets out for the pumping station and manages to shoot it with one of Sarah's tracking darts. He also finds Beth's wedding ring in the boar's scat which he returns to a grieving Carl, who resigns himself to returning home. After overhearing a radio conversation suggesting that Jake knows what really happened to Beth Winters, Benny and Dicko, fearful that Jake is attempting to implicate them in her death, attack him at his camp, breaking his legs and leaving him to be killed by the razorback. His remains are later found by Sarah and Carl, along with marks in the dirt made by Dicko's cleaver. Realizing that the brothers were responsible for both his wife and Jake's death, Carl attacks Benny at his and Dicko's hideaway, interrogating Benny by lowering him into a mine shaft before leaving him to plummet to his death. As Sarah rounds up a posse to hunt down the razorback using the tracer Jake shot into it, Carl corners Dicko at the cannery when the razorback suddenly appears and mauls Dicko before Carl can shoot him. The razorback then chases Carl into the factory when Sarah suddenly arrives and is seemingly killed by the boar, who continues to pursue Carl even after being impaled through its throat with a broken pipe. In its maddened rampage, the razorback ends up damaging the cannery's generator which sends the machines running out of control. Carl lures the boar up onto a conveyor belt that throws it onto a giant fan, chopping it to pieces. After shutting down the machinery, Carl finds and rescues Sarah, who had merely been knocked unconscious, and the two embrace.
tt0101628
Horror,Sci-Fi
Charlie McFadden (Don Keith Opper), the Critter hunter, is about to destroy the last two remaining eggs of the Critter species inside an outer space ship tunnels. At that climatic moment, he gets a weird message from his belt: bio-preservation laws make it ilegal to exterminate any form of life, even it is such a big pain in the neck. A container immediately appears. He has to put the eggs into two different spots of the container. Reluctantly, he does so. However, he gets trapped inside: the door of the container closes down on him, and he gets deep-frozen with the eggs. After 32 years, the space container is found by a miscellaneous crew of a private space wreckage collector. Captain Richard Brapton (Anders Hove) immediately makes plans about making money selling the container and its contents, but Fran (Angela Bassett) is flat against it. They pick it up and try to solve the question of what it is and where it has come from. They find a message from the company Terracor which says that they are going to get a price if they return the container with its contents safely. They just have to take everything to an empty space station to collect the reward. Counselor Tetra (Terrence Mann) tells them not to meddle with the thing by any circumstance. Rick insists on entering the container. The voice of the onboard computer Angela (Martine Beswick's voice) welcomes them inboard and starts a decontamination procedure. Angela does not give Fran clear answers. The space container has got a nuclear core, although there is no radiation. Fran takes a shower and punches Rick, who had come in to watch her. In frustration, Rick frees the refrigerated container. As Angela is not working alright, it does all the oposite of what is told. Al Bert (Brad Dourif) gets an all-level clearance by ordering Angela not to give him an all-level clearance. Rick goes down to the container. He hangs the youngest crewmember, Ethan (Paul Whitmore), because he didn't want to do what Rick wanted. When Rick opens the container, Charlie is well, although a bit confused. The eggs have hutched and the two critters attack and kill Rick. Charlie's weapon does not work well, so he doesn't kill any of the critters, who disappear by their usual means of making themselves into a ball and spinning themselves out of sight. Al goes in search of Ethan, whom he feels responsible towards. Ethan and Charlie walk together seeking the critters. They enter a kind of laboratory still on working condition. Charlie disappears and leaves Ethan alone. He reappears through the waste disposal system. Ethan doesn't want to accompany him, but he doesn't want to be left alone in that weird place, so he finally followsuits. Ethan tries to convince Angela not to complete the waste disposal procedure, but Angela replies that if they were not waste material they wouldn't be in the waste room. Ethan and Charlie run away through the ventilation conducts. Workman Bernie (Eric DaRe) hears Ethan and opens the gate for both Ethan and Charlie to go out of the tunnel. During Fran and Albert's interrogation of Charlie, Charlie realises that 32 years have gone by. He faints. Ethan is the only one who belives that Charlie didn't kill Rick. Ethan enters the computer system pretending to be dr McDormick. They watch a video of dr McCormick (Anne Ramsay) making experiments with something simular to a mutant frog. critters. She says that more funding is needing. They have created a very aggressive spieces and she wants the money to make them self-replicate. Bernie steals McCormick card to enter the pharmacy and steal tones of pills and medicines. Ethan asks where Bert has been. Albert advises Bernie to come back to them though the intercom, but he loses time picking up the pills which have fallen scattered all over the floor. Obviously, Bernie would be the second person attacked by the critters. When the four other people try to help him, it's too late. The critters are now the size of a basketball. Fran, Charlie, Ethan and Albert end up in the nuclear core, while the critters take charge of the ship, pressing bottoms and setting a different course. Frank breaks some of the eggs they find, but there are many and they have to run for dear life. Charlie shoos a critter but kills the controls of the spaceshop on the process. Now, as Albert suggests, they can't do anything apart from being rescued by Terracor. Ethan takes Charlie's gun and leaves the cabin in order to kill the remaining critter. Albert tries reasoning with him to no avail. Ethan goes back to the lab. He finds more hutched eggs but none a critter on sight. Ethan watches a baby and then two adult critters manipulating the lab machinery. Terracor people arrive. Ug (Terrence Mann) doesn't want Charlie or any of the crew to approach him. Ug shoots Albert because he gets cocky with him. Ug behaves towards Charlie as if they didn't know each other, and then he tells his old friend that things have changed. Ethan runs from Ug's soldier men and takes McCormick pass. He closes every door behind him always telling Angela "Do not close door number xx on the fourth floor". An army of critters kill Ug's soldiers. Ethan finds three more eggs. He juggles with them to save Charlie and Fran's lives. Fran and Charlie want to leave in Ug's spaceship. Ethan stays behind and kills an attacking critter. Ug points his gun to Ethan, and Charlie does so to Ug. Charlie kills Ug. Fran, Ethan and Charlie leave the ship just before it self-destroys. Angela pilots. She orders Charlie not to touch anything, so the first thing he does as soon as she has to leave is to make himself the captain of the spaceship. Credits to the background of the starry space. Absolutely no critters were harmed on the making of this motion picture. The ravenous voice of a laughing critter is heard. Fade to black.
tt0094939
Animation,Comedy,Family
Daffy Duck attempts to make money any way he can, when a news bulletin tells of the declining health of ailing 'buzzsaw baron,' J.P. Cubish. Cubish has been quoted as saying he would give a million dollars for one last laugh. Daffy goes to Cubish's place, and after getting rid of the butler, manages to become Cubish's personal clown...until Cubish dies of laughter. At the reading of the will, Daffy is bequeathed J.P.'s assets, with the stipulation that he use them to provide a public service. Naturally, Daffy figures he is home-free, until the spirit of Cubish begins to make the money vanish, proclaiming that Daffy must use it for 'good.' Daffy then decides to use the money to start an agency to investigate paranormal activity. He ends up hiring Bugs Bunny and Porky Pig, and each of them goes off to investigate strange activity. Though they investigate all manner of paranormal activity, Daffy grows frustrated when they can't turn a profit, and soon, Cubish's ghost has made the last of the money disappear. Daffy is then evicted from his office-space due to unpaid rent, and the items in his office are repossessed as well. While Porky and Bugs have gone their separate ways, Daffy returns to trying to sell items on the street corner to turn a profit.
tt0090837
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
Park Plaza Mall has just installed a state-of-the-art security system, which includes security shutters across all exits, and three high-tech security robots, programmed to disable (using tasers and tranquilliser guns) and apprehend would-be thieves. Four couples (Married pair Rick and Linda, Greg and Suzie, Mike and Leslie, and Ferdy and Allison) decide to have a party in one of the furniture stores where three of them work. They all stay after hours at the mall, drinking, partying, and eventually three of the couples have sex in the furniture store beds, while the fourth couple, Alison and Ferdy, who were introduced by Greg and Suzie, watch old science fiction films on TV. Outside, a lightning storm strikes the mall several times and damages the computer controlling the security robots, which kill their technicians and a janitor, before going on regular patrol in the now empty mall. Two of the teens (Mike and Leslie) leave the furniture store to buy cigarettes, and are subsequently killed by the robots - now the "killbots" of the movies original title. The surviving teens witness the killbots kill Leslie, and the men and women are forced to separate, the men into the mall and the women into the air ducts, when the killbots begin their attack. The men break into a sporting goods store ("Peckinpah's") to arm themselves with guns, whilst the girls take gas and flares from an automotive store after Suzie has a panic attack and leaves the air ducts to help Greg, with Allison and Linda following her, not wanting to leave her in the mall alone. Utilizing a propane tank, Rick, Greg, and Ferdy blow-up and appear to destroy one of the killbots (Though it later recovers). Rick, Greg and Ferdy then rig the mall elevator with a booby trap. A second killbot ambushes the women while the men finish rigging the elevator, and Suzie's screams alert the men that the women are in trouble. They rush to help, but are too late. Suzie is killed as the killbot utilizes its laser, setting fire to her gas can and setting her aflame, while Greg watches in horror. He tries unsuccessfully to shoot the killbot, before Rick drags him away. The teens, now regrouped, are able to destroy a killbot by luring it into the booby-trapped elevator. They then hide out in the restaurant where Allison works. Greg confronts Allison and Linda about leaving the air ducts, which led to Suzie's death. Greg also exhibits signs that he's beginning to crack. The girls try to explain, but Greg has difficulty accepting their explanation, going so far as to pull his gun on Ferdy when he intercedes on Allison and Linda's behalf. Rick manages to calm him down, and Ferdy suggests destroying the main control centre for the killbots, thinking that it will shut them down. Greg and the others support the idea. They begin to make their way to level 3 of the mall where the killbots' control centre is located. Greg, continuing to behave recklessly over Suzie, and despite the others trying to get him under control, gets too far ahead of them and is killed when one of the remaining killbots ambushes him and throws him over the balcony, where he falls to his death three floors below. While on the run, the remaining teens see the killbot that was believed to be destroyed and realize there are still two left to deal with. The final four, Allison, Ferdy, Rick, and Linda take refuge in a department store as the remaining two killbots work to gain access. Hearing one of the killbots gain entrance in the store's lower level, The group sets up store dummies and mirrors in an attempt to confuse the killbot waiting outside the upper-level door, then open it up. The plan works, and when the killbot starts firing at the dummies, one of its lasers reflects back off of a mirror, hitting the killbot and setting it firing blindly. Linda is killed when one of the lasers hits her, and Rick, enraged, drives a store golfcart into the killbot, firing wildly. He is electrocuted by a bolt of electricity, but his actions finally destroy the second killbot completely. Their deaths leave Alison and Ferdy as the only two survivors to search for the control centre in the storage areas of the mall. The third and final killbot corners Alison who is rescued when Ferdy shoots it point blank, damaging its laser, and setting himself up as a target instead - the killbot strikes and appears to kill him as Alison escapes. Alison falls to the lower mall injuring her leg, and sets another trap for the killbot in a paint store, by mixing paint and chemicals from the shelves. She goads the killbot into the store where it becomes stuck - its tracks unable to find traction on the spilled paint and thinners - and throws the flare into the store where the volatile chemicals explode, destroying the final killbot. As she leaves the store, she hears Ferdy call her from the upper mall, revealing that he was still alive. The film ends with Alison and Ferdy together as the mall is now at daytime, showing that Alison and Ferdy survived the night massacre. After the credits roll, a killbot shows and says "Thank you, have a nice day" as then it cuts to black
tt0111293
Comedy,Music
In the opening scene, "Crump's brother" is hitchhiking on a busy highway. After a few cars pass him by, Crump's brother recognizes and yells at a long-haired teen in an old Ford pickup who screeches to a stop to pick him up. Crump's brother is obviously a tough guy. He tells the driver about two girls he knows about in Torrance Beach that he's planning to spend the night with. Later that day at Petro Park, a hangout in Orange County, the driver of the pickup tells some other dudes (known as "the guzzlers"), about the two girls. Tack, one of the guzzlers, walks away from the others, obviously on some sort of mission. We can only wonder what he's up to as the opening credits roll. During the title sequence we meet Joe (Michael Kopelow) and Hubbs (Bradford Tatum), two typical long-haired teens who are bombing around in their 1960s Volkswagen Type II Squareback, The "Blue Torpedo". They're looking to party, but there isn't much going on. As if to emphasize the point, Joe's 8-track copy of "Hocus Pocus" by Focus is eaten by the tape deck. He then puts on "Don't Fear The Reaper" by Blue Öyster Cult, but Hubbs calls it a "pussy song" and orders him to take it out. Joe counters by saying: "If it's B.O.C. how can it be pussy?", but Hubbs doesn't want to hear it, and grabs Joe in a headlock until he complies. They make a stop to chat up the homely "Buffalo Chicks" and get the lowdown on the evening's parties. Then, cruising once again, they pass Tack, (played by Clifton Collins Jr. in one of his first film roles), who's trying to flag them down. Joe, at the urging of Hubbs, spits a loogey on Tack as Tack yells out "I got some chicks, man!". Hubbs shouts: "Tack's got some chicks?" and screeches to a halt to find out more. After failing to get Tack to reveal what he knows about the chicks, they reluctantly let him into the car. That's when Tack reveals that he has a "shitload of fine chicks" staying near "that Frankie Avalon place" down in Torrance Beach. Since Torrance Beach is some distance away, they then argue about money and gas. Hubbs yells: "Information without transportation equals dick! If it weren't for us you'd still be sitting in the road jerking off!" He then punches Tack and gets him to give up his weekend beer money. After stopping for gas and cigarettes, Hubbs and Joe talk to Crump, the gas station attendant. Crump tells them about two "radical chicks" his brother has down in Torrance Beach near "that Frankie Avalon place." He then tells them that it's a closed party because there are only two chicks there. Hubbs, knowing now that Tack lied, tells Crump that a babe named Desiree Gibson, whom Crump's brother likes, is doing "amateur night" at Dirty Dougs', a strip club down the coast, hoping to divert both Crumps away from the chicks in Torrance Beach. Hubbs then gets back into the Blue Torpedo and tells Tack to get out and wash the windows. Tack argues, saying he bought the gas, but Hubbs is adamant: "If I'm gonna haul your ass down there I'm gonna need clean windows." Tack gives in, gets out, and heads off to get a squeegee. But Joe hops in the car and they zoom off, ditching Tack. Knowing he's been duped, Tack chases after them and grabs onto the open window, begging Joe and Hubbs not to worm him out of the deal. But Hubbs punches Tack in the face and sends him sprawling across the parking lot as the Blue Torpedo squeals around the corner and out of sight. Soon, Hubbs and Joe arrive at a house in Torrance Beach and spy a sexy silhouette in a second-floor window. When they knock on the door, they meet the very sexy Lanie (Renee Ammann). Lanie grills them on drugs (they have none) and won't let them in unless they come back with a bottle of 151. So Hubbs and Joe head off to Liquor World, manage to sneak a bottle of 151 past the crazy disco clerk (played in a star cameo by Taylor Negron), Officer Dean and his partner, two inept Barney Fife-ish cops, and head back to Lanie's place to party. Across town, Tack needs another ride, and calls up Norm "Snot-rag" Hankey. But Snot-rag wants to watch his favorite TV show, The Dukes of Hazzard(!). But Tack replies: "You wanna watch the fuckin' 'Dukes of Hazzard instead of getting laid?? I'm comin' over, man!" So Tack shows up at the Hankey household and soon convinces Mrs. Hankey to let her son go cruising with Tack. Tack drives, screeching out of the driveway in a hurry to catch up with Joe and Hubbs. Meanwhile, Joe and Hubbs have returned to Lanie's house only to be met by the owner's daughter, Jill (played by China Kantner, who has a cute, slightly husky voice she may have inherited from her mom). If they are disappointed by her average looks, she is equally unimpressed by them ("You guys must be looking for the homeless sponge-bath party. It's two doors down"). But the bottle of 151 gains them entrance to the house. After drinking and listening to some rock music with Lanie and Jill, Joe mentions that Lanie looks "just like that chick from the Virgin Killer album"). They then discuss concerts, and Joe talks about being hit by a laser at a Blue Öyster Cult show and seeing a "huge gnarly eyeball" staring right at him. The girls look at Joe with concern, and Hubbs berates him later for being such a space case ("You're blowin' it, dude!"). The girls take a quick bathroom break, and Lanie tells Jill she thinks Hubbs looks like Ritchie Blackmore of Deep Purple, and tries to get Jill to go for Joe, an idea Jill immediately laughs off. Meanwhile, Joe and Hubbs are busy urinating in the ice cube tray and raiding her dad's kitchen for snacks. Soon, there's a knock on Jill's door; as Tack and Snot-rag arrive. After a brief struggle for dominance, Tack reveals that there's a party in Palos Verdes. When the girls look intrigued, Hubbs protests, saying: "C'mon, you don't wanna party with a bunch of Palos Verdes rich kids, do you?." But of course, they do. So next we see the group being driven in Hanky's Camaro by Tack, wildly. When they arrive in P.V., Muldoon, the rich-boy host (played by Jake Busey), lets the girls in to the party but slams the door on the guys. Disappointed, they skulk around back and find the Petro Park Guzzlers drinking from kegs in Muldoon's back yard with the Buffalo Chicks. Joe, frustrated that he lost his chance to party, looks for a way in, but gets flipped off by Muldoon. Then, Joe gets a break. From the patio, he witnesses Lanie slap Muldoon across the face. When she comes outside, she asks Joe: "What does someone have to do to get some drugs in this city?" That's when Joe reveals that he has some marjiuana back in the Torpedo. Lanie, excited at the prospect, is ready to book right then, but Joe, ever the nice guy, is wary about ditching his buddy Hubbs. However, when Lanie offers to show him her new bikini, it's an offer he can't refuse, and soon they're getting high in Jill's neighbor's pool. Meanwhile, Hubbs, pissed that he can't find Joe or Lanie, flees the scene angrily with Jill, just as the party is about to be broken up by Officer Dean and the LAPD. Soon Lanie realizes Joe's stash is nothing but "skank weed", and she's pissed. Worse, all of a sudden Hubbs arrives, grabs Joe in a headlock and warns him not to ditch him again. Joe is forced to watch Hubbs make out with Lanie, but he gets jealous and starts tossing furniture into the pool. When Hubbs and Lanie join in the infectious fun, the homeowner hears them and comes out of the house carrying a baseball bat. Luckily for Joe he swings wide, falling into the pool and allowing the three to make a break for it. They arrive home out of breath and laughing. Joe follows Lanie upstairs where he finally makes his move on her, but she effortlessly drops him to the floor, warning him to keep his hands off. Hubbs laughs at Joe, but later commends his actions. Meanwhile Tack and the Guzzlers, after a lecture by Officer Dean on teen drinking (and having their kegs confiscated), rally and decide to head to the chicks' house, after first stopping off at a liquor warehouse for supplies. Soon we see the carnage that follows Crumps brother's angry realization that he's been had at Dirty Doug's. He's off to find his chicks! Meanwhile, back in Torrance Beach, Hubbs has has scored with Lanie. At the same time Joe and Jill are arguing downstairs, and Jill stalks out and down to the beach. Joe catches up with her and they continue to talk, trying to make sense of their lives, which consist mostly of drinking, dating and getting stoned. Jill leaves Joe on the beach, where he sees the moon morph into a "huge gnarly eyeball". When they return to the house, they find Tack and the horny gang of Guzzlers chanting: "alcohol!" and marching with cases of Ox 45 (talls, of course) that they stole from a liquor warehouse. There's a confrontation at the front door, where Tack calls Jill a "fuckin' fat-ass" and the Guzzlers gang up on Joe when he tries to defend her honor. Grateful, Jill helps Joe back into the house after he subdues Tack, and they end up (maybe) getting high off of Joe's skank weed stash and listening to music while the Guzzlers camp out impatiently on the front porch and Hubbs makes hay with Lanie upstairs. After Jill heads off for a bathroom break, Joe gets nauseated from the Ox 45 and skank weed mix and "horks" under a chair cushion and passes out. When Joe comes to, he and Jill discuss Blue Öyster Cult and "Don't Fear The Reaper" being a pussy song. Just then, he's beckoned upstairs by Hubbs. Hubbs tells him that he lied to Lanie about Joe's bad luck, and Lanie has agreed to have sex with him! But when Joe enters the room, he finds Lanie sleeping (nude) on the bed. Watching her sleep, he thinks again about being hit by the laser at the Blue Öyster Cult show; daydreams about his life as a stoner; and envisions his eventual death as nothing but a stoner(all in an inspired tribute to 2001: A Space Odyssey) that even Stanley Kubrick might have enjoyed! When Joe comes out of his reverie, he decides it's not right to take advantage of Lanie, so he heads back downstairs, only to find Hubbs making out with Jill on the couch. Joe, jealous once again, interrupts them. Hubbs says it was all Jill's doing (something she doesn't deny). Then the trio hears a commotion outside. Crump's brother has shown up, and he's pushing around the Petro Park Guzzlers and trying to get inside the house by angrily thrashing the door. Joe and Hubbs are able to hold him off for a while, but eventually they flee to the kitchen, resigned to getting beat up by Crump's brother. But just when it looks like he is about to get inside, the yelling stops. Outside, Jill's father Warren (played by David Groh) can be seen knocking out Crumps Brother, and everyone else! Hubbs and Joe are celebrating their good luck --too early as it turns out-- as Warren enters his home, demanding to know who they are. Hubbs flees, but Joe is caught! Warren tosses Joe down the stairs and calls the police. After hearing the typical grownup lecture about "all that stinking heavy metal music", Joe has finally had enough! He stands up for Jill, Lanie, and himself, then makes his escape just in time through a window that Hubbs breaks. As the duo sneaks away, they see Officer Dean and the LAPD arresting Tack, the Guzzlers, and Crumps Brother. As Joe and Hubbs make tracks, Jill stops Joe in the back yard and asks why he didn't "go for" her. He replies: "I was working up to it!" Not needing a second invitation, he kisses her and asks for her last name so he can look her up afterwards. But her name is unpronounceable, so we know they'll probably never meet again. Safely back in the Blue Torpedo, Hubbs calls Joe a pussy for not "jumping on the grenade with Lanie when he had the chance." But by now Joe is feeling envy and jealousy too, and hits Hubbs. Hubbs responds forcefully enough, but when Hubbs calls Jill a fat-ass, Joe has finally had enough. He grabs Hubbs in a headlock and tells him to take it back! Hubbs finally relents and Joe, relishing his new-found power, calmly shoves his favorite song, "Don't Fear The Reaper" back into the 8-track. Hubbs looks like he wants to say it's a pussy song again, but this time, he thinks better of it, and rides along in silence. Joe has won. As Joe drives away in the Blue Torpedo, he sees the "huge gnarly eyeball" following him in the rear view mirror. Then it flies away, as the strains of "Don't Fear The Reaper" swells the soundtrack into the closing credits (and a cameo of two Blue Oyster Cult members themselves!). We are then reassured (as if we had any doubts) that "No Chicks Were Harmed In The Making Of This Film".
tt0095379
Horror,Thriller
A supermarket closes, and the workers start to restock the shelves for the next day. Craig, the former boyfriend of cashier Jennifer, appears, and the two have an argument. Worried for her friend, Linda presses her panic button. Co-owner Bill appears, and a fight ensues. Craig escapes onto the shop floor, and the night crew set out to track him down whilst Jennifer calls the police. On discovering Craig, there is another scuffle, and Craig is ejected from the building, and disappears into the night. The night crew is gathered by the owners, who announce they are selling the store, and that the staff will soon be out of a job. The employees are assigned the task of marking down all the stock in preparation for the close. Craig makes telephone calls to the store, unnerving Jennifer. The police arrive, but do little to help, and just tell the group to be careful. Linda finishes her shift, and is stabbed and killed by an unseen attacker while taking groceries out to her car. Bill spots someone trying to enter through the back door, and goes out to investigate. He finds Craig watching Jennifer through the bathroom window, and is clubbed over the head with a hammer. Back in the store, the unseen assailant begins to stalk the employees, and kills them one by one. As Danny grabs a drink, the assailant attacks him from behind, before pushing his eyes through a sharp nail pointing up from the table. Later, as Produce Joe is chopping carrots, the assailant suddenly slams a chef's knife through his head, splitting his head. The murderer then proceeds to kill Tim who is enjoying a beer by stabbing Tim through his stomach, which his blood splatters all over the beer cans. When Bub looks for Tim, the murderer grabs him and crushes his head under a box crusher, splattering his blood all over the engine. Later on, he proceeds to kill Randy by impaling him on a meat hook. With only two survivors left, the murderer attacks and kills Dave by splitting his head with a meat cutter. The murderer dismembers his victims, and leaves body parts around the store. Realizing that everyone seems to have vanished, Jennifer goes to investigate and discovers several bodies and bodyparts in the storerooms. Terrified, she is attacked by the murderer but manages to escape back onto the shop floor. Hearing someone at the door, she attempts to attract their attention, but they have left by the time she gets there. Craig grabs her, but she incapacitates him with a meat hook she grabbed earlier. Bill staggers in and says Craig attacked him outside the store, and he proceeds to call the police. Jennifer notices that Bill's hands are covered in blood and realizes he was killing everyone all along. Bill tells her that he could not let his partner sell the store, so he killed him and got carried away killing the others. Bill attacks Jennifer and chases her around the locked building. A delivery man appears outside, but he is killed by Bill before Jennifer can get his attention. Bill reenters the building and stalks Jennifer again. Craig grabs Jennifer and tells her that he saw Bill killing Linda, and he climbed into the building through the bathroom window to save her. Bill appears and bludgeons Craig with Danny's severed head while Jennifer flees. Crawling out the bathroom window, Jennifer attempts to escape in her car, but she finds Linda's body in it. Bill grabs her legs and pulls Jennifer under the car, but she stabs him with a chef's knife she had pulled from Linda. Jennifer heads to a phone booth to call the police, but Bill reappears and starts to smash the booth to get at her. Bill tips the phone booth over and traps Jennifer, but Craig appears and hacks him with his own meat cleaver. Jennifer and Craig are standing in the car park over Bill's body when the police arrive, and the police arrest them. As he dies, Bill shouts to the police that the pair had gone mad and killed everyone, in which the police believe him and arrest the two.
tt0117093
Drama,Romance,War
"Make love when you can...when you're dead, you're dead". the morals of the story and the philosophies of Howard Campbell Jr. Howard is writing his story from an Israeli prison. Howard is an American by birth who moves to Germany as a child with his diplomat father and mother. As Hitler takes power, Howard, now an adult, remains in Germany and becomes a well known playwright. Married to the German Helga, Howard has no real political leaning. However, as WWII breaks out and Germany declares war on the United States, howard is recruited to become a spy for his native land. He reluctantly agrees and plies his trade through propaganda radio broadcasts for the Nazis, becoming accepted by Goebbels, the director of propaganda for the Third Reich. His broadcasts become so convincing that he is branded a Nazi war criminal and captured by American Soldiers. Howard's OSS contact arranges for his escape from custody and moves him into a dreary flat in New York City. Thinking that his beloved wife has been killed, Howard leads a drab existence and makes only one friend...a friend who later betrays him to Israeli war criminal hunters. Before the betrayal, Helga appears at his door and he begins to live again, only to find that it is not Helga but her younger sister Resi. After his hopes are dashed, he resigns himself to capture and ultimately to go to his punishment.
tt0115906
Comedy,Drama
An unintelligent, drug-addicted, recently impregnated woman finds herself in the middle of an abortion debate when both parties attempt to sway her to their side.
tt0112288
Horror
New York University. Walking home after viewing a disturbing lecture documenting atrocities from the Vietnam War, doctoral candidate Kathy Conklin (Lili Taylor) is singled out to receive a vampire's 'kiss'. However, Casanova (Annabella Sciorra) is an atypical vampire in that she gives Kathy a chance to save herself by simply saying "Go away" like she means it. But Kathy can only mutter, "Please," so she ends up in the infirmary with a bite on her neck and a policeman telling her she's lucky her assailant didn't slit her throat. "One aspect of determinism is manifested in the fact that the unsaved don't recognize the sin in their lives." Kathy starts to feel ill during one of her lectures, and rushes to the lavatory where she vomits blood. She winds up back in the infirmary where the attending physician diagnoses "chronic anemia exacerbated by this traumatic event." The next day she meets her friend Jean (Edie Falco) for lunch but merely picks at her food and feels ill watching Jean scarf down a hamburger. "The old adage from Santayana, that those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it, is a lie. There is no history. Everything we are is eternally with us." Kathy has begun covering her mirrors in her apartment, and wearing sunglasses to class to protect her eyes from the sun. Her hunger for blood starting to grow, she uses a syringe to extract blood from the arm of a sleeping homeless man, but it doesn't help. She makes arrangements to meet with her advising professor to show him what she's done so far on her dissertation, which is nothing. They wind up back at her apartment, where he becomes a victim. The next day, while in the university library, Kathy invites an anthropology student to her apartment to study and have coffee. The student becomes a victim when she doesn't say, "Get out of here." "All men counting stars are equivalent in every way to God." [Feuerbach] Kathy's appetite for blood is becoming insatiable. She feeds on a young black guy looking for some "white tail". Kathy even corners her friend Jean in the ladies room at a local bar, challenging her to "look sin in the eye and tell me to go," but all Jean can do is blubber, "Please," so Kathy makes another victim of Jean. "Mankind has striven to exist beyond good and evil from the beginning." [Nietzsche] Now, rapidly descending deep into her addiction, Kathy tails a possible victim whose first words to her are, "Why don't you just tell me to leave you alone...like you mean it." He turns out to be Peina (Christopher Walken), a old vampire who invites Kathy to his loft. Peina tells Kathy that he has been "fasting" for four years and has learned to live without blood through the strength of his will. Peina tries to advise Kathy on living as a vampire without having to give in to the addiction. "The point is to blend in," he says, "not to stand out like a sore thumb." He then proceeds to feed on Kathy. Suffering from the pangs of her addiction, Kathy attempts to slit her wrist, but "you can't kill what's already dead," says Peina. She begs him to help her, but he refuses. Instead, he tells her to read the book The Naked Lunch. "I felt the wind...the wings of madness." [Baudelaire] Kathy weathers it through the day but gives in to the pangs that night. She walks the streets, stumbling along, holding her stomach and looking for a "fix." When a passerby sees her lying on the sidewalk, he offers help, but she leaps at his neck like a hungry cat. Claiming that she now understands what all this is about, Kathy begins to work again on her dissertation. "Our addiction is evil," she writes. The propensity for this evil lies in our weakness before it. Kierkegaard was right. There IS an awful precipice before us. But he was wrong about the leap. There's a difference between jumping and being pushed. You reach a point where you are forced to face your own needs. And the fact that you can't terminate your situation settles on you with full force. There is a dual nature to the addiction. It satisfies the hunger, but it also dulls our perception so we're helped to forget how ill we really are. We drink to escape the fact that we're alcoholics. Existence is the search for relief from our habit, and our habit is the only relief we can find." To celebrate the completion of her dissertation and attainment of her Ph.D., Kathy decides to invite the dean, her professors, and some of her friends to a party at her apartment. On her way home, Kathy meets a prostelytizer who hands her a pamphlet. She invites him to come inside, but he refuses, the only one who has refused to let 'sin' in. As her hunger grows again, Kathy rolls on the floor in agony, screaming repeatedly, "I will not submit!" But submit she finally does when, as the guests start arriving, she asks Jean, now a vampire herself, to bring her a girl on which to feed. Feeling satiated, Kathy attends her party and, after a short speech during which she thanks the faculty and offers to share with everyone what she has learned during her years of study, she leaps at the dean's neck. Thereafter begins an horrific orgy in which Kathy and her vampire friends feast on the humans. After drinking her fill and then some, Kathy begins to feel ill and, like a sick drunk, wanders the streets, talking to herself, covered with blood, and barfing on the sidewalk. She winds up in the hospital again. In an attempt to end her existence, she asks the nurse to open the blinds. As the sunshine slowly descends over Kathy's body, the blinds are suddenly closed and Casanova is standing there. "We're not evil because of the evil we do," Casanova says. "We do evil because we ARE evil." "Bleeding trees waiting for Judgement Day when we can all hang ourselves from our own branches." [Dante] A priest stops by to visit and Kathy begs for absolution. He does and she apparently passes on. In the very confusing final scene, Kathy places a rose on her own grave in broad daylight and walks away, having repented her bloodlust and is reborn as human flesh once again. "In the end, we stand before the light and our true nature is revealed. Self-revelation is annhilation of self." [Kathy Conklin] Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.
tt0081414
Drama,Fantasy
Edna McCauley buys her husband a new car for his birthday. While the two are out driving, they have a terrible accident. Both are killed, but Edna, after seeing a great white light and a mysterious group of people, wakes up in a hospital. Apparently, she died, but has come back to life. She's also suffered permanent spinal damage and must walk with braces and crutches. Devastated, Edna goes home to Texas to recuperate, reuniting with her beloved grandmother Pearl and her hard, loveless father, John Harper. While at a family barbecue, Edna touches a little girl who has a serious nosebleed, seeming to stop the ordinarily serious bleeding with her touch. Edna actually feels the heat in her own hand. Grandmother Pearl tells her of a woman she once knew who, after a similar back from death experience, returned with the power to heal. Edna touches her own crippled legs, gradually able to walk without braces or crutches. With her abilities becoming known, townsfolk bring Cal Carpenter, an attractive young man stabbed in a barfight, for Edna's healing touch. She saves his life. Later, they become lovers. It isn't long before Edna's healing people daily. But some feel apprehensive about her power, since it doesn't necessarily involve preaching the gospel. Cal's father, a zealot, even suggests her powers are satanic. Cal begins to fear her power, and he eventually walks out on her after an argument. Edna's father John, accuses her of being a whore for sleeping with Cal, ordering her off his property. Edna goes to a university, where two scientists want to study her abilities. She dazzles them with the strength of her gift, strong enough that she's able to bend a beam of laser light. She also enables a severely crippled woman to walk again, taking the woman's weaknesses into herself, then dispelling it - a dazzling display that nonetheless frightens Cal, who's now so fearful of Edna's gift it has rendered him impotent. When Edna senses that her father John is dying, she goes home, standing at the dying man's bedside. She wonders aloud what made him so incapable of love, reminding him of the abortion he ordered on her when she was a young girl. It left her sterile forever. She tells him she loves him nonetheless, and he dies after claiming to see the same bright light. Once again, Cal fears her, thinking that she's Jesus returned. Edna assures him that she's not, but Cal, increasingly disturbed, takes a rifle, shooting at Edna as she talks to some followers in the country. He wounds her. After Cal is jailed, Edna decides to take off for parts unknown, saying farewell to Grandma Pearl, who understands that the power of love is Edna's only true gift. The years go by and Edna ends up a recluse, running a tiny gas station in the desert. A young couple pass through in their R.V. with a boy, Bobby, who's dying of cancer. Edna talks to the boy, laying her healing hands on his cancerous body. Although they don't know it yet, she has healed the child. The boy thanks her, but it is Edna, all too happy to express her gift, who thanks the child who has allowed her to heal him...
tt0100211
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Some children grow up believing their parents are perfect. This film asks: what happens when a father is accused of being a notorious Hungarian war criminal 40 plus years after the fact? His lawyer daughter wants to prove he's innocent. In that effort a judge, prosecutor and his lawyer daughter travel to Budapest to meet with a "surprise" prosecution witness who will "nail the coffin" of the accused man. But, they find this witness is a liar. The lawyer daughter, happy believing she's vindicated her father, travels to meet the sister of a military friend of her father's on her way home. While visiting the woman, she asks the lawyer daughter to retrieve and send to her a pawned, old and beautiful Hungarian music box. Once in her hands the lawyer daughter discovers a horrifying truth hidden inside.
tt0087127
Adventure,Fantasy
In the opening scene, we are introduced to the nomadic warrior/outlaw Deathstalker (Richard Hill) who fights a smarmy treasure hunter who has taken a beautiful maiden captive and is chased by a group of Barbarian warriors. Deathstalker dispatches the Barbarians as well as the treasure hunter who attempts to rape the girl. Deathstalker tries to comfort the girl, hoping that she will respond to his subtle nature, but she runs away. Deathstalker is sent by a witch on a quest to find a chalice, an amulet, and a sword, two of which are held by the wicked sorcerer Munkar (Bernard Erhard). Deathstalker finds the sword almost immediately, which has been hidden by the witch in a cave guarded by an ogre and an imp. The imp Salmaron reveals himself to be a thief cursed by the witch and aids Deathstalker in defeating the ogre. Deathstalker removes the curse from Salmaron and the thief agrees to accompany Deathstalker on his journey. Sword in hand, Deathstalker sets out to Munkar's castle to gain the remaining objects of power. On his journey, Deathstalker meets a charming fellow warrior, dressed in midriff-baring armor, who introduces himself as Oghris (Richard Brooker). Oghris tells Deathstalker about a tournament that he is traveling to and invites Deathstalker to tag along with him. Oghris explains that Munkar has invited warriors from across the land to participate in contests until a winner is determined - the winner will inherit Munkar's kingdom. One night along the way to the tournament, the pair meet Kaira, a female warrior (Lana Clarkson) who wears only a G-string and a cloak. Later that night Deathstalker removes Kaira's skimpy outfit and has passionate sex with her. She joins the group on their journey the next morning. Munkar reveals to his assistant that his true agenda is for the warriors to fight each other to the death until only a weakened survivor remains for Munkar to kill. This would remove all threats to his rule. Arriving at Munkar's castle, Deathstalker, Oghris, Kaira and the other participants gather in Munkar's banquet room the night before the tournament. The warriors are invited to get drunk and rape Munkar's harem slaves, including Princess Codille (Barbi Benton). Oghris connects with one slave girl while Kaira keeps Deathstalker to herself. Deathstalker rescues Princess Codille, briefly, but Munkar takes her back. Munkar transforms his assistant into the likeness of the Princess and sends him to kill the hero. When Deathstalker attempts to rape Codille, he discovers that the woman is not all "woman" and sends her away. Kaira finds the assassin; assuming she is the real Codille, she is tragically killed by the assassin in a sword fight after Munkar's disguise spell wears off. The night after the first day of the tournament, Oghris is taken by Munkar's men to a prison cell while Salmaron is attacked by prison guards. The thief is knocked into a well that leads to Munkar's harem. It is revealed that Oghris brought Deathstalker to the tournament expressly for Munkar and he is ordered to kill him. Reluctant to kill his friend, Oghris warns Deathstalker and asks the hero to just leave the tournament but Deathstalker refuses and attacks him. During the brawl, Oghris has the chance to draw the sword and kill Deathstalker but chooses to fight fairly and ultimately loses. Deathstalker says goodbye to the fighter and kills him. The last day of the tournament arrives and there are only two competitors left - Deathstalker and an ogre. After a long fight, Deathstalker kills the ogre and moves to claim his prize. He is attacked by Munkar's men but makes his way to the amulet. Salmaron is discovered in the harem room but frees the women and helps them slay the guards. Deathstalker defeats the holder of the amulet and faces Munkar; he is able to defeat the sorcerer's illusions and claims the third object of power. Deathstalker declares he has no interest in Munkar's power or kingdom - he destroys the three objects of power and throws Munkar to a crowd of slaves who tear him apart.
tt0090930
Horror
The film opens as if the events of the first film took place in reality, but this is actually a film within a film, that the various residents of a high-rise apartment building are watching. Set mostly in a 10-story high rise apartment building somewhere in West Germany, we are introduced to various people who live in the building while a broadcast about the 'Coming of Demons' airs on their TV sets. George (David Knight) is a young law student struggling with law classes and dealing with his very pregnant wife Hannah (Nancy Brilli). Sally Day (Coralina Cataldi Tassoni) is a frustrated, snotty, teenager who is having a party in her parents penthouse apartment while they are out to celebrate her 16th birthday. Angry when she learns that her ex-boyfriend Jacob is coming to her party, she locks herself in her bedroom. While her friends try to persuade her to come back out to the party, Sally watches part of the movie on her TV set. The story on the TV shows four teenagers who trespass into a city that was deserted as a result of the demon outbreak. Finding the lifeless corpse of a demon, one of the teens revives it accidentally by dripping blood from a scratch into its mouth. The demon comes to life and attacks the teens, killing one of of them. As the other teens flee, the demon suddenly notices her, climbs through the television and attacks her. Sally is transformed into a demon, then attacks her friends, turning all but two of them into vile, bloodthirsty monsters. The creatures' acid-like bile begins to seep through the building, burning through the ceiling and into other apartments and shorting out the electrical system, and sealing all the exits and doors. In one apartment, a dog licks up the bile and transforms into a vicious beast that attacks and kills its owner (Anita Bartolucci). A young boy (Marco Vivio) left alone by his parents manages to avoid Sally and her rampaging demon friends, but is ultimately poisoned by the bile and becomes a monster. The demon boy attacks Hannah while she is waiting for George to come home. She manages to kill the demon boy, but a flying demon bursts out of his body to further terrorize her. Meanwhile, George is trapped in an elevator with another woman, a local call girl named Mary (Virginia Bryant). They plan to escape through a service hatch, but a demon bursts through the elevator door and infects the woman. She in turn attacks George but he is able to kill her before making his way up the elevator shaft where he tries to get to Hannah's apartment. Meanwhile, a group of bodybuilders led by gym instructor Hank (Bobby Rhodes) have barricaded themselves in the underground car park, along with a group of tenants. Unable to break down the garage doors, they decide to stand their ground and try to defend themselves with makeshift weapons, such as Molotov cocktails and a few shotguns. Also, Ingrid (Asia Argento) is a little girl whose parents take shelter with her in the underground car park, until her mother becomes infected and Hank is forced to kill Ingrid's demon mother. The demons eventually make it down to the garage and force their way in. Although they heavily outnumber the demons, the uninfected are relatively easily defeated and are either turned into demons themselves or killed. Ingrid's fate is left unknown. Meanwhile, outside the building, one of the partygoers waits for Sally's boyfriend, Jacob, to arrive, unaware about what is going in inside the building. Jacob at that moment is joyriding with three friends of his when they end up being chased by the police in which the chase ends with Jacob crashing his car into another outside the tower building. The infected start making their way back up the building. George manages to get to his apartment just in time to save Hannah and kills the flying demon with an umbrella. With all the exits locked, George decides to go up to the roof to try to escape by scaling down the building. While gathering climbing rope and supplies, Hannah wonders into the deserted apartment where the birthday party massacre happened and finds the two surviving party guests who are Sally's friend Ulla (Maria Chiara Sasso) and her boyfriend Danny that had hidden in a closet this whole time. With the horde of demons advancing up the stairway, George causes a leak in the gas pipes and triggers an explosion that kills all the infected except Sally. The group make their way to the roof but are stopped by the wounded demon Sally. She somehow infects the two partygoers, but George manages to dispatch them; Ulla's boyfriend by throwing him down the staircase shaft, and Ulla by knocking her off the building. George and Hannah lower themselves to the roof of an adjacent building, fighting Sally as they go. Inside the neighboring building (which is a TV station that is broadcasting the demon TV movie) Hannah goes into labor gives birth to the couple's child. Shortly afterwords, the demon Sally enters the area, but George defeats the resilient Sally in mortal combat. He then smashes the TV screens in the studio to prevent Sally from riving. In the final shot, George and Hannah make their way outside with their newborn child.
tt0081568
Action,Comedy,Drama
Cameron (Steve Railsback), a Vietnam vet who's wanted for attempted murder, is caught by the police but escapes. Crossing a bridge, he dodges an antique car that seems to be trying to run him down; when he turns around, the car has disappeared. While he wonders whether it went into the river, a helicopter flies close to the bridge and a man inside looks intently at Cameron. Later, Cameron is attracted to a movie shoot -- a World War I battle scene -- on the beach. After the scene, he notices an old woman who walks through the set greeting the actors, then falls in the water. Cameron dives in to rescue her and is horrified when she pulls off her face -- a mask. She's not an old woman, but the movie's leading lady, Nina Franklin (Barbara Hershey), testing the costume and make-up for the scenes set late in her character's life. The director, Eli Cross (Peter O'Toole), descends from the sky on his camera crane. This is his second entrance from on high; Eli is the same man who stared at Cameron from the helicopter. He offers Cameron a job, explaining that their last stunt man just ran a car off a bridge. They haven't found the body, and Eli can't afford the production delays that will result if the police get involved. The local police chief is aware of the accident on the bridge and Eli has to do some fast talking to convince him that Cameron is Burt, the stunt man who went off the bridge into the river. (Eli claims divers pulled him out of the car, and Cameron is convincingly damp, having just pulled Nina out of the ocean.) Cameron's job is to pretend to be Burt and do his stunts -- a role within a role that allows both Eli and Cameron to avoid entanglements with the police. Cameron is rechristened "Lucky." Denise (Sharon Farrell), the film's hair stylist, dyes his hair and makes a pass at him. Ostensibly the color change is to make him resemble the blond leading man, Raymond Bailey (Adam Roarke) -- Lucky is Ray's stunt double -- but of course it also, conveniently, makes him harder to recognize. There's a running theme about how the movies are all about making things look like what they're not. When Cameron is convinced Eli's selling him out by showing the cops the film shot when Burt ran off the bridge -- because Cameron's in it -- Eli reassures him by telling him that the original King Kong from the 1933 movie "was just 3 foot 6 inches tall -- he only came up to Fay Wray's belly button. If God could do the tricks that we can do, he'd be a happy man." "How tall was King Kong?" becomes their catchphrase. Lucky learns stunt work under the tutelage of Chuck (Charles Bail), the stunt coordinator; there's some cool detail about how stunts are pulled off. (To film part of the wing-walking scene, they tether the plane to the ground and fly in circles at an altitude of about 6 feet.) There's an elaborate scene where Lucky, standing in for the leading man, is chased up and down the sloping red roofs of a large building (in real life, the Hotel del Coronado near San Diego, California), shot at, and falls through a skylight into a bordello. Lucky is thrilled to learn he'll be paid $600 for the scene. At the same time, Lucky/Cameron's getting involved with Nina -- who, it turns out, once had a romance with Eli and still admires him tremendously. Eli admits to her that he's jealous of Lucky. The last shoot at the current location involves Lucky's most difficult stunt, driving a Duesenberg off a bridge and escaping under water -- the same scene Burt was shooting when he died. Lucky believes Eli is trying to kill him, and will use the stunt to make it look like an accident. It's plausible; killing Lucky would get him out of Nina's life and remove the most unreliable witness to the cover-up of Burt's death. In the wee hours of the morning before the shoot, Lucky and Nina have a heart-to-heart in the set shop and Lucky finally tells his story. He'd planned to open an ice cream shop with a friend when he got home from Vietnam, but the friend backed out -- he didn't want Cameron around because, Cameron realized, the friend was the guy Cameron's girlfriend had left him for. Cameron took out his fury one night on the ice cream shop (which he reenacts by trashing the set shop). When a cop turned up to see what was going on, Cameron threw a big tub of ice cream at him and fled. The cop was knocked out and spent several hours with his head in the ice cream, which didn't kill him but resulted in frostbite damage to his nose and ear and an attempted murder charge for Cameron, who's been on the run ever since. After Nina stops laughing, the couple plans to escape together: Nina hides in the trunk of the stunt car, which Cameron will drive away in the morning instead of driving off the bridge. Unbeknownst to Lucky, Chuck has planted an explosive in one of the Duesenberg's front tires to make the car's tumble off the bridge look more realistic. Lucky panics everyone by starting the scene too early. (He's in the Duesenberg with the windows rolled up and mistakes a question about the on-board camera for his cue.) The car goes into the water when Chuck triggers the exploding tire, and Lucky scrambles to reach Nina in the trunk -- until he happens to look up out of the sinking car's rear window to see Nina with Eli on the bridge. Lucky emerges, gasping, from the river and notices that there were divers in the water with him all the time. Nina tells him that she was found in the trunk hours before the shoot, and Eli told her that Lucky had changed his mind and decided to do the stunt. Lucky, of course, had done no such thing, but Nina's so pleased that he and Eli have made up that he doesn't set her straight. Eli, descending as usual from heaven on his crane, explains that he wouldn't let Lucky run off thinking that Eli was trying to kill him (and not incidentally leaving the film incomplete). The best way to convince Lucky of Eli's good will, Eli felt, was to make sure Lucky got through the stunt in one piece. Lucky, though furious -- not for the first time -- at Eli's high-handed manipulations, is amused in spite of himself and giddy with relief at surviving. As the movie ends, Cameron and Eli are bickering over Cameron's pay for the stunt and planning to catch a plane to the production's next location.
tt0094869
Drama
At Trinity School, a Catholic boys' preparatory school, the shy, socially inept 15-year-old freshman Jerome E. "Jerry" Renault makes the football team, despite his small stature. He struggles on the field during practice, but cannot keep up with the other teammates, and is often berated by the strict coach. Meanwhile, Archie Costello, the charismatic head of "The Vigils" a gang and secret society, compiles a list of socially ostracized students with the aid of Obie, The Vigils' nerd-like treasurer. These outcasts will be assigned to perform prank assignments as part of their Vigils initiations. Jerry Renault is on Archie's list, as is Roland "The Goober" Goubert. The next prank is to be "The Chocolates," and is designed to disrupt the school's annual fund raising chocolate sale. When Archie learns that Jerry Renault's mother recently died from cancer, he declares the young football player requires "therapy," and enlists Jerry in "The Chocolates" prank. Meanwhile, taking advantage of the Trinity School headmaster's illness and convalescence, the corrupt Brother Leon hopes to take over the position by gaining attention with a formidable fund raising effort. He purchases outdated Mother's Day candy, and plans to repackage it for the Trinity fundraiser. He hopes to sell 20,000 boxes of candy at a significantly increased profit, and thereby be declared the school's new leader. Unaware of the Vigils' plot against the chocolate sale, Brother Leon enlists Archie's aid in rallying fellow students to sell candy. During a secret meeting with the Vigils, Archie inducts "Goober" Goubert into the Vigils by assigning him to loosen the furniture screws in Brother Eugene's classroom. However, in time-honored Vigils tradition headed by Bill Carter, the Vigil's president and Archie's superior, Archie must blindly take one marble from among six - five white and one black - in a box. Should he select the black marble, Goober will be freed from his task and Archie will have to perform it. Archie draws a white marble, and Goober is charged with loosening the screws. Archie then declares that the chocolate sale will give the Vigils an opportunity to defy school authority once and for all. That afternoon, Jerry discovers a note from the Vigils in his locker, and later learns that he must refuse to sell candy for the school. Meanwhile, Archie is blackmailing another student, a local punk named Emile Janza, into keeping Jerry in line by threatening to reveal photographs of Emile masturbating. Dismayed at the rebellion against selling candy, Brother Leon threatens student David Caroni with a failing grade if he does not reveal the plot. Caroni explains that The Vigils ordered Jerry to refuse to sell candy for ten days. At the end of the ten days, however, Jerry still refuses to sell the chocolate. As brother Leon beats Jerry in front of the class, the boy fantasizes about his mother's death and about having a love affair with a female recluse named Lisa. Following Jerry's lead, other Vigils members and most of the other students join the chocolate boycott. Since Brother Leon used his own money to buy the outdated chocolate, his personal finances are at stake. In an attempt to restore order, he threatens to close the school if the Vigils continue in their refusal to sell chocolates. Archie fears that he is losing control of The Vigils when Obie reports that other students have been made aware of the "ten day plot," and blame the club for the threatened school closure. In response, Archie takes charge and orders The Vigils to start selling chocolates, and bullies younger members to steal money from their parents to make up the deficit. Brother Leon celebrates when 15,000 boxes of candy have been sold, but reminds the students they still need to sell 5,000 more to meet their goal. Giving in to pressure from Archie's blackmail, Emile Janza threatens to expose Jerry Renault as a homosexual if he continues to refuse selling chocolates. When Emile suggests to other students that Jerry's mother died of shame over her son's deviant sexuality, Jerry is beaten by a gang of pre-teen kids hired by Emile and ostracized by his classmates and the entire school. Finally, 19,950 boxes of candy have been sold, and Brother Leon believes the fifty unsold boxes represent Jerry's sales quota. In fact, the fifty boxes have been set aside by Archie and Obie as part of a boxing rally they have planned to take place at the school football field the following night. The contest pits Jerry against Emile, and the $2 tickets permit students to dictate the sorts of brutality they would like to see during the bout, with the fifty boxes of chocolate offered as the prizes for a knockout. As before, since he has made the assignment, Archie draws a marble. To his relief, he draws a white marble, but Carter reminds him there are two assigned to the task-Emile and Jerry - and Archie is forced to draw another marble. This time, however, his luck runs out and he draws the black marble. Archie is thrown into the ring, as the students' fight tactics are called out. In a twist of fate, Jerry knocks Archie unconscious to the cheers of the crowd. However Jerry imagines his mother sitting in the crowd crying, and realizes he has become just like his tormentors. Later, Jerry tells Goober, his one remaining friend, that he should have sold chocolates after all. After his humiliation, Archie is demoted and Obie becomes the new head of The Vigils. As Archie sulks, Obie concocts new demeaning initiation assignments.
tt0074455
Horror,Thriller
After refusing a request from frisky customer named Buck (Robert Englund) who wants anal sex, the naive and inexperienced prostitute Clara Wood (Roberta Collins) is evicted from the town brothel by the madam, Miss Hattie (Carolyn Jones). Clara makes her way across the local swamp to a decrepit hotel, called the Starlight Hotel, to check into a room for the night where she encounters the scruffy and mentally disturbed proprietor Judd (Neville Brand) and his pet crocodile in the swamp beside the front porch. Upon realizing Clara was a prostitute, Judd attacks her while ranting and raving. When Clara tries to defend herself, Judd stabs her with a pitchfork and feeds her to the crocodile. Some days later, a fractious couple, the outgoing Faye (Marilyn Burns) and her mentally disturbed husband Roy (William Finley), along with their young daughter Angie (Kyle Richards) arrive at the hotel to check in since they are driving across country. They soon experience the trauma of the Angie's persistently barking and overly curious pet dog being eaten by the crocodile. Faye and Roy take their daughter to their room to try and try to calm her down. The insane Roy decides to shoot the crocodile with a shotgun for eating their dog, but Judd intervenes. During the struggle, Roy shoots Judd in his right leg, but it is revealed that Judd's right leg is a wooden prosthetic which he apparently lost years earlier when it was bitten off by his pet crocodile. Judd angrily stabs Roy with a scythe before he is attacked and devoured by the huge crocodile which breaks through the porch railing and swallows Roy whole. After getting Angie to sleep, Faye goes into the bathroom for a bath, however she is interrupted by Judd who begins to beat her. Angie wakes up and runs from the hotel. However, Angie gets trapped underneath the hotel by Judd, who proceeds to tie up Faye in a vacant room where he spends the rest of the movie sexually fondling her while Angie remains trapped under the floorboards of the hotel. That evening, Harvey Wood (Mel Ferrer) and his daughter Libby arrive at the Starlight Hotel seeking information on the whereabouts of Clara, Harvey's daughter who had run away from home several months earlier. Judd calmly denies having ever seen Clara when he is shown a photo of her. Never less, Harvey and Libby check into separate rooms and then leave to try and locate her at Miss Hattie's brothel. Accompanied by Sheriff Martin (Stuart Whitman), Harvey and Libby question Miss Hattie, who lies to them by denying ever seeing Clara (apparently still angry over Clara upsetting her business). Harvey returns to the hotel while Libby stays in town to eat dinner with Sheriff Martin. When Harvey hears Angie's crying underneath the floorboards of the porch, he begins to investigate and is attacked by Judd who stabs him in the neck with his scythe. Judd then drags his dead body to the swamp to be eaten by the crocodile. While Sheriff Martin and Libby are at the local bar having dinner and drinks, Martin kicks out Buck and his sluttish girlfriend Lynette (Janus Blythe) after a fight nearly breaks out between Buck and another local redneck barfly. The pair venture to the hotel, much to the annoyance of Judd who had already warned Buck to stay away from his land. While in their room to have sex, they hear Angie's cries for help. Buck goes to investigate and is pushed off the porch and into the swamp by Judd, where he is quickly eaten alive by Judd's crocodile. Lynette hears the commotion, and goes outside only to be chased by Judd and his scythe into the nearby swamps. She manages to get to a road where she flags down a passing car and gets away. At the same time, Libby arrives back at the hotel and goes up to her room. Judd arrives back also, and opens up the gate for the crocodile to get in under the house so it can eat Angie. Meanwhile, Libby discovers Faye tied up in the room. After freeing her, the two women attempt to leave, however Judd chases them back upstairs where he wounds Faye with the scythe. Libby escapes out a window and begins to help Angie out of the swamp she has managed to get into to evade the crocodile. Judd throws the severely wounded Faye off a balcony and then he attempts to push Angie back into the swamp while struggling with Libby. But at the last second, Faye arrives and pushes Judd over the fence into the swamp, where he is devoured by his pet crocodile. Sheriff Martin arrives at the hotel minutes later to arrest Judd after being alerted by Lynette only to find the bloodied but alive Faye, and the shaken but unharmed Libby and Angie. All that is left of Judd is his prosthetic wooden leg floating in the swamp beside the hotel.
tt0082622
Action,Drama
Billy (Ed Harris) is the "king" of a traveling Renaissance fair troupe that specializes in knights jousting on motorcycles, and adheres to a code of behavior based on King Arthur and his knights. As the fair opens in a small town, a local girl, Julie (Patrica Tallman), is almost run over by a knight, Alan (Gary Lahti), who offers her a motorcycle ride. Though the sheriff has issued a permit for the fair, two corrupt police officers demand a pay-off to leave the troupe alone. The black knight, Morgan (Tom Savini), and the friar, Tuck (John Hostetter), want to pay, but Billy refuses and takes his place on the throne by his queen, Linet (Amy Ingersoll). The tournament begins and the knights joust one on one with lances. Morgan's round ends in a tie, and the rematch allows for a change of weapons. Morgan chooses a mace and knocks his opponent down. Although wounded in a previous tournament, Billy fights Morgan and is knocked off his bike by the mace. The other knights ride in to rescue their king before Morgan can demand Billy's crown, and Alan is victorious over the black knight. In Billy's tent, his wounds are tended by Merlin (Brother Blue), the group's "wizard" and first aid doctor, and Billy confides that he had another recurring dream of a black bird. Later, a boy, also named Billy, asks the king to autograph his picture in Cycle Rider magazine. Billy was unaware of the article and refuses to sign, claiming it does not reflect his groups values. The fair includes an opportunity for attendees to joust with the knights, but several locals race onto the grounds, steal weaponry, and speed away. The knights give chase and retrieve the weapons, while forcing the errant motorcyclists off their bikes. That night, Billy and Linet argue. Billy does not want to compromise his ideals, but she believes they must waver in their code because the group needs more money to survive. As the troupe sits around a campfire, Morgan admits that he only recently became interested in the Arthurian legend, and Pippin (Warner Shook), the group's emcee, laughs that Morgan had not realized that his namesake, Morgan Le Fey, was actually a woman. Morgan claims that Pippin, himself, is truly a woman, and Angie (Christine Forrest), Morgan's girl friend and the group's mechanic, questions if Pippin is homosexual. Pippin admits he is not sure, but a female knight, named Rocky (Cynthia Adler), proudly declares she is a lesbian. The two local officers arrive to harass the group and Tuck, intoxicated, drives away in his truck, parking by the bushes where Alan and Julie are making love. The police search Bagman's (Don Berry) trailer, discover marijuana, and want a bribe, but Billy refuses and insists on going with Bagman to jail to witness further police corruption. Although he orders the troupe to wait for his return, Linet conducts everyone to their next location, asking Merlin to wait for Billy and Bagman. In jail, Billy watches from another cell as the officers beat Bagman without provocation. Julie and Alan locate the sheriff, who orders the police to release the prisoners, and Billy warns the lead officer that he will return for vengeance. Meanwhile, Angie, Pippin, and Tuck encounter Steve (Ken Hixon), the group's lawyer, on the road. He has set up the paperwork at their next site, and is returning to help Billy. When Billy learns the troupe has already moved on, he is furious, but Merlin calms him. Now at home, Julie packs to leave with Alan, and they discover that her mother was beaten by Julie's abusive father. The next day, while promoting themselves in town, several troupe members meet television producer, Sheila (Amanda Davies), a photographer named Judy Rawls (Maureen Sadusk), and Joe, a promoter with Silver Bullet Enterprises, who are interested in the troupe, and ask to speak with Billy. Upon learning he has not arrived, Sheila turns her attention to Morgan, who assures her that Billy is not the troupe's only star. On the road, Steve meets Merlin, Billy, and Bagman. As they camp, Steve mentions the promoters ability to provide a bigger circuit and more money. Billy refuses to join the money world, insisting that he must fight for the ideals of the code. Later, Billy borrows Steve's motorcycle, and arrives at the fairgrounds as Sheila meets with his troupe. Billy is angry that they are having a council meeting without everyone present. Sheila tells Joe not to worry; Morgan is attractive and can get a group of knights to leave with him. In their tent, Linet tells Billy that she took a chance and followed him, but is uncertain if he is the reason she stays. Outside, Morgan informs the other knights that he deserves to be king and will leave with Joe after the tournament. Angie insists Morgan did not win the crown and refuses to leave with him, betting that he will return within two weeks. Another knight, Bors (Harold Wayne Jones), feels the troupe is finished and informs Alan that he might leave, too. At the joust, the fights are more vicious than usual and the knights do not wait for Billy's signal to begin. When someone switches the music from trumpets to rock music, Billy goes to the sound truck to change it. While he is inside, a motorcycle flies free, and misses an infant, but crashes into the baby's mother. As the woman is taken to a hospital, local motorcyclists rush into the arena to challenge the knights. Pippin tries to explain the competition is over due to the accident, but the bikers ignore him. As the troupes knights race into the arena and dispatch the local riders, a male fair worker, named Punch (Randy Kovitz), asks Pippin to be his lover and Pippin accepts. Billy steps outside, sees an Indian (Albert Amerson) with a black bird on his armor, and feels this is the challenger he has been dreaming about. Knowing Billy is hurt, Alan attempts to stop him, but Billy fights back, repeatedly knocking Alan off his motorcycle until he yields. Billy faces the Indian in a wild battle. Billy wins, but is injured and collapses. Afterward, Morgan and several knights depart, and Alan leaves with Julie and Bors. The Indian remains with the troupe at the campsite while Billy heals and they wait for the defectors to return. At Sheila's home, Tuck romances Judy, while Morgan has sex with Sheila, and then learns her rich boyfriend is returning soon. Joe has no use for Tuck, but orders new outfits and motorcycles for Morgan and his men, and stages a Las Vegas, Nevada, photo shoot where Morgan models a metallic bathing suit. While visiting friends, Alan ponders his lifestyle, then returns Julie to her home and leaves with Bors. In Las Vegas, Morgan and Tuck return to the knights hotel room to find the men are drunk and fighting with each other. Outside, Alan and Bors confront Morgan, insisting that he cannot break off from the troupe and there can only be one king. Alan and Bors ride back to camp, followed by Morgan and the other knights on their new motorcycles, and Tuck and Judy in his truck. The troupe is excited to see them and Alan promises to fight for the king again, if Billy will let him. Joe confronts Morgan about his contract and is rebuffed, but stays to watch the knights hold a private tournament. After a series of battles, Morgan defeats Alan to win Billy's crown. As Morgan crowns his queen, Angie, Linet embraces Billy, then steps off the throne into Alan's arms. Billy says goodbye, then drives off with the Indian. He fulfills his promise to fight the corrupt policeman, and finds young Billy, giving him a sword instead of an autograph. Later, as Billy, still weak from his injuries, imagines he is a knight on a steed, he is hit by a truck and dies. The troupe gathers for Billy's funeral, and a black bird watches them ride away, led by King Morgan.
tt0083619
Western
One great legend portrays another in this critically acclaimed, highly original Western. Willie Nelson is Barbarosa, a notorious outlaw whose name is both feared and hated by residents of a Mexican village. He is married to Josephina (Isela Vega), but her father, Don Braulio (Gilbert Roland), despises him-so much, in fact, that he has given his sons the mission of killing Barbarosa. Undaunted, Barbarosa creeps into the village by night to see his wife; by day he outruns and outwits his would-be assassins. When Barbarosa meets Karl (Gary Busey), a naive farmhand also on the run for an accidental killing, he decides to teach him the tricks of his trade.
tt0109575
Action,Horror,Sci-Fi
The film starts out with a scene at a demolished roadside diner, with everything inside slaughtered by a malfunctioned secret project by the codename Hardman, invented and manufactured by Chaank, a megacorporation producing various military hardware. Public outcry ensues, and Cale is introduced as the company's investigating Chief Executive. Ridley, head of the board of directors, tries to cover things up, but she gets the wind of all the illegal activity going on in the company. Cale demands immediate and full public disclosure, along with Dante, who works on numerous projects, including the Hardman, being fired. This doesn't seem to get much of a reaction from anyone besides Dante himself who takes an eerie interest in Cale, confronting her on a few occasions with knowledge about her finances, past life, and ID information. Meanwhile Cale wants to know what project Dante is currently working on in vault 10 (apparently mechanical shops in the building are designated as vaults), as he never submits reports and is being less than cooperative. Ridley, scared, refuses to help, telling her outright that her recently deceased predecessor who took interest in Dante's work ethics soon met with a grisly death right in the corporate headquarters, most likely by the very project Dante is working on. During the conversation she steals his access card in order to investigate on her own. At the same time a trio of stoner pacifist eco-warriors are planning an infiltration of the company's headquarters in order to destroy its digitally stored assets and put Chaank out of business. Somehow, Dante finds out that Cale has the card now, and confronts Ridley on the issue, soon after killing him by what the viewer can assume is his invention. Carpenter calls up Cale the same night after finding Ridley's mutilated body by means of implanted life-sign transmitter that everyone in the corporation has. She arrives, and finds out that whatever it was that killed him came out of the infamous vault 10, and taking matters in her own hands, terminates Dante's employment and seals the vault. Dante is about to shoot her when the trio of eco-warriors show up and take them hostage. They need to gain access to the secure areas of the building in order to destroy the company's digitally stored bonds, but Cale refuses to cooperate. Raimi, apparent leader of the gang, goes to an alternate plan to cut through the doors and the bulkhead leading to the containment. Dante, sensing his chance, "helps" them by suggesting to cut through one of the vaults surrounding the containment instead, leading them to what is revealed to be vault 10. Once the vault is open, he jumps in, activates his invention (he calls it the Warbeast, or Frontline Morale Destroyer as that seems to be its official designation and purpose), which promptly kills off one of the teammates, Weyland. Raimi flees for his life, meeting up with Yutani and subdued Cale and Carpenter, when Dante broadcasts his demands on the monitor, demanding his employment reinstated, and Cale "interfacing with him on a regular basis". Raimi and Yutani terminate the operation and attempt to get out of the building, with Carpenter and Cale tagging along.
tt0080040
Horror
Eileen (Robin Sherwood) and her boyfriend Woody (Keith McDermott) are driving through the desert. When their car gets a flat tire, Woody goes to find a gas station. Their friends Becky (Tanya Roberts), Jerry (Jon Van Ness) and Molly (Jocelyn Jones) are traveling separately in a different vehicle. They reach Eileen waiting at the car and they all drive off to collect Woody. Woody has found a gas station but it appears deserted. He enters the back room but becomes trapped when the door closes by itself behind him. Various mannequins appear in the room, and multiple objects fly at him until a metal pipe impales and kills him. A little later, Eileen, Becky, Molly and Jerry happen upon a run-down ghost town called 'Slausen's Lost Oasis' (the tourist trap in the title) and conclude Woody is there. As they drive in, their vehicle mysteriously breaks down. Jerry tries to fix his jeep and the girls go skinny dipping in a nearby oasis. As the three women swim, a strange-looking middle-aged man, who introduces himself as Mr. Slausen (Chuck Connors) appears holding a shotgun. Though outwardly polite, he also seems embittered by the decline of his tourist trap since the local expressway was moved away. The three nude girls feel awkward in the water as he casually chats with them, and they apologize for trespassing on his property. Slausen offers to help Jerry with the jeep, but insists the group go to his house with him to get his tools. There, they see the tourist trap: animated wax works type figures including armed bandits. Eileen is curious about a nearby house, but Slausen insists the women stay inside the museum. Slausen takes Jerry to fix the jeep leaving the women. Eileen leaves to find a phone in the other house. There she finds several mannequins inside the house. Someone calls her name, and a stranger wearing a grotesque mask suddenly appears behind her. Various items in the room move of their own accord and the scarf Eileen is wearing tightens and strangles her to death. Slausen returns to Molly and Becky saying that Jerry drove his truck into town. When told that Eileen left, he goes to the house and finds Eileen has been turned into a mannequin. He returns and tells Molly and Becky he did not find Eileen and will leave again to continue the search. Frustrated, the women also later leave to search for her. Becky enters the nearby house and finds a mannequin resembling Eileen. Becky is attacked by the masked killer and then by multiple mannequins. She later wakes up tied up in the basement along with Jerry. Jerry says the killer is Slausen's brother. Also held captive is a young woman named Tina (Dawn Jeffory), who is strapped to a table. She is killed when the masked man covers her face with plaster, causing her to suffocate. Jerry frees himself and attacks the killer, but is soon overpowered. Tied back up, Jerry tries to reach for a key but the killer telepathically moves it from his reach... revealing that the killer has the power of telekinesis. Molly, still outside searching for the others, is pursued by the masked man. She meets Slausen who drives her to the museum and gives her a gun while he goes inside. The masked man appears and Molly shoots, but the gun is loaded with blanks. The man removes the mask: it is Slausen. She panics and tries to elude Slausen but is soon captured and restrained to a bed. Meanwhile, Becky and Jerry escape from the basement but, get separated. Slausen appears and takes Becky to the museum. There the Old West figures begin shooting at her, and she is killed by a Indian Chief figure who throws a knife at her, stabbing her in the back of the neck. Back at the house, Molly manages to untie herself and attempts to look for a way out. She is forced to hide when Slausen appears again and, using his telekinesis, makes many of the mannequins move by themselves. He finds Molly hiding and invites him to dance with him. Jerry arrives to rescue Molly, but he is revealed to have unknowingly been turned into a mannequin as Slausen reveals it by "removing" his arm. Slausen dances with the mannequin figure of his wife, and Molly sees that the wife has become animated as a real person. Traumatized by all of this, Molly finds a hatchet where she sneaks up behind Slausen, and slams the axe into his shoulder as he turns around. With Slausen finally dead and his power gone, all of the mannequins in the room stop moving. The film then ends where it takes place the next morning, and a grinning and clearly insane Molly is seen driving away in the jeep with the mannequin versions of her friends.
tt0082924
Action,Comedy,Fantasy
The story starts as a retrospective, as police officer Dave Speed (Terence Hill) faces his fourth execution attempt (this time by the electric chair) for the alleged murder of his superior and friend, Sergeant Willy Dunlop (Ernest Borgnine). While taking his last walk once more, Dave reminisces about how this all got started. Coming fresh from the police academy, Dave is sent to deliver a parking ticket to the member of a tiny Indian village in the Florida Everglades. Unbeknownst to him, the U.S. government and NASA are preparing to conduct a secret radiation experiment in the town by firing a nuclear missile loaded with red plutonium into the village (which had long since been evacuated). Dave, the only person in the village, is hit by the radiation but does not die, and returns to civilization. His tale of having been close to the explosion is marvel led at by most, but dismissed by Dunlop. As time passes, Dave discovers that he has picked up a wide range of superpowers, including super reflexes and speed, endurance, telekinesis, precognition, hypnotism, and the ability to survive a window drop from the 23rd story of a building unscathed. What is more puzzling is that sometimes his powers suddenly fail to work whenever he sees the color red. But his powers, even with their limitation, come as an advantage when counterfeit money is found throughout the city. The masterminds behind this scheme are a local businessman named Torpedo (Marc Lawrence) and his mistress Rosy Labouche (Joanne Dru), a former actress on whom Dunlop has a serious crush. Right now, however, Dave is less a danger to them than an old retired magician named Silvius (Herbie Goldstein), who had inadvertently discovered how Torpedo transports his counterfeit money and now finds himself chased by Torpedo's henchmen. As it turns out, Silvius had also gained superpowers the same way Dave did, and reveals his secret to the young policeman as he flees the city: Whenever he sees the color he saw at the explosion, his power is nullified for as long as he observes it. Dave reveals his secret to Dunlop and Evelyn, who are less than ecstatic about it. While Dunlop points out that Dave's precognitive abilities, which helped uncover Torpedo's scam, is unlikely to be admitted as evidence in court, Evelyn is not overjoyed at having a too-perfect man in the house. One night, Dave and Dunlop proceed to Torpedo's clubhouse, where Dave has Dunlop dance with Rosie (with some hypnotic encouragement) while he poses as a corrupt cop who wants a share of the winnings. By using his hypnotic powers on Torpedo, he gets the gangster to blab out the location of his printing facility: the fishing trawler Barracuda. But in the meantime, Dunlop inadvertently tells Rosie about Dave's powers and weaknesses in order to impress her. Once the information is obtained, Dave and Dunlop proceed out to sea to find the Barracuda. Going aboard alone, Dunlop finds the printing press and the latest stash of money, but is knocked out by Torpedo's men, who lock him into a freezer and then sink the trawler to destroy the evidence. Upon his return to police headquarters, Dave is arrested following a trumped-up accusation by Rosie, who also makes sure that he keeps seeing something red to prevent his escape from prison, though she could not do so during the first three execution attempts. Despite Rosie's last-ditch attempt to ensure Dave's demise by having a bouquet of red roses left in the execution chamber, Dave finally manages to escape prison and jumps into the sea, where he promptly swims to the Barracuda. Once he finds Dunlop aboard, alive but frozen stiff, he uses a borrowed piece of bubblegum to create a balloon, and both men rise out of the ocean and float back to the city. Having heard of Dave's escape, Torpedo and Rosie prepare to flee with Evelyn as their hostage. Dave manages to intercept them by jumping onto their amphibian aircraft and redirecting it to an airfield where the police are waiting. Finally convinced of the validity of Dave's powers, Dunlop over-confidently jumps off the balloon while Dave races to save him with Rosie's red feather boa wrapped around his legs. At the last instant, he manages to catch Dunlop (though in the process they wind up plunging through the earth and straight up to China), and both return safe and sound to prepare for Dave's and Evelyn's wedding. However, Evelyn, still reluctant to have a super-powered husband, has decided to have the last word in the matter by having her hair dyed red.
tt0084633
Comedy,Family
The film centers around a six-year-old girl named Savannah (Andersen), whose father (Graves) is running for the United States Senate. Because Savannah's parents pay no attention to her, she decides to run away, leaving a note before she flees. Unfortunately, her father, fearing the note may hurt his chances of winning the election, burns it and admonishes the maid not to tell anyone. When her aunt picks her up and they go to the park, Savannah switches cars and ends up with two escaped (and incompetent) convicts. (Miller, who also wrote the film directly for the screen, and Scott acted out the convicts.) The convicts take her in and soon discover that her father has posted a reward of $100,000 for her safe return. Unexpectedly, they grow close to her, and Savannah finds the love and attention she always wanted. The convicts arrange to return her, with the help of the family priest (Noriyuki "Pat" Morita), but she becomes lost in the mountains. The convicts refuse the opportunity to escape in order to search for her and bring her back safely, ultimately surrendering to the priest and the police.
tt0074995
Drama
Set during the spring and summer of 1953 in rural Mississippi, Billy Joe McAllister flirts with Bobbie Lee Hartley as she crosses the Tallahatchie Bridge after the school bus lets her off as she walks on her way to her family's farm along a dirt road. Bobbie Lee reminds him that her father, Glenn, still thinks of her as a child, even though she is 15-years-old and has been wearing a brassiere for two years. A friend since childhood, Billy Joe teases her about "Benjamin," the imaginary friend in whom Bobbie Lee has always confided, and offers himself as a replacement. Bobbie Lee says nothing but is delighted by Billy Joe's attention. That evening, Brother Taylor, the local Baptist preacher, has dinner with the Hartleys, and Bobbie Lee is asked by her parents to play a hymn on the piano. Later, Billy Joe is at a saloon with some co-workers from the local sawmill where exotic dancer Belinda Wiggs is giving a performance, but he becomes uncomfortable and leaves. Meanwhile, Bobbie Lee is in her bedroom reading aloud from 'Torrid Romance'. The next morning, Bobbie Lee and her mother, Anna, pack eggs for market while Glenn loads cans of milk onto his pickup truck. Anna empathizes with her daughter's sexual curiosity and, although she knows her advice is inadequate, reminds Bobbie Lee that "when the sap rises, a girl has to count to ten." While driving their wares to market, Glenn and Bobbie Lee are trapped on the bridge by a pickup truck containing three drunken boys from Alabama. Glenn's inability to pass or shift into reverse results in a shoving match between the two trucks, which leaves Glenn's vehicle balanced precariously on the edge of the bridge. Bobbie Lee runs to Dewey Barksdale's sawmill to get help from James, her older brother, who works there. As she returns to the bridge with James and sawmill workers Tom Hargitay and Billy Joe, they are hindered by the Alabama boys, who veer continuously across the narrow road. Glenn is rescued, but his truck is badly damaged, which infuriates James. On Sunday morning, outside the church, congregants compliment Brother Taylor on his sermon denouncing premarital sex, while Billy Joe tells Bobbie Lee of his intention to call on her that evening. She warns him of her father's strictness, but Billy Joe is undaunted. Toward evening, Bobbie Lee complains to Glenn about the family's need for electricity and indoor plumbing, before introducing the subject of "gentleman callers." When he asks her age, she answers, "32B," referring to her bra size. Glenn promises to allow callers in two years, when she is "34". Bobbie Lee is exasperated and goes outside for a walk. While complaining aloud about the backward ways of her community, Bobbie Lee encounters Billy Joe. They walk to the side of a pond where they share their first kiss, before falling in. At the sawmill the next day, the teasing that Billy Joe endures from James and Tom reinforces his desire to move to another town. Meanwhile, a mother-daughter discussion of womanhood is interrupted when Glenn surprises his family with a new toilet. The following afternoon, Billy Joe forces his way onto the school bus and makes public his intentions toward Bobbie Lee. She pretends to be embarrassed, but after they get off the bus, Bobbie Lee hints that her father may become more open-minded once the toilet is installed. That Saturday night, Barksdale's sawmill hosts a musical event called the Okolona River Bottom Jamboree. While people dance inside, a group of prostitutes create a makeshift brothel in an adjacent structure. After getting Billy Joe intoxicated on beer, Tom brings him to the brothel. In the parking lot, James discovers the truck belonging to the Alabama boys, and a brawl ensues, resulting in a broken jaw for one of the boys. On Tuesday morning, Trooper Ned and Trooper Bosh appear at the sawmill, along with Billy Joe's father, Dan McAllister, who is looking for his missing son. Later that afternoon, Bobbie Lee finds Billy Joe by the pond. He has been hiding in the woods for the last three days, ashamed of a sin he committed at the Jamboree. When they both admit to loving each other, he asks her to meet him on the bridge at dusk to consummate their relationship. After dinner, Bobbie Lee finds the rag doll she named "Benjamin" and brings it with her to the bridge. When she arrives, Brother Taylor is fishing nearby, and Billy Joe, who is extremely tense, accidentally drops Benjamin into the river; this is witnessed by Brother Taylor. Once the preacher has left, they head to a wooded area, but Billy Joe is unable to perform. He bursts into tears and admits to having intercourse with a man, and must therefore be a homosexual. Bobbie Lee refuses to believe it and wants to resume their lovemaking, but he declines and sends her home. She tries to encourage him with the news that her father will allow gentleman callers. Billy Joe promises that he will do better next time. The next morning, the sheriff and his troopers pull Billy Joe's body from the river. At the funeral service, Brother Taylor professes that at least one among the congregation knows the reason for Billy Joe's suicide. Sometime later, while Bobbie Lee collects eggs in the chicken coup, James informs her that the McAllisters sold their house and have moved to Vicksburg, Mississippi. James falsely believes that his sister is pregnant by Billy Joe, as does almost everyone else in town, and is concerned that her reputation is ruined while Billy Joe becomes a folk hero. The neighbors have stopped speaking to Bobbie Lee's mother, and Glenn's deacon-ship with the church has been terminated after 20 years. James recommends that his sister seek an abortion, but Bobbie Lee says nothing in her own defense. One morning at dawn, Bobbie Lee leaves the farm with her suitcase and encounters Dewey Barksdale on the bridge. When she explains that she is leaving on the next bus, he tells her to stay and defend herself, aware that she is not pregnant. Barksdale admits that he was the man who seduced Billy Joe, and was on his way to tell her family. Bobbie Lee asks Dewey to keep his secret, believing that the truth would ruin his life and Billy Joe's reputation. She is less concerned about herself, admitting that the scandal makes her feel like the heroine in a story from Torrid Romance. Barksdale requests the honor of driving Bobbie Lee to the depot. In a montage set one year later, James is married to his girlfriend Becky Thompson, Glenn has died from influenza, Anna is in mourning, and Bobbie Lee throws flowers off the Tallahatchie Bridge as a tribute to Billy Joe.
tt0075232
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
Boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl!
tt0071675
Horror
Lenore Davis (Sharon Farrell) wakes her husband, Frank (John Ryan), to tell him she is about to give birth. On the way to the hospital, the couple drops off their son, Chris (Daniel Holzman), at the home of Charley (William Wellman Jr.), a family friend. Suffering from painful contractions, Lenore tells Frank that this labor feels more difficult than her first. In the delivery room, she insists something is wrong, but the doctor promises everything will be fine. As Frank waits in the hallway, he sees a nurse, covered in blood, emerge from the delivery room and collapse. Rushing to Lenore's aide, Frank discovers that everyone but Lenore has been killed. Hysterical, Lenore demands to know what her baby boy looks like, but the newborn has disappeared. Later, the police question Frank and Lenore, asking why they inquired about abortion earlier in Lenore's pregnancy. Frank says they only briefly considered the option before deciding that they definitely wanted another child. The next morning, a woman hears a baby crying outside her home. As she approaches Frank and Lenore's newborn, she sees his large fangs with claws and panics. Frank loses his job at a public relations firm due to the controversy over his killer baby. After bringing Lenore home from the hospital, he calls their son Chris to say he must stay with Charley a bit longer and lies that the infant is sick. Another dead body is found, and soon after, the killing spree continues when the baby murders a milkman while gorging on milk inside his truck. Meanwhile, a pharmaceutical executive tells Dr. Norton, a local physician, that they must cover up the incident and destroy the baby's body, since Lenore once took a birth control pill manufactured by his corporation that could have caused the child's birth defects. Later that day, Dr. Norton visits the Davis home with a university professor who persuades Frank to sign away his rights to the baby's body once he is captured. After the visitors are gone, Frank receives a call meant for Dr. Norton and learns that the baby has been cornered at a local school. There, Frank speaks with Lt. Perkins, who promises that the police do not blame the father for his baby's actions. Meanwhile, the mutant baby attacks a policeman and escapes into the woods. The next morning, Frank retrieves milk bottles on his doorstep and notices that Lenore has packed the refrigerator with food. Although Lenore wants Chris to return home, Frank insists their son is better off at Charley's. Waking from a nightmare, Frank is spooked by Lenore when he looks for her. Frank discovers that the milk from that morning has been consumed and asks if their son Chris has been home. Lenore does not answer, so Frank calls Charley's house and confirms that Chris is there. Frank returns to the refrigerator and sees that more food is missing since he last checked. As Chris escapes Charley's house and runs home, Frank walks upstairs in a daze and checks the baby's room. Although he finds no one in the crib, the door slams behind him and Frank panics. Sneaking in through the basement, Chris finds the family cat dead and bloodied. Retrieving his handgun, Frank heads for the basement, but Lenore tries to stop him, saying the baby will not hurt his own father. Frank finds Chris in the basement, speaking softly to his baby brother. Searching for Chris, Charley shows up, and the baby attacks him, prompting Frank to shoot at the child. The baby escapes through a window, and as police arrive, Frank begs to join Lt. Perkins, saying he must be the one to kill his infant son. Later that night, the police determine that the baby has been traveling via the sewer system. Carrying a police-issued rifle, Frank descends into the sewer with several police officers. Veering off alone, Frank finds his child crying into clawed hands and sympathizes with the mutant offspring. Covering the baby with his trench coat, Frank picks him up and flees. A police barricade greets father and son as they emerge from the sewer. Frank begs the police to spare the baby's life, saying he should be researched, not killed. However, when Dr. Norton orders police to shoot, Frank throws the baby at Norton. As the baby kills Norton, his final victim, police shoot the infant dead. Driving away, Perkins gets word that another killer mutant baby has been born in Seattle, Washington.
tt0073918
Action,Crime,Drama
Harry Kilmer (along with friend George Tanner) were in Japan after the war in the Pacific ended. During this time Kilmer met and fell in love with a beautiful Japanese woman named Eiko Tanaka. But for some reason Kilmer cannot fathom and which Eiko will not tell him, she will not marry him. Finally he leaves Japan and returns home to the USA where he does some police and detective work to earn a living. Tanner continues a business relationship with some very shady underworld figures in Japan (the Yakuza) and in particular with the local boss Tono. In fact he is selling guns to this mafia like organization, but on one transaction he fails to deliver. As a consequence the Yakuza kidnap Tanner's daughter and Tanner turns to Kilmer to help him try to recover his daughter safely. So Kilmer returns to Japan to do what he can for his then friend. He visits Eiko of which their mutual love is quite apparent but who will still not marry him. We also meet her brother, Ken Tanaka who once was a Yakuza himself but resigned and became a respectable swordsman instructor in the ancient tradition of Japanese warfare by the sword. Ken is a master swordsman. Ken is a strange man ("he who never smiles"), and only reluctantly helps Kilmer to rescue Tanner's daughter. He does so because of the totally Japanese concept of obligation or rather burden called "giri", a social tradition of the old world of Japan. It is by this tradition, in fact, that Ken is bound to assist Kilmer since Kilmer did in fact, save Eikos life during those terrible days after the war. It is then that Ken takes up the sword once again to actually fight (rather than teach), and joins Kilmer in the rescue. The result is a bloody battle to (successfully) rescue Tanners daughter. Unfortunately two of the Yakuza men guarding the captive are killed in the fight, so now the Yakuza, and in particular the boss Tono put a price on heads of both Kilmer and Ken. And while Kilmer can just get on a plane and fly home where the Yakuza will not bother him, Ken is a different story and will definitely die at Tonos bidding. Kilmer decides he cannot do this after what Ken has done for him. He seems to feel the "giri" himself and, in fact, feels he is obligated to Ken. They talk it over and decide there is no choice but to try to kill Tono. It is either Ken or Tono, they figure. Kilmer and Ken then undertake the most dangerous venture, to break into and attack the secure Yakuza compound where Tono hangs out along his henchmen. This could be a form of suicide especially since Japanese (and Yakuza) tradition require that Tono die by the sword and not by a gunshot (Kilmer has two or three guns but Ken only his sword). As a Yakuza Ken can only use a sword. They break in and hold the mob at bay briefly. Ken says I come (only) for Tono, but this makes little difference to the mob and a battle ensues where between Ken's master swordsmanship and Kilmer's threatening (and sometimes deadly) gunfire they succeed in wiping out this mob. (Note that the Yakuza gangsters have only swords, no guns.) At some point earlier in the movie we learn of another strange Yakuza custom concerning the custom of "giri". If the person who is obligated cannot repay his burden he may make a symbolic offering by severing the one of his small fingers (his pinkie) at the joint and giving it to the person to whom he is indebted. If the person accepts the token of forgiveness of burden then the matter is resolved. We see this ritual twice as Ken offers this "giri" to his older brother (who is actually only a brother in the Yakuza sense), but who is socially a prominent businessman and one of enough influence to have covered up the massacres. (NOTE: The following is a serious spoiler-do not read it if you plan to see the movie): Ken (much against) his Yakuza brothers will, performs this ritual and is unhappily forgiven his burden by this brother. Kilmer on the other hand learns something from the brother he could never have imagined. It turns out that the reason Eiko could never marry Kilmer is that she is married to Ken. Ken is actually her husband, not her brother. He had hid in a cave after the war and only several years later found his wife, now comfortably set up with a small tea house business bought for her by Kilmer. Thus when Ken returns this totally torn man must honor Kilmer for saving and then helping his wife because of his "giri" and so tells Kilmer that he is her brother. In the end Kilmer takes a taxi to the airport but is himself torn by his "giri" to Ken. He tells the cab driver to turn around and goes back to see Ken. Kilmer tells him he came back because there is something important he must talk to him about. This is true, but while Ken goes for tea Kilmer himself performs the ritual of severing his pinky and in the tradition, putting it in a handkerchief, offers it to a shocked, but an emotionless Ken when he returns. Kilmer asks Ken to accept his token of apology for what HE HAS DONE (to Kens life however unwittingly), and asks him to please forgive Eiko as well. Ken, of course accepts, and says the words which seem to be the traditional response "no man has a greater friend." Finally the two men with bandaged pinkies go to the airport for a final goodbye and Kilmer leaves, very emotionally, for home.
tt0081237
Comedy,Drama,Horror
Billy Cutshaw (Scott Wilson), a former astronaut who fell into madness, lives in a large castle in a forest region of the Pacific Northwest. Meanwhile, Colonel Vincent Kane (Stacy Keech Jr.), a former member of the United States Marine Corps who has recurring nightmares, is being driven to the castle. On the way there, they pass a pickup truck, going in the other direction, that is overloaded with members of a biker gang; in the pickup there is an old man tied to a chair. Upon arrival, the castle's military staff struggles to maintain discipline in the rowdy and irreverent patients. Kane begins speaking to a doctor, but discovers that the doctor is actually another patient in disguise. Colonel Fell (Ed Flanders) exposes the impostor and reveals himself as the real doctor. Kane allows several patients into his office to talk about respective delusions, and insists that he is always available to listen to the patients. Cutshaw accepts an offer to give Kane his saint's medallion. Kane later notes about the curative properties of "shock therapy" and inspects Cutshaw's medallion and grips the chain. Fell wakes Kane from another nightmare and questions him about his dreams. Kane says that they are another man's nightmares, explaining that another man described the dreams to him and now he gets them as well. Fell asks who the man was, and Kane responds that it was his brother, who is a "murderer". Kane asks if Fell has heard of Vincent "Killer" Kane, a guerrilla soldier personally responsible for killing dozens of enemies. Kane says "Killer" Kane was his brother, but is now dead. Fell leaves, but as he closes Kane's door his jovial demeanor breaks suddenly into sobs. Later, Cutshaw talks with another patient about Kane. Cutshaw suspects that Kane is crazy himself. He asserts that psychiatrists often go crazy and have the highest suicide rate of any profession. Cutshaw goes to talk with Kane again, angrily denying the existence of a purpose or divine plan. Kane, who believes that the existence of a God is far more likely than humanity having emerged from "random chance", tries to argue that deeds of pure self-sacrifice are proof of human goodness, which can only be explained by divine purpose. Cutshaw demands that Kane recall one concrete example of pure self-sacrifice from his personal experience, but Kane cannot. Cutshaw convinces Kane to take him to a church service. Cutshaw interrupts the service with several outbursts. Looking at an altar boy, Kane momentarily sees a Vietnamese boy, but he dispels the illusion with difficulty. Back at the castle, Cutshaw thanks Kane and asks him to send him a sign as proof of an afterlife should Kane die first. Kane promises to try. Another patient named Lt. Reno (Jason Miller), who is staging a production of Hamlet using dogs as actors, gives a long speech to Kane asserting that Hamlet had to pretend to be crazy in order to stay sane. As he leaves, he meets with Cutshaw, who asks if "they bought it". The director responds, "Hell, I bought it". A new patient is scheduled to arrive at the castle and Kane goes to meet him. Kane instantly recognizes the soldier, triggering a flashback. In the jungles of Vietnam, the soldier stumbles upon Kane, who is kneeling on the ground and muttering that he cut a boy's head off with a wire, but the boy "kept on talking". Insisting that they need to leave, the soldier advances on Kane, whom he sees is holding a severed head in his hands. Kane screams and the flashback ends. In the castle, Kane collapses unconscious. Fell explains to the staff that Kane really is Vincent "Killer" Kane, and had suffered a breakdown in Vietnam. When Fell, who is actually Kane's brother Hudson, was dispatched back to America, Kane received the dispatch by accident. Kane came to believe that he was really his psychiatrist brother in order to escape from his guilt. He returned to America, subconsciously hoping to heal people to make up for his "murders". Realizing Kane's mental state, the Army psychiatric staff maintained the charade and sent him to Fell's hospital under the pretext of being its commanding officer. In reality, Fell has been the commanding officer all along. Kane awakens and remembers nothing of the incident. Cutshaw escapes the castle and visits a local bar. A biker gang recognizes Cutshaw and begins brutalizing him. A waitress contacts Kane, who arrives at the bar to retrieve him. The gang brutalize and tries to rape Cutshaw. However, Kane snaps and kills most of the bikers with his bare hands. Back at the castle, Cutshaw visits Kane, who has wrapped himself in a blanket. Dreamy and distant, Kane disjointedly mumbles to Cutshaw about God and proof of human goodness before passing out. As Cutshaw leaves, Kane's hand emerges from his blankets and drops a bloody knife. Cutshaw soon notices a spot of blood on his shoe. Returning to Kane's office, Cutshaw discovers that Kane has sacrificed his own life to directly provide the concrete example of human goodness which he was unable to demonstrate earlier. Some time later, Cutshaw has returned to uniform and visits the now-abandoned castle. He sits in Kane's office and reads a note written to him by Kane. Kane writes that he hopes his death will "shock" Cutshaw back into sanity, but at any rate, he now has his one example of pure self-sacrifice. Cutshaw returns to his car and discovers that a saint's medallion has miraculously appeared on the seat. He turns it over to confirm whether it was the one he gave to Kane and silently rejoices at what he sees.
tt0084509
Animation,Adventure,Drama
A black dog (Christopher Benjamin) almost drowns, but at the last second he is rescued at some sort of scientific laboratory. The scenery outside that facility is grim and desolate. Dogs are kept onto cages, and when one of them dies, they are shoved aside with pales. Tyson (Warren Mitchell) is a hand workers who treats animals roughly. He throws Rowf to one side of the cage and some food carelessly on the other. Cage 732, the cage of the almost-drowned dog is left open by the careless feeder. The black dog is very weak, but another dog howls like a wolf and that makes Rowf mad. Snitter (John Hurt) sneaks into Rowlfs's cage. Rowf eats his food and he leaves with Snitter, who wears a kind of green cap. The laboratory is a scary place, even for a human. They have monkeys, rabbits, mice... imprisoned, unable to move. Regardless of what they are trying to research, it looks that Dr. W. Goodner likes torturing animals. A monkey makes noise, scaring the escaping dogs; they throw a glass mouse cage, and the mice immediately run away. They soon find a lock door, but they manage to get into the incinerator, which they consider a death place. Snitter is the first to jump, and Rowf feels that he has not other option than to go behind him. There is only ash and bones there. They rest and sleep there for a while. Snitter dreams of an owner in the city; that person died to push him out of a lorry's way. A female voice accuses Snitter of having killed the person. Snitter wakes up startled and he has trouble waking Rowf up. He can feel that fresh air comes from another opening, so they go through that hole on the wall when the doctor throws a dead dog to the incinerator and is about to turn it on. Suspense because Rowf has got stuck, but he and Snitter escape in the last second. They are free now. They stare at the stars. Snitter stares at the burnt black dead landscape, and wonders how the men destroyed the city and all the masters. He still thinks that there have to be masters somewhere, although Rowf doubts it. Rowf is hungry, but Snitter still thinks about the landscape and the stillness of the night. They reach a village. Snitter wants to be adopted, but Rowlf splashes the rubbish bin contents all over the place, so the man throws a stone at him. Snitter tells him that they have to behave properly if they want to get anything from masters. Their mouths water at the sight of a supermarket, but they see a butcher sharpening a knife, and they run away. Snitter tries to attack the white lines of a road. The driver of the car who has just run over Snitter stops to pick him up, but Rowf prevents it. Snitter thought they were beloved masters, but Rowl tells him that their green coats showed that they wanted to put Snitter back onto the prison/laboratory. Dr. Boycott (Nigel Hawthorne) and a laboratory assistant (Brian Stirner) think that the two dogs which are constantly running after the village sheep must be the dogs which escaped from the lab. Snitter sees a "master", a shepherd who uses sheep dogs; Snitter thinks that this master will take care of them pretty soon. They try to behave like the sheep dogs, but they become trampled by the flock of sheep and the sheep dogs () accuse them of spoiling their good work, as they make all the sheep run away. Snitter wants to prove humans that he can be a good dog, after all, he didn't kill his master on purpose. Rowf and Snitter wander around the land. Rowf is more aggressive, although the terrified Snitter confuses some molds with threatening bear-like silhouettes. October 18 - Day 4 Blood spilling over the rocks and into a river: the two friends killed a sheep. Rowlf got quite a beating anyway, and he wants to give up. Snitter tells him that he can't stay there in the open. Snitter travels on his own until he finds an abandoned mine. Snitter has faith that, in that secret place, they will be safe and nobody will be able to find them, although Rowf tells him that there's no hope in that god-forsaken place. So the two dogs start killing sheep; there is a stream nearby where they can drink to their content. Rowf can feel that humans are a danger to them still. Rowf is a good hunter. Once, they see a fox who tells them that they have no chance without him. Snitter thinks that The Tod (James Bolam) can help them survive, but Rowf looks at him suspiciously, as he can be a vulgar thief. Tod tells them that if they keep on killing sheep that way, people will catch them soon. October 26 - Day 12 Snitter scratches himself and finally gets rid of the green cap, probably contaminated with some disease; Snitter bites the cap. Meanwhile, Rowf and Tod run after a sheep. Snitter push the sheep down a cliff, killing it; he almost falls behind it, but Tod and Rowf tell him he has done good. Rowf inquires about Snitter's head, and he licks the wound. Ducks and ducklings are swimming in a pong and fighting over some green algae. Tod catches one. The three of them kills many hens At the Crown bar, the villagers comment on the intelligent wild creatures who are killing all their poultry. They feel powerless to stop them. Tod still thinks that the sheep are still too much of a risk - humans will get really mad at them if they keep of killing their sheep. Tod decides to leave them, and Rowlf thinks it's just as well. November 1 - Day 18 Snitter still believes in the master who will take care after them. The scientists raid the area with hunting dogs. The Tod comes back asking for the remains of the food; in exchange, he tells them about the dogs which are all over the place. Tod takes the two friends deep onto the mine. Bats fly by when humans reach the entrance. The three allies leave through a broken hole on the wall. They cross a stream and they let a herd of reindeer be. Meanwhile, the scientists are arguing about the dogs. Williamson (John Franklyn-Robbins) calls the research facility inquiring if they have lost any dogs, but the person who picks up the phone refuses to give a straight answer. The monkeys are still imprisoned and suffering. Rowf has learned to hunt like a wild animal, and the Tod laughs about it. November 8 - Day 25 They sleep at the ruins of a derelict village home. The hunt against them continues; one of the hunters spots Snitter through his binoculars and calls at him as though he were his dog. Snitter is a bit reluctant, but he's dreamed so much about having a master... He wags his tail and tries to show his happiness licking his "master's" face, but by accident, his leg gets stuck in the trigger of his shotgun, killing him. Snitter runs away. Rowf is also spotted, but he manages to run away. November 9 - Day 26 Rowf and the Tod look for Snitter, as Rowf doesn't want to leave him behind. A thunderstorm breaks. Robert Boycott (Malcolm Terris) phones the experimental station. Finally, Rowf finds Snitter, who thinks that he's destroyed every possibility they had of a happy ending. They are at an abandoned haystack. Snitter says that not even death will finish their pain, while Rowf tells him that he'll kill before being killed. November 15 - Day 32 A journalist says that ecologists will oppose the hunt if they hear about it; however, they want to have the Army involved. Snitter and Rowf eat rubbish. Two female voices comment that they seem to like to eat it. One of the ladies tries to scare them away with a broom. Snitter feels depressed once again. The lady catches Snitter and puts him inside a warehouse - he thinks that he's in a place of torture once again, but then, immediately starts daydreaming about him and his master by the fireplace. Rowf runs away and finds the Tod. They try to rescue Snitter, who doesnt want to leave, as he can imagine himself in a happy place. The woman has called the police. Snitter bites a man who tries to catch him. A Pekignese (Judy Geeson) is peeing at an oil station all over the place, and she tries to call her master's attention, but the human is so stupid that doesn't bother looking down. The Pekignese gets away running after some wild birds. The owner, Lynn Driver (Penelope Lee) hears that the dog which had suffered a brain operation is thought to be dead - he was experimented upon in a mind-confusing surgery, and that's why Snitter seems to be unable to distinguish the real world from his dreams. Lynn and his companion, her cameraman and editor (Bill Maynard) think that it's a pity that now, they will never know if the surgery was successful. They drive into the Coniston Animal Research (Scientific & Experimental) facility carelessly. A hunter arrives at the derelict house the three friends have been sleeping in, but they are not there. At Coniston, they are more worried about their reputation than anything else. The villagers create a state of panic as Lynn Driver speaks about the news. Snitter is constantly scratching his head - he is dreaming about an island; Rowf licks the wound, but Tod doesn't believe that. Tod insists that they have to stay ahead of humans all the time. They try to kill a deer and its offspring; Tod mocks them when the deer wins the fight with his antlers. Tod catches a fish and a frog: For Rowf and Snitter, that is something much more difficult. November 21 - Day 38 They approach a home with lighted windows in the night. Tod has drunk all the milk, and Rowf is angry, because they are really hungry. They are so desperate, that Rowf decides to enter the home to eat, although Snitter thinks that this is a bad idea. They take away a hen. The farmer's wife (Barbara Leigh-Hunt) convinces her husband not to shoot the dogs, in case they pass the bubonic plague onto them. The farmer pushes the body of the dead hen onto Rowf's mouths. It's increasingly cold - snow is everywhere now. The dogs are bony and hungry all the time. November 23 - Day 40 Now, it looks that they are in the North Pole, although they are supposed to be still in the Lake District. They sleep rough, covered by the remains of a wall. On the radio, Jeffrey Westook retells how he was attacked by the dogs -- or rather his car. Lynn Driver keeps on reporting from the Lake District. A farmer sees his own sheep dog talking to the two dogs. The sheep dog says that humans are afraid of the sickness within the two dogs. A hunter keeps after the two friends, and The Tod keeps after the hunter. The dogs are more and more tired. The hunter prepares to shoot the two exhausted dogs - a vulture has begun to fly in circles above them. The Tod distracts the hunter, so that he falls from a hill - his shot only succeeds in breaking Rowf's green collar. Now, the army and the police use even helicopters to follow the tracks of the animals: they find the eaten dead body of the hunter. They walk alongside a stream. Rowf says that he owes his life to the Tod. Dr Boycott can't deny that the green collar is one of theirs. The Major (Patrick Stewart) wants him to accept what happened. He says that the researchers didn't want to admit that the dogs may have infected with the bubonic plague; now, they are trying to kill all animals. The Minister of Defense sends two companies to catch the dogs. Rowf gets clumsy because of the weakness. Sheep keep on munching and chewing. They use dogs, helicopters, lorries, shotguns... The Tod thinks that if they manage to cross the valley unseen, they will be free forever... but it may be too late for Rowf and Snitter, they are so weak. The Tod opens the way and comes back for them. They have no other option than try to run for it. A helicopter sees them but loses them from sight soon. The dogs enter a train which has stopped for maintenance while the Tod lures the hunting dogs away. However, he gets hurt. When the train starts to move, Snitter and Rowf prefer to think that the Tod has managed to run away somehow, although we can see that he was killed. The train arrives at Ravenglass. They, the dogs can smell the sea. A helicopter spots them outside a tea bar. They run like crazy until they reach the shore. They stare at the beach, the sand, and they sit to rest for a while. Meanwhile, at the facility, the monkey keeps on hearing human voices. Snitter starts swimming towards the island of his dreams. Rowf hesitates, but the approaching soldiers push him to swim. Shots are heard. There is a thick fog which hides the helicopter and the two dogs. Rowf and Snitter swim and swim; they keep going and going within the thick fog. Snitter looks to be the more exhausted, and it's Rowf who encourages him saying "Stay with me", deep into the thick fog. CAPTION: Martin Rosen's production of The Plague Dogs and end credits. The summits of three mountains in an island can be seen against the horizon. ---written by KrystelClaire
tt0074554
Drama
Does Hecky himself turn anybody in? I remember he is an alcoholic with a ridiculous excuse for being one, namely that he saw his father drink one shot glass of whiskey every night by gulping it and so grew up thinking there is no way to drink except by gulping, though he consumes more than one glass. (What's your excuse?) And that he is blacklisted---did somebody rat him out in retaliation?
tt0080157
Drama,War
It is 1943 and streams of American soldiers are stationed in England awaiting orders for the D-Day Invasion, the end of World War II. Three soldiers and their involvement with three English women of different social classes metaphorically represent the larger relationship between England and America. The main story is about American Sgt. Matt Dyson (Richard Gere), and British girl Jean Moreton (Lisa Eichhorn). Dyson is a cook whose ambition is to return to America and establish a chain of Motels, whereas Jean seems satisfied to wait for her childhood boyfriend Ken (Derek Thompson) to return so they can start a family and a life together. The second romance concerns Officer John (William Devane) and his extramarital affair with Helen (Vanessa Redgrave), a socialite with an absent husband and troubled young son in boarding school. The third couple featured is about Sgt. Danny Ruffelo (Chick Vennera) and Mollie (Wendy Morgan) and their romance. The Americans experience a certain prejudice from the English and this reaches a climax at a New Year's dance where some of the White English women dance with some of the Black American Soldiers resulting in a brawl that leaves the couples at odds with each other. The American attitude voiced by Danny seems to be stick with your own kind, whereas the British attitude voiced by Jean is no one should be an outcast because of skin color. Eventually word comes that the war has ended and the Americans leave behind mixed memories of their stay.
tt0078350
Horror,Thriller
A group of soldiers led by Major Baker (Bradford Dillman) is ordered to investigate a basement level station which they believed was attacked. After Baker contacts his commander, Gen. Slater (Richard Widmark), they begin to investigate who drove a civilian van into the base. It is revealed to be owned by a scientist named Dr. Bradford Crane (Michael Caine), the only survivor of the attack. Slater orders two helicopters to check for a black mass (revealed to be bees), but the two helicopters are swarmed by the bees and explode, killing the pilots inside. Crane insists to Slater that the base was attacked by the same African killer bees that destroyed the helicopters. Helena Anderson (Katharine Ross), one of the base's doctors, supports Crane's story. Meanwhile, in the countryside, a family is attacked by a swarm of the bees. The teenaged son manages to escape in a Mustang, although he is also stung, and crashes into the Maryville town square, where the citizens are preparing for the annual flower festival. The boy is brought into the hands of military personnel, where he hallucinates a vision of giant bees attacking him, due to the aftereffects of the bee sting. Dr. Walter Krim (Henry Fonda) confirms to Crane that the very war they have feared for a long time has started against the bees. At the gates of the base, Slater must confront angry country bumpkin Jed Hawkins (Slim Pickens) who demands to see the dead body of his son, who was killed by the bees. Hawkins takes the body bag and departs, leaving the entire watching crowd silent over the loss. Slater suggests airdropping poison on the swarm, but Crane considers the ecological possibilities of the situation. Recovering from his earlier bee attack, the stung son and some friends go in search of the hive to firebomb it, which results only in angering the bees, who head to Marysville. The bees reach Marysville and kill hundreds, including some children at the local school. Crane and Helena take shelter at the local diner, with pregnant café waitress Rita (Patty Duke Astin). Reporter Anne McGregor (Lee Grant) watches from the safety of her news van, hoping to get some exciting footage about the siege. After this most recent attack, Slater suggests evacuating many of the townsfolk in a train. However, the bees manage to besiege the train as well, killing several evacuees, including a love triangle made up of schoolteacher Maureen Scheuster (Olivia de Havilland), retiree Felix Austin (Ben Johnson), and town Mayor Clarence Tuttle (Fred MacMurray), who also runs the town's drug store. Rita, confined to a hospital bed, gives birth to her child, falling in love with the doctor in the process. The savage swarm heads for Houston, so Crane drops eco-friendly bombs on them, hoping that the swarm senses will harm them and stay away from the city. The plan fails, and the young boy who released the swarm onto Marysville dies after once more visiting the hospital, which sends Helena into a rage about why the children have to die. Dr. Krim self-injects an experimental bee venom antidote to keep track of the results, although the trial proves fatal, and Krim dies from the effects of the venom. Meanwhile, nuclear power plant manager Dr. Andrews (Jose Ferrer) is convinced that his plant can withstand the attacks of the bees, ignoring the warnings of Dr. Hubbard (Richard Chamberlain). However, at that moment, the alarm sounds and the bees invade the plant, killing both Andrews and Hubbard, as well as completely destroying the plant and wiping out an entire town. Crane and Slater analyze tapes from the original bee invasion and come to the possible conclusion that their alarm system attracted the swarm into the base. The bees invade once more, so Slater uses a flame-thrower to allow Crane and Helena to escape. Sonically altered helicopters successfully manage to lure the bees out to sea, where they douse the water with oil and set the swarm ablaze. Crane wonders if their victory was overall successful or just temporary, then decides that "if we use our time wisely, the world just might survive."
tt0077234
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Rusty Regan (David Savile), former IRA- fighter and bootlegger, was in love with a Mona Grant (Diana Quick). Mona married Eddie Mars (Oliver Reed) instead, casino owner and racketeer, so Rusty married Charlotte Sternwood (Sarah Miles). Spoiled and psychic fragile Camilla Sternwood (Candy Clark), sister to Charlotte, shoots Rusty Regan who denied her advances. With help of Eddie Mars, Charlotte disposes of the body and Eddie nourishes hopes of a healthy bite in the sisters' heritage, once old man General Sternwood (James Stewart) dies. The General, of poor health, was very fond of his son- in- law Rusty. To avoid Charlotte or Eddie beeing suspected by the police, they spread rumour that Rusty left with Eddie Mars' wife. General Sternwood gets blackmailed by A. G. Geiger (John Justin) on account of Camilla. Some time earlier, Sternwood paid 5'000.- $ to Joe Brody (Edward Fox), also on account of Camilla. Sternwood hires Philip Marlowe (Robert Mitchum) to get rid of the problem. The blackmailer, Arthur Gwynn Geiger, is bisexuell and, with the fassade of an antique books store, involved in smut books and blackmailing. Owen Taylor (Martin Potter), chauffeur to the Sternwoods with a criminal record, wants to call Geiger on his machinations with Camilla, witnesses Geiger's taking nude photos of her drugged and shoots him. Takes the plate holder of the camera with him. Joe Brody, friend to Agnes Lozelle (Joan Collins), the front woman in Geiger's bookstore, was on his way to Geiger. Hears Taylor's shots, follows him and knocks him out. He takes the plate holder from him. Taylor awakenes, knocks out Brody and escapes without plate holder. Later Taylor is found killed in a Sternwood car in the harbour. According to the trivia in the Bogart/ Bacall- Version, not even Chandler knew who killed him... Karl Lundgren (Simon Fisher- Turner), Geiger's lover from his bookstore, comes to the appartment while Marlowe took the drugged Camilla to the Sternwood place. He hides the body to clear out his personal belongings. Marlowe misses the body when he returns and meets Eddie at Geiger's. Later, Lundgren, probably bitten by remorse, comes back, takes Geiger's body out of his hiding place and lays him out in state in his bed. Brody snaps the inventory of Geiger's smut library to run his own business. Marlowe gets at him and Agnes. Camilla appears and tries to shoot Brody; but Marlowe takes her gun. Brody is shot by Lundgren who thinks Brody shot Geiger. Lundgren is later turned over to the police by Marlowe. Earlier, Agnes and Brody saw Mona and Lash Canino (Richard Boome), paid killer for Eddie, by chance and followed them to their hiding place. Agnes wants to sell this information to Marlowe through Harry Jones (Colin Blakely), who gets killed by Canino in the process. Marlowe gets the information of Monas whereabouts. The place is Art Huck's garage, a hot car drop. Marlowe is done in by Huck and Canino. When these two leave, he is guarded by Mona. Marlowe is able to rouse suspicions in her about Eddie, so she lets Marlowe escape. Marlowe thinks getting oberpowered by Huck and Canino and released by Mona was a prearranged thing. Marlowe kills Canino in a shootout. General Sternwood asks Marlowe to look for the whereabouts of Rusty. On his way out he runs into Camilla and gives her her gun back. She wants shooting lessons from him. Marlowe had - unknown to her - loaded the guns with blanks which saved his life: She tries to shoot him because he refused Camilla earlier as Rusty did. Camilla is not turned over to the police, Marlowe tells Charlotte to bring her in a mental hospital.
tt0082200
Comedy,Romance
This movie is a procedural film about a city guy who makes too many enemies and gets sent out to the mountains. He meets a tough girl who eventually falls in love with him. Unfortunately they cannot live in the same environment. She comes to Chicago then has to go back to the mountain. They get married at an Amtrak station.Lots of funny sex on the train. In the end, they part ways, like oil and water.
tt0074802
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Twenty-one year-old Chris McCormick (Margaux Hemingway) is a top model for a company selling lipstick. McCormick has responsibility for her 14 year-old sister Kathy (Mariel Hemingway) as their parents were killed in a car crash. They share an apartment and Kathy attends a private, Catholic school. Kathy invites her handsome, young music teacher, Gordon Stuart (Chris Sarandon) to come to one of Chris's photo shoots along the ocean because she wants her older sister to hear his somewhat avant garde musical compositions. The shoot runs long, so Chris does not have a chance to hear it, but arrangements are made for him to stop by her apartment the next day to play it for her. The next day, Stuart arrives at the apartment, but Chris has forgotten the appointment and this causes her to greet him fresh out of the shower dressed in nothing but a robe. Stuart obviously hopes that if she likes his music she might be able to use some of her musical connections to help him. While he is playing a selection from his tape recorder (the composition uses a lot of environmental sounds with electronic synthesizers) Chris is interrupted with a phone call from her boyfriend Steve Edison (Perry King) and retreats to her bedroom. The interruption and Chris's apparent apathy toward his music enrages Stuart and he enters her bedroom smashing things and hitting her. He then throws her naked across her four poster bed and secures her spread-eagle on her stomach with silk scarves to the posts and sodomizes her. Toward the end of the rape Chris has stopped struggling so when little sister Kathy arrives home from school she enters the apartment and hears nothing amiss. She walks into Chris's bedroom via a connecting balcony and sees the scene, but does not realize that Chris is being forced against her will, so she leaves quietly, shutting the patio door behind her. Chris hears the patio door shut and realizes that Kathy must be home and begs Stuart to release her. After half-jokingly suggesting they make it "threesome," he does, noting that Kathy must think "her sister just made it with her favorite teacher." Stuart leaves and a crying Chris stumbles to Kathy who finally realizes that something is wrong. The police arrive and gather evidence while Chris talks to a rape-crisis counselor. Later that night the police pick up Stuart and take him to jail. A few days later Chris, Edison and Chris's priest/brother, Martin (John Bennett Perry) meet with district attorney Carla Bondi (Anne Bancroft). Bondi warns Chris that getting a conviction under these circumstances (she invited him to her apartment) will not be easy. Edison also has his doubts about pressing charges as he fears it may damage Chris's career. Chris makes it clear that she want to go ahead, however. Stuart's attorney Nathan Cartright (Robin Gammell) does everything he can to raise doubt in the jury's mind about whether the encounter was consentual even bringing in Chris's sexy pictures from the photo shoot in an attempt to besmirch her reputation. However, in the end it is Chris's own sister's testimony that gets Stuart off the hook: despite Kathy's protests that she believes her sister's story, it is clear that the afternoon of the attack Kathy's failure to call the police after seeing them together in the bedroom is a clear indication that she did not think at the time that her sister was being raped. The jury acquits Stuart. Chris tries to go back to work, but it is clear that she cannot focus her attention on her modeling and the lipstick company decides to suspend her contract. Kathy switches schools as it looks like Stuart may get his old job back. Kathy is watching her older sister at one final shoot being done at a partly completed mall complex and gets bored. She starts exploring the empty mall and stumbles across Stuart and some of her former classmates preparing a dance performance to his music. When the classmates leave, Stuart sees her and invites her to help him with the final mixing of his composition. She approaches and lets him place a contact microphone on her chest to record her heartbeat to add to the music. We hear her heartbeat suddenly speed up as Kathy realizes that Stuart is making sexual advances toward her. She runs and he chases her through the empty mall until he catches her in a sub-basement tunnel. There we see him start to tear her clothes off.... Kathy stumbles back to the part of the mall where the photo shoot is going on. She crying and her clothes are torn. Chris asks what happened. At first Kathy tells her nothing, but then admits she ran into Stuart and he attacked her. Chris races to the window and sees Stuart leaving the building. She runs down to her truck and gets a rifle she has in the back and shoots Stuart as he is driving from the parking lot. He crashes his car, then climbs out, but is shot again and again by Chris, including a shot to his genitals. She continues to try and pump bullets into his dead body even after he has stopped moving and the gun is empty. The police arrive and arrest Chris who is in a state of shock. As the camera pulls away from the scene we hear Bondi, who has apparently left the D.A's office to defend Chris, tell the jury during Chris' murder trial that justice can only be served if they acquit Chris of Stuart's murder.
tt0083678
Crime,Drama,Western
At a christening ceremony in a Mexican church, the walls shake and the building collapses when a sudden earthquake strikes. While men clear the rubble, one of the survivors, a 19-year-old Mexican girl named Maria (Elpidia Carrillo), carries her baby and follows her younger brother, Juan (Manuel Viescars), through the wreckage. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, California, immigration Officer Charlie Smith (Jack Nicholson) arbitrarily arrests two Mexican workers from a factory. Later, Charlie returns to his run-down trailer home where his wife, Marcy (Valerie Perrine), tells him that she wishes to buy a duplex in El Paso, Texas, next door to her friend, Savannah (Shannon Wilcox). Charlie muses over the idea of changing careers and working with park services, but Marcy believes it would be a mistake. As Charlie and Marcy move to El Paso, Maria, Juan, and the baby reach the U.S.-Mexico border. Charlie and Marcy meet Savannah, her husband, Cat (Harvey Keitel), and their young son Timmy (Jay Thurman) at the house. Inside, Savannah and Marcy laugh remembering their days as high school cheerleaders. After Cat has Charlie outfitted for his uniform as a border patrolman, Charlie's new partner, Hawker (Alan Fudge), drives him around the three-mile-long "Tortilla Curtain" border fence, where they encounter a group of young Mexicans sneaking across. Because Hawker identifies them as day workers sneaking into the U.S. for the workday before returning to Mexico at night, he lets them get away. That night, Hawker and Charlie respond to an urgent call, and Hawker is shot and killed by an armed illegal immigrant. The next day at border patrol headquarters, Charlie meets Red (Warren Oates), the patrol supervisor, and attends Hawker's funeral. Later, Charlie walks along the Rio Grande River and becomes transfixed when he spots Maria holding her baby. Charlie returns home to find that, to his annoyance, Marcy purchased a waterbed and opened a charge account at the local mall. In the desert, Cat and Charlie arrest a Mexican man smuggling cocaine and load a group of immigrants into a van to drive them back across the border. Among them, Charlie recognizes Maria, but when he approaches her, she spits in his face. After Charlie locks the drug smuggler in a cell at patrol headquarters, Cat sends the patrol's Mexican contact, Manuel (Mike Gomez), to speak with the criminal. Later, Cat suggests that Charlie participate in his and Red's scheme; smuggling immigrants for extra money, but Charlie refuses. At home, Marcy tells her husband that she wants to work on television and he discovers that she installed a swimming pool. At the Rio Grande river border, Charlie calls out to a woman he believes to be Maria, but is mistaken. He crosses the water into Mexico and walks through a poor village, where he finds the drug smuggling boy with his throat slit. Back in Texas at Red's birthday party, Charlie tells Cat and Red about the body, suspecting Manuel of suspicious dealings. Cat dismisses the idea and Red banishes Charlie from crossing the border again. One night, Charlie and Cat attempt to stop a group of Mexicans, including Maria and her brother, from hopping onto a freight train. When Juan falls under the train, Charlie jumps under the train to protect him. While detained in an outdoor holding cell, a woman offers to hold Maria's child and scuttles off to hand the baby to Manuel. Maria realizes the baby is gone and begins to cry, prompting an uprising from the other detainees, who break out of their cage. The patrolmen use tear gas to control the crowd and load the detainees on a bus to drive them back to Mexico. That night, Cat confronts Manuel about the stolen baby and Manuel reveals that he sold the child to a wealthy Caucasian family. As they talk, they see El Scorcho, a man with a burned face who traffics Mexicans in competition with their own arrangement. Charlie wakes up the next morning to the sounds of Marcy moving more furniture into the house. Fed up with her excessive spending to build him the perfect "dream house," he slaps her. Charlie and Cat visit J. J. (Jeff Morris), whose house acts as a delivery station for smuggled immigrants. As Charlie waits outside, J. J. hands Cat a stack of money. During a pool party at the Smiths' house, Savannah drunkenly starts a food fight, prompting Marcy to scream. Amidst the chaos, Charlie dumps a grill full of burning meat into the pool. One afternoon, Charlie catches El Scorcho with a truckload of Mexicans. Cat suddenly arrives and takes El Scorcho back toward the station, but Jack hears two gunshots from the direction in which Cat drove away. At the station, Charlie yells at Cat that he does not want to get involved with murder. Marcy gets her hair done at the salon and worriedly tells Savannah that she does not know how to make Charlie happy. Outside a bar another night later, Charlie pays Juan $5 to take him to Maria and finds her in a strip club, where she works as a dancer for Manuel. When he tries to lead her away, two men beat Charlie up and throw him outside. The next day, Manuel warns Cat that Charlie will get them into trouble. As Charlie chases a driver through the desert, he fails to notice two Mexicans who are being transported. Cat watches the incident from a distance. When the driver confesses to transporting two men, Charlie returns to the site to check again. Inside the driver's vehicle, he finds their bloody bodies, which he swears had not been there before. Cat insists he will cover for Charlie and they sink the car in a nearby pond. Charlie again asks Juan to take him to see Maria and informs them that he will help smuggle them across the border the next day. He insists that she does not owe him anything, and that helping them would allow him to feel good about something in his life. The next night, Charlie watches as Maria, Juan, and a group of others safely cross the Rio Grande. Outside J. J.'s house, Maria's group boards a truck and Charlie and Cat take their payment for the delivery. However, Juan is shot for attempting to smuggle drugs, and he runs away. Two patrolmen notice the truck on the highway and follow in pursuit. Charlie hears the call on his patrol radio and, concerned about Maria, drives to catch up with them. Gaining speed, the truck loses control and crashes on a hillside. Charlie takes Maria home and asks Marcy to tend to the girl while he returns to J. J.'s house to look for Juan. Once there, he overhears Red talking with J. J., explaining how the heist went wrong. Charlie returns home to take Maria back to Mexico, but Marcy believes he is leaving her. Although he and Maria find Juan, bloody and feverish, he dies shortly after. As Maria prays over her brother's body, Manuel and J. J. prowl outside and Charlie shoots J. J. in the face. Charlie finds Manuel at a bar and demands he return the baby, who has not yet been sold, to Maria. At the house where the baby is hidden, Charlie finds the infant buried in a laundry basket, and Manuel calls the patrolmen. On the road, Cat and a few other officers shoot at Charlie as he drives by. Charlie gets out of his vehicle and fires at the officers, exploding their car, and Cat hides under a bulldozer. Charlie shoots the tire, which deflates and causes the oversize vehicle to crush Cat to death. Charlie returns to the Rio Grande crossing and delivers the baby to Maria, who thanks him through her tears.
tt0113762
Horror,Mystery
William 'Bill' Gartley (Robert Englund) is the mean owner of a factory, shouting and bossing everybody around. He looks from a corridor outside his office in a higher floor. He's got some weird metal crutches attached to his knees and has trouble walking. Men and women earn their bread in a noisy, warm, full of vapours, dim-lighted environment. In a factory line, huge Hadley Watson machinery wash, dry and fold sheets. Miss Adelle Frawley (Vera Blacker) and Sherry Ourelette (Vanessa Pike) greet each other. Lin Sue (Lisa Morris) is the new employee, but she doesn't stop to help Sherry with her heavy equipment. Adelle tells her to be careful. Doris is the one who finally helps Sherry. One of the female workers hurts herself and her blood is split everywhere. There is an electric shortage. Gartley's pissed off that the production line has to stop. The second-in-charge is as mean as Gartley. Gartley calls his employees boys and girls and tells everybody to go back to work. The machine keeps on working, and stains of blood are everywhere. The small town where they live is Rikers Valley. Officer John Hunton (Ted Levine) almost has a car accident against a delivery van, which is transporting a new electricity generator . In the factory, Adelle takes some medication on the spot. She looks around. The machine from the accident seems to open her mouth to eat her, but she backs down in the last second. The "overseer" George Stanner (Demetre Phillips) shouts to Adelle and Doris to go back to work, while the bandaged hand of Sherry starts bleeding again. With the scare, Adelle has thrown all her pills, and there are some only in the mouth of that huge machine. Dizzy, nervous and sweaty, Adelle tries to retrieve some and the machine takes her whole body. Everybody is frantic, there is blood everywhere, the machine takes the whole body of Adelle, while Bill shouts "Daisy May, let's do like dogs". John is called. Mark Jackson (Daniel Matmor), the guy from the delivery van, is still moving the generator around. There is havoc outside the factory, with an ambulance taking away the body. Stanner looks unsympathetic, but he doesn't want to look at the body. Hunton feels sweaty and nervous because there is only gore everywhere. The photographer keeps on working while Hunton throws up. All the textile factory / Blue Ribbon Laundry depends on that machine, and all Gates Falls depends on the factory to survive. Sheriff Hughes (Larry Taylor) arrives. Adelle is taken in a box. There is a safety bar which seems to be working fine. The inquest is done with: accidental death. Hunton talks with a town punk and takes some pills. M Jeremy Crutchley ... J.J.J. Pictureman / Mortician Ashley Hayden ... Annette Gillian Danny Keogh ... Herb Diment Ted Le Plat ... Doctor Ramos Todd Jensen ... Roger Martin Sean Taylor ... Derrick Gates Gerrit Schoonhoven ... Aaron Rodriguez Nan Hamilton ... Mrs. Ellenshaw Adrian Waldron ... Mr. Ellenshaw Norman Coombes ... Judge Bishop Irene Frangs ... Mrs. Smith Megan Wilson ... Ginny Jason Odile Rault ... Alberta Ron Smerczak ... Officer Steele Ashley Waldorf ... Paramedic Driver (uncredited)
tt0089604
Action,Drama,Thriller
In 1972 Vietnam, a helicopter carrying five Americans is shot down. The men, Captain David Nester, Master Sergeant Ernest Franklin, Corporal Lawrence Opelka, Lieutenant Anthony Mazilli, and Colonel James Braddock, jump from the helicopter before it crashes, but are declared "missing in action." Ten years later, a ceremony for the "unknown soldier" is held in Washington, D.C., as families mourn their missing loved ones. In Vietnam, the five Americans are held captive in a prison camp run by Colonel Yin, who violated the Geneva Convention, and refused to release them after the war. Col. Braddock warns Yin he will be held accountable for his actions, and Yin agrees to let them go if Braddock denounces America, and confesses to fabricated war crimes. When a prisoner named Harry tries to escape, he is burned alive by the Vietnamese while trying to cross a bridge. One of the prisoners, named David Nester, believes they have been forgotten by their country, and gives in to Col. Yin's demands. He suggests Braddock do the same to procure their release. His friends view Nester as a traitor. Sometime later, Yin tortures Corporal Opelka, firing an unloaded gun into his head. Opelka begs for mercy. Yin continues pressuring Braddock to confess to war crimes, and tries to break his spirit by telling him that his wife is about to remarry. Later, Yin orders Nester and Braddock to have a fistfight. Nester resists, but under the threat of losing privileges, he beats Braddock, who refuses to fight. Eventually Braddock defends himself and fights back. Over time, Yin continues to torture the prisoners, and Braddock asks that his men be left alone, and that he receive their punishments. Yin hangs Braddock from his feet and places a bag with a rat inside on his head. After a bloody fight, Braddock emerges with the dead rat in his mouth. Sometime later, a helicopter arrives at the camp carrying François, a Frenchman working with Yin dealing opium. Braddock sees a supply of weapons being unloaded from the helicopter, and knows that stealing them is their only means of escape. François demands that Yin kill the prisoners before they are discovered, and Yin takes him aside and chokes François for making him look weak in front of his men. Before leaving, François reports rumors of a search team looking for the Americans. In time, Yin taunts Braddock with a letter from his wife, and burns the letter in front of him. He then tells Braddock that fellow American, Corporal Opelka, is dead. Meanwhile, an Australian man spies on the camp, and photographs the prisoners. When he is seen, he asks to speak to Col. Yin, and introduces himself as Clive Emerson, a point man for a P.O.W. search mission. Emerson says his team is waiting for his signal to provide back up. Yin accuses the man of lying, but agrees to release the prisoners. When Emerson is alone with Braddock, he confesses that he is working alone. He tells Braddock where he left ropes to escape down a cliff, should anything happen to him. François returns in his helicopter, and recognizes Emerson. He tells Yin that Emerson has no rescue team. Yin executes Emerson. Sometime later, Ernest Franklin nearly dies from malaria, and Braddock accepts Col. Yin's offer of medication, in exchange for his signed confession to committing a war crime. Yin injects Franklin with medicine, and he quickly rebounds. After Braddock signs a confession, Yin promises to release him and his fellow captives the following day. Braddock remains distrustful, and when Franklin collapses, he surmises that Franklin was injected with poison. Yin admits to giving Franklin an overdose of opium, then pours gasoline on him and burns him alive. The next day, Braddock fakes his own death by hanging himself in his cell. When a guard opens the door to investigate, Braddock breaks the man's neck and escapes. He attacks two more guards and makes his way across a bridge. Yin learns of his escape but believes he will be found in the heavily guarded jungle. He searches for Braddock by helicopter. Braddock steals weapons from a supply hut while a peasant creates a distraction, then sets off bombs throughout the prison camp, and frees Anthony Mazilli. Braddock burns the bridge, and finds the ropes left behind by Emerson. Mazilli lowers himself to freedom while Braddock stays to fight. Back at the POW camp, François refuses to continue searching for the escapees, and Yin kills him. While hiding in the jungle, Braddock comes upon Corporal Opelka, whom he thought dead. The men work together to exact revenge. Yin's guards capture Mazilli, and use him to lure Braddock. However, Braddock stays hidden as guards prepare to shoot Mazilli. Captain Nester, who has been obeying Yin's every command, asks to kill his former compatriot. Nester aims his gun at Mazilli, but shoots the guards instead. A gunfight ensues, and Nester is shot to death. Mazilli escapes and joins Braddock and Opelka, reporting that Nester was loyal in the end. Braddock distributes guns to Mazilli and a group of prisoners, and they attack the camp. They target Yin in his bunker, and throw grenades inside. Upon searching the rubble, they find the remains of Yin's leg, and assume he is dead. The Americans board the helicopter. Meanwhile, Yin emerges from a trap door in the floor of his hut, and Braddock appears behind him. Yin requests a challenge, without weapons, to see who is the "better man." Braddock sentences him to death, and a fight ensues. Braddock beats Yin nearly to death, then leaves him behind. As Braddock walks toward the helicopter, he ignites a remote explosive, and blows up Yin. Braddock and the rest of the American MIA's board the helicopter and take off to freedom.
tt0113360
Action,Drama,Thriller
Paul Racine (Christopher Lambert), a computer-chip executive from New York, is on one of his many business trips to Nagoya. He meets a beautiful woman named Kirina (Joan Chen) in the hotel lounge, and ends up having a one-night-stand with her. When he attempts to further the relationship, Kirina implies that she has no future and thanks him for a wonderful night of pleasure and love. Dejected and somewhat confused, Paul reluctantly leaves her to be alone as she requests. Soon after the gaijin leaves her suite, however, she is approached by Kinjo (John Lone) and two other men dressed as ninja. Kirina shows no fear and explains that she has accepted her fate. Kinjo, the leader of a cult of ninja assassins, is impressed by the woman's courage and grants her final wish by showing her his face. Paul, who had left with the wrong room key, returns and, upon seeing the situation, hides in the foyer while calling the police. When Kinjo decapitates Kirina (after telling her that she's the first person outside of the cult ever to see his face), Paul first tries to come to her defense, alerting the three ninjas to his presence and then tries to flee. Enraged that someone else has seen his face, Kinjo's men stab Paul, hit him with a poisoned shurkien, and slash his throat, leaving him for dead. Paul awakes in a hospital room, where he is told that the wound will heal, but his claims of seeing Kinjo are met with disbelief by the police. He is soon approached by a man named Takeda (Yoshio Harada), who is an expert on the cult, and Kinjo in particular. Paul later discovers that Takeda is the last in a long line of samurai and has his own score to settle with Kinjo. After the ninja attempt to murder Paul at the hospital, killing six police officers in the process. Takeda and his wife Mieko (Yoko Shimada) decide to take Paul to their family's stronghold, located on an island several hundred miles away. In leaving the city, however, Takeda uses Paul as bait to draw Kinjo out. This leads to a battle on a bullet train in which several passenger cars worth of innocent people are slaughtered by the ninja. Takeda and Mieko defeat the attackers, only to learn that Kinjo was not among them. The ninja leading the attack was Junko, Kinjo's lover, giving the ninja master personal motivation to kill Paul and Takeda. While on the island, Paul spends much time with the drunken blacksmith Oshima, who is constructing a new sword for Takeda (he had furiously broken his own sword following the train fight when police confiscated it as evidence), and the old man teaches him about both smithing and swordsmanship. Mieko explains to him the history of the two clans' conflict as well as the samurai concepts of courage and honor. Mieko is sympathetic toward the gentle and compassionate Paul, the polar opposite of her moody and somewhat-deranged husband, although she remains fiercely loyal to Takeda. Meanwhile, Kinjo decides to find out who hired his clan to murder Kirina. The man he finds (James Saito) is a powerful Yakuza figure who bought Kirina from her father, then ordered her death when she left him after years of servitude. Kinjo, disgusted that he killed an innocent woman over such a petty grievance, kills the man. Three weeks later, Takeda's new sword is ready, and Paul's injuries have healed considerably. When Paul announces that he wants to leave the island and return home to New York, Takeda has him imprisoned and sends a message to Kinjo telling him Paul's whereabouts. Takeda's inexperienced samurai are overwhelmed by the hordes of ninja who arrive on the island, but Takeda finally gets the duel with Kinjo that he has wanted all along. Kinjo stabs Takeda through the torso; Takeda in turn manages to stab Kinjo in the leg, but soon dies. As Kinjo is about to kill a helpless Mieko he is caught off-guard by Paul, whom Oshima had released on Mieko's instructions. Paul stabs Kinjo in the arm, but now finds himself face-to-face with his would-be killer, armed with only a sword he barely knows how to use. With his new-found skills, a lot of luck (the injuries to Kinjo's leg and especially to his arm), and the assistance of a wounded Mieko, Paul manages to decapitate Kinjo, as he had done to Kirina. The film ends with Paul, Mieko, and Oshima starting to head up the hill toward the castle in the distance.
tt0084684
Action,Crime,Horror
In a small Texas town, mentally ill Vietnam veteran John Kirby (Brian Libby) goes insane and kills two people of a family he was staying with. Sheriff Dan Stevens (Chuck Norris) and his deputy Charlie (Stephen Furst) responds and eventually arrests Kirby, but Kirby breaks out of the handcuffs, hits other officers and grabs one of their guns, forcing the officers to open fire and shoot Kirby. Kirby suffers severe gunshot wounds and is near death. Kirby is transported to an institute where his psychiatrist, Tom Halman (Ron Silver), works along with Medical Doctors Spires and Vaughn (Steven Keats and William Finley respectively), who are also genetic engineers. In an attempt to save Kirby, Dr. Spires suggests that they use the formula they created. However, Dr. Halman objects in light of Kirby's psychosis. Dr. Spires first decides that Halman is right, but then ignores the consequences and proceeds to use the formula once Dr. Halman leaves. The formula makes Kirby nearly invulnerable, leading to the deaths of many more people (which includes Halman and his wife, the two doctors who revived him and Charlie). Sheriff Stevens tracks down Kirby in the hope that he can put an end to the carnage. He finally finds Kirby and is able to throw him down a well. As Stevens leaves, however, Kirby's head comes out of the water, meaning he was not killed, at which point the film ends.
tt0102303
Comedy
Goddard Bolt (Mel Brooks) is the callous CEO of Bolt Enterprises. Bolt shows little regard for other people's needs or for the environment, and has his eye on the slum of Los Angeles so he can tear it down. Bolt makes a bet with his biggest rival, Vance Crasswell (Jeffrey Tambor), who also has an interest in the property, that he can survive on those streets for 30 days. Should Bolt lose, Crasswell owns the property, but should Bolt win, Crasswell will sell it for practically nothing. There are three conditions: #1) Bolt will be completely penniless; #2) He must wear an electronic anklet that will activate if he leaves the boundaries, forfeiting the bet if he exceeds 30 seconds out of bounds; #3) At no time can he reveal to any of the slum area residents that he is Goddard Bolt. To add to the look, Bolt has his mustache shaved off, then Crasswell confiscates his toupee and rips the top pocket of his jacket. Unbeknown to Bolt, Crasswell schemes to make Goddard's stay on the streets as bad as possible. Bolt, homeless, hungry and filthy, is befriended by skid-row inhabitants like Sailor (Howard Morris) and Fumes (Theodore Wilson) and given the nickname "Pepto" after falling asleep in a crate with a Pepto-Bismol logo on its side. In the process, he meets and eventually becomes attracted to Molly (Lesley Ann Warren), a homeless woman who used to be a dancer on Broadway. During a scuffle with two muggers, Bolt is pushed out of bounds, which activates his anklet. To prevent the "30-second forfeiture", Bolt rushes back in, which impresses Molly with his supposed bravery as it looks like he is tackling the muggers. Bolt learns a series of important life lessons during his 'adventure', namely that life is not about accomplishments or material success but rather the integrity of the human spirit. However, Bolt is unaware that the unscrupulous Crasswell has no intention of honoring their bet. When Crasswell realizes Bolt is honoring the bet fair and square, Crasswell bribes Bolt's lawyers into fabricating the story that Bolt had lost his mind and has his property seized. Forced to live on the streets for good and remanded to a free clinic by mistake, a drugged Bolt murmurs that "life stinks", but Molly implores him to remember small things such as the two of them waltzing that make life livable. Crasswell, meanwhile has his own plans for the slum area, planning to tear it down as well. Bolt incites Fumes and the other slum residents to stage a mock battle on the ceremony while it is televised. Crasswell attempts to stop Bolt with a steam shovel, to which Bolt fights Crasswell in another steam shovel akin to "dinosaur fights". When Bolt's shovel has plucked Crasswell and has him hanging by his jacket, the scene is freeze-framed into a news report saying that Crasswell, in a court case, was forced to admit he made a bet with Bolt in order to get him to understand the slum conditions, then reneged on the terms. Bolt, now in control of the area, has plans to renovate it into the "Bolt Center" which will give the slum residents employment, renovate the tenements into livable homes and give the children a private school financed entirely out of pocket by Goddard Bolt. The news report ends by saying Bolt has married Molly and the press are expecting an extravagant CEO-type event, only to then be shown Goddard and Molly taking their wedding vows in a simple chapel in the slum area, then driving off in a limousine with a vanity plate "PEPTO".
tt0087747
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Set against the backdrop of the Cold War and Soviet political repression of the early 1980s prior to perestroika, Moscow on the Hudson tells the story of Vladimir Ivanoff (Robin Williams), a saxophonist with the Moscow circus. The story begins in New York with Vladimir advising a newly arrived Frenchman that he is on the wrong New York bus and giving him instructions on how to get to his destination. He then tells the Frenchman that it is always difficult getting around the city when one first arrives. Vladimir then begins remembering his own arrival to New York from Russia, and the scene shifts to Vladimir riding on a Russian bus some time earlier. Vladimir exits the bus and immediately witnesses a group of three people holding signs being accosted by two men, likely KGB agents or secret police, who force them into a nearby car and confiscate their signs. Vladimir then inquires of a passing Russian soldier if the nearby queue is for toilet paper; the soldier replies that it is for shoes. Vladimir joins the queue and obtains three pairs of shoes in the only size (38) now available. Vladimir arrives late to rehearsal at the circus and Boris (Savely Kramarov), one of the apparatchik assigned to the circus, criticizes him harshly and implies that he may miss the approaching trip to New York City. Vladimir tells him the reason he was late and ultimately gives Boris one pair of shoes obtained from the queue. Later, while Vladimir is riding with his friend, circus clown Anatoly Cherkasov (Elya Baskin), in Anatoly's Lada, Anatoly begins expressing his discontent with life in Russia, claiming that he is an oppressed artist. Vladimir expresses disinterest in Anatoly's complaints. Anatoly stops to buy fuel for his car from a mobile black-market gasoline dealer. While the friends wait for the gasoline seller to fill Anatoly's jerrycans, the two practice their English. Anatoly reveals to Vladimir in English that he plans to defect during the upcoming trip to New York. Vladimir is disconcerted that Anatoly has told him this as he is obligated to inform on him. Anatoly shouts in English at the uncomprehending fuel seller and oblivious passing motorists that he wants to see the world. Anatoly leaves Vladimir at another queue; as Vladimir exits the vehicle, Anatoly asks if he will be coming by the apartment at 9:00 p.m. as usual and Vladimir agrees. After inquiring and determining that toilet paper can be purchased at this queue, Vladimir begins to walk to the end of the excessively long line but meets with a neighborhood friend, Leonid, already standing in line. During the ensuing conversation, Leonid reveals that he was once a teacher but is now paving roads after the authorities had sent him to a camp for protesting the war in Afghanistan. Leonid also reveals that the authorities had declared him to be crazy for protesting the war. After agreeing to talk later, Leonid advises Vladimir to never go crazy. Vladimir returns home to his family, who are overjoyed that he has obtained toilet paper. Vladimir announces that he won't be staying for dinner as he is meeting Svetlana. Vladimir's mother expresses a desire for Vladimir to marry Svetlana, and Vladimir remarks that he doesn't want another marriage. Vladimir meets with Svetlana, and they both walk to Anatoly's apartment for their date. Svetlana expresses a desire for Vladimir to join the communist party as it would make obtaining an apartment when they get married easier; Vladimir responds that he is not a "joiner". At the apartment, after Anatoly leaves, Vladimir gives Svetlana a gift -- a roll of toilet paper. Svetlana expresses her jealousy that Vladimir gets to see America without her and hints that she would like Vladimir to obtain designer jeans for her. Vladimir returns home drunk from vodka. In the morning, around the breakfast table, Vladimir's grandfather, Nicholai Ivanoff, aggressively criticizes the news reports on the television and Russia's leaders in general. As Vladimir is leaving the building with packed suitcases for the circus trip to America, he is intercepted by the two circus-assigned apparatchik waiting at the entrance. They question Vladimir about his grandfather's anti-Soviet behavior and imply that he may be senile and need to be committed. Vladimir responds that he is just a comedian, an old man, and a war hero who should just be ignored. They also reveal that they are aware that Vladimir and Svetlana have been using Anatoly's apartment for their "sexual encounters". Both agents finally reveal that they want Vladimir to "keep an eye on" Anatoly Cherkasov during the trip to America in exchange for protecting his grandfather. The Moscow circus arrives in New York and are shuttled around in a chartered bus. The performers are amused at the colorful environment that is New York, which strongly contrasts with the bleak surrounding of Moscow (as portrayed earlier). During the bus ride, Anatoly writes "freedom" in the dust on the bus window, and Vladimir quickly wipes it off. The performers stay at the Howard Johnson Hotel, and Vladimir and Anatoly happen to be sharing a room. Vladimir revels in the American custom of taking the towels, which he packs into his suitcase, and the quality of the toilet paper. Vladimir reveals to Anatoly that it is no coincidence they are sharing a room together because the apparatchik watching over the circus want him to "spy on" Anatoly. During a formal reception, Anatoly reveals to Vladimir that he intends to defect during the opening parade and his opening bicycle routine; Vladimir remarks, "Good. They grab you and throw you right to bear". Vladimir and Anatoly enter a bathroom, and the two Apparatchik, who have been shadowing Anatoly throughout the evening, emerge from the same toilet stall just as Anatoly was about to comment on his plans. The Apparatchik comment that they will soon be back in Moscow, but otherwise all leave the bathroom without further drama. The next day during the opening circus performance, Anatoly attempts to defect but is met by the Apparatchik agents. The following day, the performers are allowed to shop at Bloomingdale's for 30 minutes before going to the airport to return to Russia. Vladimir meets a perfume clerk at Bloomingdale's, Lucia Lomardo (María Conchita Alonso), while attempting to find blue jeans for Svetlana. Anatoly once more reveals to Vladimir that he is going to defect in Bloomingdale's. Vladimir angrily challenges Anatoly to just do it and stop informing him of the plan. However, Anatoly is shadowed by the quieter of the Apparatchik and loses his nerve. As the performers are being led back to the bus, Vladimir attempts to buy the designer jeans for Svetlana. Anatoly seemingly dares Vladimir to defect in his stead. Vladimir then attempts to defect to one of Bloomingdale's security guards, Lionel Witherspoon (Cleavant Derricks). A clerk announces the defection, and the Apparatchik, who are distracted by their own shopping, rush over to prevent it. A chase ensues through Bloomingdale's, out onto the street, and back into Bloomingdale's. Vladimir then attempts to hide behind Lucia's counter. Orlando Ramirez (Alejandro Rey), an immigration lawyer, approaches and gives Lucia his card to give to Vladimir. After trying to hide inside Lucia's dress, Vladimir crawls away through Bloomingdale's but once again encounters Lionel. Boris and the other Apparatchik arrive and confront Vladimir, but Lionel defends him. Boris first pleads with Vladimir to return and then threatens, but Vladimir repeats, "I defect", to the cheers of the rapidly assembling crowd. Connie Chung and an ABC News crew are already on scene. The FBI arrive and interview Vladimir about why he is defecting and whether or not he has relatives or friends in America. Lionel, basking in the glare of the media, offers to take in Vladimir after revealing he knows no one in America outside of Lionel and Lucia. As a final parting gesture, Vladimir rushes out onto the street as the charted bus of circus performers is leaving and says goodbye to his saxophone, which had been left on the bus. He also communicates to Anatoly that he is now free (a free bird). Lionel Witherspoon (Cleavant Derricks), an African American security guard who has just protected Vladimir from his furious Russian handlers during Vladimir's defection at Bloomingdale's, takes him home to Harlem to live with Lionel's mother, unemployed father, sister, and cranky but good-hearted grandfather--a living arrangement noticeably similar to that of Vladimir's family back in Moscow. With the help of sympathetic immigration attorney Orlando Ramirez (Alejandro Rey), a naturalized citizen from Cuba who witnessed Vladimir's defection, Vladimir soon adapts to life in America. Vladimir attempts to find work despite speaking little English and fearing the threat of his former KGB handlers. He initially lives in poor neighborhoods and takes low-paying jobs such as fast-food service, limousine driver, and sidewalk merchant. Vladimir starts a relationship with Lucia. At a party celebrating Lucia's becoming an American citizen, Vladimir proposes to her; but she refuses and breaks up with him. A little while later, Lionel decides to move to Alabama to be with his young son; and Vladimir learns from a friend of his sister that his beloved grandfather back home in Moscow has died. Grieving, Vladimir goes to a Russian nightclub to ease his mind. When he returns home, late to his apartment building and drunk, he is mugged by two young men. He later reports the incident to the police with Orlando present, and the two go to a diner where Vladimir rants about his misfortunes. A nearby Russian immigrant overhears the conversation, and interrupts Vladimir to disagree, leading the two into a tense confrontation that is settled after Vladimir comes to appreciate his good fortune of living in America. Soon after, Lucia reunites with Vladimir telling him that she is not ready for marriage but would love to live with an immigrant, and Lionel moves back from Alabama and takes over Vladimir's job driving a limousine. In the end, Vladimir gets a job as a saxophonist in the band at the Russian nightclub, with time to play the music he loves during the day. He encounters the former apparatchik Boris operating a hot dog stand. (Boris had lost his status back in the Soviet Union after Vladimir's defection.) The former apparatchik is glad to see Vladimir and gives him a free hot dog, showing his appreciation for the life he too now has in America.
tt0101701
Comedy,Fantasy
In New York City, Jack Gable (John Candy) grows irate waiting for the cable television repairman to arrive at his apartment. When the signal is finally restored, he turns on "Beyond Our Dreams", a daytime soap opera, explaining to the repairman that he writes for the show. Later that morning, Jack goes to the production office for a meeting. There, he stumbles into Louise (Mariel Hemmingway), a demure actress who intends to audition for the role of "Janet Dubois." After insisting that "Janet" is no longer part of the story, Jack storms into Lou (David Orbach) and Arlene Sherwood's (Renee Taylor) office. The two executives distract him by reminding him to "kill off" the character of "Rachel Hedison," played by the temperamental Laura Claybourne (Emma Sams). Jack, who has a crush on the beautiful actress, refuses. Lou pats him on the shoulder and tells Jack that everything will work out. After Jack leaves, Arlene calls writer Arnie Fetterman, who assures her that the "Janet Dubois" scenes are complete, and that he is working on writing "Rachel" out of the show. After "Beyond Our Dreams" wraps up shooting for the day, an infatuated Jack asks Laura Claybourne what she thinks of the future story-lines he created for her, but the self-absorbed actress is unhappy with how he turned her rich heiress character into a working girl. Jack returns home and packs for a weekend trip to Vermont. Laura Claybourne calls, seeking Jack's attention. When he tells her he is about to leave, she invites herself along. Jack is thrilled, until she changes her mind at the last minute. En route to Vermont, Jack gets into a car accident, awakening in the hospital on "Beyond Our Dreams." The doctor (David Rasche) introduces himself as "Paul Kirkwood," amusing Jack, who presumes that the actor, Dennis Graham, is playing a trick on him. However, when the writer goes to the window, he is shocked to see the town of "Ashford Falls" bustling with activity. Jack deduces that he is dead and living in hell. When the nurse threatens to give him a shot, Jack plays along and insists he is feeling better. Leaving the hospital, he encounters "Janet Dubois," who recognizes him as Wall Street tycoon "Jack Gates," a character created by Jack, but who has yet to be introduced on the show. Across the street, a man with an eye patch (Charles Rocket) observes Jack and Janet, before driving away to a mansion. There, he proudly informs his father, billionaire Carter Hedison (Raymond Burr), that Jack Gates is in town. Carter Hedison dismisses his son, Ty, as a dreamer, and asks Ty's yuppie brother, Blake, to investigate. Meanwhile, Jack tries to make sense of his situation in his hotel room. Janet informs him that he is in Ashford Falls to purchase her father's pharmaceutical formula, which Carter Hedison also hopes to acquire. Jack insists he is a writer, not a businessman, provoking Janet to retort that he should write his life as he sees it, rather than argue with her. She storms out, and Jack decides to test her advice. He types a scene on his typewriter, and realizes that whatever he writes comes true in this alternate reality. After encountering a dismissive "Rachel Hedison" downtown, Jack decides to use his newfound power to make her fall in love with him. That afternoon, Rachel goes horseback riding with her boyfriend, Dr. Kirkwood. Suddenly, her horse breaks into a gallop. Just as she is about to careen over a cliff, Jack appears on his own horse and rescues her. He does not reveal his identify, and Rachel swoons as he rides away. That night, Carter Hedison and his three children-Rachel, Ty, and Blake-discuss making a fortune from a new fat-burning pill. Blake notes that their scheme will be ruined if Jack Gates acquires the drug formula. Later, Janet Dubois calls Jack and informs him that someone broke into her father's laboratory. She accuses him of working for the Hedisons, but Jack protests. Just then, she realizes someone is still in the lab. Hearing her screams, Jack quickly types a rescue mission featuring himself as the hero. Afterward, the love-struck Janet invites Jack to have dinner with her. A few days later, the Hedison family hosts a benefit auction in the town square. Jack stuns everyone when he drives up in a flashy sports car. Against her father's wishes, Rachel leaves with Jack, who tries to impress her by driving recklessly at high speed while blindfolded. That night, Janet grows despondent while waiting for Jack to arrive for dinner. Someone knocks on the door and introduces himself as "Jack Gates," but he is not the Jack she knows. The two confront Jack at his hotel. The writer recognizes the stranger as Robert Wagner (himself), a prime time soap opera star who was originally to be cast as Jack Gates. Unknown to the trio, Ty Hedison lurks outside with a gun, stalking Jack Gates. However, he misfires, and Robert Wagner is killed. Jack grabs his typewriter, reviving Robert Wagner and sending him away on a trip. Out of concern for Janet, Jack writes her a new story line in which she is a research scientist in Africa. In the days that follow, Jack sequesters himself in his hotel room, where he drinks alcohol and writes preposterous scenes in hope of winning Rachel's affection. During a party at the Hedison mansion, Jack plays a virtuoso piano piece, saves a choking man's life, and performs a dance routine with Rachel. Much to his surprise, Janet Dubois returns to Ashford Falls. She makes an elegant appearance at the party, before learning that she, not Rachel, is Carter Hedison's daughter. Chaos ensues as the Hedison family turns on each other. When Janet is accidentally shot by Blake Hedison, Jack admits his feelings for her. As she is rushed to the hospital, Blake informs Jack that Dr. Kirkwood plans to botch the surgery. The writer returns to his hotel room, but before he can write a new scene, Robert Wagner walks in and shoots him. Jack awakens in a hospital bed on the set of "Beyond Our Dreams". Actors Laura Claybourne and Dennis Graham comfort him, but he accuses them of being insincere, before realizing he is back in New York City, with the whole experience in Ashford Falls just a dream (similar to the twist ending of 'The Wizard of Oz'). The next day, Jack confronts the Sherwoods at their office and insists they allow him free reign in writing the character of "Janet." Arlene chokes on her sandwich, and Jack forces her to agree to his terms before rescuing her with the Heimlich maneuver. After arranging for Louise to be cast as "Janet," Jack writes "Rachel" off the show and looks forward to creating new narratives for the residents of "Ashford Falls." The film ends with Jack and Louise going ice skating in Central Park as the end credits roll.
tt0091344
Action,Adventure
The movie starts where King Kong ended. Ten years after King Kong fell from the Twin Towers, we see him at the Atlanta University kept alive by doctors. Amy Flanklin (Linda Hamilton) is in charge of keeping King Kong alive. They build a heart in order to transplant it inside Kong, because his is finished. The problem is that they don't have enough plasma to do the operation. What they need is a miracle. In the jungles of Borneo, an adventurer Hank Mitchell (Brian Kerwin) happens to meet another giant ape. This one is female and she took a fancy to Mitchell. As he was being chased, the aboriginal of the area shoot spleeping darts at the ape, and Mitchell captures her. Somehow the Atlanta University got wind of the find and convince Mitchell to sell them the female. They can use here for the plasma and as a live specimen. Lady Kong is taken to the US and is kept in a nearby warehouse while they build her a facility. She somehow knows that King Kong is nearby and does eat. The doctors perform the operation to replace King Kongs heart and it is a success. Soon Kong wakes up and senses the female nearby. Mitchell convinces the University to move Lady Kong as quickly as possible because something is going to happen. . They agree but its too late. As they try to capture Lady Kong so they can transport her to her new facility, she doesn't go without being upset. That stirs up Kong to the point that he escapes. He arrives at the Warehouse and destroys the equipment used by the crew to subdue Lady Kong. HE takes her in his arms and they escape into the wilderness. Lt. Col. R.T. Nevitt (John Ashton) is given the task by the US Army to capture the apes. He prevents anyone from coming near the area so it makes it difficult for Dr. Franklin and MItchell to get near them. They however suceeds. Flanklin checks Kongs heart and its ine. The next morning, Flanklin and Mitchell notice that Kong is gone, leaving Lady Kong alone. A few minutes later, helicopters with gas are emptying their containers on Lady Kong. This makes her fall asleep. King Kong arrives and the army prevents him from getting close by bombing the area in front of him. The Army captures Lady Kong and take her away. King Kong is trapped on a mountain peek and jumps down into a river in order to escape. He hits his head on a large rock and everyone thinks he's dead. Col. Nevitt takes Lady Kong to an abandoned Missile Silo and prevents anyone from seeing the ape. After three months, Franklin manages to get a court order from the Pentagon and she manages to see the ape only once for a few minutes. Something is wrong, because the ape does not want to eat and she pines for her Kong. Mitchell comes back from Borneo with a deal for the University to buy a 10,000 acre piece of land for the kongs. Wehn he hears about how Lady Kong is treated, he gets upset and heads over to the Silo to get answers. He is quickly turned around. Meanwhile Kong survived in a swamp eating aligators. He suddenly hears the cry of Lady Kong miles away from him. Its too much for him and he decides to go after her. In his travel he encounters a small village and scares them. That information quickly reaches Col. Nevitt's ears and he proceeds to find Kong. The villagers proceed to go hunting after Kong and small group of them brings dynamite. They prepare an ambusgh and Kong eventually triggers the trap, The villagers have Kong trapped inside tons of boulders and they begin to torture him. Kong gets mad and kills them all. Now the Army has no choice but to kill Kong. Knowing that King Kong is on his way to save Lady Kong, the Army is prepared. The attack begins, but Kong manages to pass right through them and reaches the silo. Mitchell and Flanklin were about to release Lady Kong when they noticed she was pregnant. Kongs saves the female ape and they again escape. Duddenly, Lady Kong is in labour and falls on a barn. The army arrives and Kong has had enough. He attacks and the Army fires back. The shooting stops when Kong kills Col. AShton with one big knuckle punch. Hurt real bad, Kong reaches the barn just in time to see Lady Kong give birth to a son. Pleased that he has a son, Kong dies. Lady Kong is taken back to Borneo with her son.
tt0108187
Comedy,Crime
Princess Yasmin of Lugash (Debrah Farentino) is abducted in French territorial waters off the coast of Nice by terrorists led by a mercenary named Hans (Robert Davi) in order to force her father to abdicate and allow her disgraced stepmother's lover, a military general with terrorist ties to an unfriendly neighboring kingdom, to claim the throne. Police Commissioner Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) is tasked with solving the case of the kidnapped princess. While investigating her disappearance in the South of France, he has a run-in with the kidnappers, and a local gendarme, named Jacques Gambrelli (Roberto Benigni). Gambrelli opens the trunk of the kidnapper's van and unknowingly spies the Princess who he believes is the driver's sister en route to the hospital. Hans becomes aware that Gambrelli witnessed the Princess in the back of his van and sends his henchmen to kill Gambrelli as a routine precaution. Dreyfus follows Gambrelli to the hospital where he observes the bumbling Gambrelli's antics with stumbling around as well as getting his bicycle stuck in a wet cement sidewalk outside the hospital. When Hans's henchmen arrive and chase after Gambrelli on his bicycle, Dreyfus intervenes and saves the klutzy policeman. He then takes Gambrelli to his home where he lives with his mother Maria (Claudia Cardinale) whom Dreyfus recognizes as a suspect in a murder case 30 years ago. During the casual encounter with Maria, Dreyfus learns from her Gambrelli is in fact the illegitimate son of the late Inspector Jacques Clouseau. When Hans's men attempt to plant a bomb under the Gambrelli house, it leads to Dreyfus becoming injured instead and sent to the hospital. While Maria decides to stay beside the injured Dreyfus at the hospital to see him recover, they both reveal Gambrelli's origins to him as the only known offspring of the late Inspector Clouseau. Gambrelli finally decides to set off to rescue Princess Yasmin and prove himself his father's true heir and legacy. Gambrelli recognizes one of Hans's henchmen at the hospital who is inquiring about a doctor for Hans who is injured after Yasmin had attempted to escape. Impersonating a doctor, Gambrelli gains access to Hans hideout and clumsy attempts to treat the injured Hans, who soon sees through Gambrelli's charade and has him locked up with the princess. Hans decides to move his safe house out of France and to Lugash, and sends his men to kill Gambrelli by placing him in a van and rolling it down a steep road off a cliff, but Gambrelli manages to escape. Seeking help, Gambrelli travels to Paris to look up Clouseau's old friends and soon meets his late father's former manservent Cato Fong (Burt Kwouk) who directs him to Inspector Clouseau's former costumer Professor Auguste Balls (Graham Stark) to assist them with making new disguises for themselves to travel to Lugash to rescue Princess Yasmin. Gambrelli and Cato fly to Lugash where they meet a government agent at a local restaurant to point them the location of Hans' new hideout. While being followed by the Lugash Army, as well as Cato, Gambrelli ventures to a castle located outside the Lugash capital city where in a climatic gun battle, Gambrelli gains access to the castle with the assistance of the army and after confronting Hans and his henchmen, defeats them, with a little of Cato's help and rescues Princess Yasmin. After returning to France, Gambrelli is promoted to detective and transfers to Paris's metro police force as a full Police Inspector. He attends the wedding of Maria and Dreyfus whom have gotten engaged during their time together while Dreyfus recuperated at the hospital. During the reception, Dreyfus is uncomfortably shocked when Gambrelli's twin sister Jacqueline Gambrelli (Nicoletta Braschi) appears and who turns out to be just a clumsy and dim-witted as her brother, as Maria tells Dreyfus that she in fact had twins from her one-time tryst with Inspector Clouseau. The final scene has Inspector Gambrelli attending a ceremony in Lugash attended by King Haroak and Princess Yasmin who award him with a special medal for his rescue of Yasmin which is attended by Maria, Dreyfus, Cato, Prof. Balls and Jacqueline Gambrelli where his clumsy antics disrupt the proceedings just like his father's Inspector Clouseau's antics used to do in previous Pink Panther films. Gambrelli closes the film with the line: "Now, that felt good!" following by the image of Gambrelli freezing as the animated Pink Panther walks across the still of Jacques, until an animated Gambrelli suddenly cuts away the head of live-action Gambrelli and pops out of the hole, dropping the head on the Panther's foot; the enraged Panther chases him into fading blackness.
tt0085384
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
(Note: this is a direct sequel to Trail of the Pink Panther with most of the cast from the previous film) In Lugash, the fabled Pink Panther diamond is stolen by a man named Gino Rossi (Christopher Reich) (a replay of the opening scene in 'Trail of the Pink Panther') from a museum in the Middle Eastern country of Lugash. Rossi then offers it to Countess Chandra (Joanna Lumley) at her private spa on the island of Majorca. However, the sale is interrupted by Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau of the Sûreté, France's national police force. When Rossi takes aim at the inspector, Chandra shoots the thief dead and points her gun at the Inspector. The French government is shaken by the disappearance of its greatest detective, and assigns Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom), aided by "Aldous," the Huxley 600 super computer, to find a suitable candidate to solve the mystery. However, Dreyfus is overjoyed to be free of the dimwitted Clouseau and sabotages the computer, programming it to determine the world's least capable detective. Aldous selects Officer Clifton Sleigh (Ted Wass), a well-meaning but inept New York City policeman. In New York City, Clifton Sleigh is shown to bungle a sting operation when he dresses up as a woman to nab a purse snatcher, only to get accosted by a leering dirty old man, a pimp and a couple of prostitutes whom think that he's intruding on their turf, and falsely arrested by a pair of beat cops who think he's a prostitute while the purse snatcher steals another woman's purse right under everyone's nose. At the precinct, Clifton's beleaguered commander, Lieutenant Palmyra, is incredulous when he informs Clifton about his assignment to France, but gladly consigns the city's worst detective to the Sûreté. Meanwhile, a group of Mafia bosses celebrate their improved fortunes since Clouseau's disappearance, and their leader, Bruno (Robert Loggia), assures the inspector's permanent absence by hiring an assassin to kill Clifton before he leaves the U.S. However, Clifton proves to be a difficult target, and the gunman falls to his death while taking aim. Another killer awaits Clifton at the airport in Paris, but he trips and falls on his own knife. When Clifton enters Dreyfus's office to meet with him for the first time, he bumps into the desk, which pushes the inspector through the open window and into the concrete fishpond below two stories below. While Dreyfus recovers from his injuries as a result of a broken leg, Clifton breaks into Clouseau's apartment, now a museum dedicated to the detective, and is attacked by Cato (Burt Kwouk), Clouseau's manservant. Clifton defeats Cato, who refers the detective to Professor Auguste Balls (Harvey Korman), the creator of Clouseau's disguises and the last known person to see him alive. Clifton goes to the professor's shop, and though Balls has no information on Clouseau, he does offer the detective his latest invention, the Instant Companion, an inflatable, lifelike female doll. Another attempt on Clifton's life only stiffens his resolve, and he notifies Dreyfus that he will begin his investigation at the theft scene in Lugash. The President of Lugash, who has already spent the insurance money from the stolen diamond, is forewarned of Clifton's arrival and instructs his Secret Police to send the detective back to France before he can collect any evidence. From her private spa on the island of Majorca, Chandra follows Clifton's progress with amusement, and shares the news with Clouseau, whose face is obscured by bandages following plastic surgery. Clifton's next destination is Nice on the French Riviera, where he meets Sir Charles Litton (David Niven), his wife, Lady Simone Litton (Capucine), and Litton's newer, George (Robert Wagoner). The detective's clumsiness prompts the Littons to ask if he is related to Clouseau. Clifton denies any relation, recalling that the President of Lugash posed the same question. Sir Charles admits to being interrogated by Clouseau shortly after the robbery, but denies any guilt, along with the rumor that he is the brilliant jewel thief known as "The Phantom," and that George is his successor. He then advises Clifton to continue his investigation in Valencia, Spain. In Spain, Clifton hires a taxicab to bring him to his hotel (driven by the same driver that reporter Marie Jouvet interacted with in the previous film), but soon discovers Bruno's henchmen in pursuit. After barely escaping with his life, Clifton evades the gangsters with the help of his Instant Companion, which creates the illusion of a young couple on vacation. However, a misplaced cigarette causes an air leak in the doll, and Clifton returns to his hotel to re-inflate his "companion" with a gas pipe, while he updates Dreyfus by telephone. Clifton survives the resulting explosion and travels to Valencia, where a fiesta is underway. Bruno's men continue their pursuit, but Clifton eludes them in the crowded streets and takes refuge in a nightclub, where he meets Juleta Shane (Leslie Ash), a young Englishwoman with an aptitude for martial arts. Together they subdue the gangsters and make their way back to the hotel, where Juleta tries to seduce Clifton. Meanwhile, Dreyfus observes the couple from a nearby window and telephones Valencia police chief Vichila, saying that Clifton is an impostor. When Juleta attempts to poison Clifton's drink, she is shot with a tranquilizer dart by an unseen assailant, and Vichila arrives moments later to arrest Clifton. The police chief informs Clifton that his companion is actually Julie Morgan, Countess Chandra's personal secretary. When a policeman unwittingly drinks the poisoned wine and falls dead in the streets, Clifton takes advantage of this to escape into a crowd of revelers. George drives past and offers the detective a ride to the Litton yacht. The next morning, Clifton joins the Littons as they sail to Majorca, while Chief Vichila advises Chandra to expect a visit from the detective. Unable to reach the spa from the coast, Clifton par-ascends over the structure, but is shot down by the wheelchair-bound Dreyfus, who is driven over a cliff by the gun's recoil. Unfazed by Clifton's crash-landing through her stained-glass ceiling, Chandra invites the detective to join her and her "lover" for a drink. Clifton is awe-struck by Clouseau's resemblance to actor Roger Moore (credited as Turk Thrust II), and overlooks the inspector's French accent and profound stupidity. Chandra convinces Clifton that Clouseau, under the alias of the late "Gino Rossi," visited the spa a year earlier before traveling to Madrid for plastic surgery. Clifton notifies the Sûreté of his findings and returns to Paris. Meanwhile, Chandra and Clouseau open their safe to gaze at the Pink Panther, but find only a white glove in its place. "Swine Phantom!" says Clouseau/Roger Moore. At Sûreté headquarters, Dreyfus declares the case closed after determining (incorrectly) that Clouseau, posing as Rossi, stole the diamond. Relieved to have Clouseau out of his life, Dreyfus sets fire to the inspector's dossier, but the flames quickly engulf his desk, and Clifton comes to the rescue with a fire hose. The force of the water blasts the inspector through the open window and into the concrete fishpond below... again. In the final scene, on the Litton yacht, George admires the stolen Pink Panther diamond, while Sir Charles comments on the disappearance of his one white glove. Simone hints that she is continuing the legacy of "The Phantom." The three criminals then toast to their success. In a post-credits scene, the animated Pink Panther is shown stealing the Pink Panther jewel. Realizing it's heavy, he slips out of the shot and drops the diamond off-screen, shattering it; the credits roll shortly afterwards.
tt0091554
Crime,Mystery,Romance
In downtown Los Angeles, California, an alcoholic actress with the stage name "Viveca Van Loren" awakens from a blackout in a pool of blood, lying next to a dead man. Shocked and oblivious to her whereabouts, Viveca notices that the bedroom television is broadcasting an interview with her deceased bedfellow; he is Bobby Korshack, a controversial fitness photographer who was prosecuted on obscenity charges. Finding a knife in Korshack's chest, Viveca stumbles through the studio for a glass of wine, washes blood from her hands, then telephones her hairdresser and confidante, Joaquin "Jacky" Manero. When she tells him about the dead man, Jacky advises her to call the police. However, she cannot be sure of her innocence, so she leaves the studio and hails a cab. Surprised to learn it is Thanksgiving, Viveca cashes a check at a local bar, packs luggage, and heads to the airport. When she learns that all flights are booked, she rushes outside and provokes a minor curbside automobile accident. Fleeing the scene, Viveca jumps into a nearby jalopy owned by Turner Kendall, who drives Viveca away from the airport, spouting racial epithets and explaining that he was dropping off his young daughter; the girl is taking a return flight to her mother's home. After chastising Turner for his bigotry, Viveca parts with him downtown, and sneaks back into Korshack's studio. There, she scours the premises with cleaning supplies and apologizes to Korshack's corpse. Stuffing the murder weapon in a pillowcase, Viveca prepares to leave, but observes that Korshack's cat is trapped behind the closet door. Fearing that someone is hiding there, Viveca opens the studio's front door and is startled to discover Turner, waiting in the hallway. He claims Viveca dropped her wallet, as well as a matchbook with the studio's address, and drives her home, admitting that he is a former police officer, discharged on disability. At her apartment, Viveca orders Turner to disappear by the time she counts to three, but he remains on her doorstep and she invites him inside. Noticing that she has no food, Turner goes to a store and returns to make a candle-lit, turkey sandwich Thanksgiving dinner. As Viveca becomes increasingly intoxicated and tells Turner that she was once a promising actress, Jacky phones, and Viveca falls asleep with the receiver in her hand. Turner tidies the bathroom, closes the shower door, and leaves. The next morning, Viveca discovers Bobby Korshack's corpse in her shower and runs away as police officers converge at the apartment. Turner, who happens to be driving by, grabs Viveca and calms her with beer. She tells him about her blackout and Korshack's murder, but she refuses to call the police because her former husband had her imprisoned for domestic violence. Viveca adds that she is currently married to her hairdresser, Jacky, though they live apart. She insists that she has been framed for Korshack's murder. Despite a mounting animosity between them, Turner delivers the actress to the apartment of her drag queen friend, Frankie, who lends her clothes and makeup. Heading back outside, Viveca is surprised to find Turner waiting in his jalopy. He declares that she must be innocent, because he did not see Korshack's body in her shower the night before. At a cafe, Turner learns that Viveca and Jacky separated not long after their wedding, but Jacky, an ambitious entrepreneur, continues to support Viveca financially. Turner convinces the actress to telephone his former police colleague, Sgt. Herb Greenbaum. She anonymously reports that the murder occurred at Korshack's studio downtown, not her apartment, where the body was found. Turner then takes Viveca to his makeshift, Quonset hut home, and she is delighted by his extensive book collection. Admitting that her real name is Alexandra "Alex" Sternbergen, Viveca refuses Turner's offer of vodka, and they make love. However, Viveca awakens in the night and gets drunk. In the morning, Turner gives Viveca a newspaper that announces she is a murder suspect. Intoxicated and belligerent, Viveca becomes incensed when Turner suggests she is the perfect target for a swindler. Although Turner orders Viveca to stay at his home, she sneaks away to meet her lawyer, Hurley, who says that Jacky contacted him to start divorce proceedings. Startled by the news, Viveca heads to Jacky's salon and asks him to change her appearance. Jacky is seeking the divorce because he is courting another client, heiress Isabel Harding, who will finance his career. Meanwhile, Turner returns to Korshack's building, interviews a neighbor, and finds the photographer's abandoned cat. Outside, Turner runs into Sgt. Greenbaum and feigns ignorance about the case, but the detective orders his men to track down Turner's home address. Back at the salon, Viveca is delighted by her transformation into a brunette, and her return to her true identity as Alex Sternbergen. When she tells Jacky about Turner, the hairdresser suggests that Turner is Korshack's killer and convinces Viveca to stay at the salon while he attends a dinner party at the home of Isabel's wealthy parents. That evening, Turner goes to the salon, unaware that Sgt. Greenbaum is following him. When Viveca discovers Turner in a wig closet, he declares that Korshack's killer framed the actress by having another woman, disguised as Viveca, run through the hall to confuse the photographer's neighbors. When Turner points out Alex's new hair color, the actress realizes that Jacky deceived her. Meanwhile, Jacky and Isabel return to the salon. The hairdresser hits Turner over the head with a vase, knocking him to the ground, then restrains Viveca. Revealing that Isabel is Korshack's true killer, Jacky attempts to drown Viveca in the bathtub, but Turner regains consciousness and shoots him in the arm. Just then, Sgt. Greenbaum and his policemen arrive, and Isabel pins the murder on Jacky. However, Jacky explains that Isabel murdered the photographer because he was blackmailing her with illicit photographs. Sgt. Greenbaum is sympathetic to Isabel's plea when he learns that her father is a judge, and Jacky realizes he has been had. Sometime later, Viveca, now calling herself Alex, visits Turner at the hospital and reports that Jacky and Isabel are both suspects in the murder. Turner believes Isabel is guilty, but expects that Jacky will be held accountable. Announcing that she has been sober two days, Alex admits that she wants to pursue a relationship with Turner, and he confesses to being a former alcoholic. Despite their attraction, Turner asks Alex to disappear by the time he counts to three, and she walks out the door. Remembering how Turner remained at her doorstep the night they met, Alex returns to his bedside and tearfully declares that he makes her happy.
tt0116320
Action,Adventure,Crime
Charles Piper (Laurence Fishburne) and Mark Dodge (Stephen Baldwin) are two convicts who end up shackled together due to fighting, the pervert Mill who incited the fight then steals a gun from an officer and wipes out half of the officers. Piper and Dodge take off and soon the Attorney General's office has U.S. Marshal Pat Schiller (Robert John Burke) on the case. Informed of the escape, local cop Matthew "Gib" Gibson (Will Patton) starts getting suspicious of the feds' interest in Dodge, who Gibson had earlier arrested. Gibson finds that Dodge has a hidden computer disk that contains information that could be very damaging to Cuban crime boss Frank Mantajano (Michael Nader). Piper, who turns out to be a cop on the case, and Dodge must stay out of the clutches of Mantajano's hit man Rico Santiago (Victor Rivers), and corrupt federal agents who want to retrieve the disk.
tt0093418
Comedy,Fantasy
The story opens with a man staggering through the desert with a large laceration on his leg. He comes to the home of a Native American family who take him in. They have him drink a clear liquid and stare into the eyes of one of the men. Suddenly, both men realize their minds have been swapped. One of them tends to the injured man's leg and the man feels nothing due to the mind transference. He leaves with some of the potion they gave him once their minds have been switched back. Chris Hammond is a high school student who runs relay for his track team and has aspirations to date a beautiful student, Laurie. Laurie's hulking boyfriend, Rick, is a belligerent and bullying guy who also runs relay for the track team but constantly comes down on Chris, especially when their coach gives Chris the anchor spot at their next meet. Laurie barely pays any attention to Chris to being with, but suddenly accepts a date proposal when Chris tells her he has tickets to a rock concert that weekend. Chris' father is Jack Hammond, a brilliant and successful surgeon who is vying for a chief of staff position at his hospital. He is the leading candidate for the search but also has to fend off the advances of his boss' wife, Ginnie, who flirts constantly with Jack. Jack also remains stern when one of his colleagues, Dr Amy Larkin, pleads with him to accept an ER patient with chest pains who doesn't have any medical insurance. At a staff meeting, Dr Larkin brings up the issue of uninsured patients, but finds she can't count on Jack or any of the other staff to support her. Jack expects that Chris will follow him into surgery but Chris isn't very interested. When Chris gives an oral presentation to his biology class, it's a near-disaster with Chris trying to speak in medicalese and failing. He receives a C grade which he knows will disappoint his dad. Chris' friend, Lawrence, AKA "Trigger", tells Chris about his visiting uncle, Earl -- the same man from the opening scene who had his mind switched. Trigger tells Chris he overheard Earl telling his parents about the potion. Chris thinks Trigger is making the story up, however Trigger shows up at Chris' house with a small amount of the potion in a Tabasco bottle. They test it out on Chris' dog and cat and it's successful. The two are astounded, and careless when they leave the bottle behind and the Hammond's maid finds it and puts it in the cupboard next to the real bottle of Tabasco. Jack returns home that night and almost immediately asks Chris about his biology presentation. As Jack prepares himself a Bloody Mary, he grabs the Tabasco bottle containing Trigger's potion and puts a few drops in his drink. When he hears that Chris got a C, he turns around to reprimand him about it and their minds switch. Their suspicions are confirmed when they see the cat and dog both acting like each other. Jack becomes depressed and spends the evening at home. Chris, now able to use his father's ID to drink, takes Trigger out for an evening at a nightclub. While there, Chris meets Ginnie, who is quite surprised to see "Jack" at a nightclub. She tells him she'll contact him later, Chris not knowing who she actually is. Chris returns home in the early hours of the morning and Jack is furious. Jack calls in sick to the hospital -- an usual occurrence -- and tells Chris he's going to take Chris' place at school. Chris stays home and takes advantage of having the house all to himself. His boss, Dr Armbruster, knowing that Jack never calls in ill, decides to stop by the Hammond's house and finds Jack well. Chris agrees to report to the hospital where he goes on rounds, letting his interns handle patient reports and medications. They later go out with Chris/Jack and now appear to have a better rapport with the usually stoic Jack. Jack/Chris is later furious with his son when he finds out he went on rounds and loosened-up his relationship with his students. Meanwhile, at school, Jack impresses Chris' teachers with his vast knowledge of Chris' lessons, eventually becoming an annoyance to Chris' teachers and fellow students. He also rats out a classmate who plays a prank on a teacher. Chris is quickly ostracized by his father's actions despite Jack's belief that he can help Chris excel academically and be admitted to a top pre-med college. Chris' big track meet is later that day and Jack, despite having no experience at running, participates as the relay team anchor. He blows the crucial final lap, dropping the baton and diving for the finish line but coming up far short. When he leaves after the meet, Rick confronts him but Jack ignores him and runs over his foot. That night, he takes Laurie out to the concert as promised but makes her leave early when the music played by the heavy metal band bothers him too much. Laurie is very annoyed and storms into her house. Suddenly, Rick grabs Jack/Chris and beats him severely. At home, Chris/Jack gets a surprise visit from Ginnie. Knowing he stands a good chance at having sex with her, he invites her in but since he's not as sophisticated at his father, he blows the date, even setting a love seat on fire. Ginnie storms out leaving Chris to be confronted by his father when he gets home. The two of them argue: Jack/Chris is upset that he was beaten up and still has to go to the interview for Chris the next day with the admissions rep from the pre-med college. Chris/Jack wants his father to leave him alone to choose his own life goals. Suddenly, Trigger shows up saying he'd gotten in contact with Earl and they need to go with his uncle to Death Valley to find the antidote to the transference serum. After searching for a key ingredient, Earl cooks up the antidote and Chris and Jack stare at each other, seemingly with no effect. Earl suggests that it will take some time to work. On their way back they stop off at a gas station and find a woman ready to deliver a baby. Jack/Chris takes control and has the husband, Trigger and Earl all help out. Chris/Jack passes out at the sight of the baby being born. After they return home, Jack/Chris goes to Chris' interview but it's cut short when the antidote takes effect. Chris/Jack is in a private meeting with Dr Armbruster who confronts Jack about playing around with his wife. Jack is overjoyed that he's returned to his own body. Chris is about to race out of the school to find his father when he's met by Rick. Rick challenges Chris to a fairer fight, even volunteering to keep both hands behind his back. Chris knocks him out cold and hurries off to find his dad. He bursts into the staff meeting where they'll decide who the new chief of staff is and tries to convince Jack's colleagues that he's blameless for the incident with Ginnie. However, Jack comes in and assures Chris that he doesn't want the position after all and turns the board down flat. Jack and Chris walk off with a new understanding of their relationship.
tt0087265
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In the summer of 1963 Brooklyn, New York, 18-year-old Jeffrey Willis (Matt Dillon) is invited to spend the Fourth of July at the exclusive El Flamingo Beach Club in Far Rockaway, Long Island, New York. Steve Dawkins (Brian McNamara) and Henry "Hawk" Ganz (Fisher Stevens), two friends who used to live in the neighborhood whose families are now members of the El Flamingo, need a third player for a gin rummy game at the club. Jeffrey, who is a whiz at math and cards, helps them win $89.90 in a penny-a-point gin rummy game. Jeffrey is impressed by the luxurious club and is smitten upon meeting the beautiful, blonde Carla Samson (Janet Jones) from California who is staying the summer with her relatives, the wealthy Brody family. After the holiday buffet and fireworks, Jeffrey and his friends are leaving when a car stalls in the parking lot. Jeffrey examines the engine and gets the car started. The parking lot attendant offers him a job and puts Jeffrey to work. The next morning, Jeffrey tells his father, plumber Arthur Willis (Hector Elizondo), that he has taken the job. Arthur is upset as he arranged with one of his plumbing clients for Jeffrey to work as an office boy at an engineering firm in Brooklyn. Arthur dreams of his son becoming an engineer, but Jeffrey does not want to spend his summer in an office. Jeffrey places the $40 he made in tips on the table, confident he can contribute to his college tuition, but his father dismisses the gesture, saying that working for tips is not an honest job. That afternoon at the El Flamingo, Jeffrey and other parking attendants watch a high-stakes gin rummy game in which "king" of the game Phil Brody (Richard Crenna), who owns a foreign car dealership, plays against retired Air Force Colonel Cal Eastland (Frank Campanella), who owns the El Flamingo. Jeffrey is impressed by Phil Brody's style and his habit of holding his cards in an upside-down fan pattern. That night, Jeffrey tries to imitate holding cards in the upside-down fan, but cannot master it. Phil Brody's daughter, Joyce (Carole R. Davis), invites Steve Dawkins to dinner, while Joyce's cousin, Carla Samson, invites Jeffrey. Phyllis (Jessica Walter), Phil's snotty wife, is aghast to have a parking lot attendant come for dinner, but Phil Brody takes a shine to Jeffrey after the young man compliments his card playing. Phil teaches Jeffrey some of the finer points of cards, explaining that he does not have a son to share his expertise with. Carla and Jeffrey have a nice evening and share a kiss as he leaves. The next day at the El Flamingo, Phil arranges for Jeffrey to be promoted to cabana boy. Over the next few weeks, Jeffrey makes a lot of money in tips and wins a lot of money in penny-a-point gin rummy games with his friends. One day, Phil Brody takes Jeffrey to his Long Island car dealership, Brody Motors, and lets him drive an Italian-made sports car. Phil tells Jeffrey that he never went to college, but took some night courses at New York University and believes education is not as essential as sales ability, because it is the salesmen of the world who make the money. Phil believes Jeffrey would make a good salesman and will give Jeffrey a job whenever he wants one. Jeffrey, who has been accepted at the Pratt Institute and is on the waiting list for Columbia University, tells his family that he has decided not to go to college and repeats things that Phil said about salesmen making the most money. Arthur Willis' dream is for his children to be educated, but Jeffrey insists he is going to be a car salesman. The next day, Arthur Willis comes to the club and invites Jeffrey to join the family for a meal at a nice restaurant after his shift ends, but Jeffrey and his friends are going to the horse races in Yonkers. Arthur and Jeffrey argue until Phil steps in, complimenting Arthur on what a fine son he has and advising him to let Jeffrey spend time with his friends. At the horse races, Jeffrey and his friends lose money after betting on a horse that was supposed to be a "sure thing." Afterward at a diner, some guys from the racetrack start a fight with them and police arrest them all. Arthur bails his son out of jail. On the drive home, Jeffrey and his father get into an argument about money. Jeffrey criticizes his father for saving all his money and making them live in a "dump" in Brooklyn. Hearing that, Arthur slaps his son in the face. When he gets home, Jeffrey packs some clothes and says he is moving out. Arthur mocks him, asking if he is going to become a "fast car salesman." Arthur admits that fast things frighten him. He also says that there are two important things in life: "finding out what you do well and finding out what makes you happy". Arthur says "if God is smiling on you, they're both the same thing". Jeffrey sleeps in a cabana at the club and the next day tells Phil Brody he is ready to work for him. Phil offers him a job as a stock boy at his dealership in Yonkers. Jeffrey is distraught as he was expecting to be a car salesman, but Phil explains he has to grow into the position. That night, Jeffrey and Carla go on a date and make love for the first (and only) on the beach. Carla hopes he can come visit her in Los Angeles where she will attend college. Jeffrey and Carla then say goodbye to each other. On Labor Day, Phil and his team play another high-stakes gin rummy game against Col. Eastland and his team. As usual, Brody is winning, but Jeffrey notices a man named Big Sid observing the game and signaling Brody about Eastland's cards. Big Sid collapses from sunstroke, falling onto Eastland, and both are taken to the hospital. The other members of Eastland's team, Charlie Cooper and Mario Minetta, need a third player and Jeffrey volunteers. Jeffrey plays against Phil and wins several hands. The game goes on for hours and moves inside when it gets dark and Jeffrey continues to win. On the last hand, the men agree to double the stakes. As Phil hesitates about which card to discard, Jeffrey comments that it is not so easy to win without Big Sid there to help him, then puts down the winning hand. Angry at losing, Phil storms away from the card table. Delighted at their windfall, Jeffrey's two teammates give him a share of the winnings. Jeffrey tells them how Phil has been cheating all summer with the help of Big Sid. A little later that evening, Phil comes to congratulate Jeffrey on winning and offers to let him be a salesman at his new dealership in Newport, California, so he can be close to Carla. Jeffrey declines and tells Brody that he told the others about his cheating scam. Jeffrey tells his friends at the beach club goodbye and goes to Larry's Fish House where his family is having dinner. He makes up with Arthur and says he intends to move back home, then gives his father a hug.
tt0115580
Comedy
Struggling to forge a financial career in white male dominated wall street society, taken for granted Laurel Ayers a black woman decided to change the playing field. Quickly realizing that only white males would ever achieve greatness she invents an elusive,Howard Hugh's like character Robert Cutty. Pretending to be Mr. Robert Cutty, Laural Ayers establishes a wealthy investment firm until events force Mr. Cutty to psychically materialize; as of this point he is never seen. Enlisting the help of her drag queen friend and her associate, Sally Dugan she is able to create a physical prosthetic entity. A chain of events mostly due to Laural Ayers adversaries force her to abandon her fictional character and deal her out once again. Down and out didn't necessary leave her out of the game. Laural Ayers is smart and proves she can have the upper hand. Striking back, she reveals who Robert Cutty really is to a group of her colleagues, proving it isn't who you are on the outside but who you are in the inside Check out my review at: www.dereksheldon.blogpsot.com
tt0085678
Adventure,Drama,Romance
In a European hotel of the 1920s, a man returns to his room while being shadowed by another man. Before the second man can kill the first, he is shot. The man who does the shooting is Charlie, personal chaperon to Eve Tozer, a rich socialite who is heir to her father's fortune. Charlie has found out that Eve's father's business partner, Bentik, has moved to have her father, who has been missing for years, declared legally dead so he can seize all his assets, leaving Eve broke. Eve resolves to find her father. Eve is unsuccessful at first in finding someone to fly her to the far reaches of Asia, where her father was last rumored to have gone. She is eventually recommended to a local pilot, Patrick O'Malley, who is a former World War I flying ace. He is also a drunk. When Eve arrives at his airfield, she finds he has two biplanes, one named Dorothy, the other, Lillian (after acting sisters Dorothy and Lillian Gish). O'Malley initially turns down Eve's request, despite her generous offer of money. However, unpredictably, Eve herself is an accomplished pilot, which she proves to O'Malley very quickly by taking him on a rigorous flight in one of his planes. O'Malley accepts her offer and tells his mechanic, Struts, to mount Lewis-type machine guns on both planes since they'll be flying into hostile territory. As Eve prepares for her trip, and she and Charlie walk down a crowded street, they are attacked by assassins sent by Bentik. Eve escapes but Charlie is killed while seeing she gets away safely. Eve goes immediately to O'Malley's airfield, followed by Bentik's people. She, O'Malley, and Struts manage to escape the thugs sent after Eve and they fly east. At the end of their journey's first leg is a British airbase in Iraq. That night, O'Malley and Eve go to the officer's club, where O'Malley quickly becomes inebriated. O'Malley is asked about his war record and though he has many victories to speak of, he becomes somber, talking about flying against young, highly inexperienced pilots, who were easy "kills". When Eve tells him they should go to bed early, O'Malley becomes quite rude. The next morning O'Malley is quite hung over, however, they leave on schedule. The next leg of their journey brings them to a tribal camp in Afghanistan. The camp's leader, the Sulehman Khan, welcomes them, but warns that Eve must be compliant with their laws concerning women, who are treated as subservient. Later, at a banquet, when Eve asks the Khan if he knows her father's whereabouts, he tells her he is dead. However, the Khan has other plans; he wants O'Malley to use one of his planes to drop bombs on a nearby British camp. The Khan's nephew will fly with O'Malley, armed with a pistol in case O'Malley tries to fly off. The Khan also plans to hold Eve and Struts hostage until O'Malley returns. That night, they are met by an enslaved Nepalese woman, Alessa, who says she will help them escape. She also knows that Eve's father was indeed at the Khan's camp and escaped to her village in the Himalayas. Eve and O'Malley promise to take Alessa home. The next morning, O'Malley takes the Khan's son, with the explosives, into the air on the mission. Once in the air, having not told the Khan's nephew to fasten his lap belt, O'Malley suddenly inverts the plane, dropping the man on the Khan's camp. O'Malley creates a diversion by dropping bombs on the camp while Eve, Struts and Alessa successfully escape in the other plane. The group arrives in Nepal. When they arrive, Eve, quite exhausted, asks if her father is still there. He is not, and Eve faints. While she suffers from fever and delirium, O'Malley stays with her until she is well several days later. Meanwhile, Bentik learns of his assassins' failure and hires a German flying ace, Von Hess, to track down O'Malley and eliminate him. The next morning, in the midst of an argument (Eve mistakenly believes that O'Malley took advantage of her while she was ill), Von Hess attacks the village, destroying one of O'Malley's planes. O'Malley quickly flies into combat and downs Von Hess after a brief dogfight. Upon landing, O'Malley asks Eve to tell him the truth. Eve tells him that Bentik may have sent the man to kill them. O'Malley is flustered, but agrees to continue. The two talk to the village's shaman, who tells them that Eve's father has gone to the Chinese province of Sinkiang. Eve and O'Malley leave Struts behind and make the long flight to Sinkiang. In a remote village, they finally find her father, Bradley, who is working with the villagers to defeat a local warlord, General Wong. While Eve settles in, Tozer, while giving the pilot a tour of his defenses, asks O'Malley why they came so far just to find him. O'Malley tells him about Bentik's plans. Tozer laughs, saying that before he left, he arranged for Eve's financial future to be legally bound and that Bentik presents little threat. O'Malley plans to leave with Eve the next day for Hong Kong to file against Bentik in a British court. Eve refuses to leave, saying she wants to stay and help her father. O'Malley says she's crazy and she seems convinced to leave. The next morning, Wong begins his attack, which Tozer is well prepared for, having mined the valley around his fortress. He gains a special advantage when Eve suddenly appears, flying O'Malley's plane, dropping grenades on enemy positions. She takes out a large cannon, but is hit by machine-gun fire and crashes. O'Malley rides out on horseback to find her. Eve is alive and uninjured, but a nearby enemy squad finds them. While O'Malley fights them off, Tozer begins setting off the mines in the valley, quickly winning the battle and killing Wong in the process. The soldiers retreat and O'Malley and Eve share a romantic moment.
tt1229827
Documentary,Music
In this concert film, from the same director as "Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert Tour," you follow the Jonas Brothers as they cross the country on their "Burning Up Tour". The film was filmed in Disney Digital 3-D and will only be shown in Digital 3D. Demi Lovato and Taylor Swift guest star and perform a song with the band. You will see backstage adventures with the Jonas Brothers, and you'll follow them as they prepare for the tour. A new song by the Jonas Brothers will premiere in the film as well. This was filmed July 12 and 13 in Anaheim, California at the Honda Center, and August 10 and 11 in New York City, New York in Madison Square Garden. -orangecountyfann Excerpts from the Jonas Brothers' Burning Up concert tour combine, unscripted segments, and plenty of good-natured humor as director Bruce Hendricks (Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert) offers an eye-popping look into the lives of the Grammy-nominated hitmakers. Filmed in Disney Digital 3-D, the Walt Disney Pictures rockumentary allows the viewer to experience the thrill of being surrounded by legions of screaming fans, and features the previously unreleased song "Love Is on Its Way." [D-Man2010] The Jonas Brothers head to the big screenin Disney Digital 3-Din a high-energy Walt Disney Pictures rockumentary feature film event from director Bruce Hendricks. The film blends excerpts from the Brothers red-hot Burning Up concert tour, including guest performances from Demi Lovato and Taylor Swift, with exclusive behind-the-scenes footage, off-the-wall segments, a never-before-heard song, swarming fans and a lot of JB-style humorgiving fans never-before-seen insights into the lives of Kevin, Joe and Nick. [D-Man2010]
tt0314197
Drama,Romance,Thriller
A W Bergh, Stockholm: Heard about the green Ford Falcons of Buenos Aires? Death mobiles they was called and were doing the same dirty job for president Videla and a string of junta generals, in the 1970s mimicking their highly successful colleague dictator Pinochet across the border in Chile. Kids protesting against expensive school bus fares could be taken for a ride and never seen again. Disappearances, desaparecidos, was the name of the game and seems to the mayor training for the brave military men crushing the enemies of Argentina in their dirty war against opposition during the late 1970s and early 80s. Performing roughly 40 000 desaparecidos until they met real soldiers on the Falklands in 1982 and was beaten to pulp in a few days by the British. The military rule was toppled but their henchmen have to this day not even been brought to justice. Only leaving a trail of wailing crazy mothers circling the famous Plaza de Mayo Square in central Buenos Aires, flashing large pictures of their murdered sons and daughters. A pity Imagining Argentina is such bomb telling the story. Costa-Gavras took less than a decade to make Missing, to give us a fair shot of what Pinochets CIA-backed bloodstained fascist coup in Chile was all about. A heck of a better job than this quarter of a century late badly told yarn. While Jack Lemon tormented the American ambassador on site to find his missing son in Santiago and actually had the bastard to admit that eggs had to be broken in order to save dear American investments down here on their backyard clairvoyant Banderas use voodoo to figure out the whereabouts of his vanished wife (and later on his already lifeless daughter). To make it even worse, to no avail as it turns out. It chiefly brings him out on the huge Pampas only to meet an old Jewish couple, keeping exotic birds as a hobby(!), lecturing him on the horrors of Nazi Germany. Thats amazingly about all the politics to learn from decades of Latin America military violence in this story. Need I tell more? Not even Leonard Maltin bothered to include the film in his Movie Guide
tt0315775
Drama
A teenage girl of Afro-Caribbean heritage named Cynthia Gimenez lives in a cramped Manhattan apartment on the edge of Spanish Harlem. Her mother and grandmother speak minimal English. Her older sister is an unwed mother living on welfare. Her older brother is a drug-dealing junkie. In the course of the film, Cynthia faces chaos and betrayal. One of her buddies is deliberately murdered, while another of her loved ones is accidentally shot. She runs from the police at one point, and to them at another. But through it all, Cynthia has a secret friend: Anne Frank. In a flashback scene early in the film, Cynthias now-dead father gives his young daughter a dog-eared copy of THE DIARY OF ANNE FRANK, and for the rest of the film Annes words, read verbatim by Cynthia, provide both her solace and her inspiration. Cynthia buys herself a plaid notebook that looks very much like Annes original, and she retreats to her corner, like Anne did, to record her private thoughts. All children must look after their own upbringing, she reads, and from these words she understands that she can either blame her surroundings and give up, or take responsibility for her own future. She finds out that her brother is selling her poems to a rapper named Deuce who has been performing them and recording them and claiming them as his own. But with Annes voice in her head, Cynthia finds her courage, and by the end of the film she has transformed herself into an artist named Anne B. Real.
tt0955411
Animation,Family
This animated feature relates the mythical story of the Hebrews' Exodus out of Egyptian bondage. It follows Moses from his childhood as the adopted son of Pharaoh to his adulthood as the chosen one of Yahweh and liberator of his people.
tt0065569
Horror
Prologue: "Over 50 years ago, Bram Stoker wrote the greatest of all horror stories. Now, for the first time, we retell exactly as he wrote, one of the first--and still the best--tales of the macabre." Transylvania May 1897: On the way to Castle Dracula, Jonathan Harker (Fred Williams) boards the train to Bistritz. A passenger warns him about Dracula. Harker arrives at an inn for the night. The innkeeper's wife warns him that tomorrow is St George's Night. Harker leaves next morning for the Borgo Pass. At nightfall, he is met by Dracula's coach. On the ride to castle, Dracula ()chases off wolves. After retiring for the night, Harker hears a woman outside the castle walls crying for her baby. Three vampiresses find Harker, but Dracula chases them away and gives them the baby for dinner. Harker awakens, finds bites on his neck, climbs out window to Dracula's crypt; opens a coffin to see Dracula inside, and leaps out the window. At a Sanitarium outside London: Harker awakens in bed with Dr John Seward (Paul Muller) at his side. Harker was found floating in a river near Budapest. Lucy (Soledad Miranda) and Mina (Maria Rohm) come to tend him. Renfield (Klaus Kinski) is also a patient here. Lucy is called by Dracula who leads her to neighboring building and drinks her blood. Mina sees it happen. Lucy receives transfusion from Quincy Morris (Jack Taylor), but Dracula drinks again and again; eventually Lucy dies. Professor Abraham van Helsing (Herbert Lom) educates them on vampire lore. Lucy is buried. Lucy attacks a child in the park; Van Helsing, Morris and Harker go to her grave and stake her. Harker recalls sale of Carfax Abbey (next door) to Dracula; Harker, Morris and Seward investigate and are attacked by stuffed animals guarding the coffins. Dracula's coffin is gone. Van Helsing has a stroke. Mina talks with Renfield who tries to strangle her on Dracula's order. On the way to meeting with a 'secretary', Harker sees Dracula in London streets. Harker receives word that Mina is at the opera. Dracula goes to the opera and helps himself to a bit of Mina's blood. Dracula books passage to Varna. Dracula goes to drink from Mina and meets Van Helsing who saves Mina by carving a flaming cross in the carpet with a hot poker. Transylvania October/November 1897: Dracula leaves for Varna by sea; Harker and Morris go by a quicker route, arriving first at the castle where they stake the three vampiresses, sanctify Dracula's tomb, intercept his coffin as it arrives at castle, and finally burn Dracula in his coffin outside the castle walls. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tt0273435
Drama,War
Brilliant Testimony to Legacy of Art and History On one level, Ararat is an extremely sophisticated movie about the painful lessons of history and the healing beauty of art. On another level, it is a kind of ghost story about the life and legacy of the great painter Arshile Gorky (Simon Akarian). Haunted himself by the atrocious reported massacre of Armenians in 1915, the spirit of Gorky, as portrayed in Ararat, takes the form of different things for different people following his suicide in 1948. In what we call the real world, Gorky emerged as a leading artist of the twentieth century. Along with such geniuses as Willem de Kooning, Jackson Pollock, and Mark Rothko, his work helped define the art movements known as Surrealism and Abstract Expressionism. For the director character within the movie Ararat, the painter is an inspirational cultural icon whose personal story embodies the larger tragic history of his people. To Ani (Arsinee Khanjian), an art historian, he is the fascinating subject of her latest book. To her stepdaughter Celia (Marie-Josee Croze), he is a painful reminder of her fathers questionable death; and to Raffi (David Alpay) he is an important piece to the puzzle of his own identity. How it all ties together is a testament to Atom Egoyans brilliant artistry as a writer and director. by Author-Poet Aberjhani, author of The Bridge of Silver Wings and Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance
tt0168172
Action,Comedy
A tattooed Interpol agent helps an old classmate find the kidnapped daughter of a computer software tycoon.
tt0084776
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
A successful architect, dogged by a mid-life crisis, purges his material trappings then retreats into a self-imposed exile on a remote Greek island in a vain attempt to bring meaning to his life.
tt0082175
Drama
Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City, 1944. Reuven "Robert" Malter and Daniel "Danny" Saunders are two 15-year-old Jewish youths living in the same predominant Jewish neighborhood whom have never met nor have anything in common. Reuven is a smart, popular in his community, Modern Orthodox Jew whose mother died during the early years of the Holocaust in Nazi Germany nearly 10 years earlier. Reuven's bitter, widowed father, David Malter, is a Talmudic scholar, college professor, and a practicing Zionist whom supports the establishment of a Jewish homeland in the hopes that he and his only son will return to someday to live for good and be free from worldwide persecution. Danny is a Hasidic Jew, and the first-born son of Reb Isaac Saunders, a Rabbinic sage and tzaddik who moved to the USA with his family and congregation from Russia before the 1917 October Revolution. Danny is also highly intelligent with a photographic memory, and interested in psychology (particularly Freudian psychoanalysis) but lacking in aptitude for mathematics. He wants to become a psychologist, but he feels trapped by the Hasidic tradition which forces him into the role as next in line to succeed his father as Rabbi. Reuven and Danny meet for the first time as rivals in a softball game between their high school teams that turns into a spiritual war. Danny's batting style is such that the ball is sent speeding back up the middle of the field, and so he receives a reputation of trying to kill pitchers. Angered by unsuccessful attempts to hit Reuven's previous pitches, Danny hits a line drive toward Reuven, shattering his eyeglasses and sending him to the hospital with an injured left eye. While recovering from his injuries, Danny visits Reuven and apologizes and the two become best friends over time despite the difference between their different Jewish cultures. Reuven learns that Danny's father, a respected Rabbi, only talks to Danny during religious conversations - Danny is being brought up "in silence". Reuven also learns Danny's deepest secret: he wishes to become a psychologist rather than a rabbi as his father wants. The only people who know about this are Reuven and a man who has been offering Danny advice, revealed to be Reuven's father. In 1945, following the end of World War II, Reuven comes to experience the pain of silence himself. Though accepted as family, he incurs Reb Saunders's wrath when he speaks favorably of the struggle to establish a secular Jewish nation in Palestine, which Saunders and the Hasidic community vehemently opposes. When Mr. Malter makes a speech at a pro-Israel rally that makes the newspapers, Saunders forbids his son to speak to Reuven, or even mention his name. (Danny breaks this order once, to let Reuven know, but tells him: "I won't go against my father. I won't!"). Afterwards, Reuven experiences anguish, rage, and depression before learning to cope with being alone. Due to stress of working long hours without sleep or food, Reuven's father collapses from a stroke and is hospitalized. Reuven spends his solitary time visiting his father as well as wondering the streets, and even partakes in the smuggling of several crates of weapons off the Brooklyn docks headed for Palestine in support of the Jewish underground ressistance movement there. In November 1947, Reuven and his invalid father hear a radio news report about the UN assembly voting to establish the Jewish state of Israel in Palestine and Mr. Malter tells Reuven that they are going to return to their homeland (Israel) when he is well enough. A few days later, Danny suddenly shows up at Reuven's front door wating to re-establish their friendship after two years of seperation. Danny explains to Reuven that Reb Saunders has relented and accepted defeat, since the new nation of Israel is "no longer an issue; it's a fact." Reuven finds that Danny has come to terms with the silence imposed by his father, having discovered that silence can be a teacher, and a source of beauty as well as pain. Danny himself waits in fear for the day following high school graduation, when he must tell his father that he does not wish to succeed him. (Reb Saunders already knows this to be true, after Danny receives an acceptance letter from Columbia University.) A few months later in 1948, Reuven again finds himself a buffer between father and son when the two friends learn Reb Saunders' purpose for raising his son in silence: Reb Saunders had discovered early on that his son's dawning intelligence was far outstripping his sense of compassion for others. He wanted his son to understand the meaning of pain, so he shut him out emotionally. Finding the grown-up Danny indeed has a heart, and cares deeply about other people, Reb Saunders is willing to give his blessing to Danny's dream of studying psychology. "He will be a tzadik for the world," Reb Saunders tells Reuven. Saunders then finally, after many years, truly talks to Danny, asking him to forgive him for the pain he caused, bringing him up as he did. The words finally spoken, he leaves the room, and both boys burst into tears. In the final scene, set in 1950, a transformed Danny visits Reuven on his way to Columbia University. Danny has shaved off his beard, cut off his Hasidic hairlocks shorn, and his clothing is up to date. Reuven tells Danny that he has definitely decided he wants to be a rabbi, and is going on to study at a yeshiva in Israel with his father whom has almost completely recovered from his stroke. Danny tells Reuven that his younger brother, Levi, will take his place as his father's successor, and his own relationship with Reb Saunders has completely changed. "We talk now," he says quietly. Danny is finally set free, and Reuven and Danny taste profoundly the pain in life, and the consolation of deep friendship which is quietly comming to an end. Danny goes on to study psychology and Reuven leaves for Israel.
tt0090644
Horror,Thriller
The film begins with a written disclaimer: "During the film you are about to see, you will be subject to subliminal messages and mild hypnosis." "This will cause you no physical harm or lasting effect, but if for any reason you lose control or feel that your mind is leaving your body -- leave the auditorium immediately." The disclaimer is accompanied by a narrator, who advises viewers to take caution regarding their surroundings once the film has begun, and not to engage in conversation with any unknown individuals for the duration of the running time. In the opening scene, John (Michael Lerner) is at home with his mother. While he is playing with the pet pigeons in their cages, a bird flies out and around the room, until he manages to catch it and return it to his mother. John goes to work at an eye clinic where a doctor (Nat Baker) shows John and a group of students (Gustavo Gili, Antonio Regueiro and Joaquín Ribas) a collection of eyeballs in jars. John then goes to a patient, named Caroline (Isabel García Lorca), whom he tries to help put contact lenses in her eyes. John leaves after Caroline makes a comment about his eyes and a nurse (Patrice Manget) tells her that John is sensitive to such comments because John is a diabetic and he is slowly losing his vision. Caroline continues her complaints, and from home John's mother (Zelda Rubinstein) seems to listen to the conversation through a shell. "You'll be sorry!" John's mother says. Later, John is at home eating dinner and his mother plays a spiral on the turntable, takes off John's thick-lenses glasses, and relaxes him through hypnosis. "Now you are with Mommy as one." John visits Caroline at her house, telling her that he has the correct prescription for her eyes. John lets himself into the house to ask Caroline to let him try out her new contact lenses. After fitting them in, Caroline seems content, so John apologizes about that morning and he suddenly pulls out a scalpel and slashes Caroline's throat. When Caroline's boyfriend (José María Chucarro) walks into the room and sees Caroline's dead body, John throws the scalpel at him and then stabs him in the stomach. At home, John's mother gets a phone call from the hospital. She says that John is not coming back (a conversation that John "hears" through his merging of minds with his mother. John's mother thinks that the entire hospital is against John and she tells him via telepathy to cut out all people's eyes.) As John is cutting out the dead Caroline and her boyfriend's eyes, the image slowly pulls back to reveal that this whole thing is a movie being shown to a small audience in a small movie theatre. The slasher film is called The Mommy and it is having a matinee showing in this theater somewhere in Los Angeles. Among the audience are two teenage girls named Patty (Talia Paul) and Linda (Clara Pastor). Patty is disgusted and frightened by the film and of John's character. The unfeeling Linda, munching on popcorn, tells Patty that it is only a movie. In the film, John is called home by his mother and she confronts him to kill all of the people in the city saying "all of the eyes of the city will be ours". Patty begins to complain about her eyes becoming irritated from her own contact lenses, and she sees a weird looking man (Ángel Jové), sitting across the aisle from her also rubbing his eyes. In the film, Mother begins an eerie trance for John involving spirals, and many people in the theater audience seem dazed by the movie. Patty tells Linda that she feels dizzy, and her breathing gets heavier, until finally the on-screen trance is over and John stands up to leave and tells his mother, "they are going to be very sorry, Mother." John goes out and goes to a movie theatre that is playing The Lost World (1925), sits behind a man, stabs him with a screwdriver and cut out his eyes with a scalpel. Patty finally leaves Linda to watch the film alone. Mother tells John to go for more people in the theater. John sits behind a couple as the woman (Diane Pinkley) goes for more popcorn, and he kills the unaccompanied husband (Benito Porcino). In a women's room stall, Patty sees a pair of shoes outside the door and when they are gone, she runs back into the theater and tells her that the weird looking man was in the bathroom. Linda points him out, still sitting in his chair. But Patty is convinced that a man was in the bathroom and she persuades Linda to go check. Linda, who wants more popcorn anyway, finally agrees to check it out and tells Patty to stay to tell her what happened. In the film, the woman returns to her seat and offers popcorn to her dead husband (which John accepts). John then puts a cloth around her face. Patty continues staring at the weird looking man, who looks at his wristwatch as if timing the movements in the movie. Patty becomes more uneasy when he stands up and leaves the theater. In the movie, Mother tells John to come home, but John refuses saying that he can do all this alone. He goes to a restroom and begins to count his eyeballs. In the theater lobby, the girl at the concession stand (Josephine Borchaca) and the woman at the ticket booth (Antonella Murgía) are shot and killed by the weird looking man who has a silenced .38 caliber semi-automatic pistol. Linda comes out of the ladies room to see the killer dragging the bodies away. A terrified Linda takes cover in the men's room and hides in a stall while the killer enters to hide the two bodies in a stall right next to hers. In the movie, a woman confronts John for being in the ladies room and he chokes her to death, and in the struggle loses his glasses when they fall off and break on the floor. Mother continues to plead with John to come back home, but John refuses. The ticket lady enters the bathroom and screams when she sees John hanging over the stall and is swiped with the blade. John goes to the lobby for some popcorn and then attacks the concession girl as well. In the real world, the killer reloads his gun and he seems to be mimicking John's actions on the screen. A man sitting behind a very anxious Patty asks her if she is okay, and she tells him that her friend has been gone for a long time. The man asks Patty what her friend's name is and says that he will go to find her. The man enters the now deserted theater lobby and enters the men's room where he is shot through the neck by the killer. In parallel to both movies, the killer and John both secure the theater doors as the killer in the real world says "Don't worry Mother. I won't leave" and as John in the movie does so, he is caught by the projectionist who has entered the lobby for his break. John chases him and tries to kill him but is unsuccessful. The projectionist is soon seen calling the police. In the real world, a terror-stricken Linda slips out of the men's room and manages to get outside. Linda stops a passing salesman in the street and tells him that there is a murderer in the theater. The man walks with Linda to the theater where he goes inside, sees the secured doors, and blood on the floor. The man runs back out and the two of them run down the street to call the police. Back in the theater, the woman who was with the helpful man tells Patty that she will be right back for her husband has not returned. The woman is grabbed by the killer when she walks past a curtain and he shoots her as well. The killer then grabs Patty and holds her hostage while she is still in her seat, further mimicking John's onscreen dialogue. In the movie, a woman in the audience finds the results of John's killings and panic ensues. John stabs a man who tries to get out the secured fire escape door and also failed to reason with John. He quickly grabs the man's teenage daughter hostage and stands in front of the theater screen which continues to screen The Lost World. John screams out for his mother to come get him and Mommy leaves her house and takes a taxi to the theater. She tells the driver to call the police to save the people John has in the theater. At the same time, the killer then yells at the on-screen John when a man in the audience stands to confront him and is shot dead. Panic breaks out as the killer begins shooting at other people and he drags Patty to the front of the screen. Outside in both movies, the police arrive and surround both theaters. In the old movie, the police break into the theater and Mommy enters with them and tries to reason with John still holding the teen girl hostage in front of the theater screen. In the real world, SWAT teams enter the theater through the roof and cut the movie's sound and tell the killer to let Patty go. The killer refuses saying that he has to wait until his mother comes to get him. He shoots at the screen at John, and thus drops Patty to the floor. The police sharpshooters then open fire, killing the man. When Patty looks at the screen to see Mommy hypnotizing John out of his trance, a policeman opens fire, and accidentally hits Mommy instead and John cradles her. Suddenly, John looks right at Patty and address her directly saying "I want your eyes too!" He throws the scalpel out of the screen and hits Patty right in her left eye. The police break into the theater and all of the terrified patrons flee. They find Patty on the ground screaming hysterically (but with no scalpel in her eye). They get her outside where she is reunited with Linda and they take her to a hospital for evaluation. In the old movie, John is taken into police custody, and will presumably be placed in a mental hospital. The last shot of the old movie shows the chief of police looking upon Mommy's corpse. At the hospital, in the real world, Linda and Patty's parents are with her relieved that Patty is fine and just a little emotionally shaken from her horrific experience. When Patty's parents leave, Linda stays a while longer. A little later, Linda tells Patty that she will return tomorrow. In a nearby elevator, Linda is suddenly grabbed by an unseen orderly and a scalpel is aimed at her throat. The orderly walks into Patty's room with a tray and she sits up in her bed and tries to scream. The orderly is John.... and he wants her eyes! John tells Patty as he begins to examine her eyes, "like the doctor said, it's all in your imagination. I really don't exist." Patty finally manages to scream. During the closing credits, it's revealed that Patty's story was also a movie within a movie. The theatre audience watching this movie leaves the theatre, and the last patron (Jaume Figueras) leaves for the left.
tt0251031
Comedy,Thriller
Lampooning the tendencies of 'reality television' to become ever more shocking, 'Series 7: The Contenders' is a movie of an imagined reality show in which the contestants, tracked by cameramen, must kill to win. Selected at random and seemingly with government approval, the contestants are real people, dropped into a real town, and given weapons with which to wipe each other out. The winner is the last one left alive, and the 'game' is not over until all but one of the contestants are dead. Heavily pregnant Dawn is the current champion, and she is only a few kills awaw from being allowed retire from the show. Pregnancy and the will to get out of the game have made her pragmatic about her modus operandi: kill everybody in her way. Those fighting against her are an elderly gentleman, a female teenage high school student, a cold-hearted middle-aged nurse, and a man recovering from testicular cancer. Dawn's mission is complicated however, by virtue of the fact that cancer-sufferer Jeff is an old flame from high school. Ironically at the start of the contest, Jeff is ready to die, but suicide is against the rules, so he wants Dawn to be the one to bump him off. However, as the game progresses, Jeff's motives change, and this confuses Dawn's situation. The movie builds towards a showdown between the two high-school sweethearts. In this crazy situation, who will be the last one standing? ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The movie opens with Dawn walking into a convenience store, coming up behind a man who's buying something at the counter, jamming a 9mm into his back and killing him. Dawn, who is eight months pregnant, is the reigning champion of The Contenders, a reality show where five people are selected at random by government issued ID numbers to face each other and the reigning champion in a no-holds-barred fight to the finish. Contestants are issued firearms and placed into a selected town for their manhunt. Viewers watch the show in episodes like regular reality TV. The town selected for this battle is the sleepy little town of Newton, CT. Dawn and her cameraman, Pat, arrive by plane and drive into town. Facing off against her are Tony, an unemployed, struggling, but still well-to-do family man; Connie, a middle-aged nurse with a heart of ice but who is deeply religious and opposed to killing; Franklin, an elderly retiree who uses a crutch; Lindsey, a teenage girl who's just graduated high school; and Jeff, a married thirtysomething man who's dying of testicular cancer. All five challenger Contenders are residents of the town. Actions scenes are interspersed with continues "interview promos" with each contestant that are meant to build up drama and storyline for each contestant. Breaks for commercial and end-of-episodes are shown with "coming soon" scenes. Tony is in good physical shape and skilled in boxing. Lindsey's parents and boyfriend have supplied her with a generous cache of weapons and a bulletproof vest. Jeff's wife, Doria, dutifully takes care of him as his condition worsens and frets at what is to come. Dawn calls both Tony and Connie to taunt them. Dawn tells Connie that a bomb is in her apartment. Connie runs out screaming, and Dawn fires at her, but misses, and Connie retreats back into her home. Dawn visits her family, who don't want to see her but she confronts her mother and sister in the garage. Although Dawn tries to maintain composure, the bitter argument she wanted to avoid, slams into her head-on. It's shown that the family threw Dawn out after she became pregnant as a teenager and had an abortion. Finally Dawn steals her sister's SUV-- at gunpoint, no less- but as she's settling into the driver's seat, Dawn's little niece runs to her and hugs her proudly, supporting Dawn as champion contender. Dawn is driven to Tony's house and calls him out to fight her. But, rebelling against all the show stands for, Tony takes his baby daughter hostage and drives off. This being a serious violation of the show's rules, show promoters and police cooperate to track Tony's vehicle as it drives down a highway and disable it. There is a tense standoff between Tony and a SWAT officer before the officer manages to take the baby girl from Tony. Tony runs, but several SWAT officers grab them. In the struggle, Tony deals himself a critical wound to his back with his own knife and is paralyzed. Tony is in the hospital when Connie comes into his room and administers a lethal injection. Tony tries to plead with Connie regarding his being helpless to resist, to no avail. Dawn finds her way to Tony's room to find him already dead. Tony's wife, Michelle, lashes out at Dawn, who pleads for understanding, pointing out her own pregnancy-- Dawn is nearly ready to give birth to her baby. An amusing scene shows Dawn getting a checkup with a local physician, and a nurse aide asks Dawn to sign an autograph. The aide gives a big grin as she's presented with the autograph. LIndsey's parents drive her to Franklin's house and get her psyched up to make the kill. She runs to take Franklin down. She chases him into high brush grass and a shot rings out. Lindsey comes stumbling back to her parents' car, wounded but alive, and without her handgun. Dawn calls Jeff and asks to see him. As she arrives at Jeff's house, Dawn promises Doria that she will not harm Jeff; she's just there to talk. The interview promos, complete with re-created re-enactments, show that Dawn and Jeff are old high school flames who did a Gothic video art project together. They still feel close to one another. Jeff tells Dawn that he'd rather die at her hand than one of the other contenders. Still, he's afraid of being killed, and so he tells Dawn how she can acquire some barbiturates; Jeff has needles that she can use to administer a lethal injection. As Lindsey is convalescing, her parents find her making love to her boyfriend, Nathan. Lindsey's father has a letter for her. It's shown that Franklin and Dawn have received similar letters. An unknown benefactor is offering to take them to safety. The contenders accepting the offer should go to a particular concession stand at a nearby mall and wait. Dawn arrives first, concerned about the message being some sort of trap. Franklin goes there hoping to score a kill against one or more of the other contenders. Lindsey arrives, taking the offer at face value and looking to escape, though she still has a 9mm handgun with her. As Dawn hides out of sight but able to see the concession stand, now closed for the night, Franklin arrives. Franklin spots Lindsey coming up a mall escalator and approaching the stand. He hides behind the stand and waits. Dawn spots the intended ambush and shouts a warning, but it's too late. Franklin clobbers the teenage girl with his crutch and begins to beat her savagely in front of her horrified family and onlookers. Lindsey manages to pull her gun, and fires at Franklin, but the gun's safety jams. Franklin knocks the gun out of Lindsey's hand and beats her to death as people must stand by and watch. Franklin begins to make a hateful speech toward everyone, including those who would be watching on TV, when he's killed by a shot from a high-powered rifle. The shooter is Connie, who sent the letters as a trap, just as Dawn had feared. Dawn chases Connie all the way back to her apartment and corners her in the bathroom, but just as Dawn is ready to shoot Connie, her water breaks and she goes into labor. An amusing scene plays out where Dawn must beg for a truce with Connie, and for Connie's help in delivering the baby, who Dawn protests is an innocent life. Connie reluctantly agrees and calls for an ambulance before administering aid. Complications arise as the baby's feet start to come out first; a breech birth that can lead to severe birth injury or even the baby's death. ER workers on the phone manage to talk Connie through a procedure that keeps the baby unharmed until paramedics arrive to complete the delivery. In the meantime, Jeff and Doria have a tender last night over dinner and drinks, holding each other, as Jeff waits for Dawn to return. The next scenes show Dawn at the hospital with her baby, and Jeff waking up from unconsciousness at the same hospital, Doria watching over him. Promo interviews show that in violation of show rules, Jeff prepared his own suicide with Doria assisting him. However, Jeff's cameraman called paramedics who saved Jeff's life. Jeff becomes angry, knowing Doria let them into the house. They fall into an emotional argument where Doria accuses Jeff of still being in love with Dawn-- and yet, at the same time, a closet bisexual, before walking out on him. Doria gives Jeff his gun back and dares him to kill himself. Connie stealthily walks through the hospital to deliver another lethal injection. It's Jeff's room she goes into, but Jeff is ready for her. They wrestle over Jeff's gun, and a shot rings out. Dawn hears the shot and goes to investigate. Jeff has killed Connie, and he stuns Dawn with the announcement that he feels a new lease on life and doesn't want to die anymore. He manages to rush out of the hospital while Dawn struggles with her feelings over him versus her need to kill him as he's the only other contender left. The scene also implies that Jeff is the father of Dawn's first baby, which she had to abort, which in turn got her thrown out of her family's house. After promo interviews, and end-of-show coming attractions, Dawn and Jeff are seen meeting at a local football field to finish the conflict. If Dawn kills Jeff, she'll be able to retire from the show a free woman and reunited with her baby. If Jeff kills Dawn, he'll become the new reigning champion contender to face off against five challengers next season. The two face each other, guns drawn, and suddenly announce their love for each other. They beat their respective cameramen unconscious and escape together. Viewers help police and shot promoters track the two, now wanted fugitives. Dawn and Jeff stage a desperate gambit, taking the audience of a movie theater hostage. Dawn's demands are simple: return of her baby and safe passage out of the country. Show announcers say that all the remaining footage ended up deleted due to technical error but has been painstakingly re-created and re-enacted through actors. A show announcer arrives at the theater to turn Dawn and Jeff against each other. The crying of Dawn's baby is played through the theater's speakers as the announcer says that Dawn can have her baby if she kills Jeff here and now. Jeff suddenly reverts to wanting Dawn to win and to be with her baby. He chooses to give up his life for the sake of the woman he loves. Jeff closes his eyes, and tears roll down Dawn's eyes as she starts to squeeze the trigger. But it's Dawn who falls dead before the movie screen. Jeff wasn't the one who killed her. Doria is seen at the back of the theater holding a smoking gun. She tells Jeff that she still loves him. Jeff looks coldly back at his wife and says it's too late. He puts his gun to his temple and takes his own life, putting himself beyond the reach of the law. End of season finale promos show Dawn's baby in the care of Dawn's sister, and Doria in prison, facing execution for murder without being a registered Contender. She boldly and bitterly accuses the public of being the true killers. The final promo announcement is that five new challengers will soon be selected to face off... against the new reigning champion Contender. The camera pans in on Jeff in the hospital, his head bandaged. He opens his eyes, understands he's still alive, and disgustedly says, "Shit."
tt0090866
Drama,Horror,Thriller
The film begins with stock footage scenes of warfare in Vietnam. A soldier named Frankie (Ricky Giovinazzo) is seen running alone through the jungle as his voice narrates. He explains that he "goes back there every night" right before he wakes up in bed with his wife in their squalid NYC apartment. The distorted cries of his baby are heard, and his very pregnant wife wakes up to tend to their six-month-old son. They argue over Frankie's unemployment and their son's health. The baby is a mutant. Frankie assumes it was a result of chemical weapons, such as Agent Ornage, used during the war. Frankie then goes out onto the urban jungle of the streets. He passes by a junkie who buys some drugs from the local kingpin, Paco. The junkie desperately searches for a needle to shoot up with. Frankie waits in line outside the unemployment office. But after a while, Frankie's social worker tells him that there is no work for him at the current time. Typical of the movie, unexplained arbitrary things happen, such as the social worker asking another if he's seen his Veg-O-Matic. Frankie's social worker spaces out during their meeting and says, "Life is hot, and because life is hot, I must take off my jacket." He then resumes the meeting, imploring Frankie to go back to school because he has no marketable skills. Frankie claims that he has no money or funds for college and is desperate for work, having been unemployed for four months. Back on the streets, Frankie kills time entertaining a child prostitute. But when he tells the prostitute that he has no money, she tells him to go away. After Frankie leaves, the child prostitute's pimp beats up the teenage girl for not making enough money. Meanwhile, the junkie resorts to dumping the drugs directly onto a wound he opens in his arm with a rusted coat hanger wire and passes out. A random woman comes upon him and steals his gun and ammunition, putting them in her purse. Frankie calls his father from a local payphone to ask for money. His father thinks the call is a prank, because he believes his son died in Saigon 15 years ago. Frankie explains that he was reported killed in action, but he made it out alive and spent three years in a U.S. Army hospital recuperating. Frankie tells his father that his wife is pregnant again and they are being evicted within a few days from their apartment, but his father says that he is also broke and about to die any day from a terminal heart condition. Seemingly broken, Frankie comes across the same woman who stole the junkie's gun and steals her purse, an out of character criminal act for him. She screams for help. Paco and his thugs chase Frankie. When they overcome him, they mercilessly beat him up. The gun falls out of the bag during the pummeling. When Paco goes through the bag, he finds the bullets and realizes there must have been a gun in it. He turns around to see Frankie standing with the revolver. Frankie shoots and kills all three men in a daze. With Frankie beaten to a pulp, his voice-over explains that his father was right: he had died in Saigon. He explains in another flashback to Vietnam that his company had come upon a village where everyone had killed themselves to avoid being raped and murdered by the US soldiers. Frankie went AWOL and spent days wondering aimlessly in the jungle. He realizes that he must similarly 'save' his family, and he returns home. That evening, Frankie returns home where his wife is horrified by his appearance and briefly tends to his wounds. He is catatonic and hallucinates in front of the TV. Eventually, he reloads the gun and prepares to kill himself, but another hallucination reminds him of his purpose for returning home. Frankie walks into the bedroom, tells his pregnant wife that he loves her, and then shoots her in the stomach. As she lies on the ground, he shoots her three more times, yelling at her to die. He shoots the deformed baby and then picks it up from the crib. He cradles it and walks into the kitchen with it. Frankie lays the baby in the oven, and turns it all the way to the cleaning setting. He then pours himself a glass of spoiled milk and drinks it before committing suicide by shooting himself in the head. The final shot shows a Staten Island subway train passing by Frankie's apartment building and speeds off into the night.
tt0311361
Action,Comedy,Horror
Vampires are killing lesbians in the city of Ottawa. Maxine Schreck [Murielle Varhelyi] and Johnny Golgotha [Ian Driscroll], two important members of Father Eustace's parish are missing, and Eustace [Tim Devries] can no longer sit by and watch, so he calls on the help of the greatest vampire hunter of all--Jesus Christ [Phil Caracas]. After a shave, haircut, and some new clothes, Jesus sets out to kick vampire ass, aided by Mary Magnum [Maria Moulton] in her red jumpsuit. Maxine and Johnny, now vampires, are running a vampire ring. They prefer to feed on lesbians (because nobody will miss them), and Dr Pretorius [Josh Grace] grafts lesbian skin to the bodies of vampires, allowing them to walk during the day. When Mary falls prey to the vampires, God sends the masked wrestler, Santo Enmascarado de Plata [Jeff Moffet], to help Jesus. Together, they kick and stake several dozen vampires and get kicked and staked a bit themselves. When Mary, John, and Maxine attempt to quarter Jesus, Santo bites the ropes that bind him. Fr Eustace, also a vampire now, stakes Jesus through the heart. But this serves only to let his heartlight shine on the vampires, reducing them all to dust. Fortunately, Jesus is able to heal Mary Magnum, who requests that he also heal Maxine so that they can be together. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tt0084565
Drama
A sailor learns to take, and give, it like a man in this surrealistic adaptation of writer and thief Jean Genet's novel Querelle de Brest by avant-garde German director Rainer Werner Fassbinder. In a colorful brothel in the port of Brest, proprietor Nono is known for wagering with his customers. Win a throw of the dice, and they get to make love with his wife, Lysiane ; lose, and they must take it from behind by Nono himself. One day, Lysiane reads the tarot for her lover, Robert , and learns in the cards of his intense passion for his brother, Querelle. Querelle himself soon arrives, and the brothers enact a bizarre greeting halfway between a hug and a wrestling match. Querelle, it seems, is looking for partners in a drug deal; Robert points him in the right direction. An argument about the merits of sex between men soon leads Querelle to murder his fellow smuggler, Vic. Back at the whorehouse, Querelle loses on purpose to Nono and finds he has a taste for passive gay sex. Meanwhile, fellow sailor Gil, who looks exactly like Querelle's brother (and is played by the same actor), murders one of his compatriots after the brute publicly impugns his manhood. Wanted by the police for both his own crime and Querelle's, Gil goes on the lam. Querelle soon crashes his hideout, and an intense bond develops between the two murderers -- a friendship that will lead Querelle to the greatest love, and the greatest treachery, of his life. Director Fassbinder was in the process of editing Querelle when he died of a drug overdose in June 1982. Gunther Kaufmann, who plays Nono, was Fassbinder's ex-lover; the film is dedicated to another former lover, El Hedi Ben Salem, the news of whose suicide had just reached the director. Critically derided even by many of Fassbinder's admirers, Querelle earned a Golden Raspberry award for Worst "Original" Song for "Each Man Kills the Thing He Loves," an Oscar Wilde poem set to music by Peer Raben and sung repeatedly by Jeanne Moreau. Moreau had previously starred in Mademoiselle, a Tony Richardson effort co-scripted by Genet. Look for Frank Ripploh, another pioneering German director, in a cameo.
tt0078405
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
A person is driving around Los Angeles at night, and a flashback shows a car wreck, an ambulance, and a little girl lying dead on a gurney. The car stops and a person grabs a toolbox from the trunk and heads to a two-story apartment building. The unseen person walks into an apartment, and the resident, Mrs. Andrews, walks out of the bathroom, letting the man know that she called a couple of day ago. The unseen man attaches a drill bit and heads towards the woman. The woman breaks a bottle and holds the fractured glass against him, but the man grabs her arm and drills into it. She runs to the bathroom and locks the door, but the man drills through the door, gets inside, and punches Mrs. Andrews. He carries her to the main room where he drills her to death while a record plays. He puts the bloody drill back in his toolbox, puts on a ski mask, and leaves the apartment. A little later, Debbie (Marciee Drake) returns to her apartment and changes clothes. She opens a door to get something in the hall closet and the ski-masked killer punches her out and carries her to the stop of the building complex stairs where he beats her to death with a hammer. He takes the body back into the apartment and places it on the floor. Maria (Evlyn Guerrero) another tenant, arrives at the front door to ask about the mess outside. When she gets inside, the killer keeps her from leaving, and stabs Maria to death with a screwdriver. In another apartment, the ski-masked killer sees a woman with a man, and avoids the room. An elderly woman sees blood at the top of the stairs and calls out to a man, and they both knock on Debbie's front door. The man opens the door and sees the two dead women. A little later, the police are on the scene and they speak with Van Kingsley (Cameron Mitchell), the owner of the building. They ask for a list of tenants, and he tells them that he screens all of the applicants. The next morning, teenager Laura (Pamelyn Ferdin) talks with her brother Joey (Nicholas Beauvy) and leaves for school with one of her friends. That night another one of the tenants, Dee Ann (Marianne Walter) is getting ready to take a bath and the humming ski-masked killer is outside with his tool box. He cuts the chain lock on the front door and walks into the bathroom where he sees the woman in the tub. Dee Ann sees the killer and jumps out of the tub and throws a towel at him. He shoots a nail gun at her but misses. He reloads and misses again. In the main room, Dee Ann tries to persuade the killer to put the nail gun down, but after a quick flash of the girl and the accident, the killer shoots and hits Dee Ann in her stomach. She leads against a wall and he fires the nail gun into her head. In Laurie's apartment, she is on the phone with her boyfriend when the killer walks in just as she is hanging up. He grabs her from behind and she struggles until she passes out. A little while later, Joey returns to an empty apartment and he gets a drink for his alcoholic mother when she comes home. They hear screams and run outside where the tenants have crowded around Dee Ann's apartment. The police led by Detective Jamison (Tim Donnelly) arrive where they talk to Joey and ask him where he was the last few nights. Joey, anxious to find his sister, heads to Mrs. Andrews' place where he sees Kent (Wesley Eure) who is there to clean up the bloody mess. The two discuss that wreck which resulted in the death of Kent's cousin Cathy. Joey says that he wants to know here Laurie is, and the two head over to Dee Ann's apartment. After looking around, Kent sees a bloody nail in the wall, and he surmises that the killer used a nail gun to kill Dee Ann. The two boys leave. Joanne (Aneta Corsaut), Laurie and Jody's mother, heads to her place of employment, a local bar, because she does not want to be home to think about the kidnapped Laurie. Joey and Kent drive to his uncle's house for cleaning equipment. In the garage, the see Vance who simply hands Kent some money and shuts the back door. The boys get some supplies and leave. Vance watches them leave and goes to the bedroom, where Laurie is bound and gagged on the bed. He brushes her hair and talks to her about his daughter Cathy and the evil world. He says that he killed all those women at the apartment building because they were evil. Laurie calls him 'Daddy' and asks to untie her. Vance says that he cannot lose her again and he leaves Laurie to cry alone. Meanwhile, Jamison goes to the bar to talk to Joanne about Laurie's disappearance, but does not seem to get any useful information from her. Kent goes to his uncle's place and sees Laurie there in bed and gently raps on the window. The next day, Joey goes to Mrs. Andrews' apartment, where Kent is cleaning the place. Jamison is looking out the window with binoculars. Jamison tells Joey that the killer forced his way into one apartment, but may have conned his way into the others. Joey asks if the killer had to con his way at all, and Kent quickly eyes the two. Joey leaves, gets his mother's car keys, and heads over to Vance's place. Inside the garage, he finds the toolbox and a bloody drill bit. Kent enters and tells Joey that he is crazy for believing that his uncle is a killer. Kent says that if there is anyone who can believe Joey's claims, the would be in so much trouble with his uncle. Kent throws some gasoline on Joey and tells him that he must protect his family. He lights some matches and throws one on Joey who burns to death. Kent walks into the bedroom where Vance is with Laurie, and he tells his uncle that he is sick and insane for keeping Laurie there and killing the other women at the apartment complex. Kent further agitates his uncle by saying that he and Cathy had sex on several occasions. Vance angrily chases Kent out of the bedroom and into the kitchen where Kent arms himself with a knife. Vance grabs the knife and the doll that he is holding loses its head. The deranged Vance screams: "you killed my Cathy!" Vance lunghes at Kent and onto the knife and falls to the floor. Kent picks up the doll, puts its head back on and cleans the blood off while Vance lies still where he fell. Kent returns to the bedroom and cuts Laurie's restraints with scissors. Laurie is overjoyed and thanks Kent and persuades him to call the police. Kent tries to kiss Laurie, but she turns away. Kent suddenly slaps her and climbs on top of her ignoring her screams as he presumably rapes her. A little while later at nightfall, Kent and Laurie are lying side by side in bed and Kent is talking about the possibly of marriage. Laurie asks about her brother and Kent avoids the question by saying that they will be together. Laurie apparently figures out that Kent may have killed Joey. Laurie turns and eyes the pair of scissors on the night stand next to her and grabs them. In the final shot, a benumbed Laurie, still holding the scissors and with blood splattered all over her white dress, slowly walks through a deserted parking lot of a local shopping center as she heads for home as dawn starts to break in the distance.
tt0104053
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
On a dark and rainy night, a chiropractor opens a door to let an unseen patient into her office. When the chiropractor tells the unseen person that "you look familiar", the person knocks out the female chiropractor, takes out a machine-operated wire device and decapitates the woman. Several days later, David Parson is driving around Minneapolis and over a local bridge when he sees a gaunt, dark-haired teenager standing on the edge of the bridge, preparing to jump. David stops his pickup truck and helps the seemingly dazed girl back into the street where they get back into his truck and dive away. They drive to a local restaurant where the girl, speaking with a thick European accent, identifies herself as Aura Petrescu from Romania. She refuses to eat, and David suspects that she has a drug problem when he sees needle marks on her arms, and he shows her his that he too was a junkie. After eating a little bit of bread, Aura leaves for the ladies room where she vomits. After sneaking out a back window, she is grabbed by two men who take her away in a car to the home of her parents. Back inside the restaurant, David realizes that Aura has just stolen his wallet. The two men drop off Aura with her weird mother Adriana, while Aura's father, Stefan, locks her in a bedroom. That evening, many business-like people arrive at the house for a séance conducted by Adriana. While trying to summon a soul, Adriana is possessed and mentions a monster with a noose and threatens everyone with more murders to come. Adriana eventually becomes more violent and runs out of the room, followed by her husband. Aura goes after her parents, only to stumble upon a headless body and looks up to see a black-clad killer holding up the severed heads of her mother and father in the pouring rain. After making a phone call, Dr. Judd arrives where he asks Aura about what she saw. Soon, the police, led by Captain Travis, arrive to investigate the killings and question Aura about exactly what she saw. Aura gets away from the police and tracks down David, by using his ID from his stolen wallet, where she tells him about her parents murder and needs a place to stay. Meanwhile, Gabriel, a young boy, apparently lives next door to the killer when he sees an unseen person leave a decapitated head sitting by the window to stare at the boy all night. Later that same night, David awakens to find food laying all over his house and Aura vomiting in the bathroom. The following morning, David, who works as a storyboard sketch artist at a local TV station, arrives for work where he confides in his friend, Arnie, about Aura's problem. Arnie infers that Aura may have anorexia nervosa. The following night, Aura sees David and his reporter girlfriend, Grace, having sex in his bedroom. Disturbed by the sight, Aura runs out of the house, and David is forced to run after her where he's forced to tell Grace about Aura and her problems. The next day, Arnie and David watch a collection of news stories on the recent murders and realized that they all occurred when it was raining. David receives a phone call from Aura who has been taken away. He learns from an apparent covetous Grace that she told Dr. Judd of Aura's whereabouts. David angrily breaks up with Grace and tells her that Aura witnessed the murder of her parents and that the killer may come after her. Meanwhile, Dr. Judd tries to help Aura remember what she may have seen the night her parents were murdered, but he is unsuccessful at extracting any more details. As night falls, David visits the Faraday Clinic where he sneaks in and attempts to find Aura. But the unseen killer has followed him there and forces his way in as well and decapitates one of the clinics doctors. David helps Aura escape and they hide out at his house. Aura reveals that she had stolen a set of keys form the murdered doctor and a key chain as the word 'Marigold' inscribed on it. The next day, David and Aura follow the source of the keys which leads to a local storage locker where they manage to find a photograph of several doctors before the police arrive to confiscate the stuff in the locker which they add up to another murder victim of the so-called Head Hunter. Meanwhile, one of the doctors, named Linda Quick, is telling her girlfriend about the recent murders and that she and the doctors were involved several years ago in an accident involving electro convulsive therapy and something awful. David phones her to ask about the murdered doctors, and Linda immediately hangs up. David and Aura go to visit Linda, but the frightened Linda speeds away in her car. David and Aura drive around looking for her when they finally see the car parked in a motel parking lot. Linda's girlfriend, still at the house, receives a call from Linda and writes down Linda's hotel room number. But the killer arrives and kills Linda's girlfriend and sees from the notepad where Linda is. While David and Aura stake out the motel, the killer arrives, triggers the building sprinkler system (for the rain effect), breaks into Linda's room and beheads her too. David arrives too late to find Linda's decapitated body, but the killer has fled before taking Linda's head with him. The severed head of Linda manages to whisper to David the name "Lloyd" before expiring. David sees and takes a medical bag of Linda's displaying the name St. Bartholomew Hospital. David goes to the hospital, but learns that Dr. Lloyd no longer works here. David finds Dr. Lloyd living on the streets as a junkie drug dealer. Lloyd becomes frightened when David tells him about the recent murders, and refuses to talk with him. David gives Lloyd his phone number and tells him to call if he needs him. Before long, the killer finds Lloyd by tailing him back to a derelict warehouse where Lloyd resides. The killer attacks Lloyd in the same way as with the previous victims by hitting him in the back of the neck with a hammer, and attempts to decapitate Lloyd with the wire device, but the wire snaps. So, the killer is forced to drag Lloyd's still-living, but imobilized body to an elevator shaft and allows a decending elevator car to decapitate Lloyd. Lloyd's severed head falls down the elevator shaft. A little later, the police arrive to investigate the crime scene and discover David's phone number on a note. That night, Dr. Judd arrives at David's house where he tries to persuade Aura to leave with him. David wakes up and a struggle ensures, but Judd runs when the cops arrive to arrest David in connection to Lloyd's murder. Judd speeds away and the police give chase, but his car runs off the road and into a tree. The car truck pops open and inside are all the missing severed heads. Before dying from his injuries, Dr. Judd whispers to a policeman, "I loved her". David is released and runs back to his house to find Aura gone and note declaring "I've gone to join my mother." David finds her nightgown by the lake next to his house and is very distraught thinking that Aura has just drowned herself. With the death of Dr. Judd and the discovery of the severed heads, the Headhunter Murders are considered solved, but David goes into a decline over his loss of Aura. Over the next few days, David resumes his own drug use. Disheartened, he becomes addicted more to prescription drugs. He attempts to feign a prescription, but gets found out and is punched by a pharmacist when he refuses to return the pills. While sitting down on a sidewalk, David sees a person walk by who he believes is wearing Aura's bracelet. David follows the unseen person to a house which is the killer's. Gabriel, standing outside, tells David that he saw someone in a black coat go into the house. David knocks on the front door and says to the unseen person who answers: "Sorry, I thought you were someone else". Believing that he has seen Aura reflected in a rain barrel, David crawls though an open window on the side of the house. He enters a child's room with the name of "Nicholas" written everywhere where he finds a decomposed baby with its severed head in a crib. David is knocked out. He awakens in the basement chained up to a wall with Aura by his side. David soon learns that Aura's mother is still alive. Adriana arrives where she tells David that many years ago, while she was giving birth to her son, her newborn infant was accidentally decapitated by Dr. Lloyd who froze during a blackout in the delivery room during a sudden rainstorm. In an effort to make Adriana forget the horrible accident, and to cover it up, Dr. Lloyd and all the other nurses subjected Adriana to excessive electro-shock therapy. But the process only made Adriana insane and filled with her a resolve to kill all those doctors in the same way her baby was killed. David uses his chains to restrain the gated cage door, and Adriana forces it open with a fireplace poker, in which a support pillar tears open part of the ceiling. Standing above them is Gabriel, who jumps down and uses Adriana's portable wire saw to decapitate Adriana.
tt0074593
Adventure,Horror,Thriller
The film opens with helicopter pilot and guide Don Stober (Andrew Prine) flying individuals above the trees of a vast National Park. He states that the woods are untouched and remain much as they did during the time when the Native American lived there. Two female hikers are breaking camp when one of them is attacked and killed by a bear. The second woman finds apparent safety within a nearby cabin until the bear tears down a wall to reach her. The National Park's Chief Ranger Michael Kelly (Christopher George) and photographer Allison Corwin (Joan McCall), daughter of the park's restaurant owner, decide to follow a Ranger to the primitive campsite to find the two female hikers. They discover the woman's mangled body inside the destroyed cabin. Allison stumbles across the remains of the first woman while photographing the search. At the hospital, a doctor tells Kelly that the women were killed by a bear. The Park Supervisor Charley Kittridge (Joe Dorsey) blames Kelly, saying the bears were supposed to have been moved from the park by he and Naturalist Arthur Scott (Richard Jaeckel) before the tourist season began. Kelly and Kittridge argue over closing the park, and decide to move all hikers off the park's mountain while allowing campers to remain in the lowlands. Kelly calls Scott, who says all bears are accounted for and this specific bear must be unknown to the forest. While searching the mountain, a female Ranger decides to go swimming near a waterfall where she is attacked and killed by the bear. Kelly recruits the helicopter pilot Stober to assist in the search. Flying above the forest, they see what they believe to be an animal, only to discover the Naturalist Scott adorned in an animal skin while tracking the bear. He informs them the animal they are looking for is a prehistoric grizzly bear and at least 15 feet tall. Kelly and Stober scoff at the notion. At the busy lowland campground, the grizzly tears down a tent and kills a woman. Kelly once again insists on closing the park, but Kittridge refuses. The attacks are becoming a national news story and to counteract this, Kittridge allows amateur hunters into the forest. Kelly, Stober and Scott, now a team, are disgusted by this development. Later, a lone hunter is chased by the bear but he evades the animal on foot, falling into a river and floating to safety. A Ranger at a fire lookout tower on the mountain is attacked by the grizzly, the animal tearing down the structure and killing the Ranger. Kelly and Kittridge continue to argue over closing the park. Frustrated by the politics of the situation, Scott sneaks away to track the grizzly on his own. On the outskirts of the National Park, a mother and child living in a cabin are attacked by the grizzly. The mother is killed and the child survives, but is severely mutilated. Stunned by this development, Kittridge finally allows Kelly to close the park and ban all hunters. Stober and Kelly now go after the elusive grizzly alone, setting up a trap by hanging a deer carcass from a tree. The grizzly goes for the bait and the men chase the animal through the woods. When they return, they discover the grizzly has tricked them and taken the deer carcass. Tracking on horseback, Scott finds the remains of the carcass and calls Stober and Kelly on the radio. He is going to drag the deer behind his horse and create a trap by leading the grizzly towards them. The grizzly surprises Scott, killing his horse and knocking him unconscious. Scott awakens to find himself alive, but half-buried in the ground. The grizzly immediately returns and kills him. Kelly and Stober discover Scott's body and in despair, decide to return to the helicopter to find the grizzly from the air. They immediately spot the bear in a clearing and quickly land. The grizzly attacks the helicopter, swiping the craft causing Stober to be thrown clear. The grizzly kills Stober and then turns on Kelly, who frantically pulls a bazooka from the helicopter. Before the bear can reach him, Kelly fires the bazooka at the grizzly, killing the animal instantly. For several seconds, Kelly sadly stares at the burning remains of the grizzly and then walks towards Stober's body.
tt0077904
Horror,Sci-Fi
At a San Francisco, California, hospital, Dr. Bob McEvoy and tumor specialist Dr. Jack Hughes discuss an inexplicable, fast-growing swelling on the neck of McEvoy's patient, Karen Tandy. The doctors schedule surgery to remove it but agree to keep quiet about the lump until they can explain it, since the tumor seems to have the characteristics of a growing human fetus. Meanwhile, fake psychic Harry Erskine gets a call from Karen, his ex-girlfriend, who asks to see him. When they meet, Karen tells Harry about the upcoming surgery for the growth on her neck and confides her belief that it is not just a tumor. At Harry's home, he reads her tarot cards and the Death card keeps appearing. Harry and Karen make love and later, in the middle of the night, he hears her repeating a phrase in a foreign language in her sleep. The next morning, Harry asks Karen what she was saying but she does not know. Later, in the operating room, as Hughes prepares to make his first incision, Susan's eyes open and she chants in a foreign language. A supernatural force compels the surgeon to cut his own wrist rather than the growth on Susan's neck. Meanwhile, Harry ushers his next client, Mrs. Herz, into his apartment. The woman suddenly has a seizure and utters the same foreign words Karen said in her sleep. In a trance, she levitates out of the apartment and throws herself down the stairs. Later that day, Harry tells Hughes about his client's strange behavior. He is worried that Karen's life is in danger, but Hughes insists the mysterious words have no bearing on her medical condition. The surgeon admits he could not complete the surgery because Karen's vital signs plummeted. He then explains that the swelling on her neck resembles a human fetus more than a tumor. Harry suspects something is trying to control Susan and is transmitting signals that are causing her condition. Harry visits his mentor, Amelia Crusoe, at the occult shop she co-owns with her husband, "Mac" MacArthur. When Harry describes Karen's condition, Amelia suggests they hold a seance. At the conclusion of the ritual, during which a ghostly head appears on the table, Amelia suggests they are dealing with an evil spirit that had knowledge of black magic when it was alive. Based on the figure they saw, Harry surmises it is the spirit of a Native American medicine man. Back at the occult shop, Harry, Amelia and Mac conduct research and learn there is a belief among Indians that a powerful medicine man's immortal spirit, or Manitou, can be reborn by impregnating itself in a human host. When the three realize that Karen is about to give birth to such a being, they drive to Sausalito, California to consult an expert in Native American mythology, professor of anthropology Dr. Ernest Snow. Although Snow confirms the existence of reincarnated Manitou legends, he discounts the tales as folklore. Harry insists the myths must be real because Karen's life is in danger. When Harry asks the professor if he recognizes Karen's trance-like phrase, Snow identifies it as the language of a Northern California tribe that has been extinct for 400 years. Snow thinks the phrase means, "my death foretells my return." The professor suggests that Harry travel to an Indian reservation in South Dakota to recruit a medicine man. Harry takes this news to Hughes, who alerts Harry that Karen is undergoing surgery at that moment. Since the scalpel failed before, the surgical team is trying to excise the growth with an optical laser. Just then, Hughes gets an urgent phone call and rushes down to the operating room with Harry where they learn that the laser whipped around on its own as the technicians attempted to make the first incision. Hughes and Harry see the laser incinerating objects in the operating room. The laser stops when Harry shuts off the power. Harry and Hughes cautiously enter the room and approach Karen. Speaking for the spirit growing on her, Karen intones that they must not touch him; the light has hurt him and he will kill them all. She screams and writhes until the hospital staff sedates her. Hughes conjectures that the spirit of the medicine man is afraid of the laser and X-rays. Later, Harry drives to a South Dakota Indian reservation and locates a medicine man named John Singing Rock. John informs Harry that the Manitou in question is gaining the strength of a Christ-like spirit called Gitche Manitou, the most powerful figure in the Indian belief system. Humans cannot defeat the Manitou, they can only send it back to the place from which it came. To banish the spirit without killing Karen, they will need to invoke the power of other spirits, such as the mountains or the wind. John agrees to help Harry for a $100,000 donation to the Indian Educational Foundation. In Karen's hospital room, John draws a circle on the floor around Karen's bed and cautions Harry and Hughes not to break or smudge the circle, since it is the only barrier that might contain the Manitou. As John begins his ritual, Karen awakens and speaks in the spirit's voice, which calls itself Misquamacus and declares that it is stronger than John's magic. Misquamacus warns John that if he helps the white men he will die. John explains that Misquamacus, the strongest medicine man of all, wants revenge. That night, Harry and John observe Misquamacus emerge from Karen's back, then drop to the floor. The re-born Indian shaman has been hideously deformed by X-ray radiation it was exposed to as a growing fetus. As Misquamacus tries to break the circle, John calls on other spirits. Hughes wants to call the police, but John warns that Misquamacus can control the Manitous of man-made objects; if the police come, Misquamacus will turn the guns on the police just as the spirit turned the scalpel on Hughes. Later, Misquamacus breaks the circle and summons a lizard demon that bites Hughes on the hand. Harry takes Hughes to another floor for medical attention, then returns to Karen's room where he discovers that Misquamacus has disappeared with Karen. John suspects the Manitou is opening a portal for a greater demon to enter the human world. Misquamacus reappears and tries to kill Harry and John, but Harry throws a typewriter at the spirit. Misquamacus destroys it, but John and Harry escape. John has beseeched every Manitou for help but none have been able to stop Misquamacus. Harry tells John it is time to call on Gitche Manitou. Just then, an earthquake erupts. When it settles, John explains that Misquamacus has summoned the Great Old One, an evil spirit akin to Satan, to help defeat the humans. Looking at the computer equipment, Harry suggests that John direct the energy of the hospital's machines' Manitous at Misquamacus. As John and Harry return to Karen's room, John warns that the Great Old One is a master of illusion. Karen seems to float in outer space. John calls on the Manitous of the machines to send Misquamacus away and the building's machines whirr to life, but since they were created by white men, they don't respond to John. However, Harry's love for Karen causes the Manitous to focus their power through her. Karen rises from the bed and emits bolts of energy from her fingertips that blast through Misquamacus. In retaliation, the Great Old One sends fireballs toward the humans, but with the aid of the machines, Karen destroys the demon. Once the room returns to normal, Harry and Karen embrace. The next day, John reminds Harry that Misquamacus's body is dead, but the spirit lives on.
tt0095684
Comedy,Horror,Romance
High schooler Jeremy Capella [Robert Sean Leonard] makes a delivery to the Gardner Mansion and comes away vampire. He thinks the guys chasing him in the white van are from the husband of the lady he bedded at the mansion. When the mansion is burnt down, Jeremy thinks the other guy following him is a detective. When the detective shows up in Jeremy's bedroom one night, Jeremy learns he is Modoc [Rene Auberjonois], a vampire. Modoc informs Jeremy that the strange things that have been happening to him the last few days are due to his changing into a vampire. Modoc also tells him that the guys in the white van are vampire hunters and they want to kill him. Actually they want Jeremy's friend Ralph [Evan Mirand] because they think Ralph is the vampire. They almost succeed, but Jeremy saves Ralph from the stake, Modoc's friends make an ally of Professor Leopold McCarthy [David Warner], and Jeremy gets a girlfriend, Darla Blake [Cheryl Pollack].
tt0070030
Action,Adventure,Drama
Driven to desperation by the economic depression of 1930s America, a subculture of hobos hopped freight trains to get from place to place in search of jobs, handouts, or even to take it easy sometimes. Emperor of the North Pole depicts a microcosm of this subculture set in Oregon, and actually used the Oregon, Pacific & Eastern railroad which was taken up in 1994 like so much other trackage around the country. Thus, this motion picture serves as not only a look into an important aspect of American history, but into a specific piece of it in the Pacific Northwest. The film opens with the mechanical star, 2-8-2 steam locomotive #19, stopping to take on water while a hobo who calls himself "A-#1" looks on in anticipation of hopping this local train. Meanwhile, the conductor, "Shack", makes his presence known to the other hobos hiding in the weeds with a menacing countenance. As they pull back onto the mainline, Shack spies an ambitious hobo hopping between cars and quickly makes him pay his fare by knocking him down between the rails to his death. This sets the tone for the movie. The single-minded, almost hateful Shack bound and determined to prevent anyone from riding his train versus the veteran hobo A-#1 bound and determined to ride the 19 train. Each has his reputation at stake. A-#1 manages to hop aboard and hide in a cattle car undetected, but a greenhorn punk who calls himself "Cigaret" gives him away as he, too, climbs into the same car. Shack sees the kid closing the hatch and locks them in, leading to an unexpected turn of events. A-#1 sets fire to the hay in the car in order to burn his way through the wooden slats. He succeeds and hurls himself off the car to make his getaway as the train pulls into the yard with smoke billowing up. The kid, Cigaret, follows him with glee, but his celebration is short-lived as the yard workers haul him into the shop for a good grilling. The kid spins a yarn as if he were the veteran hobo whose plans were bolloxed up by A-#1, but the yard workers believe him and set up a sure-thing bet designed to net some easy money from Shack's brakeman, Cracker. Right at payoff time, Shack stops their little game and learns that somebody is fixin to ride his train. Spurred into defending his reputation in this micro-society, A-#1 makes it known in the hobo community that he intends to ride the 19 to Portland, a feat which is unbelievable to all. They all declare, "Nobody rides Shack's train!" On heightened alert now, Shack blasts his train out of the yard at high speed (highballing) to prevent anyone from hopping on and runs the train into the first trap set for him by A-#1: a switch thrown reverse into a short spur track. Since the railroad operated on train orders which depended on trains leaving and arriving at agreed-upon times, this put the 19 into jeopardy of not making it to the siding (the "Junction") before the Fast Mail train came blasting the opposite direction. Once they backed the train onto the mainline and got underway, A-#1 uncouples the cars from the tender, introducing yet another delay. Shack's frustration and genuine concern for the destruction and loss of life that would occur should the 19 not make it to the siding in time are evident as he pleads with the "bo" to stop interfering. Underneath it all we know that Shack is also vengeful, and he shall have his day shortly. As the Fast Mail train bears down on the switch, the 19 just barely makes it into the siding and clears the mainline with inches to spare, a fact not lost on the brakeman who would have become quite flattened otherwise. A-#1 is suitably impressed that the Fast Mail train was not a "ghost story" as he had thought. Unable to shake the pesky Cigaret, A-#1 reluctantly takes him under his wing to show him how to be a "meat eater" and make his way in life despite its hardships and the corruption of authority figures. We see a number of tricks of the hobo trade and hear a lot of the slang used by hobos, another slice of history capsulized. A few scenes bring a chuckle or two. *** SPOILER ALERT *** Ultimately, Shack meets A-#1 in a bloody, gruesome fight with chains, 2x4 boards, and even an axe. We can see the determination and agony of each of them as they intentionally draw out the brawl. While Cigaret looks on, Shack gets his comeuppance as A-#1 shoves him off the train. Yet, we hear Shack shouting "You aint seen the last of me!" The cocky punk Cigaret boasts about "their" accomplishments, which drives A-#1 to decide that enough is enough, so the kid gets the heave-ho into the river, too. A-#1 dishes out a lengthy sermon to him as the train rounds the bend and into history.
tt0070332
Action,Crime,Drama
This isn't perfect - I'm doing this from memory. But 'til now, there was no synopsis at all. The movie revolves around a minor feud between the Feather and Gutshall families. They dispute ownership of a small plot of land. As a prank and to provoke the Feathers, two of the Gustshall brothers forge a romantic postcard to themselves, from a fictitious girl named "Lolly Madonna." The postcard ends "Lolly Madonna XXX" (XXX meaning kisses). The Feathers find the postcard and decide to kidnap the girl to provoke the Gutshalls. They find a pretty girl, a stranger to the mountain, at a bus stop. The Feather brothers presume she's "Lolly." The girl says her real name is Roonie Gill, but the Feathers don't believe her and kidnap her anyway. Pap (Robert Ryan) decides to save Roonie ("Lolly"), even though he doesn't know her. The two families have minor skirmishes, but each one escalates. The Feathers steal a pig from the Gutshalls, partly as a prank. Sister E Gutshall comes to get the pig back, and seems also to want to visit with Hawk feather, on whom she has a crush. She watches as Hawk, a hopeful country singer, singing and performs as he fantasizes he's on stage. Sister E taunts Hawk, who chases her. He catches her and they start to make out. (I think) Skylar wants to join in, but Sister E resists. Both brothers end up raping Sister E. She goes home to her mom and dad crying. This further enrages the parents against the Feather family. Two Feather sons and their father, Laban, stake the stolen pig out where Pap Gutshall can see it. They threaten to shoot it if Laban doesn't give them title to some disputed land between them. The argument escalates and the Feathers set fire to the grass around the pig. Roonie attempts to rescue the pig, but can't. Pap shoots the pig to put it out of its misery in the fire. Fuming for revenge, Pap has Ludie, his overactive son, and Villum his Vietnam-vet son start an attack on the Feather house. Inside the Feather house, it appears there's a dark secret which has torn the family apart. Laban hates his son Thrush, who goads Laban into beating him up. Through flashbacks during the beating, we see that the two families were once close friends, bonded through the marriage of Zack (Jeff Bridges) and the daughter of Pap. Thrush was good with horses and trained the horse Pap's daughter loved. I found it odd that Zack was the only non-bird named son in the Feather family. Even the mom is named "Chickie." In the flashback, we see there was once love and happiness in the family. It all ended with a tragic accident, in which Zack's wife, who is also Pap Gutshall's daughter, fell off a horse and was killed. Laban kills all the horses including the "guilty" one, and forever blames Thrush, who trained them all. We see at the end of the flashback that Laban has beaten Thrush to death. Meanwhile, Pap's son Zeb (Gary Busey) has come to make peace and is held hostage instead. It's apparent that Laban is losing his mind and the violence will escalate even further out of control. Skylar Feather decides this is all too much. The only way to live is to escape. He offers to take Roonie away to safety, but sees she and Zack are obviously in love. He leaves on his own. Ludie and Villum see the truck. Villum uses his sniper rifle to kill Skylar just as he drives off the property. Ludie and Villum set up a siege of the Feather house. There is gunfire between them and those inside. Hawk is fatally injured. He makes a last stand on the porch, wearing his on-stage jacket. Hawk is hoping to go out in style and perhaps end the battle. Villum shoots Hawk again. As he dies he has one final on-stage fantasy. Laban finally retreats into total insanity. Zack banishes him to his room, where he prepares sandwiches of ketchup and mayonnaise. In revenge for the killing of Hawk, Chickie Feather shoots and kills the hostage Zeb. Now, they have no cards to play and have to battle it out to the end. Ludie attacks the Feather house with egg "grenades" and Zack shoots him. Villum makes an angry charge and is also shot to death. Pap sadly walks back to his home, childless. His wife retreats to her room. It's obvious she is disgusted with this "war" and has no more respect or love for Pap. I believe Finch, the retarded Feather son, is still alive at the end. Chickie is left with him and the insane Laban. It appears that Zack and Roonie will leave the battle-scarred mountain and start a better life together somewhere else. That's the best I remember how it ends. Like Vietnam, there were no winners, except maybe those who ran off (to Canada, in the US case). Hope this has been helpful. It should be close to accurate. Feel free to improve upon it. My memory isn't what it used to be! YouTube has a behind the scenes video of this movie: (add " /watch?v=JabMYjwYO7c " to the their URL) Sister E. Gutshall (I have no idea what the E stands for) is still alive at the end, but she is shown taking off suitcase in hand too. Also, it wasn't Hawk she was in love with. It was Skylar. It was really a good movie, but the ending was so sad.
tt0068505
Horror
NOTE: Sequel to "Scars of Dracula" (1970). Hyde Park, London, 1872: A coach is seen on a road in the woods of Hyde Park. It is the 'final' confrontation of Professor Lawrence Van Helsing [Peter Cushing] and his arch enemy, the demon vampire Dracula [Christopher Lee], struggling on top while the frightened horses pull the driverless vehicle at high speed. The band around a leather strap securing the horses gives out, causing them to separate from the vehicle, and as Dracula hurls Van Helsing from the coach it crashes into a tree. A stranger (Christopher Neame) on horseback some distance away is catching up to the coach. An injured Van Helsing struggles to his feet. Dracula has been impaled on the exposed spoke of a wheel, but when their eyes meet he still lunges forward to continue the fight. Van Helsing pins Dracula to the ground until the makeshift stake destroys him and he turns to dust. Having completed his task, Van Helsing dies as the stranger arrives, approaches the pile of dust and gathers some in a vial, placing Draculas ring on his own finger. At the funeral for Van Helsing in the graveyard of St. Bartolph's Church, he digs a hole near the gravesite into which he pours some of the dust and uses the wheel spoke to seal it in. The time shifts to early on a Friday night in September 1972, a century later. Teenagers have crashed a party. Jessica Van Helsing (Stephanie Beacham) dances with her boyfriend Bob Tarrant (Philip Miller), while their friends Johnny Alucard (Christopher Neame), Laura Bellows (Caroline Munro), Joe Mitchum (William Ellis), Greg Puller (Michael Kitchen), Anna Bryant (Janet Key) and Gaynor Keating (Marsha Hunt) also enjoy the music of the band (Stoneground) they came to hear. Another teen is painting a group scene on a mirror, and two others make out beneath the buffet table as the homeowners, Charles (Michael Daly)--who is the honoree--and their staid guests look on. Charles tells his mother (Lally Bowers) that he invited only the band to his party and does not know anybody else there. Joe is mildly rude to her, she urges Charles to take action, and he calls the police. The group make bets as to how long it will take the police to arrive, planning to be gone one minute before then. Johnnythe descendent of the stranger from the pastguesses eight minutes because of heavy traffic, but Joe is sure they will arrive in four minutes. The sirens come at four and a half minutes, and the teens file out. Johnny picks up a prized figurine and teases the mother by passing it hand to hand before breaking it and making his exit. The teens under the table are the only ones discovered by the cops. The group gathers at the Cavern coffee bar, where Johnny suggests they try a black mass. He has the perfect location, as St. Bartolph's Church nearby is condemned, and that evening is an insignificant date on the satanic calendar. Jessica is leery, but the others encourage her to join them. At his apartment later, Johnny looks at his inherited ring and vial with the remaining vampire dust inside. Bob uses a carwash before he drives Jessica home, assuring her that they will probably wind up partying instead of trying to raise up Beelzebub. He asks if her grandfather, as an authority on demonology, could help, but she says he is an anthropologist and dismisses the notion. He kisses her and says he will pick her up for the midnight gathering. She enters the house and finds the housekeeper Mrs. Donnelly (Constance Luttrell) is away. She goes to the home library, pulls a book about black masses and sits to read it until her grandfather Lorrimer Van Helsing (Peter Cushing) appears. He asks why she is casually reading a serious scientific work. She dismisses the concept of black magic. He asks if she wants to go out to dinner with him, but she wants to go with her group instead, and she candidly assures him before she leaves that she is only indulging in being with people her own age and has dabbled in beer, but is not into drugs or sex. Putting the book away, Lorrimer looks at an image of Dracula displayed on the wall. Late that evening, Bob pulls up at the fenced-in church and finds a loosened plank for them to enter the churchyard. He comes upon the grave of Lawrence Van Helsing. He thinks somebody has played a prank, but Jessica says it is indeed the grave of her great grandfather. Its inscription "Requiescat in Pace Ultima" (rest in final peace) puzzles her. She also sees that the date is exactly one hundred years to the day after his death. Joe then jumps from behind a headstone in a mask and scares Jessica. Bob is furious, but Jessica assures him she is not deterred. They enter the church to find the group decked out in shrouds Johnny has provided, and Jessica and Bob join them. Joe activates a reel tape recorder which plays a soundtrack of eerie noises and drums, while they all sit at the edges of a satanic circle on the floor and sway to the music (and to any drugs they have taken) as the aura around them takes hold. Johnny encourages them from the altar, reciting summonses to satanic entities as the tape plays out of its reel but the noises continue. Johnny mentions Dracula, and the ground around the spoke in the graveyard moves. He then calls Jessica to help him perform a baptism of blood ceremony, but she refuses. Laura excitedly volunteers. Johnny carries her to the altar and sets a chalice on her chest, pours the remaining ashes from the vial into it and slices his wrist, adding his own blood to reconstitute it. The concoction liquefies, swells and overflows the chalice. Laura screams and jumps off the altar covered in blood, but then finds she is unable to move from the circle. The others flee. Jessica wants to help Laura, but Bob pulls her to the car and they leave. Johnny proceeds to the graveyard and withdraws the spoke, a heavy mist pours out and swirls into a pillar to reshape into the revived Dracula. Johnny says he summoned Dracula, who replies it was his will as he raises his hand to show his reclaimed ring. He enters the church and bites Laura, draining her blood and claiming her as his first victim. As Bob drops Jessica at home, he rejects what they saw, saying they will all surely meet at the Cavern as usual. The group, minus Laura and Johnny, convene at the coffee bar, saying that the event could not have been real. Johnny arrives with the clothes they left behind and tells them he took Laura to the train to see her parents in Ramsgate. Gaynor says they live in Watford, but Johnny insists he is right. He uses a fake blood capsule in a water carafe to show that the ceremony was, in his words, hokum, and says Laura was in on the stunt. When the others leave, he offers Jessica a ticket to a must-see concert, but she refuses and goes away with Bob, so he invites Gaynor instead and takes her back to his place. Several young boys are playing with a ball and kick it by accident into the churchyard. They find the loose plank, enter to find the ball and come upon the mutilated body of Laura in a pile of debris. The police surgeon (Artro Morris), the detective sergeant (David Andrews) and Inspector Murray (Michael Coles) of Scotland Yard confer at the crime scene. The surgeon notes that the body was drained of blood. Jessica tells Bob she is sure Johnny is lying about where Laura went, but Bob urges her to forget it. Murray and the sergeant have identified Laura from arrest record fingerprints, and discuss the dark implications of the case. As they check her file, they see Jessica among the list of her friends. They remember that her grandfather worked with them on a blackmail case with elements of witchcraft, and decide to enlist his help again while trying to find out how Jessica might be involved. They visit Van Helsing at home and discuss vampires, the occult and supernatural phenomena when they bring up the fact that Jessica is slightly linked to the case. Outside Bob is dropping Jessica off and they see the police vehicle. Jessica tries to slip past, but Lorrimer calls her into the study to talk to the police. Though she tries to be flippant and evasive, once she learns that Laura is dead, she breaks down and admits that she and her group were at the church, details what happened, and says that the group is with Joe Mitchum. Murray tells Lorrimer she is involved but he is not sure she is implicated. Outside, he tells the sergeant to accompany him to visit Joe, where there will likely be drugs and, therefore, an opportunity to detain and talk to the others in the group. After they leave, Lorrimer finds Jessica with the phone to warn Joe about the pending police visit, and he dissuades her. He learns that Johnny Alucard, whose name was not on the police list, mysteriously insinuated himself into her group and took leadership. At his apartment, Johnny offers Gaynor a smoke and puts on a record; later they kiss and she soon falls into a stupor. He helps her into his car and drives back to the church to bring her to Dracula. In his study. Lorrimer writes the name Alucard on a piece of paper, reveals it is Dracula backwards, and concludes Johnny is a disciple. The count drains Gaynor of her blood, but he wants Johnny to bring him Jessica. Asleep in bed, Jessica tosses and frets as she has a nightmare in which she seems to witness what happens to Gaynor, and she awakens screaming. Lorrimer helps her settle back to sleep, assuring her the nightmare is over, but she replies that she doubts it. Johnny demands to be granted immortality, and Dracula reminds him that he was chosen to help destroy the Van Helsing family through Jessica. Johnny says vampirism would make it easier to find her and begs to be turned, assuring the count he will get rid of Gaynor afterward. Dracula grips Johnny by the shoulder as he turns his head for the fatal bite. Lorrimer takes out a bible, a silver knife, and a cross which he places around the neck of the sleeping Jessica. Johnny dumps the body of Gaynor out of the car to fall into the river. Later he spots a woman leaving a laundromat and he smiles, revealing fangs, and exits the vehicle. In the morning, Van Helsing goes to Sunday services at a local church and fills a vessel with holy water. Later Murray informs Van Helsing that Gaynor was found dead in Hyde Park. She was not mutilated as significantly as Laura. He also says a woman named Marjorie Baines was discovered. Lorrimer guesses correctly that her body only had two neck punctures, but Murray admits he does not know what he is dealing with. Van Helsing says Dracula had been in London before and could have returned. A phone call comes, informing Murray that the detained group members were bailed out by their parents and accompanying lawyers. Lorrimer says they might be safer in jail, but then assures Murray that he sees a pattern leading back to Johnny, and he can help crack the case, so Murray says he will officially attribute the deaths to a criminally insane killer and asks what to do next. Van Helsing recommends removing the police presence from the church so Dracula can reach his resting place, and to notify him if Johnny is located. Then he mentions possibly making use of the Cavern, but Murray says the police will be shutting the coffee bar down due to suspected drug activity. Bob goes to the Cavern and finds it closed with a police guard in front, so he sneaks in the back entrance to find Johnny, who says he has been waiting for him. Lorrimer walks to St. Bartolph's, finds the loose plank, and leaves. At the house, Mrs. Donnelly finds Bob at the door. He tells Jessica that Johnny has been arrested at the Cavern and the police want her to come join the others to add her statement. She goes with him through the back entrance of the bar to find nobody there until Johnny comes out of hiding. She sees that he is a vampire, then turns to Bob to find he is undead as well. Johnny removes her cross, burning his hand, and Bob is prepared to bite her, but Johnny says the Master wants her, and Jessica faints. When Lorrimer calls in to Mrs. Donnelly, she informs him that Jessica has gone to the Cavern. In a panic, Lorrimer runs there and finds the cross on the floor. He rushes out and nearly collides with Anna in her car. She called his home, spoke to Mrs. Donnelly and wants to help, being the only one in the group alive who has visited Johnny at his apartment. Lorrimer asks her for the address. At the apartment Johnny has a coffin in his living room and is packing a bag with candles and a folding knife when Van Helsing arrives. Johnny goads him, asking if he will give the bride, Jessica, away, and they struggle as the sun begins to rise. Van Helsing wraps the cross around the bible and tosses it into the coffin. Johnny retrieves the knife and slashes Lorrimer in the arm, but a shaft of sunlight reflected in a mirror hits him and he shrinks back, so Lorrimer uses the mirror to repel Johnny. Backing upstairs into his bathroom, Johnny accidentally releases the skylight window shade, flooding the room with sunlight. He falls into the bathtub and grabs the faucet lever, turning it on, and the running water paralyses him. Lorrimer tries to get him to talk, but as Johnny succumbs he says Lorrimer will never find Jessica. Murray and the sergeant arrive. Lorrimer says Dracula has Jessica and asks for one hour at the church as the sun sets with no police, and Murray agrees. The sergeant recommends Lorrimer visit the hospital for his bleeding arm, and Murray says they will follow other leads and visit the church later. A weak and bandaged Lorrimer returns to St. Bartolph's to find Bob has been destroyed by sunlight in the churchyard. Jessica is on the altar inside the church. She is in a trance and will not awaken until Dracula summons her. Lorrimer whispers to her and returns the cross to her neck, hiding it in her bodice, promising he will not be away for long. In the churchyard he digs an immense hole and fills it with handmade upright stakes resembling crosses, covering the trap with grasses. At dusk, Dracula appears and awakens Jessica. When she sits up, the cross appears, and the count cautiously removes it, causing his hand to smolder. Before he can bite Jessica, Van Helsing appears, urging him to remember the past encounter. Recognizing his enemy, Dracula challenges Van Helsing, pursues him upstairs and corners him, but Lorrimer produces the silver knife and stabs him in the heart. The count tumbles over the ledge to the floor below and hypnotically summons Jessica to his side for help. Though Lorrimer yells to Jessica to stop, by the time he reaches the ground floor she has removed the knife and the chase resumes. Lorrimer runs outside, stumbling at the trap, and some of the covering gives way. As Dracula reaches its edge and spots the trap, Lorrimer produces the vial of holy water and, with a quick blessing, flings the water at him, which burns the vampire like acid. Dracula loses his balance, slips on the ledge and falls, landing full body onto the stakes. He lunges back at Van Helsing but is pinned prone and helpless. Lorrimer picks up the shovel and pushes down on the vampire. The stakes impale him through the back and seal his doom as Jessica screams under his fading thrall. Lorrimer watches as the body disintegrates into dust, and Jessica rushes into his arms in time to witness the phenomenon. Lorrimer puts his coat around her shoulders, she sees Bob lying dead nearby and nearly collapses, but Van Helsing assures her gently, "Requiescat in pace ultima," as she sobs in his comforting arms and they turn for home. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0071824
Action,Crime,Drama
About an hour before dawn just outside Seattle in 1973, a man dons sunglasses and fits a silencer to a pistol. He then drives into the city and eventually to a corner where a policeman sees his car and approaches - and is promptly shot dead by the man. He then drives to a police impound lot where another officer, Wally Johnson, is parking a car; the killer shoots him dead. The killer then drives to a corner coffee shop; as he washes his hands his police badge briefly appears, indicating he is a dirty cop. The shop proprietor greets him, for he is Stan Boyle, a detective sergeant. While the proprietor goes to the kitchen, Boyle sees a car pull up outside; he goes to the car and gives the driver a carrying case with the murder weapon inside - but as he returns to his own car the driver shoots him down with a shotgun then escapes. Boyle's partner is Lon McQ, a lieutenant, and after being noisily awakened by his telephone on his dockside houseboat, McQ learns from police Sergeant J.C. Davis of the shootings. McQ deduces the shootings to be the work of Manuel Santiago, a businessman who fronts for massive shipments of narcotics from Canada. McQ's suspicion about Santiago is hardened when he is fired on near his car by a hit-man who he shoots dead and identifies as Patty Samuels. McQ visits the hospital where Boyle is in critical condition and comforts Boyle's wife Lois. He asks her about the previous night where they were attending a show and Stan got a phone call to leave. After his questioning he drives to police headquarters where his superior, Captain Ed Kosterman, has rounded up street radicals he believes may be responsible for the shootings; here he greets city councilman Franklin Toms, who is close to him as well as the Boyles. McQ greets Kosterman in the station commissary and Ed orders McQ not to harass Santiago, pointedly reminding him of a previous case where a hood was brutally assaulted by McQ and the police had to deal with backlash from several lawyers. McQ blows him off and drives to Santiago's harbor-side business where he photographs him greeting a suspicious type just before he drives to a downtown diner. It is there that a news broadcast reveals that Stan Boyle has died of his shotgun injuries; when Santiago goes to the restroom and uses a payphone to inform someone of Boyle's death, McQ jumps him and rams him head-first into the mirror then punches him unconscious and dumps him in the trough. For this McQ is taken off duty and assigned to a desk until further notice by police brass, but instead of taking this punishment McQ angrily quits the force, though he gives J.C. Davis the roll of film on Santiago and tells him to get an identification on the suspect with Santiago. Days later following Boyle's funeral Lois comes by McQ's houseboat where he comforts her and she suggests they get in his "Green Hornet," a flashy Pontiac TransAm, and just drive away. Later McQ shows up at the office of Pinky Farrell, a private detective, and asks to join him; he wants to investigate Boyle's murder and Santiago's supposed role in it and not be held up by the police umbrella. Farrell reluctantly agrees to register McQ, and at police headquarters J.C. gives him the photos he took, identifying the man with Santiago as Freddie LaSalle, a hit-man from St. Louis. McQ later borrows $5,000 from his ex-wife Elaine, who still holds Lon in her heart and remembers the fear for his life that drove her away. That night at a Seattle Supersonics game Lon confronts Rosey, an informant who wants nothing to do with him anymore since he's not on the force; Lon shows him a newspaper with some of the $5,000, and Rosey tells him that Santiago has brought in three hit-men for a drug heist. Lon then greets Myra, a waitress who was an informant of Boyle and may have been closer to him that just that; she is an addict and Lon gives her a line for her to inhale; she agrees to tell him that she knows about Santiago's hit team and that they intend to steal from the police. Lon follows a state police detail transferring several million dollars worth of powder to an incineration plant, but Santiago's hit team, disguised as part of a laundry service, jumps them and steals the power, but have to fire on Lon as he pursues them to their laundry truck. Lon chases them in his Pontiac and catches up to and corners a laundry truck, but it turns out to be a different one. Kosterman is doubly furious at Lon for the shootout and for not informing the police beforehand as well as at Franklin Toms, who defends Lon to Kosterman. Kosterman revokes Lon's gun permit before leading a sweep of Santiago's house and business to find the powder; Lon for his part purchases another gun anyway, then is told by his friend Jack, the gun shop owner, about a new sub-machine weapon, the Ingram, a 9 mm weapon that fires 20 rounds per second. Lon is so impressed with the Ingram after test firing it on a trashcan of water he borrows the weapon and half a dozen magazines of ammo. He then drives to Lois' house for a drink before getting a phone call from J.C. Davis that the police search turned up nothing. Lon, though, knows better, and that Santiago has driven the junk around before stashing it where the police already searched - his office. Yet it blows up in Lon's face when he finds the powder in Santiago's office but is cornered by his gunmen and then learns from the furious Santiago that the powder he stole is in fact harmless sugar. Clearly the drugs were switched with sugar by certain officials, and now Lon realizes Santiago never was involved in the killing of Boyle or the other two officers. Santiago, with nothing to fear from Lon, lets him go, but first beats him up as revenge. Lon now suspects Kosterman may be involved, but gets more shocking news when he confronts his informant Rosey and Rosey reveals that Boyle himself was a dirty cop. Lon initially doesn't believe it, but after seeing Myra she herself is shot to death by a gunman who thinks she knows something. Lon himself is then attacked when two trucks crush his Pontiac between them. Lon is questioned about the attempt on his life by J.C., who reveals where the wrecked car is being held. Lon now realizes something about his car, and when he sneaks into the impound yard both to retrieve the Ingram weapon and to search the car he finds traces of cocaine - the cocaine switched with sugar earlier. Now Lon realizes his friend was indeed dirty - some time earlier he'd loaned Stan his car for a day, and this was how Stan switched the sugar and cocaine - but the police now suspect he himself is involved, so he must hot-wire a car to escape, then finds Lois, who is packing to visit her folks upstate; Lon drives with her and reveals that her husband was dirty - but that others close to him are involved, all leading to a confrontation involving Santiago and a lengthy high speed pursuit along a stretch of beach.
tt0075334
Horror
Father Michael (Christopher Lee) is excommunicated from the church for heresy, although he does not recant. 20 years later in Bavaria, Father Michael collects a nun Catherine (Nastassja Kinski) from a nunnery and hands her to George (Michael Goodliffe) and Eveline (Eva Maria Meineke) who take her to the airport for a flight to London. George and Eveline then go to their hospital and greet a pregnant woman Margaret (Isabella Telezynska). In London, John Verney (Richard Widmark) is launching his latest book about the occult at an art exhibition. Present at the launch are lovers Anna Fountain (Honor Blackman) and David Kennedy (Anthony Valentine). Henry Beddows (Denholm Elliot) arrives insisting he speak to Verney, and during their lengthy conversation he hands Verney an envelope in which there is a picture of his daughter Catherine. Verney heads to Heathrow airport to collect her. At Heathrow, Catherine's companion Kollde (Constantin de Goguel) telephones Henry but Henry does not answer; instead he is loading a gun while the phone rings. Verney collects Catherine behind Kollde's back and takes her to his home in London. Later Catherine talks to her father on the telephone. While she does Kollde arrives at Henry's house with a gun. After a short scuffle, Henry shoots and kills Kollde. Father Michael arrives at George and Eveline's hospital where Margaret is in labour. She is tended to by the three of them but she is tied to the bed and her legs bound together. Anna and David telephone Verney to ask about the woman he collected from the airport. They arrange to meet at Verney's home the following morning. While Margaret is in labour in Bavaria, Catherine suffers similar pains in bed in London. After Margaret's baby is born, Father Michael and George put Margaret to death with a lethal injection. Father Michael, George and Eveline bring the new born baby to England. Anna and David arrive at Verney's house. Verney explains that Satanists are after Catherine and her father Henry is trying to protect her and trusted her to Verney since he is an occult expert. Meanwhile Father Michael explains to George and Eveline that it is too late for Henry because he took a pact 18 years earlier. Father Michael telephones Henry and as they talk, Father Michael wraps a cord around the telephone. At the other end, Henry sees a snake around his wrist and in his horror reveals Catherine is at Verney's home. In a flashback to 18 years ago, Henry secretly witnesses Catherine's birth in a church in a Satanist ritual conducted by Father Michael. During the birth his wife and Catherine's mother Isabel (Anna Bentinck) dies. Henry's hiding place is revealed and he is forced to take a pact: a satanic pendant. Father Michael, George and Eveline conduct another satanic ritual which has the power to make Catherine put on a satanic pendant and leave Verney's home. Verney arrives back just in time to see Catherine leaving and stop her, ripping off the pendant. Catherine explains she had a vivid dream in which she was part of a satanic ritual. Catherine becomes more and more hysterical until Verney slaps her and knocks her out. Father Michael telephones Verney to tell him Henry is in hospital to try and get Catherine back but Verney refuses. Verney visits a bishop at St. Paul's cathedral who explains that Father Michael was excommunicated because he wanted to create a personification of a god but it was actually the personification of the devil called Astaroth. Verney checks the pages Father Michael has read in a book about Astaroth in the cathedral's vaults. Meanwhile, while David tries to locate Henry, Father Michael uses his power to make Catherine stab Anna and flee Verney's home. She is found on the streets by George and taken to Father Michael and the new born baby. Eveline starts donating her blood to be used in the baptism. When Verney arrives home, David insists they go and look for Catherine together. Verney and David search Henry's home and find the body of Kollde. Continuing the search, they find Henry weeping and hysterical in a chair. Verney explains they are planning to baptise Catherine and she will become Astaroth. They want Henry to tell them where Catherine has been taken but he won't without the pact. As they drive away, Verney explains to David that the Satanists baptise a child in the blood of her dead mother, bring her up in seclusion as a nun, then baptise her again with blood as the devil. Verney and David arrive at a church where they see a vision of Catherine's mother on the altar. Verney searches the altar for the pact but as he finds it, David grabs it. David is immediately consumed in fire and dies in a pile of ash. Eveline dies providing all her blood for the baptism of Catherine. Verney returns the pact to Henry, who then reveals where Father Michael will have taken Catherine. Father Michael has placed Catherine on an altar and surrounded her with a circle of blood. Verney arrives to see Father Michael sacrifice the baby. He overpowers George with a flint stone which causes Father Michael to pause the baptism. Verney explains that the demons are angry with Michael, although Michael thinks he is safe because of what he read in the book of Astaroth. However, Verney has the flint with the blood of George, one of Michael's disciples, on it which will actually protect Verney. He steps inside the circle of blood surrounding Catherine, throws the flint at Michael knocking him to the ground, and carries Catherine out of the circle. When he looks back, Michael and the circle of blood have disappeared.
tt0092133
Comedy,Drama,Music
At the Venus de Milo nightclub in Nice on the French Riviera, gigolo Christopher Tracy (Prince) raises a glass for a toast and plays piano for the patrons. A voiceover says he lived for money, entertaining rich women of all types, but died for just one woman after learning the true meaning of love. As he plays, a mysterious woman in white appears and sits at a specially placed chair to listen to him play. At a nearby table sits his partner Tricky (Jerome Benton), who has a server pass Christopher napkins with notes on how to win her over, and reminders that they need money. With suggestive eye contact and body language they silently size each other up until she sends over a drink for him and leaves a sizeable wad of money on the table as she leaves, confirming their assignation for the evening. The following morning Christopher has discreetly left a note on the pillow of the woman in white and gone to a private hillside grotto where he keeps a piano and writes poetry and music. Back in Nice, he doles out money to some passing kids and helps a woman select flowers in the market before returning to his apartment. Tricky is making out with the landlady, Katy (Emmanuelle Sallet), who is demanding payment on two months of back rent under threat of turning them out on the streets. After joking and stalling, Christopher gives up a wallet full of money as he heads to their room for a bath. He tells Tricky that Mrs. Wellington (Francesca Annis), the woman in white, is divorced and worth three million dollars. The goal of getting rich through marriage is part of their profession of fleecing people, but Christopher wants a bigger payload. Tricky points out a newspaper headline that Mary Sharon (Kristin Scott Thomas), daughter of a billionaire shipping magnate, has just turned 21 and will receive a trust fund worth $50 million dollars. Christopher says he would consider marrying her for that amount of money. Mrs. Wellington calls and asks Christopher for some seductive poetry on the phone, so he slips into the bathtub and woos her, then laughs with Tricky after they hang up. At the party for Mary Sharon, her father Isaac (Steven Berkoff) has pulled out all the stops, with circus animals and fire breathers, and a guest list of the richest folks on the Gold Coast, but he is absent from the event. A band of observers known as the Jaded Three (Victor Spinetti, Myriam Tadesse, Moune De Vivier) follow the circus parade through the grounds as they gossip about Isaac. Muriel Sharon (Alexandra Stewart) is waiting with the others for Mary, who suddenly shows up in nothing but a sheet, opens it for the assembled guests and asks if they like her birthday suit. She then takes over the drum kit, and the band joins her in an impromptu performance. She sees Christopher, who turns on the charm, but she is not impressed and goes to change into a gown for her party, asking her three friends (Pamela Ludwig, Barbara Stall, Karen Geerlings) to watch over the two party crashers. When she returns her friends fill her in on Christopher, saying he made the rounds twice to check out all the women, and Tricky is also at work. Mrs. Wellington gives Mary a present. Tricky introduces himself and she blows him off as she heads to the fountain away from the crowd. She tosses the present behind her shoulder and Christopher catches it. She tries to put him off with rude retorts as he opens the box for her and finds a deck of tarot cards. When Mary realizes the appearance of Mrs. Wellington has set him on edge, she takes him over to introduce him to Muriel, who is talking with her. Muriel asks if he reads cards professionally, and he replies that he only does things for fun. Tricky gets Mary to join his conga line with the other partygoers, but her friends pull her away to take a phone call from her fiancée Jonathan, who is in New York. After she puts his off-key birthday song on the speaker phone, she sees Christopher is in the room. They exchange insulting banter, and Jonathan overhears it, thinking she is talking to him. Annoyed, she ultimately hangs up on him. Christopher gives her a free pass to the Venus de Milo, but as he rejoins Tricky she orders the bouncers to throw them out. Mrs. Wellington is leaving the party so Christopher joins her. At her home the answering machine picks up a live call from Isaac, who says he will be back home in the morning, giving her and Christopher another night of fun. He plays piano during the message and misses that Isaac said he plans to visit at 7:00 the next night. In the morning Mary has come up with a retort for a remark Christopher aimed at her before being ejected from the party, finally heads to the club and interrupts his playing to deliver it. He asks if she had worked all night to come up with the line. Chastened, she tells him Mrs. Wellington passed her word that she wants Christopher at her house at 7:00 that evening. Tricky dances with Mary and treats her with politeness and respect, making her feel more comfortable. He says he wants a special woman to add new perspective in his life. She invites them to another venue called Le Pavilion to see if they blend into the finer side of life. Christopher cuts in and takes her onto the terrace. They dance and continue to exchange insults until it wears thin and they ask what each wants from the other. Christopher tries to entice her, but has to leave or he will be late to his date with Mrs. Wellington. Pulling up at her home with champagne and glasses, he sees an impressive car parked there. Sitting in the driver seat, he finds the license and sees the car belongs to Isaac. Realizing Mary is using him to get at her father and his own affair with Mrs. Wellington, he yells taunts at the house and pulls away, leaving the champagne behind as the two rush out in disheveled clothes. As the pair dress for the evening, Christopher says Mary knows who she is but not what she wants, and Tricky thinks she will want to marry him instead. She is not accustomed to their way of life, however, and they mull over how to show it to her. At home Mary says she wants to joyride in the boat, and her father objects. She is testing her independence and they argue over the trust, which Isaac has modified to include the condition that Mary wed Jonathan. Christopher teases Tricky, saying Isaac and Muriel would not approve of their union and the police would arrest him, while he would sit by and deny he knows him. They stare each other down and Tricky breaks eye contact first, making Christopher laugh. At the venue Tricky insists Mary likes him better and will dance to his tune, and Christopher gets an idea to bring her down to their world. Inside the restaurant Christopher taunts Mary that she is not familiar with the kind of life in their native Miami. He writes down the words "wrecka stow" on a napkin. They prod her to repeat the words loudly, but she cannot fathom the phrase. He and Tricky laugh raucously, and their behavior disturbs the patrons. Christopher finally asks Mary where one would go to buy a Sam Cooke album, and she realizes she is looking at a phonetic urban pronunciation for a record store. The staff clear a space on the floor for dancing, and Tricky hauls a huge boom box to the stage to play their own music, which the patrons gamely dance to. The maître d' has phoned Isaac, who shows up with his bodyguard Lou (Guy Cuevas) and his retinue. They break the boom box and put an end to the evening. Mary says she wanted to do something special for once, but when he says they are going home, she obediently follows him out. Isaac asks Lou to get information about Christopher and Tricky. At the apartment, Tricky confesses that he likes Mary, but Christopher tells him to just keep handling the money in the partnership. Mary calls Christopher, unable to get to sleep, and vaguely suggests that she wants him, so he and Tricky proceed to the house and set up a ladder to a second floor balcony so Christopher can seduce her. He tells Tricky to whistle four times if they need to abort the mission, then enters the bedroom pretending to be a pizza delivery man. He whispers that he will take care of everything, and she replies in a strange voice that she takes medication to sleep. Outside, Tricky spots Mary, whose bedroom is actually on the third floor. He smiles and is about to leave his partner in the predicament when he spots men patrolling the grounds. Unable to whistle through a dry mouth, Tricky climbs the ladder and pitches stones at Christopher to distract him and tell him he is actually with Muriel, and they manage to escape. Isaac comes to bed, and a now seductive Muriel, warmed up by Christopher, takes control of her own satisfaction. The next day Mary visits the two at their apartment and shows them a consolation gift of money from her father for missing her birthday party. They go on a shopping spree. Christopher buys a car from the Jaded Three to give to Mary, while she and Tricky buy pricey clothes and watches. Christopher whispers to her to meet him at the hippodrome after sunset before she goes off for more shopping with Tricky. Later Christopher tells Tricky he wants to leave the business and become an honest man. At a small café they discuss the power of love, and Christopher feels that two people who truly loved each other could never be separated. Tricky tries to stress that they are engaged in business and need to get enough money to return to Miami before Isaac gets them. They do not see Lou watching them, and the place clears out quickly when Tricky sees bats on the ceiling. Later they dress for the evening, and Christopher says he will meet Tricky at the club in two hours, as he must do something before picking up Mary. He waits at the hippodrome for Mary, who drives up in her new car. They race, finally kiss and spend the evening together, and a furious Tricky leaves the club when he realizes he has been stood up. In the car after they share a laugh, Christopher asks Mary why Isaac is so cruel. Still programmed by the class structure she has been raised on, she says he is considered a peasant. He makes remarks about their relationship compared to how she would act with Jonathan, she gets angry and tells him to shut up. He pretends to be indignant and says he is calling her father. He calls Mrs. Wellington from a nearby phone booth, knowing Isaac is there, and pretends to be Lou to speak with him. When he answers the phone, Christopher taunts Isaac by saying that he loves Mary and she will come around to loving him, threatening to tell Muriel if Isaac attempts to separate them. Mary cuts the call short and tells Christopher that her father has the chief of police in his pocket, but he says he can destroy Isaac, and they make out in the booth while Lou, in a concealed car nearby, keeps a watch on them. The next morning Isaac yells at Mary when she finally arrives at home after being out all night. She ignores him until he grabs her arm and rants about how her marriage to Jonathan will increase the net worth for both families, and she realizes he is pawning her off to Jonathan in his greed for more money. At the apartment, Christopher comes home to a drunken Tricky, who yells at him for breaking all the rules they made in their partnership. Tricky says Christopher is jealous because he can steal Mary, and insults him. Christopher leaves to find Mary waiting at the front door for him, hoping they can get away for a while. He takes her in a small motorboat to the grotto, where they make love. Isaac calls Sam (Sam Karmann) to help him deal with the problem. As they drive back to the club, Mary points out to Christopher that a limo sent by her father is following them. Tricky comes out of the bar, where Katy has been trying to smooth things over and curb his drinking, but Tricky brings up the first conversation Christopher had with him, in which he said he would consider marrying Mary for $50 million dollars. Feeling she has been used all along, Mary leaves in the limo. At home Mary confronts Muriel, saying she is hurt by the hypocrisy on which they raised her. Muriel tells her daughter she feels hurt as well. Mary wants to leave for New York immediately. Christopher has entered the club and downed several drinks. An older woman, a former client, accosts him, saying she misses him. Realizing his lifestyle has gotten him nowhere, he runs off and winds up at Mrs. Wellingtons home. She hands him a check from Isaac for $100 thousand dollars to keep him away from Mary, but he writes a classic obscenity on it, hands it back and is ready to leave when she tells him Mary is leaving at midnight on the family plane for New York. As he pulls off, she wishes him good luck. At the airport, Christopher pleads with Mary for five minutes so he can talk to her, determined to seal their love for each other. He drives away with her and parks the car so they can talk in private, while Isaac arrives at the airport and insists that Mary was abducted against her will. Mary says she does not know him anymore, so Christopher gets into the back seat and puts on dark sunglasses, saying nothing while she unloads her frustrations on him, at one point calling him a whore, which visibly affects him. When she says she hates him, he replies he loves her, and after some give and take, she realizes she does love him, and as they kiss he offers a chance to go away together forever. Tricky returns to the apartment, rehearsing his speech to Christopher so they can mend their partnership, but finds Lou and the others there. They rough him up when he refuses to reveal where Christopher is, and knock him out. Isaac receives a call that investigators found the car Christopher drives parked at the harbor. Mary awakens in the grotto to find a poem Christopher has written about being an honest man, noting that, even in death, they would always be together. At the apartment Isaac calls Lou to send the men to the harbor, and Tricky comes to in time to escape with Katy. Christopher meets up with Tricky at the harbor, and Tricky promises to be the best man if the wedding comes off. He and Katy deal with Lou and the men as they close in. Isaac arrives with the harbor patrol on the water, and Christopher heads out in the motorboat to get Mary. She races down from the grotto when she hears the commotion, and a marksman on the boat is told to shoot Christopher. Mary pleads with him to run away, but he gets off the boat onto the dock, saying he will not go without her, and a shot is fired. As a distraught Tricky falls to his knees in prayer, Mary goes to the dock and cradles Christopher, who smiles and dies in her arms. When Isaac arrives to take Mary home, she says she is going with Christopher and accompanies the patrol boat, leaving Isaac alone on the dock. Time passes, and Tricky has returned to Miami in style, driving a Rolls Royce. He has become an apartment manager. Katy brings a letter that has arrived from Mary, who is now his investor. She has stayed single, and notes Christopher was right. She will come to Miami soon to visit, and says for Tricky to give Katy a hug for her. She is ready for her hug, but the tables have turned and a smiling Tricky reminds his tenant that her rent is late and he will throw her out onto the Miami streets. Though Christopher is gone, life will go on for his friends.
tt0073600
Action,Horror,Thriller
Motorcycle shop owner and retired racer, Frank Stewart (Warren Oates), meets his friend, Roger Marsh (Peter Fonda), at a motorbike racetrack after Roger completes a test circuit with disappointing results. Their wives, Alice Stewart (Loretta Swit) and Kelly Marsh (Lara Parker), step out of Frank's new R.V. at the track and Alice encourages the crew to hit the road for their much anticipated ski vacation. After heading out of San Antonio and finding a peaceful, isolated location off the highway to set up camp, Roger and Frank race their motorbikes while Kelly and Alice take the Marsh's dog, Ginger, for a walk. When the dog exhibits nervous behavior, Kelly surveys the landscape with suspicion. The couples share a lively dinner, but Ginger continues to be anxious. Later, as Roger and Frank sit outside drinking and reminiscing, they see a congregation of chanting, robed figures beside a bonfire in the distance. Upon further investigation with binoculars, Roger and Frank conclude that they are watching an orgy. The revelry becomes violent, however, and the two men witness an occult ritual where a masked leader sacrifices a naked young woman by stabbing her through the heart. When Alice calls to Roger and Frank from the R.V., she unknowingly reveals them to the cultists, who chase after the men. After making their way back to the R.V., Roger and Frank tell their wives they witnessed a murder. As they attempt to drive away, the wheels become stuck in a river. Roger and Frank are able to push the R.V. free, but two men from the cult gain on them and smash the back window with logs as Roger fights them off. The next morning, the four vacationers stop at a police station in a small town and report their encounter to Sheriff Taylor (R.G. Armstrong), who insists that Roger and Frank return with him to the scene of the ritual. On the way, Taylor explains that drug-addicted hippies have destroyed the serenity of the area, and that he recently caught them skinning cats and smearing blood on their naked bodies, claiming to have seen the devil. When the police sweep the scene, they find evidence of a bonfire and bloodstains, but no discernible footprints. Although Frank discovers a sacrificed dog hanging on a tree, Taylor blames the incident on vagrants and suggests that the blood at the campsite belonged to the dog, not a young woman as Roger and Frank claim. Back in town, Kelly and Alice find a threatening note, written in English and Rune symbols, attached to the back window of the R.V. warning that any evil caused by the two couples will be returned nine fold. As Kelly and Alice leave the R.V. to find a library so they can decipher its symbols, a man watches them from a red pickup truck. After looking through texts on witchcraft, occult rituals, and the supernatural, Kelly and Alice discover that the books are non-circulating reference materials and steal them. Meanwhile, Sheriff Taylor tells the men to go on their way and leave the case to him, then directs them to a mechanic on the outskirts of town to have the back window repaired. The red pickup pulls into the station as the mechanic works on the window, overhearing the conversation in the motor home. Roger points out that the deputy knew exactly where the site of the ritual was without asking. As Kelly and Alice review full moon ceremonies from their books, Alice shows Frank the note and explains that the rune within it is a spell with Satanic powers. Roger then announces that he secretly took a blood sample from the scene of the ritual. He suggests that they find a police department in a big city and have the evidence analyzed to confirm if it came from a human or a dog. Back out on the road toward Amarillo, the couples reach an R.V. campground for the night and Kelly and Alice go to the pool while Roger and Frank relax with martinis. While swimming, Kelly and Alice receive menacing stares. Sensing that something is still amiss, Kelly returns to the R.V. and pleas with Roger to abandon the trip and go home. When Frank insists to Alice that they must continue, Jack and Ethel Henderson step aboard the R.V. and welcome their new neighbors with a pitcher of martini mix. After admiring the vehicle, Jack is adamant that the two couples accompany them to dinner. At a nearby roadhouse, Roger and Frank relate their harrowing encounters to the Hendersons and tell them that they are on their way to Amarillo. When a fight suddenly breaks out among other bar patrons, the Hendersons watch with excitement but their guests return to the campground. Upon approaching the R.V., they find Ginger strung up on the door to the vehicle. As Kelly sobs over her dead dog, neighbors gather to watch, but refuse to respond to Roger and Frank's angry inquiries for a witness. After leaving the park, they discover two enormous rattlesnakes inside the R.V. and Frank crashes into a tree. Frank manages to skewer one of the snakes with a ski pole, while Roger grabs the other and smashes it against the wall. Hysterical with fear, Kelly insists that the men check the R.V. for other dangers, but after determining the vehicle safe, they are unable to leave because the engine is damaged from the collision. The next morning, when Roger buries Ginger and Frank fixes the engine, the two men find that their bikes have been vandalized. At a local store, Frank buys a shotgun and Roger discovers that the phone lines are down. Back on the road, they stop at a gas station, but Roger's attempt at contacting the highway patrol again fails when the payphone is disconnected. As they head toward the main highway, the truck in front of them stops short, forcing them to crash. They soon realize that three vehicles are making a coordinated effort to box them in. Each of the trucks, including the red pickup, are run off the road with the assistance of Frank's shotgun. Further along the road, the R.V. encounters a school bus in flames, but closer inspection reveals that the children are safely playing outside of it. Realizing the scene is a trap, Frank plows through the roadblock, but several men, including the mechanic who replaced their window, leap onto the R.V. Roger fends them off with the shotgun, and climbs atop the vehicle to defend against the other cars in pursuit. Reaching another roadblock, the R.V. is directed down an alternate road. Eventually, they pull off the road to rest for the night because of their damaged headlights. Roger encourages everyone to drink and relax, saying that the horror has ended, when a bonfire ignites outside. A mass of robed cultists, including the Hendersons, Sheriff Taylor and other individuals that the two couples encountered, surround the R.V. while Roger, Frank, Kelly and Alice are paralyzed with terror inside. As the chanting intensifies, Frank's R.V. is encircled in flames.
tt0077199
Comedy,Family,Sport
The hapless American Little League baseball team, the Bears, see the Japanese junior baseball champions on television. The Japanese team has invited Americans to play them, but no team has accepted the challenge. The Bears decide to answer the call and go on a local morning talk show to generate support. Meanwhile, local hustler and con artist Marvin P. Lazar (Tony Curtis) contemplates his debts, sees the Bears on television, and gets an idea that he later pitches to his associate, Louis the Gambler (Lonny Chapman): For $10,000, Louis can invest in Marvin's plan to take the Bears to Tokyo and broadcast the game nationally on American television. Louis declines because Marvin already owes him money. After Louis leaves, the Bears arrive to meet Marvin at his office, who falsely implies that he has already raised the money. Giving the children contracts, Marvin claims that their parents have approved and explains that he can promote the game and make them famous as both their manager and new coach. One team member, Ahmad Rahim (Erin Blunt), informs Marvin they have to take his six-year old little brother, Mustapha (Scooty Thornton), with them. Several days later, the Bears arrive in Tokyo and meet the Japanese team and their coach, Shimizu (Tomisaburô Wakayama), before proceeding to their hotel. Marvin gives the hotel two credit cards. After setting up an exhibition practice inning with the Japanese team for the next morning, Marvin tries to find a TV network to cover the event and a company willing to make an endorsement deal. At the exhibition, Marvin suggests different ways to write the Bears' story to Eddie (Jerry Ziesmer), an American television network journalist. The Bears' star player, Kelly Leak (Jackie Earle Haley), hits a home run, but the rest of his teammates play terribly and Japan scores ten runs to the Bears' one. Eddie tells Marvin that he will try to promote the game but warns that no one in the U.S. wants to see an American team get beaten. On his way back to the hotel, Kelly sees a beautiful Japanese girl (Hatsune Ishihara), and follows her to her music lesson. He approaches her afterwards but she speaks only Japanese. He follows her home and continues his attempts to communicate with the help of a Japanese-English dictionary. Kelly asks the girl to dinner and learns her name is Arika. Back at the hotel, Marvin finds it more difficult to promote the game than he anticipated and he is forced to confront his lies. Hotel management figures out that Marvin has no money, cuts up his credit cards and insists that he pay in cash. Meanwhile, the Bears realize Marvin misled them; he has not set up any games or television coverage. Disappointed, the Bears berate Marvin for lying but Mustapha says he still likes the coach. With the team stuck in Japan, Marvin is determined to make money. He bullies his way into a wrestling match with Japanese champion Antonio Inoki; although Marvin tries to dive from the wrestler, Inoki throws him around the ring. Concerned for Marvin's safety, Mustapha intercedes in the match by jumping on Inoki's back and biting his leg. The boy's teammates join in and they overcome Inoki. Marvin is declared the winner and earns enough money to cover their hotel stay. The unusual wrestling match is reported in the press and the Bears start garnering media attention. As the Bears and the Japanese team ride the train to their game location, Marvin realizes Kelly is missing. Back in Tokyo, Kelly and Arika walk around the city and get to know each other, despite the language barrier. After the two teams arrive at their destination, Shimizu observes Marvin's efforts to generate media interest and expresses disdain for Marvin's artifices despite his lack of speaking English. Later, Marvin concedes that he can be obnoxious, but argues that he doesn't want to miss out on the opportunity; if his efforts to court the media are successful, Shimizu and his team will benefit, too. When Marvin points out that he and Shimizu don't have to like each other to work together, Shimizu gives in. Shimizu and the Japanese all-stars win a nationally televised amateur talent game show and secure an endorsement deal with a baseball bat company. Meanwhile in Tokyo, Kelly and Arika share their first kiss. Sometime later, Marvin announces that the Bears are making money and presents them with new uniforms, ignoring protests that they are happy with their current outfits. As the Bears leave to watch a baseball game, Mustapha stays behind to be with Marvin, but Marvin shoos the little boy away to keep a private appointment. Marvin emerges from a massage parlor to find Mustapha waiting for him. When the boy asks Marvin why men and women kiss and how babies are made, Marvin answers as best he can. In Tokyo, Kelly finds Arika at pinball arcade and meets her disapproving father, who forces Arika to send Kelly away. Later, Ahmad calls Marvin an unscrupulous, manipulative and unfeeling "loser," and Marvin considers the accusations. The next day, Marvin runs into Louis. The gambler introduces him to his boss Locke (Robert Sorrells), who is in town with three teenage baseball superstars from Texas that could play for the Bears and help them win. Louis and Locke offer to place a $5,000 bet on the Bears for Marvin in Las Vegas, Nevada; since the odds are 25 to one for the Japanese team, Marvin could make a lot of money. On game day, Marvin introduces the three Texas players, but the Bears don't want help, claiming that Marvin pushed them to be underdogs and now they have something to prove. However, Marvin wields his authority and predicts that with the Texans on the team, the Bears will win the game and be national heroes. If the Bears lose, they will get nothing. As the team heads to the dugout, Ahmad admonishes Marvin. The game begins with the Texans batting and pitching well, but the Bears shun Marvin in the dugout. When Mustapha tries to comfort him, Marvin yells at the boy to leave him alone. Soon, the Texans exhibit unsportsmanlike behaviors and a fight ensues, involving the Bears, the Japanese team and audience members. After police end the brawl, stadium officials cancel the game. However, the television network director informs Marvin he will leave the cameras rolling until 4:00 p.m., so Marvin can still get another game on the air. Learning that Shimizu left his team because the players participated in the fight, Marvin finds his fellow coach and they commiserate in a hotel, but they look out the window to see their two teams playing for fun in a neighborhood lot. The coaches join their players and everyone enjoys himself except Kelly, who is having trouble concentrating. Suddenly, Arika arrives and Kelly hits a home run. The two teenagers run into each other's arms and kiss. When the network director (George Wyner) sees the game, he insists that the players return to the stadium, adding that Marvin is contractually obligated to deliver a game, but Marvin does not consent. Although Marvin suggests that the director ask the boys directly for their approval, the man threatens to sue the coach for breach of contract. Unfazed, Marvin announces that he is done promoting and the boys cheer. Taking Shimizu aside, Marvin suggests that the teams play together in Cuba next year.
tt0075359
Action,Crime,Drama
In Los Angeles, California, a sniper (Warren Miller) fires a rifle from the window of his hotel room, killing a middle-aged man bicycling with his wife. At Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, Paul (Brock Peters), a security officer, leads a pair of watchdogs into the scoreboard tower before locking all entryways. Meanwhile, the sniper leaves the hotel and drives toward the stadium, where a championship football game is to be played that afternoon between the Los Angeles and Baltimore, Maryland, teams. Football fans from Baltimore arrive at Los Angeles International Airport, including Steve (David Janssen), a short-tempered car salesman, and Janet (Gena Rowlands), his live-in girl friend. After a gambler named Mr. Sandman (Jack Klugman) places a large bet on the Los Angeles team, he is summoned to the hotel suite of Mr. Green (Alan Miller), a gangster to whom Sandman owes $28,000. Green demands the money at the conclusion of the game, or Sandman will be killed. Outside the Coliseum, Mike and Peggy Ramsay (Beau Bridges and Pamela Bellwood) have a picnic on the lawn outside the stadium with their two young sons, along with several other families. Meanwhile, the sniper enters the scoreboard tower undetected, then distracts the dogs with a piece of meat, and breaks the lock to the upper level, which overlooks the interior of the Coliseum. A telephone conversation between police captain Pete Holly (Charlton Heston) and Coliseum manager Sam McKeever (Martin Balsam) reveals that the governors of Maryland and California, the mayor of Los Angeles, and the president of the U.S. will be in attendance. A television crew prepares to broadcast the game from their control room, with several cameras placed around the stadium, including one in the blimp hovering overhead. The game gets underway and Baltimore quickly accumulates an eleven-point lead over Los Angeles. A Catholic priest (Mitchell Ryan) takes a seat next to Sandman, who fears for his life and requests a prayer for the Los Angeles team. Elsewhere in the crowd, Mike Ramsay scans the stadium through his binoculars, and is distracted by an indiscernible presence above the scoreboard. Moments later, the blimp camera detects the sniper. Sam informs the Secret Service of the security breach and deters the president's visit, then calls in Pete Holly. Later, Paul becomes indignant when Sam and Holly question his competence in the performance of his duties, and while they discuss their options in dealing with the crisis, Paul climbs the 60-foot ladder to the top of the tower. Before the two men are able to stop him, Paul reaches the top and is struck by the sniper's rifle stock, causing him to fall his death. Holly orders in the police department's Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) team, as well as three fully staffed ambulances. When the S.W.A.T. team arrives, Holly apprises its leader, Sgt. Chris Button (John Cassavetes), of the situation, and assures him that both governors and the mayor will be evacuated, reducing the chances of a shooting. Button, however, believes everyone in the stadium to be a "probable target." The sergeant deploys his men, placing two in each light tower overlooking the scoreboard, two in the control room to monitor the sniper, and others in and around the scoreboard, none of which are noticed by the more than 90,000 people in attendance. Holly hopes to foil the sniper without incident, and will only turn the operation over to Button after the two-minute warning is sounded, which signals the final moments of the game. In the stands, the priest tries to comfort Sandman, who has admitted that his life depends on the game's outcome. Mike goes to the lobby to tell the police about his discovery of the sniper, but the police take him away for interrogation. Meanwhile, in the control room, the camera signal from the blimp is lost and a police helicopter is called to monitor the sniper. As the Los Angeles team takes the lead, the two-minute warning is signaled with a pistol shot, and Holly orders the S.W.A.T. team into action. Steve and Janet end a bitter argument in the hallway with the decision to get married, but as they return to their seats, the sniper shoots and kills Steve... and then all hell breaks loose. The sniper finally opens fire on the crowd and kills two S.W.A.T. team members and several spectators, including Sandman. Peggy Ramsey is wounded by a bullet to her shoulder as she runs out of the stadium with her two young sons. Mike manages to get away from the police and runs through the panicking crowing trying to find his wife. At the same time, the S.W.A.T. team fires back, but the sniper is undaunted and shoots into the panicked crowd as it stampedes out of the stadium. Holly and Button climb the ladder to the scoreboard, while gunfire from the police helicopter causes the sniper to retreat into the tower. The police follow him inside, and the sniper continues to fire on them from a narrow shaft above the tower. Holly shoots six bullets into the shaft, and the sniper falls. The captain tries to interrogate the dying man but gets no response. The sniper's wallet identifies him as Carl Cook, "a transient from out of state." Elsewhere around the Coliseum, emergency crews treat the injured and identify the dead. Mike is returned to his family as his injured wife is placed in an ambulance. The priest remains in his seat, cradling Sandman's dead body. Later, as Cook's body is lowered from the tower, Button speculates on the killer's posthumous celebrity, and on how the police will likely be criticized for using excessive force.
tt0075807
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
Casey Brown (Jodie Foster) is a young girl in her early teens living on the streets in LA. She spends her days roving with other kids around the same age, shoplifting and making general mischief. One night when she returns to her shabby foster home, she finds that her foster parents seem to have sold her out to a suspicious looking man (John Alderson). The man takes her away in a car, and Casey assumes that he is a policeman who will arrest her for her crimes. Casey finds, however, that the man takes her to a fancy hotel and tells her to take a bath. Another man appears and identifies himself as Harry Bundage (Leo McKern). The man has simply delivered Casey to Bundage based on her appearance and two notable scars on her body, which seem to greatly interest Bundage. Casey soon learns that Bundage is a con artist who intends to use Casey in a scam. The scars on her body match those of a little girl who disappeared in the Los Angeles area many years ago; the girl was an English heiress named Lady Margaret who disappeared after being spirited to the United States by her errant father. Bundage needs Casey to pose as this heiress, Lady Margaret, to gain access to Candleshoe, the regal home of Lady St. Edmund (Helen Hayes). While there, she will search for a hidden treasure that was secreted there many years prior by the now-deceased husband of Lady St. Edmund, a pirate named Captain Joshua. Bundage has an advantage because his sketchy sister, Clara Grimsworthy (Vivian Pickles), was once a housekeeper at Candleshoe and discovered a document that gives the first clue for the treasure hunt. Casey agrees, and Bundage takes her back to England to prepare for the ruse. There, she learns about Lady Margaret, and Grimsworthy trains her to remember all the details known about the girl, including all of the foods Margaret liked and disliked. Once they feel she is ready to pull off the con, Bundage arranges a meeting by sending Lady St. Edmund a letter announcing that he thinks he has discovered her granddaughter. The Lady is skeptical, but agrees to a meeting anyway. Bundage and Casey arrive at Candleshoe and are greeted by the butler, Priory (David Niven). After Casey catches glimpses of several other children lurking around the mansion, Priory introduces them to Lady St. Edmund, who invites them to tea and hears Bundage's phony story about discovering Casey. Casey is good at the con game and responds appropriately when Priory tries to fool her into eating food that triggered Margaret's allergies. Casey finally amazes Priory and Lady St. Edmund by revealing that she knows about a secret hiding place in the large fireplace, and when they check, they discover a hidden music box. Casey knows that it plays "Greensleeves", and immediately Lady St. Edmund is convinced, weeping and welcoming the child back into her home. Once installed in Candleshoe, Casey learns that the other children at the mansion are from a local orphanage. Peter (Ian Sharrock), Cluny (Veronica Quilligan), Bobby (David Samuels) and Anna (Sarah Tamakuni) all live at Candleshoe and are treated as if they are part of Lady St. Edmund's family. Casey also learns that Priory is literally the only servant in the place, despite the fact that the Lady appears to have no idea of this. Priory wears a series of disguises that he dons in order to convince the Lady that Candleshoe is still financially solvent enough to afford servants. In reality, they are always on the verge of foreclosure, having sold off all of the valuable art and objects in the place and replaced them with copies. Priory and the children do all the work to keep the place running, including selling baked goods and homegrown produce in the market on Saturdays. Casey is hostile at first and is only concerned with finding the treasure. She finds one clue in the library and another written on a tombstone in a graveyard, but Cluny suspects her of being up to no good and attempts to intervene. Casey refuses to help do any of the work, and she comes to blows with Cluny over it. Casey is also hesitant to accept the love that Lady St. Edmund wants to give her as her grandmother, but eventually she begins to soften and realizes that she is accepted into their home and is part of their family. Even Cluny has forgiven her for their scuffle, especially since Casey refused to snitch on her to the Lady. Casey also helps Priory continue his ruse as the various servants, while she gives them sales tips on how to make more money in the marketplace. Suddenly her idyll is interrupted by Bundage, who steals their marketplace money from Casey as she is on her way home. Casey argues that if the steals the money, Lady St. Edmund and the others will be evicted. Bundage tells her that with the place cleared out and the occupants gone, they'll be able to strip Candleshoe and find the treasure. Casey tries to stop him and she gets slammed into a tree by Bundage as he pulls away in his car. As Casey recovers from her injuries in the hospital, she is paid a visit first by Lady St. Edmund and, later, by the other children. They inform Casey that with the money gone, Candleshoe is being put up for sale, and they must return to the orphanage. She initially sticks by her story that she does not know who attacked her, but Casey suddenly has a change of heart and finally tells the truth about everything to the kids, as well as to Lady St. Edmund and Priory. Lady St. Edmund correctly interprets the last known clue, which directed the treasure seekers to a painting that depicted Captain Joshua aboard his ship. Priory, however, has sold the painting to the local antiques dealer, who in turn has sold it that day to a foreign visitor who is leaving aboard a train. The group climbs into the car and races to the station only to find out that the train has left. Undaunted, Lady St. Edmund urges Priory to give chase, and they manage to flag down the train. The painting reveals the final clue of the treasure hunt: the treasure is located in the Grand Hall of Candleshoe, "under foot". Returning to the mansion, the group is startled to discover Bundage and his cronies, including Grimsworthy, tearing the place apart. The two groups clash and engage in a protracted battle, which includes Bundage and Priory duelling with swords and the children distracting Bundage's goons. Peter manages to summon the police, who return just as Bundage inadvertently discovers the hiding place of the treasure, which was secreted inside a statue of Captain Joshua himself. With Bundage and his gang taken into custody by the authorities, and with Lady St. Edmund suddenly very wealthy again due to the treasure, everyone is able to return to Candleshoe and be a family once again. Casey, however, packs her bag and leaves the estate without saying goodbye. As she waits at the train station alone, she looks up and sees Lady St. Edmund approaching her, with Priory waiting in the distance. She asks Casey why she is sneaking off, and Casey tells her that she feels guilty for arriving at Candleshoe to swindle her out of her fortune. The deception bothers Casey because now she realizes that she cares for Lady St. Edmund, who has been so kind to her from the very beginning. The Lady says it doesn't matter to her why Casey came to Candleshoe in the first place, she is only concerned about whether Casey really wants to leave. Casey, who has been so cool and calculating before, breaks down into tears. Lady St. Edmund stands and announces that she's taking Casey home, and together they return to the car and drive back to Candleshoe, where the other kids rush out to greet her and welcome her back. The last lines of the film occur when Casey says "What if your real granddaughter shows up?" Lady St. Edmund replies, "Perhaps she already has."
tt0086356
Crime,Drama,Mystery
On a South Los Angeles, California, street, two plainclothes detectives chase Hector Andujar, a Latino man, who fits the description of the killer of several elderly women. During the pursuit, Andujar throws something in a garbage can and escapes but the detectives can't search the can without a warrant; the law only allows police to rummage through trash once it's been removed from a trash container and mixed in with the other trash in a sanitation truck. However, the police make the procedural error of searching Andujar's trash in the truck before it is combined with the rest of the truck's trash. Before leaving the scene, detective Kenneth Wiggan (Larry Hankin) finds a gun. Later, in the courtroom of Superior Judge Steven R. Hardin (Michael Douglas), Andujar's attorney asks that all evidence in the case be declared inadmissible because the detectives violated his client's right to privacy by not waiting until Andujar's garbage was mixed with the rest of the garbage in the truck to do a search. The trial ends with Andujar free because of a technicality despite overwhelming evidence against him. At a Chinese restaurant, Hardin complains to Benjamin Caulfield (Hal Holbrook), his former law professor and fellow judge, that the law has become too distorted for justice to prevail. Caulfield confesses that he's done something about it but refuses to explain. Sometime later, the police, along with Detective Harry Lowes (Yaphet Kotto), uncover the grisly murder of ten-year-old Daniel Lewin in the park. Nearby, Officer Pickett and Officer Nelson (David Proval) stop a van that has two outstanding warrants and notice that two thugs inside, Lawrence Monk (Don Calfa) and Arthur Cooms (Joe Regalbuto), are nervous. Pickett detects marijuana and instructs his partner, Nelson, to search the van. When Nelson sees a bloodied boy's sneaker in the rear of the vehicle, Monk and Cooms are arrested and later tried for the murder of Lewin. The boy's death is thought to be the work of a child pornography ring that kidnaps, drugs, films and then kills children. However, in Hardin's court, the case unravels because the city is behind on its record-keeping. The public defender argues that the police arrested Monk based on erroneous information and deems the search of their vehicle illegal and asks that the case be dismissed. As the court adjourns, Dr. Harold Lewin (James B. Sikking), Danny's father, reminds Hardin that his son has been gruesomely murdered by shoving his son's school photograph in the judge's coat pocket. The next day, the case is thrown out of court and when Lewin attempts to shoot the freed killers, he is arrested. Later, at a baseball game, Hardin asks Caulfield to explain what he meant about overcoming the problems of convicting felons. Caulfield says he will soon offer an explanation but he refuses to do so at the ballgame. Judge Hardin later visits Lewin in prison. The doctor is at peace because he tried to take the law into his own hands. When Hardin offers his help, Lewin reminds him that another boy has been found murdered in the same manner as his son and says that the Judge is at fault because the murderers are back on the street. In a fury, Hardin drives to Caulfield's house, where he learns about "the court of last resort," a secret group of nine judges that hand out "real" justice for the most perverted cases in the court system. According to Caulfield, Hardin has one of two choices; he can go back to his career on the bench or he can get his hands dirty by joining the secret court. Hardin and a panel of judges then listen to cases in the privacy of Caulfield's study and a hired killer is contracted to enforce the court's decisions. When Hardin learns that Lewin has committed suicide in prison, he brings Danny Lewin's case to the secret court, and the judges arrange the summary execution of Monk and Cooms. Meanwhile, the police capture Stanley Flowers (DeWayne Jessie), a well-known car thief. During his interrogation, Flowers reveals that a van he stole for three black men was returned with a boy's bloody sneaker inside. Elsewhere, Hardin and his wife, Emily (Sharon Gless), attend a political function and learn from a friend that the news has reported the arrest of three black men believed to be the child pornographers. Fearing that Monk and Cooms are innocent and will be wrongly punished, Hardin finds Caulfield at the party and demands an emergency secret court session that evening. Although, Caulfield says it won't be easy to gather all the judges so quickly, the meeting convenes and Hardin is adamant that their decision to execute Monks and Cooms be reversed but he learns the execution cannot be stopped. In an effort to find Monk and Cooms before the hit man, Hardin follows Lowes' directions to an abandoned warehouse, and confronts the men. When Hardin warns them that their lives are threatened, they don't believe him and beat him up. As Hardin runs for his life, he grabs a chemical-filled glass bottle and uses it to defend himself as he inches out of the room. However, Monk and Cooms lunge at Hardin, causing him to throw the bottle into the middle of the room. An explosion rips through the side of the building and all three men run down the stairs as the fire alarm sounds. Meanwhile, a police car pulls up to the abandoned warehouse. The thugs shoot at Hardin, but before they can kill him, the hired killer, who is disguised as a police officer, shoots Monk and Cooms dead. The executioner looks Hardin in the eye and cocks his rifle, but before he can fire, Lowes appears and shoots the killer dead. Later, the secret court continues in Caulfield's study but Hardin's seat is empty. Instead, he and Lowes sit in a patrol car outside the house, tape recording the proceedings as future evidence for a criminal investigation.
tt0090327
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Brandon Sinclair brings out his ouija board at a party and attempts to contact David, the spirit of a dead ten-year-old boy with whom he has communicated numerous times. The spirit responds, but Jim, formerly Brandon's best friend and now nemesis, insults David, making David angry and provoking David to slash the tires of Brandon's car. The next day, Linda, Jim's live-in girlfriend, sees Brandon's ouija board (which Brandon left behind from the previous night) and tries to contact David. The spirit that appears is actually an evil being (Malfeitor) acting under the guise of David. This malicious spirit starts being nice and helpful, informing Linda where her lost diamond engagement ring is. Meanwhile, at the construction site where Jim is working, Jim's friend Lloyd is killed by the murderous spirit. Linda again contacts Malfeitorwhom she still believes to be Davidand he lies, responding that he did not cause the accident. Linda begins to fall under "progressive entrapment", in which the spirit changes and starts to terrorize the user, making the person weak and easy to possess. Brandon and Jim conduct research on David, and later accuse him of terrorizing Linda. They play with the Ouija board and discover that another spirit is frightening Linda. The same spirit then attacks and kills Brandon. Released from the hospital, Linda plays with the board but gets no response. She then takes a shower, but gets attacked by Malfeitor. She initially escapes but soon is possessed by the evil entity. The next morning, Jim returns and discovers the apartment in disarray, with Linda wearing men's formal wear and holding an firefighter's axe. Just then, Dewhurst, the detective investigating the murders he suspects were perpetrated by Jim (but were actually committed by Malfeitor), enters the apartment. He accuses Jim of hurting Linda, but quickly discovers that he is wrong as he is immediately smacked in the face with a fire poker, rendering him unconscious and causing him to drop his gun. Jim picks up the gun and shoots the board many times right before Linda pushes him out the window. The next scene is at the church at Jim and Linda's wedding. As a girl and the apartment landlady clean up the apartment, they both find the ouija board and the girl says, "Wonder if it still works?" The landlady then throws it into a box with the planchette. The camera then zooms to "yes" on the board as the planchette moves to it by itself.
tt0094155
Comedy,Drama
In 1963 Baltimore, Maryland, Bill "B.B." Babowsky (Richard Dreyfuss) is a door-to-door aluminum siding salesman for the Gibraltar Aluminum Company. Ernest Tilley (Danny DeVito) works for rival company, Mason Dixon Aluminum Siding, although the two have never met. Both "tin men," as workers in the aluminum siding trade deem themselves, frequently resort to illegal scams to convince homeowners to purchase aluminum siding. B.B rewards his latest sales success by purchasing a new baby blue Cadillac Coup de Ville with his large commission payment. As he backs it out of the dealership's lot, Tilley crashes his own yellow Cadillac into the back of B.B.'s new car. Both of them blame each other for the accident even though Tilley was at fault, which results in him driving away... causing $600 worth of damage. B.B. vows revenge. That night, B.B. spots Tilley's Cadillac parked outside a bar and smashes the headlights. As B.B. drives away, Tilley promises retaliation. The next day, Tilley goes to the Gibraltar Aluminum Company's parking lot and smashes the windows of B.B.'s car with a crowbar. That evening, the two spot each other in a crowded bar and go outside to fight. However, when police drive by, they decide not to fight. B.B. learns about Tilley being married and plans to seduce Tilley's wife, Nora (Barbara Hershey), and flirts with her at a grocery store. Starved for romance, the neglected Nora is excited by his attention and agrees to go out on a date with him, telling Tilley that she is going out with a friend. Later, Nora tells a co-worker at her office job that she wants to know if her marriage to is as good as it gets, and wants to compare him to another man. B.B. takes Nora to his apartment where they dance together, kiss, and finally make love. Afterward, B.B. telephones Tilley at a bar and brags that he just slept with his wife. Furious, Tilley rushes home, and throws all Nora's belongings out the window. Nora arrives to find her clothes on the lawn, and returns to B.B.'s apartment, asking to stay with him for a few days. Eventually, Nora gets on B.B.'s nerves. He goes to the Social Security office where Nora works, intending to break up with her, but is moved when she confesses that she truly cares for him. At the Pimlico Race Track, B.B. and Tilley come face to face and insult each other once more. Being a compulsive gambler, Tilley places a few horse race bets and loses every one. However, Tilley is distressed that B.B. seems to genuinely be in love with Nora. Soon after, Nora asks Tilley for a divorce. When Tilley comments about the irony of Nora falling in love with the same man who sought revenge against him, Nora is stunned at the discovery. Feeling used, she smashes her car into B.B.'s Cadillac and breaks up with him. Despite B.B.'s high sales commissions, much of that is due to his partner, Moe Adams (John Mahoney), who is considered the best "tin man" in the business. After Moe has a heart attack and announces he is leaving the business to take a less stressful job, B.B. worries about his own future. Meanwhile, Tilley is also experiencing a slump and is now the least productive employee at the company, after being a top salesman in years past. Tilley's co-worker Mouse (Bruno Kirby) is now the top seller. Tilly's boss, Wing (J.T. Walsh), loans him $2,500 out of his own pocket to cover his expenses due to Tilley's gambling problem. But then, Tilley receives a letter from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) claiming he owes $4,000 in back taxes. Indifferent, Tilley fails to respond, and the IRS seizes his house and padlocks the front door. The Maryland Home Improvement Commission begins investigating some of the illegal scams the "tin men" have been employing. When they hold hearings and call Tilley in to testify, he denies any wrongdoing. Elsewhere, B.B. catches a co-worker named Stanley (Alan Blumenfeld) stealing company files and realizes he is a mole for the commission. Ready to get out of the business now that his partner, Moe, has moved on, B.B. gives Stanley some old files detailing their scams, and tells him to do whatever he wants with them. B.B. repeatedly telephones Nora at work, but she hangs up on him. Finally, he waits outside her office and tries to apologize. He admits it was a lousy thing to sleep with her for revenge, but says they never would have met otherwise. He professes his love for her and proposes marriage. Nora accepts. B.B. later meets Tilley in a pool hall and asks him to grant Nora a divorce. Tilley offers they play a game of pool for her: If B.B. wins, then Tilley will divorce her, but if Tilley wins, B.B. will have to end his relationship with Nora. When Tilley wins the game, B.B. refuses to give up Nora. Meanwhile, Tilley's boss, Wing, gives the Home Improvement Commission officials information on scams that Tilley and his partner, Sam (Jackie Gayle), have pulled, in order to keep them from closing down his company. Wing warns Tilley that the commission will be coming after him, and apologizes for giving him up. He forgives Tilley's debt and gives him an additional $1,200 to get through the next few months. After another day or two, Tilley and B.B. are both called before the Home Improvement Commission. While waiting to testify, they make peace with each other, and Tilley wishes B.B. a happy life with Nora. After the hearing, the commission revokes both men's licenses to sell aluminum siding. While Tilley gives up his license reluctantly, B.B. does so willingly as part of his new outlook on life. When Tilley leaves, he discovers that the IRS has seized his Cadillac. B.B. approaches, takes pity on Tilley, and gives him a ride home. In the final scene, during the drive, Tilley and B.B., they discuss their own futures and talk about going into business together.
tt0079758
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Tracking two lost lumberjacks through the night, a rescue team nearly follows a hound over a cliff. Two men rappel down to retrieve the fallen hound, but they are killed. The third, hearing screams down below, rappels down to investigate, where he finds his team mates dead, only to be killed himself by an unidentified creature. Dr. Robert Verne is fed up with dealing with the squalor of city tenements. He does not feel he is making a difference. He accepts a job from the United States Environmental Protection Agency to write a report on a logging operation near the Androscoggin River in Maine. The loggers are in a dispute with the local American Indian "Opies" (i.e., "O.P.s"), the original people. Dr. Verne's wife Maggie accompanies him on the trip. She is pregnant but is apprehensive to tell her husband as he is set against having children. When they fly in, they meet a man, Travis Nelson and his two children Paul and Kathleen who are embarking on a trek into the wilderness. They also meet Bethel Isely , the director of the paper mill, who is to be their host. He tells them about his missing rescue team and lays the blame at the feet of the Opies. The latter have their own explanation: Katahdin, a vengeful spirit of the forest that has been awakened by the activities of the loggers. Isely describes Katahdin as "larger than a dragon with the eyes of a cat". As Isely drives the couple to their cabin, their path is barred by a party of Opies. They refuse to let Isely's people pass and a fight ensues between the leader of the Opies John Hawks Armand Assante and Kelso (Everett Creach), one of Isely's heavies. The heavy is armed with a chainsaw while Hawks has only a double-bit axe. The scuffle ends with Hawks laid on the ground with the chainsaw nearly at his throat. The Opies relent and let the cars pass. Verne and Maggie are visibly shocked by the incident. While fishing, Verne sees a huge salmon devour a duck. Later, after he and Maggie have eaten his catch, they are attacked in their cabin by a deranged raccoon. Verne kills it and sends a tissue sample to be tested. The next day Hawks and his wife Ramona Victoria Racimo approach Dr. Verne to put over their side of the story. If Verne is concerned about the environment then he should include the people in his assessment. Something is making the people ill: still births, mental illness and birth defects are rife. Hawks takes Verne and Maggie to the home of Hector M'Rai, Ramona's grandfather. Hector claims to have seen Katahdin and describes him as "part of everything in God's creation". Verne sees plant roots growing on the surface that should be underground; Hawk nets a bullfrog-sized tadpole from the water to show Verne; Hector has cigarette burns on his hand but feels no pain. As the evidence mounts the idyllic setting gradually takes on a sinister hue. Verne and Maggie tour the paper mill to look for incriminating evidence but the chemicals used in the processing are demonstrated to never leave the plant. Isely tells them that the water is routinely tested for purity. As they leave, however, Verne notices mercury deposits on Maggie's boots. It is a mutagen that causes birth defects and progressive nerve damage. It has long been used in logging as a fungicide because it is cheap. It will not show up in Isely's water purity tests because it sinks to the bottom. Verne needs more evidence and determines to take blood tests from the Opies. That night, the Nelson family, who have set up a camp in the woods, are suddenly assaulted by Katahdin; a ferocious bear with one of it's sides containing horribly mutated skin. The horrified Paul tries to flee, but the beast swats him into a rock, killing him. The next day as Verne and Maggie are taking blood samples, Isely and Sheriff Bartholomew Pilgrim arrive to arrest Hawks and his men whom they mistakenly believe to be the ones who killed the Nelson family. Hawks, however, escapes. Verne, Maggie and Ramona take a helicopter to the campsite to investigate the killings. Verne and Ramona find huge scratch marks on the trees while Maggie finds two mutated bear cubs trapped in a salmon poacher's net. One of the cubs is still alive and Verne is determined to save it so it can serve as empirical evidence of the contamination. However, the weather has turned and the pilot, Huntoon, refuses to take off in the high wind. They make for Hector's home and Verne sends Hawks to fetch Isely and the sheriff. Verne sets up an emergency room in one of Hector's tepees and helps the cub survive. Maggie is clearly distressed by the ordeal so Verne takes her aside and assures her that it will all be over soon. Shockingly, she reveals to him that she is pregnant and she has eaten contaminated fish like the mother of the cubs. Isely and Sheriff Pilgrim arrive and see the mutant cub. Isely is contrite, knowing that Hawks and his men weren't the killers. Hector arrives, when suddenly Katahdin attacks the camp in search of her cubs and kills everyone in sight. Everyone else seeks shelter in tunnels beneath Hector's home. All goes quiet so Pilgrim decides to check it out. He pokes his head up out of the tunnel and Katahdin kills him. The next day, the survivors make their way out of the forest. The helicopter is not an option as Huntoon was severely mauled in the beast's initial attack. Isely heads up to Mount Emery to try to reach a radio tower and call for help. Isley finds the radio tower but the monster immediately finds him and before Isley is able to call help, Katahdin kills him as well. The others find the Opie village mysteriously isolated and the Opie people gone, but take a truck and try to drive out along the winding forest road. Katahdin turns the truck over and finishes Huntoon off by devouring his head. The others run off through the forest with the beast in pursuit. They arrive at the river and swim across. The cub continues to bite Maggie but Rob pulls it off her and holds it underwater, drowning it. Hector stays behind to make Katahdin flee but fails and he is killed as well. Katahdin seems reluctant to follow them at first, but then enters the water and vanishes. They believe she drowned but then she suddenly emerges. They take shelter in a log cabin, but Katahdin tears down the walls. Maggie is knocked unconscious by debris, but Ramona is crushed. It is later revealed that she survived the incident. Verne finds a Winchester Model 1892 rifle in the cabin and shoots the monster twice with some effect. Hawks shoots arrows into Katahdin's hide until the beast sends him airborne with a mighty swat from her paws, then he lands on the ground, dead and bloodied. Verne picks up an arrow, then Katahdin hoists him up, only to be stabbed repetitively in the face and eyes until she collapses into the lake. Rob notices that the monster still moves slightly and leaps onto the beast and stabs her a few more times until her corpse finally sinks below the water. Verne and Maggie fly over the forest the next day, but not knowing that there is another mutant animal still alive in the forest.
tt0092834
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
At his engagement party, Jim Sanders (Michael E. Knight) seems not so sure about his engagement to Patty Winston (Phoebe Cates), a wealthy girl whose father Ed (David Dukes) is the head of a cosmetics firm. The party is cut short when 3 men enter in masks and take Jim away, throwing a grenade to the floor and sending everyone else scurrying from the vicinity. Shortly thereafter, the phone rings, and a voice claims that the grenade is a fake, infuriating Ed, and humiliating Patty. The kidnappers are actually Jim's friends, who shanghai him and return him to his place for a bachelor party, much to his chagrin. After leaving him drunk, Jim wakes up when a noise startles him, and going out back, he finds a woman with angel wings face-down in his pool. Taking her inside, Jim is now certain that she is a for-real angel, and notes that she appears to have broken her wing. The angel appears inquisitive but can't seem to speak except in a series of squawks and high-pitched squeals. The next day, Jim is surprised when his friends come over, and upon seeing the angel, begin to persuade Jim that he should exploit her for profit. Jim quickly kicks them out, but not before the three decide to proceed with their scheme without him. Patty also shows up soon after, but on seeing the Angel (but not seeing her wings), assumes that Jim has been two-timing her and leaves. Later that evening, Patty's father comes to see Jim about his daughter, but finds himself also enchanted by the angel. Her face soon causes him to consider trying to blackmail Jim to having her be his cosmetics company's spokeswoman (of which Patty's has currently been assigned, but has caused company profits to drop). In order to get the angel from Jim, his friends arrange for him to meet with Patty over a reconciliation. This buys them enough time to steal the angel away, while also rousing Patty's ire as Jim rushes off to save the angel. Jim manages to catch up to them the next day before they can reveal her to a press conference, and drives off with her. Soon, a search is made, but noone knows where Jim has gone. Secretly, Jim returns to a wooded area he knew as a kid, where he intends to help the angel mend her wing. Eventually, the others find Jim in the woods, from Ed, to Jim's friends (and his Dad), along with Patty, who has now become a murderous psycho intending to kill the angel. However, the angel soon reveals that her wing has since mended, and frightens off Ed and Patty, before ascending into the sky. In the aftermath, Jim collapses to the ground, and his friends and his Dad rush him to a hospital. It soon is reported that Jim had a cerebral hemorrhage, and may not survive. As he lays in the hospital bed, the angel appears to him, and Jim remarks that he thinks he knows why she landed near his house: she was meant to take him in death. The next day, Jim's friends enter, but are soon shooed away by a blonde-haired nurse, who claims that Jim needs rest. As they look at her, a familiar look crosses their face. Once they leave the room, the nurse turns to Jim, and we see that it is the angel, who has become human due to being on 'good behavior.' She also claims that she and Jim will have a long and happy life together.
tt0097458
Drama
Joe Slovak (Modine) is a brilliant first-year med student whose nonconformist approach to life is tested when he enrolls in gross anatomy, the toughest course in med school. Joe's freewheeling, independent style creates funny moments in the classroom, but puts him at odds with his demanding professor (Christine Lahti), who questions whether her class "rebel" has what it takes to be a doctor. Meanwhile, Joe falls in love with his lab partner Laurie (Daphne Zuniga), who won't let anything, especially romance, interfere with her plans. And while Joe's never done anything by the book, he proves he does have what it takes to succeed - without changing his ways! [D-Man2010]
tt0100442
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Aloysius "Al" Reilly (Hutton) is a young assistant district attorney, still wet behind the ears. He is handed a case by homicide chief Kevin Quinn, an inquiry into a shooting by NYPD detective Mike Brennan (Nolte). Brennan is something of a legend in the department. A tough, crude, decorated officer, he has a hidden dark side as well as a partnership with certain figures of organized crime. Brennan shoots and kills a small-time Puerto Rican hood and then threatens witnesses to testify that he acted in self-defense. Reilly's case leads him to a Puerto Rican crime boss by the name of Roberto Texador (Assante), nicknamed "Bobby Tex," whose wife Nancy Bosch was once the love of Reilly's life. It results in violent confrontations between Texador, Reilly and the rogue cop Brennan.
tt0100666
Adventure,Comedy,Sci-Fi
So happens that a race of aliens is invading galaxies, but their most recent concern is causing too many casualties. The emperor has signed a new high almiral to command the troops, and this one says to three of his generals that he won't accept any deviation from the plan, and that a kind of machine/monster called a disciplinary drone is going to watch any rebellious act in every single ship of the fleet. One of the generals complains on the spot, and on the spot is he killed. The two other generals decide to obey without questioning. Cut to Earth, in a small town in Illinois called Big Bean, where a new off-ramp has just started working. It's a quiet place, and the sheriff Sam (Douglas Barr) and his deputy Russell (Fred Applegate) take it easy, until a crazy old man Wrenchmüller (Royal Dano) walks by the sheriff carrying a shotgun. He gives it to the sheriff, but it looks that it's not loaded He is angry with the company The Farmers's Trust. The president, T. W Klembecker (Gregg Berger) appears to talk to the old man. He says that he expects the sheriff to clear him of any trouble, or he'lltell the council that it's high time of finding a new sheriff. Sam asks whether Klembecker sent the infuriating letter to the man, called Mr Rendfield, and, with a smile, the CEO says that he did, and points to his very own signature. the old man will have to return the mortgage or he will lose his property to the Farmer's Trust. Rendield is looking for ammunition through all his clothes' pockets, but the sheriff will stop the fight before it begins. As soon as both men go back to their own places, Sam mutters to himself "Happy Hallowe'en". Back to the Arcturus galaxy, the aliens are losing the battle. The enforcer drone (Patrick Johnson's voice) tells them to do as intended, but the spacecraft explodes because it was following a course right into the system's sun. Sam talkes to her daughter, disguised as a kind of warrior-alien thing. The child misses terribly her mother, and looks at the photograph of herself, her mother and her father. It's Halloween's night. On the old-fashioned radio station, the DJ (Casey Sander), sets a vinyl record of The War of the Worlds, narrated by Orson Wells. Meanwhile, Renfield is welcome home by his dog, and five aliens get lost from the fleet in their spaceship. They get wind of the radio station's narration, so the broadcast leads them to Earth. Three old people, including an elderly lady (Rose Parenti), and an elderly man (Hal Ridlle), and an old wisecracker, (Glen Vernon) are listening attentively to the broadcasting. They laugh about the martians arriving and conquering Earth. Kathy (Ariana Richards) doesn't want to join the party. Russell Winsbury broadcasts himself doing his usual things - which amount to not a lot - live on the internet. The man about to be dispossessed is sad, feeds his dog and looks to the window, while the martians' spaceship falls to the ground, with the Martians screaming like crazy - or laughing. Russell's alarm goes off, and he shits himself while he sees the spaceshift flashing by. The three old people also watch it. The martians land on the haystack of the man with a shotgun. The martians feel that their true mission is to conquer that new world. They use crazy disguises. Captain Bipto (Jimmy Brisco and Jeff Winklins' voice) thinks that this is a bad idea, but the drone thinks it's what they should do. They think that an ordinary road is a minefield. The use a small robot to explode them, but a car flasses by and runs over one of them. Kathy sits outside, bored to death, disguised as a savage alien. Brian (J. J. Anderson), disguised as a duck which has caused his mother lots of effort to make, comes out to talk with her. They shake hands and introduce each other. Klembecker goes to the oil station with a girl. The attendant smiles to him, and whild cleaning the car, he mentions that it looks that he's hit something. As usual, Klembecker despises everybody and talks down to everybody. The alien arrive to the children party. The adult in charge, Mrs Vanderspool (Patrika Darbo) doesn't pay any attentoin to the aliens, as she thinks that they are cool disguises. Kathy sees the alien robot, and thinks it's cool. Vanderspool force the aliens to get into her van and takes everybody trick-or-treating. The oil station attendant is playing with his monster models, dreaming of makind the fields profitable again, and kicking Klembecker out of town, and doesn't realise that the alien commander is behind him. The commander makes him his robot. Captain Bipo cannot contact the rest of the invading force, and wants to terrify humans so that ghey give up. Kathy holds and caresses the robot minefinder, which is nice and sensitive. The kid dresses as a clown (Barry O'Neill), the kid dressed as a pig (Adam Hansley) and some more go trick-or-treating. The pilot finds a snack in the haystack, while the old man and his dog take photographs of one of the martians, or try to. One of the aliens shoot a missile and Vanderpool gets angry at them. Kathy says that they are their cousins from California, but that she didn't say that beause she didn't know they were going to be any trouble. Kathy did that because she liked the small robot, who showed her a beautiful picture of their planet. The alien insults Vanderpool calling her fat, so she puts all the aliens out of the car. Kathy decides to go with down and the robot. Vanderpool lets her because she says that her father's car is around the corner. Brian can't believe her, although he realises that something weird is happening. Russell finds the alien in the spacecraft, who tries to fine him and give him a ticket. The alien hits Russel with a haystack. On the radio, The War of the Worlds goes on. The drone threatens the pilot with killing him if he doesn't move on fast. The drone hides after shooting the alien. Wrenchmüller takes a picture of Russel instead of the aliens. Everybody laughs at Wrenchmüller, who takes the hurt alien in his picktruck, to show everybody. Somebody dressed as a clown (Jim Eusterman), laughs abut Wrenchmüller's telling them that the Martians are coming. The sheriff and Russel tell everybody that the Martians are invading them. Vanderpool says that the aliens look exactly like Sam's nephews, but Sam says that he's got no nephews at all. He's more worried when Vanderpool tells him that Kathy is with them. Brian shouts that the aliens are there. He traps one, hitting him in the head. The aliens wreck the shop Ed's, and say that they are going to kill everybody. However, the pilot alien has just run away, as it was not quite dead. One of the aliens takes Brian to their spaceshift. As soon as they leave, the drone appears, slowly floating by. The mayor of the city gets pissed because the aliens blew the new road. The citizens run around like hens without heads although the sheriff tries to calm them down. Kathy is hidden and sees the aliens' plans. She asks the robot whether he wants to conquer the world as well, and the robot just shrugs his "shoulders". The aliens fire at a reservoir. The drone appears, while wheat is everywhere and buries the aliens. Kathy takes her friend robot with her. The robot tells Kathy that they landed on Wrenchmuller's field, and they go there. The drone goes after them. The pilot alien makes a deal with Brian at the spacecraft. The aliens talk to the radio DJ, who tells them that the invasion is over. The DJ tells them that all the Martians died, and that the birds ate them. He sneezes, and the aliens panic, as they think they will die because of the virus. They decide to go back to their spaceshift and leave for their asteroid, where it'll be nice and quiet. The auto-pilot sets itself off. The drone and the robot also come back to the call of the alarm bell. Wrenchmuller tries to blow the spaceship. He blinds the pilot with his camera, pushing Brian away. He turns off his dynamite. Brian takes car of Wrenchmuller's dog. The spaceship flies, but it just has to make an emergency landing. Now everybody tries to get to the spacecraft in time. Russel and Sam take care of Brian, while the spaceship is out of control, jumping like a frog from one place to another. The robot arrives there and has to say goodbye to Kathy. The robot panics when it sees the drone. Kathy enters the craft in panic. The drone bamps onto the spaceship, which jumps again. The three other aliens arrive, demanding that the pilot fix the spacecraft. Wrenchmuller trembles and trembles, and by mistake, they put his dinamite onto the engine, making the craft jump again. At that moment, all the townspeople arrive in cars ans with shotguns. They shoot it and almost aim at Kathy, who is between the devil and the blue sea. The aliens think t hat the humans are much more advanced militarily. They want to use the DOD, which will explode the Earth. Kathy tells the robot that, if his friends blow up the Earth, she will never speak to him again. The aliens tell the towncitizens to surrender or die. They think they will survive the explosion, but the humans ask them whether they think their spaceship will also be destroyed. The silly aliens just blow the ring anyway, but the robot makes it malfunction. Kathy leaves and hugs Russel. Brian hugs Kathy as well. Wrenchmuller stops trembling and leaves the spaceship exhausted. There is a lot of confusion among the villagers, and they don't realise that Vern (Wayne Alexander) is still possessed by an alien. Russel finds something weird. The drone is still alive somehow. Kathy tells San not to call the army, because the aliens are not really bad, only stupid. But Sam only cares about his badge - something which Kathy holds agains him. Sam realises that Vern is still acting weirdly. The aliens sing around a bonfire. The robot visits Kathy. One of the aliens has a nightmare, acting like Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz and repeats "There's no place like home" over and over again, while hitting his shoes together. Kathy has the idea of using the reservoirs to make the aliens go back to their planet. She and Brian go to the place to help the aliens. Wrenchmuller follows Vern. Sam is taken as a madman by the army operator. Brian tells Wrenchmuller not to interfeer with their building plans. Wrenchmuller wants to help. Kathy tells his annoyed father that they only want to come back home, leaving the planet unscattered. Kathy mentions a diversion the aliens have just thought of. Vern drives a kind of transformer-robot. Vern faces the townspeople. 12 minutes to the end of the world. All the aliens are reunited. Wrenchmuller wants to blow the aliens, telling them that dinamite will clean everything. They aliens bade goodbye to Vern, who tries to seduce Klembecker's girl. Kathy tries to convince the drone that he can't kill the aliens, or that will be the end of Earth. The drone lets them go. The robot wants to stay with Kathy, but she says that their love is impossible. The pilot alien gives a remote control to Kathy. The drone wants the aliens out so that he can destroy the planet. Wrenchmuller says that he agrees with the drone's plan, and that he's gonna give a present to the drone, in sign of the submission of the planet. Wrenchmuller gives some dynamite to the drone, and takes a photograph fo the drone being blown up. The drone is nomore, and the aliens leave for home. They all help the aliens to go home. The plan seems to work, but they finally go by leaving behind everything they can. They throw a kind of green dust. In the morning, the company Klem-Co arrives to put Wenchmuller out. He is happy because he's reunited with his dog at last. Kathy and Sam are sad about the situation. Wrenchmuller throws the keys. The green dust has created big vegetables.
tt0099691
Drama,Music
The nightclub scene in Minneapolis since the events in Purple Rain has centered on an area called Seven Corners, which houses four venues: the Clinton House, owned by George (George Clinton); an eponymous club belonging to Melody Cool (Mavis Staples) who is raising a son, Tevin (Tevin Campbell); the Glam Slam, which the Kid (Prince) oversees, and Pandemonium, run by Morris (Morris Day). At a meeting with his sidekick Jerome (Jerome Benton) and members of the Time who serve as enforcers, Morris announces a game he wants to play called See How They Run, in an attempt to bogart (monopolize) control of all the clubs. The owner of the club First Avenue died and left an even split of interest in the Glam Slam between the power-hungry Morris and the Kid, so Morris tends to focus on ousting his rival. Terry (Terry Lewis) speaks on behalf of the other enforcers, saying if Morris is going to make more money, they also want a larger cut of the profit. Morris responds by challenging Terry to eat a whole, extremely hot chili pepper. Morris starts by easily biting off a pepper nearly to its stem, then passes the jar to Terry, who eats a pepper but cant tolerate its heat and makes a hasty exit, losing the bet for his friends. Meanwhile the Kid is in his living space below the stage at the club, and his obsession with writing music is keeping him awake, so he gets out of bed, leaving Jill (Jill Jones) alone so he can sit and compose on his computer. She has had enough of living with a musician, and his particularly quirky lifestyle, and announces she is leaving him, saying Morris has offered her a job at his club which will pay better. A feather floats from the sky, and a woman named Aura (Ingrid Chavez) appears seemingly from nowhere. In her thoughts she asks Heaven why she has been sent there. The enforcers have planted a mild explosive at the Glam Slam, and the blast brings the Kid upstairs to see the damage, which is minor and doesnt seem to deter him. Morris arrives at Seven Corners angry because the Glam Slam is still standing, but makes a grand entrance while his girlfriend and lead dancer Robin (Robin Power) stands with the crowd. A puddle separates Morris from the curb, so Jerome approaches Robin, pulls off her dyed fur cape and sets it on the water for Morris to deliberately step on as he passes. He enters the Glam Slam and the Kid plays a synthesized fanfare to announce his arrival to the audience. Morris reads him off because he is not happy with the more spiritual musical themes the Kid prefers to perform. Everybody in the audience laughs at the intruders until Morris and the Time turn a recorded piece of their banter into a complete song and commandeer the stage from the Kid and his band. The band members are embarrassed by being upstaged in their own club, and watch helplessly as the club patrons head to Pandemonium. Morris touches a plant on the floor and says it feels thirsty, so he and Jerome tease the Kid by singing the alphabet song and, when they reach the letter P, urinate on the plant and then set it on fire. The Kid rides to a popular spot called Graffiti Bridge and sees Aura, but they do not talk to each other. Instead, he returns to the club thinking about her and a message haunting him that something is "just around the corner." he starts to paint the lyrics on a brick wall near the back entrance to the club, but stops. Morris is angry that the Kid is usurping power he wants, and Robin is angry at him for ruining her cape and reminds him that she helped fund Pandemonium. The enforcers arrive with money collected from the other clubs, noting that George might be holding out and the Kid should have a light evening with little income. He is performing a spiritual pop number and few patrons stay to enjoy it, but those who do are completely absorbed by the message of peace and love. Aura leaves the club to write poetry at the bridge, while the Kid mentally writes a letter to his now deceased father, noting he is curious about Aura and has visited his mother, who is institutionalized. Tevin draws the Kid out to watch him and his crew perform, and an appreciative audience throws money, which Melody encourages him to collect after he tells her there are twenty dollar bills among the tips. Jill walks by, and the band members tell the Kid she is now working at Pandemonium. When he asks about her relationship with Morris, she silently reaches up her skirt and removes her panties, leaving them on the ground as she walks away with contempt. Aura is still sitting at Graffiti Bridge writing poetry when Morris and Jerome drive in. Morris asks Jerome to set up a meeting with her while he leans against the vehicle with his hand deliberately poised at his fly. Once Jerome has introduced himself, Aura asks him if Morris needs a restroom, and he replies that Morris is posing by the Porsche, but she is not impressed. Morris behaves rudely, but she rides back to Pandemonium with him, certain he has redeeming qualities. He plies her with alcohol at the club, while Jill is given her shot at performing. The band members drag the Kid to the club, telling him Morris has a new girl who might be better suited for him. Meanwhile Aura is acting as if she is inebriated while trying to win over Morris, thinking over what to say and do to sway him. Robin, feeling she is being replaced, storms out. Morris and Jerome lure Aura into the car and take her home, and the Kid follows on his cycle. Morris sets a sleepy Aura onto the couch and tells Jerome she will awaken and fall in love with the first face she sees. The Kid slips into the room and blows out the single lit candle, carrying her away as the room goes dark. Morris decides he wants to touch Aura and then tells Jerome that she seems to have a hairy chest as they fumble for the lights. Only Jerome and Morris are in the room when the lights come on, sitting on the same couch, and they realize to their disgust that they were touching each other. The Kid carries Aura back to the Glam Slam and, while he puts her to bed, imagines a love scenario with her, but he does not touch her. In the morning she awakens and the Kid draws a simple game of hangman on a pad, but she simply runs the alphabet until she loses. When he fills out the answer (mine), which is really a question about their relationship, she says no and points skyward, saying she is His. She looks over the songs on his sheet music and warns not to get too close to her as she will not be staying long. Morris becomes short tempered with everybody after the mayor calls about a payoff, and he grumbles to Jerome that he grew up in a family that had nothing and he intends to keep what he has. Jerome challenges his authority, and they launch into a contest in which they dole out their paper money bill for bill to determine who has the most. It appears to be a draw until Morris pulls a bill from a hidden compartment in his shoe. The Kid tells Aura he hopes for a sign that everything will be okay. As they embrace, he says nothing matters anymore. They spend the day together. When he says he feels nobody likes his music, Aura tells him he loses nothing by believing. Encouraged by her support and wanting to end the rivalry, the Kid goes to Pandemonium and challenges Morris to a battle of the bands for control of the Glam Slam. After hurling a few insults, Morris agrees. Back at the Glam Slam, the Kid rests and questions how much more he can take from Morris in another imagined letter to his father. The enforcers enter the club and wreck the instruments and sound boards to cripple the band. The night of the battle, Aura tells Jerome she will do whatever it takes to make Morris stop, while the Time take the stage for a rousing number. The Kid and the band arrive outside and set up with their few intact instruments and pyrotechnics, drawing the patrons from Pandemonium to hear his song, which is filled with sexual innuendo. Ultimately it is not considered a match for the style of Morris and his band. Aura worries the Kid will sink into despair as he smashes a guitar through a window in front of his club and rides off, heading to the bridge. Aura catches up with him and sees he is depressed. She shows him her poetry and tells him not to give up. Morris begins to compose his takeover letter to the other club owners but is interrupted by Robin, who asserts herself as his number one woman, strips down to a thong and leather wear revealing a strong dancing body, turns on strobe lights and appears to be about to work him over like a dominatrix for selecting Aura over her, and he seems to break the cinematic fourth wall to announce a commercial break as the screen goes black. The enforcers start to work out their plan to take full control of all the clubs for Morris by having the owners sign over their deeds, but Melody Cool stands her ground with the help of Aura and a mass of friends, including the Kid. The enforcers proceed to work over George, but the Kid warns him not to sign. In the chaos the feather, which has always floated freely if Aura was not holding it in her hand, suddenly rises on the wind, and Aura heeds its call as if in a trance. She reminds the Kid not to give up, then as the bouncer for George (Scott Parham) makes off with the deed for the club before the enforcers can take it and speeds out in a jeep, Aura walks into its path and is killed instantly. The vehicle crashes into the front of the Glam Slam. An ambulance takes Aura away, and as the two sides face each other in a silent standoff, Morris asks the Kid how he wants to die. Feeling he has lost everything and everyone who mattered to him, the Kid goes to Graffiti Bridge with a handgun, prepared to commit suicide as his father had, but he envisions Aura from their time together, reminding him that he would win if he would not give up. He drops the gun and returns to Seven Corners. The Time put together a celebratory concert on a float outside Pandemonium, but nobody attends, as they are joining the Kid in singing and dancing to a religious ballad he is performing using the words he had been hearing when Aura arrived ("It's just around the corner"). A choir joins him in song. Robin pleads with Morris to give the Kid his club, and finally he enters the Glam Slam to concede, and they embrace. As he leaves and the group starts to restore the club, Morris notices his skillet has been painted over, but Robin will not let him take action on it. She takes him home to Pandemonium to give him her own brand of consolation. On the wall outside the club, the Kid has painted the title lyrics about finding Graffiti Bridge.
tt0314166
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The film begins with several shots of Hillwood showing the kids having fun and adults doing their usual routine until Sid notices construction workers demolishing a house. Arnold and Gerald are then seen walking back to the boarding house with a popped basketball after being beaten by 5th graders at a game. Before Arnold walks into the boarding house, he sees several of his neighbors making a fuss about something. One of the gathered neighbors Mr. Green, explains the commotion. He states that Mr. Scheck, the CEO of a real estate company called Future Tech Industries or FTi, wants to buy all the houses in Arnold's neighborhood so the urban development firm can convert them into a futuristic mall. According to the news, Mayor Dixie is already approving plans for the mall. This means that Arnold's neighborhood will be destroyed and everyone who lives there has to move away (which would also mean Helga would not see Arnold again or express her feelings to him). The neighbors state that they should do something about this. During the night, Helga discovers that her dad, Big Bob Pataki, is working with Nick Vermicelli (who had worked with Bob on previous occasions). Bob is revealed to be planning to build a store in Scheck's mall called "Big Bob's Super Beeper Emporium." Helga points out to her dad that people are going to suffer if he builds his store. However, Bob counters by saying that if they leave the neighborhood alone, his store will not exist. He also insists that change is good (as does Scheck at various times in the film) and states that when his store is built, their family will be rich and Helga will be able to buy anything. The next morning, FTi puts up a huge electronic billboard across the street from the boarding house that shows the number of days until construction begins as well as several Future tech Industries ads featuring Scheck stating "Out with the old, in with the new," "Change is good," and "I've seen the future, and the future is Future Tech Industries." Arnold rallies the neighborhood and hosts "Blockapalooza," a block party held to protest against FTi. However, the permit allowing them to close a public street was stolen by Scheck's employees, and Blockapalooza was declared illegal. Arnold's grandmother was jailed for being hostile to the police suppressing the rally. She tries breaking out but keeps getting caught. As demolition day closes in, Gerald tells Arnold to stop looking on the bright side of things and that you cannot always win. Later, Arnold sees how this will effect the citizens as he sees the friendship between Sid and Stinky and the relationship between Mr. Green and his shop and how this will destroy his business. Later on, as the boarders begin packing, Grandpa tells Arnold the history of the boarding house, stating that it was first built in the 1700's and it was the site of the "Tomato Incident" (a parody of the Boston Tea Party) during the Revolutionary War. The residents at that time angry over the increase in British taxes for tomatoes. The locals fought the British soldiers by hitting them with the tomatoes, sending them running. Arnold realizes that if he can find a document proving the event happened, then the neighborhood will be declared a historical site and cannot be demolished. With Gerald reluctantly tagging along, Arnold manages to trace the document to FTi, though Scheck denies ownership of the document. Just as Arnold and Gerald are about to give up hope, the boarding house telephone rings, and a mysterious individual named "Deep Voice" reveals that Scheck is lying and the document is hidden in his vault, which Vermicelli has the key to. Gerald suggests going to a woman named Bridget who can provide them with the proper gadgets to do the job and sneak the key away from Vermicelli. Arnold and Gerald, now secret agents, follow Vermicelli to a bar, where they disguise themselves as employees. Arnold and Gerald use one of the gadgets to listen to what Vermicelli is saying. Vermicelli's voice is heard over the speakers, and people are confused and wonder about the key that Vermicelli had mentioned. Vermicelli gets angry and accidentally spills his drink. He demands that Arnold and Gerald clean up his mess and replace his drink. Arnold's fake mustache almost slips off, nearly revealing him to be a kid. They walk away, and before Vermicelli can figure out who they are, they leave the bar. Arnold and Gerald follow Vermicelli to his home outside of Hillwood and stay on top of his roof until he eventually falls asleep. Arnold straps himself to a rope to swing down and sneak the key. Gerald is holding on to it, but let's go when his watch beeps. Arnold almost falls down, but Gerald grabs it just in time. Vermicelli wakes up when Arnold's sweat touches his forehead, but luckily, he thinks that Arnold is an angel and goes back to sleep. Arnold gets the key and they leave the rooftop. Deep Voice gives them a call and gives them more information on what they need to do. The bus picks them up and they head to FTI. Big Bob, having read the fine print of his contract, finds that Scheck had taken control of 51% percent of his company in exchange for the right to build his beeper emporium, and takes his anger out on Vermicelli. They engage in a small fight before Bob is dosed in pickle juice (reminiscent of the Hulk) and knocked out. Vermicelli then realizes that the key was gone and alerts Scheck. Meanwhile, Grandpa Phil and the men at the boarding house are trying to develop a backup plan just in case Arnold fails to get the document. They have several ideas, but fight on their weaknesses. However, Phil gets an idea that works. They plan to wire the sewer tunnels beneath their street with dynamite. They would then ignite it and blow a huge hole in the ground so the Future Tech workers would fall in. Arnold and Gerald infiltrate the FTi building and locate several different vaults. When they finally unlock the right vault, they find the document missing. Scheck comes up from behind them, with the document in his hand. He reveals that his ancestor, who was the German leader of the British forces, was humiliated by the Tomato Incident. For generations, Scheck's family has been planning on regaining control of the city and get revenge against the boarders. Scheck then burns the document in front of them. His bodyguards then arrive to detain Arnold and Gerald, who manage to escape and split up. When Arnold is just about to give up hope, he receives another call from Deep Voice, and remembers that FTi has cameras everywhere. He manages to get a video of Scheck burning the document. However, security forces arrive, forcing Arnold to hide on the roof. Meanwhile, Gerald searches for a cab to take them back to the neighborhood. Arnold is then contacted by Deep Voice once again, who is then revealed to be Helga, who, after some pressing from Arnold, confesses her romantic feelings for him and kisses him at the top of the tower. They escape the building and meet Gerald on a city bus. But the driver Murray is unwilling to speed up until he realizes that his former flame lives near Arnold and that her house is going to be demolished. They then ensue into a high speed chase to get back to the neighborhood before Scheck, who is chasing after them in his car and trying to kill our heroes in anyway possible to prevent them from stopping his plans. Scheck tells his workers to let up the bridge so the bus can't cross, but they make the leap, and Murray becomes unconscious. Murray's foot is stuck on the gas pedal. Arnold tells Gerald that he must drive. Though reluctant at first, Gerald eventually is convinced that he must drive it, while Arnold and Helga control the other gears. They almost run over man walking across the street. Phil and the others are waiting with their explosives for FTi to begin taking the neighborhood down. The FTI workers are going to destroy the neighborhood with people still there and inside the buildings. Big Bob is in the area and discovers Phil's plan. Although Bob states they could do some serious jail time, he decides to help because Vermicelli double-crossed him. Meanwhile, Vermicelli's workers blow up the overpass to prevent Arnold, Gerald, Helga, and Murray (who is unconscious at the time) from getting to the neighborhood. However, a truck on the freeway that had a ramp on the back was stopped near the edge. The quartet ride the bus over the truck's ramp to jump the hole and make it to 33rd Street. Back at the neighborhood again, Grandma (who has escaped from jail) hijacks one of the bulldozers and destroys the rest. Soon, a rogue bulldozer and the city bus that Arnold, Gerald, and Helga are on collide. The three kids come out okay a few moments later. Mayor Dixie arrives and Bridget gives Arnold a VCR to show the tape of Scheck burning the document. Bridget hooks it up to the big Scheckivision screen and Arnold shows Mayor Dixie the tape, who then proceeds to claim the neighborhood as a historical landmark. The citizens of the neighborhood cheer for Arnold and Gerald for their bravery and for saving the neighborhood. Scheck then arrives but is dismayed by the incriminating evidence. He gets into his car and tries to run over Arnold and Gerald, only to find that Grandma stripped his car of its wheels. He is then arrested for his crimes and Big Bob gets in another fight with Vermicelli, knocking him out. Arnold's neighbor Harold is exhausted because the exploding freeway woke him up. He sits down on the button that ignites Phil's explosives. The explosives beneath the streets ignite, destroying the FTi billboard. Phil and the boarders run away from the police, and Murray reunites with his ex-girlfriend Mona. As Arnold and Helga watch them, they begin talking about the events of that night and agree that it was all "in the heat of the moment." (As neither of the two were ready to deal with the fallout of the confession.) Arnold and Gerald do their handshake and talk about how they saved the neighborhood. Arnold reminds Gerald that their ball is flat, but Gerald tells him that it's just a little low on air. Arnold questions Gerald's positivity, and Gerald tells him that somebody had to do it, just like Arnold said to him at the beginning of the film. The movie ends with Helga running cheerfully as Eugene sings a song about the neighborhood being saved, but Gerald interrupts the song and tells him that the show is over.
tt0107875
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Princess Irene and her newfound friend Curdie battle the goblin king and queen, along with their foul son Prince Froglip, and save the kingdom with old mining knowledge, some thread, and the help of Irene's magical great-great grandmother.
tt0105824
Action,Drama,Sport
"Wind" depicts the struggle between young recreational sailor Will Parker's (Matthew Modine) ambition and his love for Kate Bass (Jennifer Grey) in the context of the America's Cup sailing competition, inspired by the real-life events surrounding the first time the American sailing team lost the America's Cup. The opening scene is a seductive portrait of the couple, with Will daydreaming about sailing victories and Kate sunning au naturel on the beach in a pristine cove with emerald water. Will is invited to join legendary American skipper Morgan Weld's (Cliff Robertson) racing team to train and compete in the annual international regatta, the America's Cup. Will invites Kate to come with him and she agrees, swept away with his passion, herself a capable sailing enthusiast and aeronautical engineering graduate student. As Will moves up the ranks in the exclusive boys club of the elite sailing world it is clear that Morgan Weld has big plans for him. The Americans have held the America's Cup title since the regatta began and Morgan has no intention of losing it to his rival, the cocky Australian skipper Jack Neville (Jack Thompson). The physical training for the race proves Will's worth and Morgan promotes him to skipper of the secondary boat. Will and Kate's romance continues to flourish as Will offers to make her a part of his sailing team, an otherwise all male contingent. Kate puts her academic career on hold and joins Will's team, staying to potentially compete in the regatta. Trouble comes for Will and Kate when Morgan promotes Will to tactician for the lead boat, Radiance, with Morgan as skipper. Morgan also makes it clear that none of his boats are any place for a woman and that Will must kick his girlfriend off the team in order to maintain the necessary chemistry between the crewmembers. It is clear that Kate is a part of the team and the older Morgans chauvinist attitudes prompt her to question her reasons for staying. After a lovers quarrel, Kate leaves Will and the regatta to return to her aeronautical engineering career. The final face-off between the Americans and the Australians has the American boat in the lead as the teams prepare to pass the last mark and head back down the home stretch. Just as Morgan starts to think he has got the Australian team beat, a problem with the main sail appears and forces one of the crew to the top of the mast to fix it. Morgan, determined not to give up any ground to Jack Neville, sacrifices his crewmember at the top of the mast and Will looks on horrified as is teammate is battered against the mast by the wind and the movement of the boat on the waves. Morgan and Will argue over the best line to follow while tacking around the final buoy and the Radiance collides with the actual mark. The regatta rules require the Americans to circle back around and make a clean pass around the buoy, barely avoiding giving up the lead to the Australians in the process. Will knows the importance of making sure that the Radiance doesn't fall into the wind shadow of Jacks Australian boat or the Radiance will lose all her power, but Morgan ignores his tacticians advice and the Australians overtake the Radiance to defeat the Americans, stealing the title from the Americans for the first time since the race's inception. Six months later, Will tracks down Kate in Deadman's Flats, Arizona, where she has been working on aeronautical research with Joe Heiser (Stellan Skarsgard), another aeronautical engineer and mathematician. Will quickly learns that Kate and Joe's relationship is not a strictly professional one. Will stays, though, and forms an uncommon bond with Joe. Joe convinces Will to help him build a boat to compete in the next year's America's Cup, using Will's lifelong dream in order to make a name for himself as a boat designer and engineer. Will attempts to gain Morgan Weld as a financial back for the endeavor, but is rejected by a now deranged and unstable Morgan. Will does find an ally, and intimate partner, in Morgan's adult daughter, Abigail Weld, but his feelings towards Kate remain the same. The foursome of Will, Joe, Abigail and Kate are somehow able to muster the financial and engineering resources to build a sloop worthy of competing in the America's Cup, to reclaim the title from the Australians. After several hard-fought battles, the Americans, under skipper Will Parker, face-off for a second time against Jack Neville and the Australians in the final race of the Americas Cup. Will has replaced his tactician with Kate after a judgment error of the former one cost the Australians their mast and the Americans the previous race. Despite Jack Neville's underhanded tactics, Will and Kate manage to beat the odds with the American team and reclaim the Americas Cup title in an epic set of final scenes, rekindling their old flame as their shared dream of winning the Americas Cup comes true. The thinly veiled commentary on ambition, love and individualism in the face of tradition and the world's greatest boat race all come together in the final celebrations by the Americans, appropriately ending as it began with a simple scene of Will and Kate holding hands against a backdrop of waves crashing on a beach.
tt0327409
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In the North Pole, a strange huge white egg-like thing is found. Some scientists take the thing to the laboratory. At first, the sceptical people are the ones who are listened to by the politicians. Dr. Kate Brecher (Janine Eser) is worried about the thing. She thinks it's not only spacial rubbish, but a kind of alien container which may become dangerous. Julian Rome (James Spader) is an expert in computer language. There are a kind of strange transmission he's getting, but he seems not to be able to crack it. A Russian submarine is in the watchout. They are approaching the polar base fast. The crew don't look happy at all. At the beginning, they think that the alien object is a kind of rock, but first results show that there is a kind of carbon alloy, which has never been seen before on planet Earth. The scientists decide to open the box with a laser beam and special machinery, like a stronger welder. At that very same moment, Julian has the idea to treat the mysterious message as a kind of labyrinth. He re-programs the computer and a new message seems to appear, repeated over and over again: the sentence DO NOT OPEN appears over and over again. Julian and Shelly Klein (Aimee Graham) run to tell the rest of the crew to leave the alien box alone, but it's too late. Something seems to be moving inside the white cocoon. As soon as he enters the huge warehouse, there is an explosion. Everything seems to blow up. When the explosion is over, they start looking around for casualties. One of the scientists says that she doesn't feel very well, and at that moment she falls to the floor, - as though she were a ragged doll - and the body gets kinda deflated. She is not the only one: two other people suffer the same almost immediate death. Dr. John Bachman (Roy Dotrice) starts wondering what the alien will do when they capture it. The lights have gone off, so they have to find the fuse in the dark, lit by weak torches. Julian's light falls to the floor. At that moment, he realises that the alien is close by. The alien moves slowly towards him. It feels attracted to the torch until it goes off. Then, the bigger-than-a-human creature faces Julian attentively. It is a wet alien, who hugs Julian's head. Julian has visions of a foreign planet. Julian and the rest of the survivors - 7 all in all - finally communicate with their base; they finally get to talk with Bachman and his advisors. They are informed that an alien contact has happened before - in Roswell, New Mexico, USA. The aliens have a virus inside of them which they are immune to, but which can kill any human almost instantly. Infection seems to spread through the air. The alien race which is inside the white cocoon is friendly, but when they tried to talk to the Martians, they killed all the civilization in that planet almost instantly. Bachman tells that the Russian submarine is approaching fast, but that the crew's orders are to contain the infection at all costs, not to rescue the remaining scientists. Bachman also admits - to Julian's question - that the aliens usually communicate through telepathy. Dr. Michael Straub (John Lynch) wants to leave the base immediately, but Julian tells him that nobody can leave the polar station until Shelly has discovered a way to detect the pathogen, fight the infection and cure it. Straub insists, so Julian ends up punching him. T. Dr. Alexi Gierach (Nikolai Binev), the pilot (Anthony Crivello) and the co-pilot (Kaloyan Vodenicharov) have just got their order. They are in shooting range of the base at the same time that some of the scientists try to run away, as Shelly has not been able to identify the pathogen in the blood of the survivors. She has the notion that the pathogen may get hidden inside the proteins and cells of the human body, but at that moment she has no clue. While they are leaving, they have to go through the underground garden in which the scientists used to grow their own vegetables. Michael touches one of the of the corn cobs, and it immediately rottens up. At that moment, he realises that all the humans inside the scientifical compound have sufferd contamination. Julian runs after Michael, who succeeds in reaching the white frozen land surrounding the building. However, there is a kind of twister of energy. It is possible - but difficult - to breathe. Michael keeps on trying to run away, so there are like two bolts of lightning which kill him off. Julian enters again in the building and he tells everybody to leave the building, walk slowly, breath calmly, and as he has just had a telepathic vision of thousands of aliens in their world, he tells everybody to join the two shadows - two aliens - who want to take them to their planet. That way, they will live in a place where there is not risk of them contaminating everything and everybody. Julian finally convinces everybody, but it looks as though Shelly is left behind. However, on the nick of time, Julian convinces her. The transparent starship leaves with all the remaining survivors. Exactly at that moment, the Russian rocket arrives to its destination, blowing everything up. There is a newscast talking about the deaths of Julian, Shelly, Kate... The president is going to make an annoucement about it. At exactly that moment, we see the alien spaceship flying away - with the surviving humans inside.
tt0272147
Action,Horror,Thriller
NOTE: Sequel to John Carpenter's Vampires (1998). Los Muertos picks up after the vampires went south into Mexico and Father Guiteau stashed the Bersier cross in a monastery. Vampire hunter Derek Bliss [Jon Bon Jovi] has been commissioned to seek and destroy some vampires in northern Mexico before they can move north to San Diego and other places in the U.S. The only problem is that the unnamed client wants to hire a team, not someone working solo. Getting together a team is a bit difficult for Derek because everyone on Chief Brody's recommended list keeps turning up dead. Father Guiteau, who was a member of the original team lead by Jack Crow, died last month. All the priests at the monastery where he moved the Bersier cross were killed by vampires only a day or two after Derek came looking for Guiteau. Eventually, Derek manages to put together a team, unlikely as it is. It consists of Zoey [Natasha Wagner] (a woman he met in a diner who was bitten by a vampire but who has been able to keep the turning in remission by taking some anti-HIV pills she got in Mexico City), Father Rodrigo[Cristian de la Fuente] (the only priest who escaped the massacre at the monastery), Sancho [Diego Luna] (a 15-year old boy who accompanied Derek on a vampire hunt and who found that he had a penchant for it), and Ray Collins [Darius McCrary] (a tall, muscular, black, ex-military, "tough as nails" guy recruited in Memphis by Brody). To help with the hunt, Rodrigo offers Derek the use of Guiteau's vampire-hunting bus, which is outfitted with all the winches and gizmos that are needed to hunt vampires (or "suckers," as the team calls them). The attack on the monastery, Rodrigo explains, was led by the new female master Una [Arly Jover] in order to get back the Bersier cross. It looks like she intends to again perform the ritual which the suckers believe will allow them to walk during the day. After meeting up with Collins in Nogales, they cross over into Mexico. Zoey, due to her blood connection with the vampires, has a vision of Una performing the ceremony, but it doesn't seem to have worked. The sun still hurts her. Given a map of Mexico, Zoey is able to pinpoint where she thinks the bloodsuckers are hiding...someplace called Salina, near some old Toltec ruins. They stop for the night to sleep, but Collins is getting claustrophobic in the little bus and chooses to sleep outside. During the night, he is, unknown to anyone, bitten by Una. The next day is spent driving further into Mexico. They know that they are getting close when they stop for gas and cold drinks and find that everyone in the diner has been slaughtered. The next morning, they near Salina. Rather than going directly to the ruins, they stop in Salina where the residents are celebrating the Day of the Dead ("Los muertos" means "the dead"). When Zoey goes to take her meds, she finds them missing and says that she must go immediately to Mexico City. Actually, Una has them, and she's downed every last one. This gives Una the ability, albeit it temporary, to move about during daylight, and she uses that opportunity to find and kidnap Zoey. Rodrigo puts 2+2 together and concludes that Una took Zoey's meds. But the only ones who had access to them were the rest of the team, so Derek holds them all at gunpoint, trying to find the culprit. Turns out that it was Collins, who is shot by an old man they just met that morning in Salina. With his dying breath, Collins reveals that the client who hired them is none other than Una. Although they now know that this entire vampire hunt is a set-up, the remaining team members plus the old man, filling in for Collins, go to the ruins to rescue Zoey. Zoey has fallen into a deep shaft and needs to be lifted out. Derek tosses her a rope, telling the old man to stay far enough behind him to watch his back while still keeping his eye on Rodrigo and Sancho, who are closer to the exit. While they are so separated, Una attacks Derek. Just as she's about to bite his neck, Fr Rodrigo offers Una a deal. Let his friends go, and he'll offer himself, as a priest, to perform the ceremony. In addition, he points out, he is also a hunter--two of the necessary elements of the ritual. Una agrees. Rodrigo stays with Una while the others go to a clinic where Zoey is transfused with blood while her infected blood is removed in hopes that this will slow her turning. Then Derek gets a brainstorm. He asks the nurse to transfuse Zoey's tainted blood into him so that he can slow his heartbeat and infiltrate the vampires without being noticed. As the sun sets, the team goes back to the ruins where the ritual is taking place. Una has slit Rodrigo's leg and drunk a cup of his blood when Rodrigo mentions that the ritual won't work because he was merely a hired hand at the monastery, not a priest at all. Ha ha, fooled you! Derek, whose plan to lurk is working, shoots several suckers, saves Rodrigo from being burned alive, and fires an arrow through Una. Unfortunately, the winch is on the fritz, and they can't pull her out into the sun.So, they fix the winch and go back into the ruins. Sancho ropes Una, Una grabs Derek, Zoey pulls both Una and Derek out into the sun, Derek shoots off Una's head, and Una burns up. [I wonder whether they'll get paid now that they've killed their client?] Epilogue: Rodrigo stays in Salina, Sancho is sent home to his mother, and Derek and Zoey drive off together into the sunset, headed for Mexico City, as they are both in need of those meds. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tt0248640
Action,Crime,Thriller
Comedy action movie: A brilliant thief, Taylor (Christian Slater) is just out of prison and back in the game. He masterminds a scheme to rob an off-track betting (OTB) operation with his new crew, only to find the $1.9 million in loot is FBI-marked. This setback gets Taylor involved with a corrupt FBI Agent Cornell (Val Kilmer) who has some schemes of his own...
tt0298482
Comedy,Fantasy
The film tells the story of two good friends and housemates, Andrew (Andrew Miller), an agoraphobic travel agent who works from his home, and Dave (David Hewlett), a loser who works in an office where he is treated with contempt. As unpleasant as their lives are, things get much worse within the span of one day: Dave is fired from his job after his girlfriend frames him for embezzlement, Andrew is falsely accused of attempted child molestation by a young girl extorting cookie sales, and both are informed by a city building inspector that their house is slated to be demolished by the end of the day to make way for a freeway expansion. Both of them hide away inside the house as police, city officials, and outraged neighbors surround it, clamoring for the two to come out. The two frantically look for some means of escape until suddenly and abruptly all goes quiet. Confused, Dave and Andrew open their front door and discover that the entire world beyond their house is gone, replaced with a featureless white void. Though initially frightened about their new circumstances Dave and Andrew take the development in stride, adapting to their new-found isolation and treating it as a much needed vacation. Eventually, after a simple test reveals that the nothingness surrounding them holds a flat, featureless, and somewhat springy surface, the two set out across the empty plane in order to explore their new surroundings, leaving a trail of household items behind as a means of finding their way back.
tt0142233
Animation,Action,Adventure
Bulma, Krillin, Oolong and Gohan are enjoying a peaceful day camping, until a massive fire breaks out in the nearby forest. Krillin and Gohan manage to put out the fire and save the animals. The next day, the group use the Dragon Radar to find the Dragon Balls. Summoning Shenron, they wish to restore the forest. Shortly after, Gohan befriends a purple dragon who they name Icarus. The next morning, the space probe which caused the fire (unbeknownst to the group) is revealed to be sent by Turles, a Saiyan who plans to plant the Tree of Might. The Tree of Might absorbs the energy of the world, bearing fruit that whoever eats it is granted immense power and strength. Recognising the Tree of Might, King Kai warns of the imminent danger and sends the Z-Fighters to find and destroy it. After firing ki attacks at the Tree of Might, which have no effect, Turles's minions appear soon after and engage the Z-Fighters in a battle. Gohan arrives with Icarus to help the Z-Fighters, who are evidently outmatched. Turles learns that Gohan is a Saiyan and appears before him. He tries to convince Gohan to join him in his quest to conquer the universe, however the young Saiyan refuses. As Turles prepares to kill Gohan, Piccolo intervenes and is blasted by a ki attack in the back from Turles, who tricks him into catching a weakened Gohan, thus letting his guard down. Seeing Gohan's tail grow back, he creates an artificial moon, causing Gohan to transform into a Great Ape. Just as Gohan begins to crush Goku, Icarus appears and calms Gohan down. After seeing this, Turles shoots Icarus, causing Gohan to go into a frenzy and attack Turles. Dodging Gohan, Turles then fires a massive energy attack at Gohan, but Goku severs his tail with a Destructo Disk, returning him to normal just in time so that the attack misses him. An enraged Goku easily kills Turles's minions and confronts him. The two Saiyans' seem to be evenly matched in the beginning, however Goku gains the upper hand soon after. A desperate Turles takes a bite of the newly grown fruit from the Tree of Might, gaining a sudden surge of power. Turles quickly overpowers Goku, but the Z-Fighters come to his aid. As they distract Turles, Goku begins to form a Spirit Bomb, at fires it at him, who responds back by shooting a ki blast that destroys the Spirit Bomb, knocking out Goku cold. Suddenly, as all hope seems lost, energy from the Tree of Might flows into Goku, allowing him to recreate the Spirit Bomb. He confronts Turles and they launch their final attacks. Goku's Spirit Bomb finally overwhelms Turles, destroying both him and the Tree of Might.
tt0098350
Adventure,Sci-Fi
A barren Earth, with rocky dry hills and a slow narrow stream of water. A female narrator voice-over says that pollution has destroyed the surface of the planet, and that the huge wind stream now rule it: the most dangerous situation is called Slipstream- it's like a river of wind. In that scenery, an airplane with a square tail is flying after Byron (Bob Peck). Soon, William "Will" Tasker (Mark Hamill) and Belitski (Kitty Aldridge) capture him. He says the renown sentences: "It's over. End of the hunt.", and makes a comment saying that Byron thought that the winds would help him. Byron says that he's heard god's voice. The two police officers take him to the small Western-like town which they are the police force of. People at the local diner wonder why Byron is so important, why there is such a big reward on his head, and even whether the charges are true at all - Byron is supposed to have killed a man. Some other people say that he's a prophet. The local canteen is a rough place. Everybody is dressed like rough cowboys, except for Byron, who dresses like a British gentleman. Petros (Alkis Kritikos) is the dirty cook there, and Abigail (Susan Leong) is the local waitress, and also the girlfriend of one of the town's rebels. Belitsky tells Matt Owens (Bill Paxton), a bounty hunter posing as a merchant, that he is scum. Belitsky and Tasker behave like they own the place, and a woman who is doing labour for life (Diana Defries) talks like a hard woman. Matt appears out of nowhere wanting to get the reward. At first Belitski and Tasker don't take him seriously, and they talk to him demissively trying to distract him. Tasker shoots a dart and he hits Matt, and tells him that it's got poison, but Matt doesn't seem to believe him. There is another diversion - a small plane crashing on them - allows Owens to take Byron away with him. On the plane, Byron doesn't talk at all while Matt feels all right and worries about Byron creating trouble, as he prefers to produce him alive. Byron says that he knows he must be punished, although he doesn't clearly state that he had killed anyone. Owens talks about Byron's ideas. Byron says that humanity has lost the battle against nature, but that there is time to re-conquer the planet. Owens is a very capable pilot, and he flies through sharp mountain ranges á la Star Wars until he reaches a town whose houses have been carved on the hill rock. Byron is able to uncuff himself. He gives the handcuffs to Owens. Byron tells him that Matt will realise pretty soon that he can trust him. The name of the town is Hell's Kitchen. Several people are having a bath on a jacuzzi. They laugh, including Rosie (Gay Baynes) and Montclaire (Robbie Coltrane) because Owens gives himself airs, but Byron has disappeared while Matt was talking to them. Byron has healed a boy's eyes, so his father (Eris Akman) will always be grateful to him. The fact that he is a healer causes a bit of a commotion on the town. Byron seems to be humouring Owens, staying with him because he's decided to do so. Matt gives his boots to one of the youngsters of the town (Bruce Boa), as he intends to leave somewhere else from that moment on, and never return to that place. The two police officer reach the woods surrounding Hell's Kitchen, and they found some men moonlightning, including Montclaire, and they kill them without difficulty. They bury the contrabandists under the rocks. Matt Owens goes on his way on his airplane with Byron, but they have to land to spend the night on a cave. Matt talks about his dreams concerning having thousands of balloons with his name on them, but he says that he always wakes up. Matt thinks that Byron is trying to plant the idea on his head of letting him go, but hat won't happen. Matt is also worried that Byron will try to do something fishy to him while they are sleeping as Byron sleeps with his eyes open-wide. Byron says that Matt wouldn't be able to kill him even if he tried to escape. Byron tries to check Matt's pulse, as he may have symptoms of curare poisoning, but Matt thinks he's tried to strungle him in his sleep. Matt admits that he's lost. Byron heals a man. Maya (Rita Wolf) says that her people didn't want to defend themselves, as violence only brings out more violence. Ariel (Eleanor David) stays by Byron's side while he heals the man. Byron heals the bleeding wound. The wounded man's name is Travis (Paul Reynolds) doesn't believe in Byron, saying that he is a false prophet, and that he wasn't born from a father. Maya tries to convince Trevor. Tasker and Belitski appear, and they make a deal with Matt: the poison's antidote in exchange of Byron. During the night, strong winds make navigation really difficult. Tasker and Belitski tell Matt that Byron is an android, a robot which wants to behave as human - that's why it was said that he wasn't born from a man. Byron is in a kind of square kite and Matt goes up to release it. Byron says that Tasker - who is ascending by way of a parachute - may join them, but Matt is more realistic and knows that they won't. Belitski says she knew that Matt Owens' word could not be trusted. The thing falls down to the floor. Ariel wants to go with them. Matt goes on wanting his reward, and Tasker mocks the machine who wants to behave as a human. Although Ariel has fought the police officers, she walks on and closes the door after her. Byron says she'll come back and Matt asks him why he is always right: Byron says he's perceptive. They are inside a dereclict church / cathedral, but it leads the way to a bar. Two men (Rico Ross & George Camiller) are drinking champagne, and the first one complains that if they keep on helping everybody, somebody will try to destroy the place in the end. Ariel wants a life which is more than mere survival from day to day. Everybody dances, and Byron does it very well. Ariel defends the idea that Byron may solve the air conditioning problem. Avatar (Ben Kingsley) oposes the idea of using an android: he deems the wind problem an unsolvable problem. He and the mother (Jennifer Hilary) are outraged that an android has shagged his daughter (Maiser Asghar), and even Ariel saying that only Byron is the android - he slept with Ariel - doesn not help Byron's cause. Byron says that he's been able to sleep and that he dreamt. Matt's decided to let Byron go. Byron seems shocked at the news. Byron is happy to have the change of either staying or going. But Bielitski and Tasker reach the hidden town. Byron is terrified: he doesn't want to be free to go if Ariel doesn't want to leave without him. Avatar says that the community is responsible of judging Byron. Ariel believes that Byron didn't kill anybody. Tasker threatens to kill everybody. The people in the community take Byron to Tasker. Bielitski shoots Matt with another dart. He punches her and ties her to a bed. Tasker leaves with Byron. The strong winds force Byron to take the reigns of the plane. However, the plane crashes and Tasker dies. Byron is distraught that Tasker thought that he could have saved him. Matt is with his new girlfriends, and he finally has his fancy-designed balloons flying off onto the sky - a bright but a bit cloudy day with a soft breeze at the most.
tt0092576
Horror,Thriller
Late at night inside a theater, a troupe of actors are rehearsing a musical about a mass murderer known as the Night Owl. When the show's leading lady Alicia sprains her ankle, she and the wardrobe mistress Betty sneaks out of the rehearsal for medical assistance in which the closest medical facility is a mental hospital. When speaking to the psychiatrist, Betty notices a imprisoned patient who is revealed to be Irving Wallace, a former actor who went insane and committed a killing spree. Unbeknownst to any of them, Wallace killed one of the attendants with a syringe and sneaked out of the asylum, hiding in the back of Betty's car. Once they arrive back at the theater, the director Peter fires Betty for leaving during rehearsal. As she packs her things and gets ready to leave, Betty returns to the car only for Wallace to murder her with a pickaxe. Moments later, Alicia then emerges from the theater upon the discovery of her friend's corpse. Later, police officers arrive to remove the scene and stations two officers in the parking lot to keep an eye on the premises. Meanwhile, the director creates an idea by altering the play's script; he renames the show's antagonist to Irving Wallace instead of an ambiguous killer, and insists that everyone stay the night to begin immediate rehearsals with the new material, resulting one of his actresses Corinne hide the theater's key so nobody can leave. With the promise of additional cash, the group reluctantly agrees. Inside the dressing room, Laurel feels someone's inside and locks the door; she then screams when someone tries opening it and calls the group to her assistance. Peter accuses Brett as the culprit, but he refuses to accept. Unbeknownst to the group, Wallace himself has donned the theater's owl costume. While Alicia keeps searching for the key, Wallace arrives (with Peter thinking it's Brett) for the scene and strangles Corrine before stabbing her. Without the key's whereabouts, the group begins to panic and tries to contract the outside policemen. Wallace then disconnects the power source and telephone lines the power source and the telephone lines in addition for no escape. The group finds an escape route, but Ferrari gets separated. On the stage, Wallace sees Ferrari who begs and pleased to give him the money, but Wallace refuses and stabs him, later hanging his body upon the group's discovery. Peter and Danny leave Alicia, Mark, Sybil, and Laurel inside a room and searches for Wallace. Laurel notices Wallace outside opening the door and with the assistance of Mark, Alicia, and Lauel, barricades the door. When Wallace breaks the window and grabs Mark, he kills him with a power drill through the door, gaining the attention of Peter and Danny. They plan that everyone must defend themselves and to stick together. Peter notices someone walking on the attic, causing him to head upstairs where Alice and Laurel follow as well. In the process, Alicia is accidentally knocked unconscious after Laurel pushes her down. Arriving at the attic, Peter arrives with an felling axe and instead accidentally hacks up Brett, tied up with the costume on. Suddenly, a standing Sybil is pulled down by Wallace. Despite the help, she is killed by disembowelment. Danny immediately goes down before getting killed by Wallace with a chainsaw. During the escape, Peter accidentally pushes Laurel into Wallace's chainsaw and wounds her. Wallace severs Peters arm before his chainsaw runs out of fuel. Taking the axe, Wallace then decapitates Peter. Alicia wakes up and finds a wounded Laurel. They both hide in the shower room as Wallace approaches near them, before Laurel is stabbed by Wallace. Finding an exit, she arms herself with a pistol and searches for the key, only to see Wallace sitting with the group's corpses placed around the stage. Underneath the stage, she successfully finds the key (catching Wallace's attention) before getting attacked by Wallace. With the pistol having no ammunition, she stabs a screwdriver into Wallace's eye and runs to the door. Nearly missing his attacks, she heads up the attic catwalks where she reaches a dead end as Wallace corners her. After spraying a fire extinguisher at Wallace, he climbs up a dangling cord where Alicia servers the cord with his axe, causing Wallace to fall. She makes her way to the door, where Wallace attacks her before she dumps a burning bin to him, burning him. She successfully escapes the theater via unlocking upon the police assisting her. While being interviewed, she then sees her deceased friends being delivered outside. The next morning, Alicia returns to the theater and finds her missing watch, which was lost during the fight with Wallace. Finding out that eight bodies instead of nine were recovered, a burnt Wallace appears and attacks her with his axe before getting shot by Willy. As the credits roll, Alicia leaves the theater, unknown to her that Wallace has survived his gunshot and smiles to the camera.
tt0091969
Horror,Thriller
At Doddsville County High School, Carol (Caroline Munro) leaves the geek Marty (Simon Scuddamore) down the hallway, both laughing about doing it. She leads Marty to the girls locker room as, unbeknownst to Marty, a group of people follow. Marty goes into a shower stall and undressed, and Carol lets the people inside the room. The curtain is thrown aside and they yell "April Fools!" The crowed mocks the half-naked Marty. The coach appears and tells all of them, except Marty, to go to the gym and "suit up". While they are working out, one of the students, Stella (Donna Yeager) is angry and blames Marty for this collective punishment they are now receiving. Carl (John Segal) and Ted (Michael Saffran) stop by Marty's locker and to show him that there are no hard feelings toward him, give him a joint to smoke. Working alone in chemistry class, Marty decides to light up and smoke the joint. He immediately gets sick and goes to the locker room to throw up. In the gym, Skip (Carmine Iannaccone) throws a brick through a window and feigns that it came from the outside to get away from the coach still punishing them. Skip goes to the deserted chemistry room, adds some white powder to a container, and walks away back to the gym. Marty returns when the liquid in the container pops and a fire starts. He tries to turn off the gas, and a bottle of nitric acid falls and splashes on his face. Marty is taken away on a stretcher into an ambulance. As Carol approaches Marty on the stretcher to apologize, he grabs her by the neck. She screams and wakes up in bed. It is suddenly 10 years later, Carol, now a rich and successful actress, gets a phone call from Manny her agent who tries to convince her to appear in another movie. Susan (Sally Cross) visits Carol and tells her that the she recently engaged and will try to make it for the class reunion later. It is the day before April 1, and Skip is driving his car through the countryside. He stops for a hitchhiker and it is Nancy (Kelly Baker) one of his old classmates also on her way to the reunion. When Skip tries to start his car again, it refuses to start. But two other former classmates, Joe (Gary Martin) and Stella, pass by and Joe tows Skips broken down car to the school. Everyone arrives at the closed down school, with Frank arriving last on his motorbike. Night falls, and it is only this small group of friends whom have arrived at their closed-down school. Joe and Skip walk around to the back to get inside the boarded up building. As it begins to rain, the rest of the group forces their way in through the front door. The find Skip and Joe inside and the group looks around the school, eventually coming to a classroom with a 'Welcome Back' sign, school photographs, alcohol and their old lockers. Shriley points out Martys old locker, and they find a rat inside. They also find Martys old yearbook and look though it. Skip talks about Marty's six months of plastic surgery for the accident and the fact that he flipped out. Meanwhile, someone wearing a jesters mask (the same one that Skip wore during the shower prank) is lurking in the halls. The group begins to smoke some marijuana, and Carol shows off her more expensive cocaine. Nancy decides to go to the bathroom and Carol joins her. They are both scared by Skip and Frank who scare them for kicks. The two guys run out and have a run-in with Digby, the old janitor, who asks them what are they doing here. When Skip mentions the reunion, Digby tells them that he hasn't heard of any reunion, and tells them that the building will be knocked down soon, but allows them to take a last look around if they want. After Digby walks on, the jester mask wearing person jumps out and shoves Digbys head into a hook and nails his hand to a door. Nancy plays a joke on Skip and pours a drink down his pants. Carl tells Ted to show everyone how to "sink a beer" and Ted demonstrates. Suddenly, Ted gets sick, his stomach pops wide open and some of his innards are exposed. The "beer" is actually a lethal acid. Everyone screams and runs away except Shirley who stands in shock with some of Teds blood splashed onto her face. When the group sees that the door will not open and one of the windows gives Nancy a shock, Carl kicks the fencing, takes Carols car keys, and crawls out telling them that he will go for help. Carl gets to Carols car and when he tries to start it, the jester-masked killer rises from the back seat and shoves a steel pole through the seat and out of Carls chest. Back in the school building, Shirley goes to the locker room and gets in a tub to wash off the blood she has on her. When she turns on the fauset for water, acid fills the tub instead and she screams. Several people run in and find Shirley's skeleton in the tub. Carol realizes and screams out "Marty's come back!" Susan arrives at the school, and Skip fruitless tries to get her to leave. She walks in through the front door which is unlocked and sees a life-size picture of Marty at the end of the hallway. Hands punch through and grab her. The survivors convene, and Frank says that he saw a tractor earlier. Frank, Skip, and Joe begin to work on getting the tractor started with the hope of plowing through the doors. While Frank and Skip leave Joe alone to work on the tractor, Stells flirts with Frank and says she wished she was with him instead of Joe. The killer visits Joe while he is under the tracker and kicks the jack away. Joe holds the tractor up and the killer starts the machine and cuts Joes arm with a pocket knife , letting the running blades do the rest. The killer then goes to Stella and Frank during their time of intimacy, hooks up cables to the bed they are on, and electrocutes both of them. Nancy goes to check on Joe and finding him dead, and runs off to tell Skip and Carol. They also find Stella and Frank dead and Skip screams out into the hallways for Marty to show himself. Nancy becomes upset, blaming Skip and Carol for everything that has led to Marty's accident, and Carol calms her down. Morning comes, a sleeping Skip awakes, goes into the hallway and is grabbed. Carol asks Nancy where Skip is. Carol explains that if Marty is behind all this, they just have to wait until April 1 which ends at noon which is the time Marty is disfigured and they only need one hour. The two women leave the room. Skip wakes up and find himself hanging from a rope. He tries to shake himself free until the rope comes loose and he falls. Carol and Nancy look around and realize that all the dead bodies are gone. The hear a noise and walk into a room with a video playing of the shower prank. Nancy sees her photograph marked out in a nearby yearbook and she runs. She manages to get through a window and outside only to fall into a pit of dirty water. Unable to swim, Nancy tries to use a metal pipe to pull herself up, and the killer knocks her back in and leaves. Back in the building, Carol finds Digby dead and hides in the girls locker room and hears a noise. She finds blood in one of the toilets and she flushes it, only to have it overflow. She picks up a baseball bat and hits the killer when he enters the locker room. Carol runs into the auditorium and hides onstage. A javelin is shoved through the curtain, nearly missing her. From hiding she hears footsteps and swings a hatchet, hitting Skip in the face, accidentally killing him. The killer then punches through the glass, grabbing her. Carol pushes the killer back through the glass and he lands on the gym floor. Carol relaxes and sees that it is noon. But Marty stands up, picks up the javelin and chases Carol back into the girls locker room. He sees Carol hiding in the same shower stall where this all happened and pulls aside the curtain. Marty then, reveals his horribly scared face for the first time. Marty laughs and impales Carol through the stomach to the wall with the Javelin, killing her. Marty yells, "I showed ya!" With his revenge against all those who caused his disfigurement over, Marty relaxes until he begins to hear voices calling his name. Marty sees all of the dead people he killed rising up and coming after him chanting his name over and over again as they chase and corner him in the auditorium. Marty screams and wakes up in his hospital bed, with bandages all over his face. A nurse comes into his room and tells him to relax for he's had a serious accident just the other day. Apparently the whole reunion event was nothing but a bad dream that Marty had out of wishing revenge against all those who caused his disfigurement. A little later, a doctor responds to an alarm and runs into Marty's hospital room where the nurse stands over him with a syringe. The nurse turns around and it is actually Marty wearing the nurse's uniform while the dead nurse is lying in his bed. Marty shoves the syringe into the doctor's eye killing him too. Marty then pulls off his bandages from his face, and some of his face with it, and escapes from the hospital, vowing to find and kill those who caused his disfigurement.
tt0096003
Drama
A family of four siblings gathers at Levi Rockwell's house in the Hamptons to celebrate his 77th birthday: his daughters Ruby, Rose, and Aggie, and his son Rolo, and their eight children. Aggie is the youngest: single, sexy, and carefree. Ruby is married to a comedian. Rose is married to a professional baseball player whose pitch is failing. Rolo is a Hollywood producer. Everyone has mild family problems and tensions befitting the affluent. The children look through their old rooms at the house and reminisce. Levi's grandkids go bicycling and find an old boat along the beach called Rock Gibraltar, which they later rechristen the Rocket Gibraltar. While hanging out with Levi on the shore one evening, his grandkids ask him what he wants for birthday. Levi says nothing but a proper Viking funeral: the body was placed in a boat and sent out to sea, and from the shore the family would shoot a flaming arrow at the boat to set it aflame, so it would dissolve into ash in the sea. Then he asks the four boys to join him in peeing into the ocean. Youngest grandchild Cy Blue gets the idea to give the Rocket Gibraltar to grandpa for his birthday, so he can someday use it for his funeral. The kids then all agree to fix up the weathered boat and put on a Viking sail, just like a model in Levi's bedroom. Levi's children go to the beach and frolic. Aggie gets a lifeguard to chase her, taking on her second boyfriend in as many days. Grandpa Levi cooks up some shrimp in beer for Cy Blue. While reading alone, Levi has chest pains. Back at the beach, Cy Blue senses that something is wrong, and goes to the house with his sister, who tries CPR on Levi. When she pushes on his chest, he awakens. A doctor friend comes by to check on Levi. They talk about how they both loved Levi's wife Helen, but Levi was older and more prosperous, so he was able to steal her away-- when he was 34 and she was only 17. She later died from cancer. Meanwhile, the kids listen in on this conversation with a remote radio. They hear Levi ask the doctor if he has more than a couple weeks to live, and realize he will die soon, which they take with remarkable composure. The family gathers for a big dinner in the back yard that evening. Levi tells some jokes, and the kids put on a mock rock concert. Rose's husband wakes up in the night, taken by the impulse to go out to a barn and practice pitching. He suddenly gets his curveball back. The next morning, Rose is aglow with fresh sexual satisfaction, which all of her siblings and in-laws discuss. Aggie then cries over their missing mother, saying that no one talks about her. Then they all dress up and go to her grave, which is in a family plot. Cy Blue comments that grandpa would not want to be buried there, because he would not want to be eaten by worms. Rose's husband is surprisingly picked up by a helicopter in the back yard to return to baseball. Everyone else continues setting up the party for Levi. Ruby comes to Levi in his room and gives him a book on Jackson Pollock. His other kids later come in to give him a Fred Astaire movie. He peacefully rolls over on his bed while reading the book and watching the movie. Levi's grandkids later come into his room and find him unresponsive. They place headphones on him and turn up loud music, but he is dead. They quickly resolve to move his body to the Rocket Gibraltar, wrapping his body in a blanket and loading him into a catering van, which the eldest drives to the beach. While Levi's children try to find him and the grandkids, the doctor shows up to the party and reveals that Levi has an aortic aneurysm, and not long to live. Once they realize the van is missing, they set out in cars to search for Levi and the kids. The grandkids meanwhile go to beach and shove the Rocket Gibraltar onto shore. They load Levi's body on board. They douse a woodpile with gasoline and light it on fire. They shove the boat into the ocean and shoot flaming arrows at it until it catches on fire. The rest of the family arrives and watches the fire, just as the Vikings did, and just as Levi wanted. We hear his voice once again telling his grandchildren that if the colors of the pyre match the colors of the sunset that day, then he lived a good life. And thus the boat and his body can turn to ashes, and vanish completely into the sea.
tt0074599
Comedy,Family,Sport
The California Atoms are a professional football team in Los Angeles, owned by Hank Cooper (Ed Asner) and coached by the inept Coach Venner (Don Knotts). They are by far the worst team in the league and have not won a single game in years. Their cheerleaders are fat and ugly, and even the marching band is awful. Desperate to draw fans in somehow, Cooper wants a great half time show. His secretary, Debbie (Louise 'Liberty' Williams), sees a story in her parents Yugoslavian newspaper about Gus, a mule that can kick a soccer ball through the goal from anywhere on the field. Debbie flies to Yugoslavia and meet with Andy Petrovic (Gary Grimes), the young man who owns the mule, Gus. Andy's older brother is a local soccer star, and their parents idolize the brother and are very critical of Andy since Andy is terrible at soccer. Gus and Andy are hired to come to L.A. Meanwhile, Cooper is a compulsive gambler who owes a lot of money to two mobster bookmakers Charles Gwynn (Harold Gould) and Cal Wilson (Dick Van Patten). When Cooper tells them that he cannot pay them for he is broke, they give him a last chance bet: if the Atoms win the Super Bowl, he owes them nothing, but if they do not win the Super Bowl, the gamblers get the team from him... and implies that they might do him physical harm or worse, kill him. The Atoms are losing their first game, but Gus is a hit at halftime when he shows off his skills by kicking a football the entire lenght of the field. In the 2nd half, Gus is put into the game to kick a field goal. Andy tells the other players to throw the ball to him and Gus will kick a touchdown. (An obvious reference to Garo Yepremian of the 1972 Super Bowl Dolphins who notoriously infuriated Larry Csonka by running off the field yelling "I kick touchdown"). The other team protests, and the announcers Pepper (Bob Crane) and Johnny Unitas (playing himself) are aghast. However, nowhere in the rule book does it say that players must be human, and the refs allow Gus to kick. With Gus making a field goal on each possession from anywhere in the field, the Atoms win. The Atoms go on to win their next few games thanks to Gus getting field goals every time, and are in first place in their divison. However, one catch is that Gus will only kick when Andy holds the ball and shouts the command: "oyage". Debbie has been assigned by her boss to watch over Andy and Gus, since she can speak his Serbian language, and there is an obvious romance budding between them. Gus is an intelligent mule, and it is clear he is trying to push them together. Meanwhile, the gamblers Gwynn and Wilson are getting upset about the team's success. Not wanting the Atoms to win, they hire two incompetent criminals/con artists, Crankcase (Tim Conway) and Spinner (Tom Bosley), to stop Gus from playing in the games. For the next game, Crankcase shows up impersonating a replacement driver with a horse trailer. He gets Andy and Gus lost in the desert so they miss the game. The Atoms lose. Cooper knows the gamblers were behind this, so he hires security guards for Gus and Andy. After a few more victories, Spinner dresses up as a police official and goes to "review the security" around Gus. While no one is looking, he spikes Gus's water pail with alcohol. A drunken Gus stumbles around the field and misses his kicks, and even falls on and crushes the football. Still with only two loses, the Atoms make the playoffs. Andy is a celebrity and is on a TV show. His parents appear on the show from Yugoslavia. They are unimpressed since he just holds the ball for Gus to kick. The father keeps saying that his older brother, a pro soccer star in their home country, is the real star. Before the playoff game, Spinner and Crankcase call Andy and tell him that Debbie has been in a car accident and is seriously injured. Andy runs to the hospital where Spinner is impersonating a doctor and he locks Andy up in an empty room. In the meantime, the Atoms are losing, with Gus refusing to kick for anyone but Andy. Andy manages to escape from the hospital and, wearing nothing but his hospital gown, attempts to reach the stadium before the game is over. However, when Debbie dresses up in Andy's uniform and asks Gus to kick for Andy, Gus does kick. The Atoms win with Debbie as holder, although everyone in the stands thinks it's Andy. Andy arrives when the game is over and is very upset. Andy privately confides in Debbie that it is like his father said, that he is nothing... that anyone can hold the ball for Gus to kick. When the Atoms reach the Super Bowl, Spinner and Crankcase steal Gus which is Spinner, in disguise as a Boy Scout Taskmaster bus driver being stuck in the middle of a country road, distracts Andy and Cooper long enough to help him fix his school bus while Crankcase steals Gus from his trailer and replaces him with another mule. Spinner and Crankcase then check into a local motel and lock up Gus with them. On the day of the big final game, Crankcase and Spinner turn on the TV set in their motel room to gloat as they plan to watch the Atoms lose. When Gus sees the Super Bowl starting on TV, he goes wild and kicks the TV set to pieces. In a bizzerk rage, Gus then kicks down the door to escape from his captors. At the Super Bowl, when the mule refuses to kick the football, Andy knows that it is not Gus, so he and Cooper leave the game and take off in a helicopter to search for Gus. In a long and comic chase sequence, Crankcase and Spinner chase Gus into a local supermarket where they attempt to recapure the intelligent mule, only he gives both bumbling thugs the slip. When Spinner tries to lasso Gus, the mule drags Spinner along a shelf and into a lobster tank. Crankcase is disposed of when he jumps on Gus' back, and the mule then runs down a supermarket row and throws Crackcase off his back and into a wedding cake display. Running from the supermarket, Gus is spotted from the air by Andy and Cooper and they land in the supermarket parking lot to collect him. They airlift Gus to the Super Bowl by half-time. With Gus back in the game, the Atoms come back hard, as Gus makes several field goals kicks. With seconds left on the clock, the Atoms are down 12 to 14, with the ball on their own 5 yard line. It will come down to this last field goal attempt. But on this last kick, Gus slips in the mud and misses the football. There is a scramble for the ball, and Gus kicks it to Andy standing off on the side. Andy takes the football and runs 95 yards for the touchdown and wins the game for the Atoms. After the game, Andy is hailed as the hero... thus leaving Gus in the background for the first time. While Coach Venner congagulates Andy, Cooper tells Gus: "it's okay, everyone misses once". After Cooper walks off to celebrate with Andy and the rest of the team, Debbie winks at Gus and says: "I know you did that on purpose". Gus winks back at her.
tt0073766
Comedy
Former vaudeville and burlesque comic Willy Clark (Walter Matthau) is late for a television commercial audition and his agent and nephew, Ben Clark (Richard Benjamin), frets as he attempts to keep his uncle's try-out from being canceled. When he finally arrives, Ben pleads with the ad agency director to see Willy; but the cantankerous old performer is so unfocused and disagreeable that he ruins any chance he might have had to land the job. Later, at Willy's apartment, Ben gets blamed for being unable to find work for his uncle. However, Ben tells Willy of an offer to do a spot on a upcoming TV special about the history of comedy. The network wants Willy to re-team with his former stage partner Al Lewis (George Burns) and perform their trademark "Doctor Routine." Willy refuses, claiming he feels betrayed by Lewis, who decided to retire. It is revealed here by Willy that he and Al were once a popular vaudeville comedy act known as "Lewis and Clark" and also called the Sunshine Boys. After 43 years together, they parted ways 11 years ago on unfriendly terms and have not spoken to each other since then. The break-up was due, in part, to Al's intent to retire and Willy's desire to continue performing. After delicate negotiations in which Ben visits Al in the New Jersey suburbs, where he now lives with his daughter's family, he persuades Willy to meet Al at his New York City apartment, discuss their differences, and rehearse the routine. After Ben leaves, Al enters and meets Willy for the first time in 11 years. The meeting is a disaster, and Al annoys Willy with his old habits. An attempt to rehearse the Doctor Sketch starts with the two grudgingly getting re-acquainted, but goes only as far as Al entering the doctor's (Willy's) office, before Willy decides to change the scripted long-established "Come in" to "Enter!" This results in a loud shouting argument and Al's stormy departure. Ben eventually negotiates a detente so the former partners will not have to speak with each other: simply show up for one technical rehearsal on the day of taping and then do the show. Ben tries to salvage the situation, despite the objections of Al's daughter to her father being bothered any more about the special and manages to get them in the studio. In the dressing room, Al and Willy do not speak to each other as persons, just like they did in the last year they did their sketches. There is unpleasantness when Willy carelessly dumps makeup jars on Al, followed by Willy's usual trouble with doors, in the dressing room. After Phyllis Diller finishes her scene and Steve Allen speaks his introduction, the Doctor Sketch starts. The technical rehearsal goes no better than the earlier confrontation in Willy's apartment. It flows smoothly until Willy starts shouting about Al's spitting on him and poking him in the chest. Despite Ben and the staff trying to restore order, Willy finally storms off the set, shouting accusations and abuse, and Al also leaves (finding it impossible to work with the man). In the stairwell, Willy's ongoing temper tantrum results in him being felled by a serious heart attack. Even though Willy is allowed no visitors, Al comes to the hospital to stand vigil. Later, Willy is discharged from the hospital and recovers at his apartment with the assistance of a private nurse that Ben hires. Willy constantly argues and verbally squabbles with the nurse. With the now-frail Willy no longer able to look after himself in his New York apartment, Ben and his wife visit the Actors Fund Home in New Jersey and arrange for Willy to move there. When Ben comes to tell Willy about the plan, Willy finally lets down his guard enough to express his fear that Ben will no longer make his regular Wednesday visits when he is all the way out in New Jersey. Ben assures his uncle that he will still come by, and that Willy will be surrounded by friends and be able to participate with his fellow show business retirees in putting on shows for the residents. As Ben leaves, Al shows up for a visit, and tells Willy that his daughter is going to be having another baby and the family will need the extra room where he has been living, so he has decided to move into the Actors Fund Home. In the final shot, as Al talks, Willy slumps in his bed with dread. Seemingly joined at the hip for eternity, the long-standing feud between Al and Willy will continue.
tt0093854
Comedy,Horror
In 1982, at Crippen High School, a serial killer escapes justice following a murderous rampage. Five years later, Cosmic Pictures comes to town to make a film about the Crippen High murders in the abandoned school where they occurred. However, shortly after filming begins, police are called to the scene to investigate another massacre. Officers estimate seven or eight people have been killed, but cannot be sure because the murderer dismembered the corpses and scattered the body parts. Police Chief Deyner (Pepper Martin) interrogates the only survivor, Arthur Lyman (Richard Brestoff), who wrote the screenplay and was a student at the school at the time of the original murders. Lyman expresses his resentment of sleazy producer Harry Sleerik (Alex Rocco), who cut costs by deferring salaries and boarding the cast and crew at the school. In a series of fractured, non-linear flashbacks, Arthur relates his knowledge of the murders to the chief. The first victim is Oliver (George Clooney), an actor who quit the production to star in a television show. As he leaves the school, Oliver is murdered by a man wearing a white theater mask, a black hooded robe, and yellow rubber gloves. Police officer and technical advisor Steven Blake (Brendan Hughes), a former Crippen student, replaces Oliver. He befriends lead actress, Callie Cassidy (Lori Lethin), and tells her that while he was a student, he dated a girl named Kathy Johnson, unaware that she was the daughter of the school principal. They fell in love, but she never returned after summer vacation. Amos (Al Fann), the school janitor, and Principal Kastleman (Andy Romano) also serve as technical advisers. Two more crew members are murdered; an unnamed extra is killed, followed by Choo Choo (Panchito Gomez), a special effects assistant. Shortly after, cast member Richard Farley (Philip McKeon) is caught in a booby trap that drags his body into a steel-blade industrial fan. While wandering the high school in-between scenes, Steve recounts to Callie his relationship with his high school girlfriend, Kathy; her father, Crippen's Principal Kastleman, is on-set serving as a technical advisor, but Steve has not seen Kathy in years. Meanwhile, Callie begins noticing that cast and crew are disappearing. Fearing the killer has returned, she and Steve begin their own private investigation. Callie's discomfort is compounded one day while watching the filming of a brutal scene in which the school biology teacher, Richard Birnbaum, is dissected. When Steven inquires about Kathy's whereabouts, Kastleman claims she is in graduate school. After making love in one of the classrooms, Steven and Callie discover blood in the hallway and follow it to the men's restroom. Continuing their investigation, Steven and Callie find a number severed heads, including Harry and Josh's corpses, as well as a secret passageway to the basement, which contains a room filled with human skeletons. They are confronted by Amos, the school janitor, who attacks Steve. During their fight, Steve inadvertently removes a latex mask from Amos's face, revealing him to actually be Principal Kastleman in disguise. Kastleman explains how years ago, Kathy discovered she was pregnant with Steve's child, after which Kastleman murdered her in a rage and hid her body in the school basement before killing multiple students. Callie and Steve manage to overpower Kastleman, impaling him with a javelin. As Arthur finishes his story, Police Chief Deyner orders his men to the basement. Once they are gone, Lyman yells, "All clear." The many corpses on the lawn suddenly come to life, revealing that the recent murders were part of a stunt to generate publicity for the film. Harry Sleerik confesses that he did not think the plan would work until Callie and Steven discovered that Kastleman was the real killer. Meanwhile, in the basement, Kastleman springs to life and lunges at the officers before he is felled by gunfire. When police discover the bodies missing, they assume "some sicko" took them. In the final scene, Arthur Lyman sits at his typewriter, and begins typing his latest screenplay Return to Horror High, which he intends as a sequel. It is revealed that Kastleman is Arthur's father. An unseen figure enters the room, dripping blood on the pages, and Arthur addresses him as "Dad."
tt0071583
Comedy
"The Groove Tube" is a collection of sketches unified as programming for the imaginary Channel One. It opens with a 2001-inspired sequence of primitive humans encountering a TV set, leading to the discovery of partying and then of fire. It moves quickly to a playful strip sequence with full nudity (male and female) and a meeting with the police. The first dialogue belongs to Director and star Ken Shapiro as Koko the Clown, host of a children's show where 'imagination time' is viewer requested readings of sexual passages from literature. Shapiro also appears as one of the leads in the "Dealers", a drug dealing story with a message, and as both the Anchor and a correspondent of the Channel 1 news team, among other roles. Richard Belzer appears with him often, including as Shapiro's sidekick (and the unwitting object of his sexual affection) in the Dealers and in the news as a black transvestite prostitute picked up by the Cultural Correspondent in a color story on the underside of New York. The programming has many other shows and a large number of commercials, including a scene involving two pairs of fingers (both belonging to Chevy Chase) walking, but not talking: the campaign tag line is "Let your fingers do it." There is a also a series of commercials from Uranus Corporation, "Where things come out a bit differently", one lauding the miracle product "Brown-25", another admitting responsibility for the destruction of the "mighty Mayopac River" on which their chemical processing plant sits. There is also more nudity, including a public service announcement on STDs featuring a muppet-like character that is actually an upside-down penis.
tt0093200
Comedy
Bobby Taylor (Robert Townsend) is a young, middle class black man living in Los Angeles who is aspiring to become a famous actor in Hollywood. He practices his lines in the bathroom, with his younger brother Stevie (Craigus R. Johnson) watching as he plays a stereotypical "jive" character as he prepares to audition for a part in 'Jivetime Jimmy's Revenge', a movie about street gangs which is so full of stereotypes that the light-skinned black actors who audition are cast as Latino gang members and have to speak with cartoonish Spanish accents. Bobby's grandmother (Helen Martin) overhears the "jive talk" and expresses disapproval. His mother (Starletta DuPois) is more supportive, and Bobby assures her that if he lands the part, their lives will change for the better. After the audition, Bobby talks with his boss Mr. Jones, who questions Bobby's dedication to his job as a waiter at Jones's restaurant, Winky Dinky Dog, because Bobby frequently makes excuses to miss work so he can attend auditions and casting calls. A limousine arrives, and its passenger is B.B. Sanders (Brad Sanders), a famous black actor who plays a stereotypical comedy character, Batty Boy, in the popular sitcom 'There's a Bat in My House'. Ecstatic to meet a potential role model, Bobby asks Sanders how to determine whether a role is a good one. Sanders tells him that if his character does not die, then it's a good part. Sanders also says that acting is not about art, it's about making money.... "the sequel", merchandising, etc. Bobby gets a call from his agent and learns that his audition went well, and he got a callback, but the producers want an "Eddie Murphy-type". That night, he has a nightmare in which the hack director (Eugene Robert Glazer), the hack writer (Dom Irrera), and hack casting director (Lisa Mende) hound him to become Eddie Murphy, using terms including "Murphy-esque" and "Murphonic". Waiting in line with a group of Eddie Murphy clones, Bobby starts turning into Eddie Murphy himself and then wakes up in shock. The next day, Bobby's Winky Dinky Dog co-workers, Donald and Tiny, belittle Bobby's career as an actor and his constant excuses for missing work, telling him that he will never make it as an actor. Bobby quits his job. Later that night, he visits his uncle Ray, a singer who gave up on his chance at stardom in order to work at a "real" job to provide for his family. Bobby expresses doubts about continuing to pursue acting, but Ray encourages Bobby to follow his dreams. During his callback, the director, writer, and casting director are thrilled at Bobby's performance, calling it "very black", and he wins the lead role. Bobby's attacks of conscience begin to manifest as daydreams based on what people around him are saying or doing, including one musical number ("Black Acting School") where white coaches teach black performers how to act "more black", and another musical number ("Sneaking into the Movies") where two young black men gain entry to a theater without paying and review films that spoof popular titles à la At the Movies, including 'Amadeus Meets Salieri', 'Chicago Jones and the Temple of Doom', 'Dirty Larry', and 'Attack of the Street Pimps'. At home, Bobby is celebrating with his girlfriend Lydia when his grandmother comes home and the three watch a film noir. Bobby has another fantasy about playing the lead in his own film noir, 'Death of a Breakdancer'. That night, Bobby dreams of the roles that he wants to play, from a Shakespearean king, to a black superhero, to a black version of Rambo ("Rambro"). His final dream depicts him winning his fifth Oscar. Bobby returns to the studio the next day to start filming 'Jivetime Jimmy's Revenge' with his family in attendance. His guilt about playing such a stereotypical African-American character finally overwhelms him, and Bobby quits in the middle of the shoot. Another cast member who previously complained about the stereotypical film hypocritically takes over Bobby's part, but Bobby and his family leave the set with their pride intact. In the final scene, Bobby is completing preparations on a different set for an on camera scene that's about to begin. In an echo of his grandmother's previous admonition that there's always honest work at the post office, (in doing the so-called Hollywood Shuffle) the film ends with Bobby filming a TV commercial for the US Postal Service.
tt0074963
Comedy,Drama
Set in the year 1953, Larry Lapinsky (Lenny Baker), a young theater arts graduate, moves out of his parents Brooklyn apartment. His overbearing Jewish mother, Faye (Shelley Winters), becomes hysterical, but Larry screams that she cannot make him feel guilty. Larry takes the subway train to Greenwich Village in nearby Manhattan, walks the streets to his new apartment, and exclaims, "Boy, do I feel guilty." That night, Larry's girl friend, Sarah Roth (Ellen Greene), comes over to his new place, where they have sex and later discuss the merits of getting a diaphragm and committing suicide. Afterward, they go to a bar to meet Larry's artist friend, Barney (John Ford Noonan), who is giving referrals for an abortionist. Sarah tells him she will call if she ever gets "knocked up." They then meet Bernstein Chandler (Antonio Fargas), an African American homosexual whose mother worked as a cleaning lady for a family named Bernstein and named her baby after them. Later, at Sarah's parents' house, Larry realizes he forgot his prophylactic, but they make love anyway. Larry then goes home yelling lines from Hamlet and 'A Streetcar Named Desire'. On the train platform, he imitates his mother in accepting an Academy Award on his behalf, but a police officer (Joe Spinell) arrives and tells him his acting stinks. The next day, Larry gets a job in a health food store/eatery owned by Herb (Lou Jacobi) and Ellen (Denise Galik). Returning home to his apartment, he and Sarah meet Bernstein and his friends; playwright Robert Fulmar (Christopher Walken) and Connie (Dori Brenner), who are rushing to stop their friend, Anita Cunningham (Lois Smith), from committing suicide. They find Anita with superficial cuts on her wrists, crying that she does not want to live; but the group does not take her seriously. The next day, Larry has an imaginary dialogue with his mother about the faults of his apartment when his parents, Faye and Ben (Mike Kellin), arrive and have the same conversation almost word for word. The three then listen to an opera on the record player. As Faye leaves she gets into a screaming match with Larry urging him to call more often. Later, while Larry is working at a restaurant, Sarah comes in and announces she is pregnant. Larry wants to get married, but she insists on an abortion. They get Robert to take them to see Robert's former lover, Marcia (Rochelle Oliver), a doctor, who arranges the abortion. A few days later, Larry throws a rent paying party. Anita arrives and tells him she met a sailor who is going to marry her after he returns from Marseilles, France. A minute later, Bernstein tells Sarah that he fell in love with a sailor who had to sail to Marseilles. During the party, Larry's parents arrive and a he is horrified as Bernstein and Faye swing dance to the amusement of the party-goers. Larry day dreams that his mother forces her way into his acting class, sings opera, gives a monologue and then tap dances. After the party, Larry's mother asks Sarah when she is going to marry her son, but Sarah explains they are only dating. However, when Sarah admits they are having sex, Faye becomes hysterical, until Sarah assures Mrs. Lapinsky that she was kidding. The next day, Larry auditions for casting director Sid Weinberg, who wants to screen test him for a movie shooting in Hollywood, California. When Sid finds out Larry is Jewish, he regales him with stories about his own overbearing and obnoxious Jewish mother. Larry celebrates with his friends by dancing a conga line to Anita's apartment, where she is again threatening suicide. While dancing into the apartment, Robert finds Anita's dead body. Bernstein breaks down, crying that it is his fault for sleeping with her sailor. Another few days later, Larry lies in the bathtub after his screen test, dreaming he is in an acting class doing a love scene when his mother pushes the actress aside and passionately embraces him. Then he dreams he is performing Hamlet as his mother pelts him with pies, screaming for him to become a doctor. The next morning, Larry is called to Connie's apartment, because Bernstein is having a nervous breakdown. Bernstein declares he is Floyd Lewis from Macon, Georgia and his mother died when he was three. Everything they know about him is a lie, except for his homosexuality. He talks about being physically and mentally brutalized, then crawls under the bed covers. Later, at the bar, Robert proposes a trip to Mexico, but Larry cannot go and becomes irritated when Sarah agrees to go without him. Back at Larry's apartment, they argue, then decide to make love. When Larry asks her to put in her diaphragm, she tells him she already did, then confesses she slept with Robert earlier. Larry slaps and chokes her, then gets her a glass of water. He asks if he goes to Mexico will she give up Robert, but Sarah says "no". As Larry tells Sarah that he will love her forever, his parents burst into the apartment. Seeing Larry and Sarah partially dressed, Mrs. Lapinsky demands they get married. Ben yells it is none of their business and Sarah runs out crying. Later, Larry confronts Robert and demands to know if he loves Sarah. Robert claims to have never loved anyone, and Larry tells him that beneath Robert's pose is just another pose. A few days later, Connie informs Larry that she and Bernstein are meeting Sarah and Robert in Mexico City, Mexico. When Larry accuses Connie of being in love with Robert, she tells him that she loves him. Larry hugs her and offers to buy her a coffee. That afternoon, Larry gets the call that he has the acting job, so he goes to have a goodbye lunch with his parents. Mrs. Lapinsky exhorts Larry to remember his Jewish heritage and after forcing a bag of apple streusel on him, tells him to be a good actor. As Larry walks to the train, he stops to watch some boys playing stick-ball, listens to a violinist play Jewish folk-songs and eats his mother's streusel, then turns away from his old neighborhood and walks to the train to take it back home to Greenwich Village.
tt0070634
Horror
NOTE: Sequel to "Dracula A.D. 1972" (1972) An undercover agent named Hanson (Maurice O'Connell) barely escapes from the Pellham House of Psychic Examination after being tortured. He loosens his bonds and strangles a guard, but trips an alarm when he leaves the building. Armed motorcyclists give chase, but Hanson manages to stagger to the main gate where men in a waiting car retrieve him. At headquarters he tells his handlers of witnessing a satanic ritual in which a naked girl was sacrificed on an altar while five of the biggest businessmen involved in government secrets attended as supplicants. He identifies four of them before he dies -- General Freebourne (Lockwood West), Lord Carradine (Patrick Barr), Dr John Porter (RIchard Mathews) and Professor Julian Keeley (Freddie Jones). His hidden camera has caught them at the facility, though the fifth picture has nobody in it. Figuring black magic is involved, Inspector Murray [Michael Coles] consults occult expert Professor Lorrimer Van Helsing [Peter Cushing]. The professor discovers that Keeley, an old friend and Nobel Prize winner for humanity in science, has turned to satanic worship and has been working on a radioactively accelerated strain of bubonic plague which spreads by touch and kills rapidly. Unfortunately, Van Helsing's visit with Keeley is interrupted by an assailant who shoots and wounds Van Helsing and hangs Keeley. Inspector Murray, Van Helsing's granddaugter Jessica [Joanna Lumley], and Peter Torrence [William Franklyn] go to Pellham House where they discover a cache of female vampires in the basement. Dr Van Helsing puts two and two together. The Keeley Foundation is funded by the Denham Corporation, run by one D.D. Denham who is never seen publicly and who controls his empire from a building recently erected at St. Bartolph's church, the very spot where Van Helsing killed Dracula two years ago (as in the previous film). If that isn't enough, it is also the day before November 23rd, the Sabbat of the Undead, the night the undead cause unspeakable horrors on earth. Something has to be done. Van Helsing fashions a silver bullet from a cross, goes to the chairman's suite at the office building and confronts D.D. Denham [Christopher Lee], who he confirms is Dracula, but henchmen capture Van Helsing and he misfires the silver bullet. Meanwhile, Dracula has ordered the capture of Jessica and Murray. His plan is to make Jessica his consort and then to wipe humans off the earth with his new strain of plague. He hypnotizes one of the four executives into infecting himself with the plague and watches, smiling in triumph, as the man suffers excruciatingly horrible symptoms in rapid succession. As Dracula performs a ceremony over Jessica's body, in another upstairs room Murray is fighting with a guard. The guard is electrocuted, starting a fire and, in the melee, Murray saves Jessica while Dracula and Van Helsing escape the flames through a window. Dracula follows Van Helsing into the woods and the vampire expert lures Dracula to a hawthorn bush, where he becomes trapped, and Van Helsing stakes him with a fencepost. As Dracula turns to dust, Pelham House burns, and along with it burns the bacillus.
tt0069754
Horror,Thriller
Ann Gentry (Anjanette Comer) is a social worker whose husband has been injured in a car crash. She takes on the case of the twisted, mysterious Wadsworth family, and takes a special interest in "Baby" (David Manzy), a mentally ill 21-year-old who still acts and is treated like an infant by his mother and sisters. The Wadsworth clan has abused and neglected Baby, but Mrs. Wadsworth (Ruth Roman) has been extremely protective since his father left shortly after his birth, and she isn't going to let another caregiver mess with her son. Ann tries to convince Mrs. Wadsworth that Baby can learn something, but he can't even pick up and return a ball. When his blonde sister Alba (Suzanne Zenor) hits him, frustrated by Baby's baby-like behavior, Mrs. Wadsworth defends him, herself beating Alba in turn. Physically, Baby is an attractive young man physically, and his other sister, Germaine (Marianna Hill), sleeps naked with him. Ann visits a school for "extraordinary children," sees several children play and interact together, compares it to Baby's isolation, and feels sad. The Wadsworth sisters throw a party for some friends. Baby runs around on the dance floor and although he doesn't really fit in, none of the Wadsworth sisters' friends pay any attention to him. Mrs. Wadsworth talks about her runaway husband, and her relief that Baby will never suffer such disappointments. Ann gets dizzy after drinking a cup of punch. Alba and Germaine take her downstairs and tie her down. Baby has sex with Ann, but he doesn't seem to understand what happens. When Ann tries to release herself, Baby starts to cry. The sisters are making out with their loser boyfriends. Baby has to be bathed, and Ann dresses him up in a suit afterward. Ann takes photographs of Baby dressed as an adult, and shows them to his family. Eventually, Ann and her mother take Baby. His family comes after them, but Ann and her mother kill them. Finally, the film reveals why Ann is so interested in Baby: The car crash left Ann's husband with the mental capacity of an infant. Ann wanted Baby as a playmate for him. They play all day, and get along well. Two adult-size cradles appear in their decorated room. The film ends with Ann and her two "babies" swimming in their new pool, which has been built in the backyard over the site where the bodies of Baby's mother and sisters have been buried.
tt0092117
Musical,Comedy
A much larger than life portrayal of "those wacky Texans" when entertainment hits the masses. . David Byrne knows about as much about Texas as I do of England. David always bring a rare insight to the sub-conscious! Thank you VH1C for bringing this wonderful film back to us!
tt0071598
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
As elderly people go about their day in Manhattan, Harry walks along a sidewalk with his tabby cat Tonto on a leash, quoting Shakespeare's "King Lear" as he goes. Harry stops in at a grocer, buys some good food for his cat, and jokes that his sexual days are over. Next Harry meets his old friend Jacob on a bench, and tells him that his apartment building is being torn down to build a parking lot. Jacob complains about capitalists, and reassures Harry that he could always move in with him. On the way home, a kid tries to steal Harry's groceries and knocks him down. Harry is helped up by Leroy, his building super. Harry gets into his apartment and talks to Tonto, lamenting that he's been mugged four times in the past year, and that the whole city is getting run down. Some time later, police show up to forcibly remove Harry and his furniture from the building. Harry continues to spout "King Lear" while his son Burt arrives to pick him up. Harry goes to live with Burt and his wife and two grown sons in the suburbs. His younger grandson, Norman, has taken a vow of silence, leading to obvious tension with his brother and parents. Harry later asks Norman for the books that explain his beliefs. Harry goes back to his familiar bench to talk with Jacob, and they both agree it's been a long time since either has been with a woman. Jacob reminisces about his first sexual encounter with a servant girl when he was 14. Harry invites Leroy to dinner at Burt's house, and he plays the piano while Leroy dances to the tune. Leroy later comments that he lives with his 90-year-old mother and can't find a new job, which leads Burt's wife to question why Harry is not getting help from his two other kids. Knowing that he is a burden to Burt, Harry goes to look for his own apartment, but finds that the place he wants will not take cats. He then tells Burt he is going to Chicago to visit Shirley, Burt's sister, but before he leaves he stops at a city morgue to identify the body of Jacob, who has died with no relatives. Harry cries after recalling Jacob's story of losing his virginity. Burt takes Harry to the airport, but Harry soon learns that he can't go through security with Tonto, so he takes a cab to get a bus. Along the route, Harry asks the bus driver to stop so that Tonto can relieve himself, whereupon the cat runs away across a cemetery. The bus driver leaves Harry behind with his luggage, and when Tonto returns, Harry scolds him. Harry walks to a used car lot and buys an old Chevy for $250. He then checks into a motel and calls Burt to tell him what has happened, realizing in the process that his driver's license expired in 1958. Harry drives west rather slowly, with Tonto on the dashboard, recalling how he wanted to drive across the country when he was younger, but his wife and kids came along. He remembers they had many good times though. He confesses to Tonto that he has a great fear of pain, and that when he dies he would like to go quickly rather than the slow way his wife Annie died. Harry picks up two young hitchhikers, one of whom soon gets another ride, while the other a girl named Ginger continues west with Harry. She claims she is 16, and is running away from home to a commune in Boulder. Harry and Ginger get a motel for the night, and after she comes out of the bathroom half-naked, Harry is prompted to recall the first girl he loved, Jessie, whom he has not seen in 50 years. Ginger suggests that they go to see her, even though it's out of their way, and they eventually find her in a nursing home. At first Harry thinks Jessie remembers him, but her thoughts are marked by senility; she calls him Alex yet remembers his wife Annie. Then she suddenly asks Harry to dance, which they do while Ginger looks on. Harry and Ginger make it to Chicago, where Shirley runs a bookstore. Harry is surprised to see Norman there, who has been sent in advance by Burt to meet him, and who is now talking. Shirley is curt with Harry and Ginger, and is mourning the end of her fourth marriage. Shirley and Harry go for a walk by the edge of Lake Michigan, and she encourages him to return to teaching; he says he is too old. They have an awkward exchange, and agree to be more civil to each other. Harry drives on with Norman and Ginger, reaching Arizona. Harry calls Burt and has Norman explain his situation, which does not go over well. Harry tells Burt he is moving on to Los Angeles to visit Eddie, his other son, while Norman tells Burt that he is going with Ginger to Boulder. Harry thus gives the car to them, and wonders off to a motel, where he meets a traveling salesman of natural health products. While the man gives Harry a shoulder rub, he sells him a blender he does not need. Harry hitchhikes and is picked up by hot redhead in convertible. She reveals she's a high-priced hooker, and asks Harry how long it's been since he had sex. He stammers, saying he does not think he's up to it and can't afford her, but when he mentions he has $100, she drives off the road and takes him up a hillside. The hooker drops Harry off at a Las Vegas casino, where he has some drinks. A man at a craps table gets mad at him for cooling his win streak. Harry goes outside to give Tonto some milk, and begins to urinate against the building, whereupon police arrest him. Harry wakes up in jail with a native Indian named Sam Two Feathers. Harry offers him the blender he recently bought, and Sam gives him a necklace in exchange. Harry asks Sam if he can cure ailments, and in exchange for relieving Harry of the bursitis in his shoulder, Sam selects a pair of Harry's underwear. Harry finally makes it by bus to L.A., and walks along Hollywood Blvd. with Tonto, until his son Eddie drives by to pick him up. Eddie acts as if he's been living off his real estate deals, but when they get to his apartment, he confesses to his father that he is broke. Eddie cries in shame, and Harry consoles him that they will somehow find a way to help each other financially. Harry can provide some money for now, he says, but he wants Eddie to get on with his own life. Harry goes to the beach and enjoys a game a chess, during which Tonto suddenly does not look well. Harry takes Tonto to an animal hospital, and says goodbye. Harry goes to the beach to write a letter to Leroy, telling him that Tonto passed away at the age of 11, or 77 in human years. A woman named Celia, escorting many cats, comes to sit next to Harry, openly flirting with him. She soon suggests that they run around together, but Harry is distracted when he sees a tabby cat that looks like Tonto. Harry follows the cat out onto the beach and pets it. There he sees a little girl building a sandcastle in the sunset, and he joins her.
tt0077617
Drama,War
It's July 1964 in the period when American troops were euphemistically termed "military advisors" in Vietnam. Major Asa Barker (Burt Lancaster) has been given this command: a poorly-manned outpost named Muc Wa in rural South Vietnam somewhere near the rural Da Nang to Phnom Penh (Cambodia) highway that a decade earlier had been the scene of a massacre of French soldiers during the First Indochina War. Barker is a weary infantry veteran in his third war (he served in the Pacific during World War II as well as in the Korean War), who provides veteran supervision to a cadre of advisors attached to a group of South Vietnamese who garrison the deserted village of Muc Wa. Barker, as a seasoned officer, knows that he cannot defend his position due to lack of numbers and the quality of his local troops. He is still obliged to carry out the orders of his superior, General Harnitz (Dolph Sweet), who sends Barker U.S. re-enforcements to appease him. His command consists of a handful of U.S. soldiers (encompassing the inexperienced, unhappy, idealistic and glory-seeking) and some reluctant former Vietnamese paddy farmers turned militiamen. Barker is a capable commander who has ended his career by having an affair with a senior officer's wife. He argues that the hamlet is deserted and has no importance, but sends a detachment from his command. The detachment is commanded by the brash but nervous Lt. Hamilton, and includes veteran Sergeant Oleonowski, who is suffering from battle fatigue, a drug-addicted medic, Cpl. Lincoln, and a young draftee, Cpl. Courcey, who quickly befriends an elderly native volunteer, nicknamed "Old Man". The American troops along with around 30 South Vietnamese troops and similar number of milita, set out from their base as Pangan to Mu Wa. On their way to Muc Wa along a dirt road, the column is ambushed at a roadblock, resulting in the sadistic ARVN Cpl. Nguyen "Cowboy" (Evan Kim) capturing and beheading the lone Viet Cong attacker. On reaching the hamlet, Hamilton sets up his defenses in a triangular formation and receives supplies brought in by helicopter. At the rear of the hamlet is a graveyard of 302 French soldiers with a placard above the entrance that reads, in French, "Étrangers, dites aux Spartiates que nous demeurons ici par obéissance à leurs lois" (Stranger, tell the Spartans that we remain here in obedience to their orders), which refers to the Battle of Thermopylae. While he is investigating it, Courcey spots a one-eyed VC soldier, who is presumably a scout. Back at Barker's base, he receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he will be able to predict which one of Barker's outposts the VC will attack next. During a patrol, Courcey spots a group of nine Vietnamese women and children fishing along the small river that runs through the deserted Muc Wa village, despite intelligence that there are no civilians said to live in the area. Cowboy wants to kill the civilians for they might be Viet Cong sympathizers, but Courcey stops him and lets the civilians take shelter in their base camp. Courcey befriends one of the civilians, a teenage girl, whom takes a liking to him despite the language barrier. That evening, the VC attack Muc Wa by a harassing attack where the doped up Lincoln is wounded. Coursey leads an ambush patrol that kills the four Viet Cong artillery crew. The next morning, Barker travels to Saigon to meet with Colonel Minh, the military chief of the region where he tries to persuade him to send reinforcements of at least 300 ARVN troops to Muc Wa. But the corrupt Minh refuses for he claims that he needs the troops to stay in Saigon to prevent a potential coup that may happen. The following night Muc Wa is again attacked by the VC, sustaining its first casualties when Lt. Hamilton is killed when he tries to rescue a wounded militaman, along with a few South Vietnamese soldiers. The next day, Sgt Oleonowski commits suicide rather than face the pressure of command. When Barker is informed of the deaths, he wants to pull his troops out now that they lack an experienced leader, but this request is refused by Harnitz, forcing Barker to send his own deputy to Muc Wa. When the psy-ops man predicts Muc Wa will be attacked, Barker contacts them by radio only to learn that they're under attack from the Viet Cong. True to Barker's predictions, the outpost is attacked again by the massive numbers of Viet Cong who number in the many thousands, not the few hundred predicted by the high command, and they are all well armed with various automatic weapons, not outdated rifles. Barker is forced to threaten Harnitz over the radio to send air support for Muc Wa in which several helicopters and flare ships arrive just in time to stop the Viet Cong attack. The next day, Barker receives orders by Harnitz to withdraw all of the American troops from Muc Wa which is believed to be under siege by a 1,000-strong 507th Viet Cong battalion. Barker personally flies out to Muc Wa to evacuate the surviving Americans as well as the wounded, but leaving behind the South Vietnamese troops, including the walking wounded. The idealistic Courcey refuses to leave the wounded, so Barker stays behind with him to help evacuate the remaining South Vietnamese troops and militiamen overland to safety. This leaves Barker, Courcey, Cowboy, the Old Man and his fellow South Vietnamese militiamen at Muc Wa. That evening, the Vietnamese civilians that Courcey found and brought into the base camp steal several weapons and try to escape, forcing Cowboy to kill all of them. But the Vietnamese teenage girl gets away and informs the Viet Cong scouts of the American's plans to withdraw... thus revealing that she and all of the other civilians were in fact Viet Cong supporters (as Cowboy predicted) after all. Barker and Courcey are forced to blow up all of the arms and equipment left behind and then leads the group on the road away as friendly artillery fire begins raining down on the area. But no sooner has the group filed out, they are ambushed on the road by the Viet Cong, led by the civilian girl. In the ensuing battle everyone is killed, including Barker who tries to help Courcey when he is wounded. Barker then collapses and apparently dies from a heart attack, while the Old Man drags Courcey to hide him in the nearby bushes as the enemy Viet Cong attack from all directions. The only survivor of the battle is ironically the willing volunteer, Courcey, whose idealism and enthusiasm for the Vietnam War has now been killed along with all his comrades. He wakes up after the battle in the morning to find that everyone else is dead and the soldiers, including Barker, are stripped of their fatigues. The VC have withdrawn having left him for dead. As Courcey wanders to the grave site, he finds another survivor: the wounded, one-eyed VC scout that he saw earlier. The VC points his rifle at Courcey before dropping it out of exhaustion. Courcey says to the one-eyed VC, "I'm going home, Charlie, if they'll let me" as he wanders off the grave site and onto the dirt road leading away from the ruins of the village.
tt0092559
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Robin Shea (Rebecca De Mornay) is a convict in a New Mexico prison. She manages to escape, but mistakenly hitches a ride in the limo of James Tiernan (Frank Langella), a politician who was visiting the prison as part of his campaign for governor. He returns her to the prison in secret. While changing back into prison clothes, Robin meets Billy Moran (Vincent Spano) a carpenter and handyman who is doing work in the compound under supervision that is supposed to keep him isolated from the female inmates. Billy helps Robin temporarily hide from the guards, and they have sex. Robin learns who James Tiernan is from a political ad on television where he talks about his strong stance on prison issues. She manages to call him at his campaign headquarters, asking for help on her upcoming parole hearing. James gives her advice, one suggestion of which is that she get married. Robin approaches Billy, offering him five thousand dollars to marry her for a year so she can get out of prison. Billy accepts, they are married and Robin is released not long after. Robin moves in with Billy, who also lives with his older brother Peter (Donovan Leitch) and Billy's unruly six-year-old son Timmy (Jamie McEnnan). Initially there is a clash of personalities due to the contrast between Billy's serious demeanor and Robin's wild-child nature. Billy is interested in having a real relationship with Robin, who instead insists that their marriage is just an arrangement, and that she wants to focus on her musical career. Robin starts up a band, which Peter joins, and also meets up again with James, who uses Robin as a poster child for successful prison reform on his campaign. Robin spends more time with the family, getting close to Peter and Timmy, which upsets Billy. Robin suggests they see other people, which Billy accepts. Billy has sex with another woman, while Robin has sex with James, who is married. Afterward the pair confront each other jealously over their being with other people. The next morning Robin reconciles with Billy, helping him out when his jeep breaks down and spending time with him at work restoring an old museum. They have sex in Billy's workshop, and are interrupted by a group of tourists, who take pictures of the pair. At first Robin's public indencency is hushed up due to her status as James' poster child, but when James sees the pictures he is jealous, and orders that Robin's parole be revoked. The police come for Robin when she is performing with her band at a bar. Robin flees to James' house for help, but he turns her away. Robin goes back to Billy's house, where he has packed up her things and prepared money for her. Billy promises to help her no matter what she wants to do, and Robin decides she's tired of running. Billy and Robin secretly crash James' political dinner. Robin takes to the stage with her band, praising James' assistance in "helping" her. Her passionate performance earns them a standing ovation, which in turn helps James' image. James agrees to help Robin, and she no longer has to go back to prison. Robin and Billy return home together, happily married.
tt0075617
Comedy,Drama,Music
This is a semi-documentary about the famous Swedish pop group ABBA's 1977 week-long tour of Australia. The film has a very loose plot which is little more than a vehicle to link together the archive concert footage. It concerns the adventures of Ashley Wallace (Robert Hughes), a naïve and incompetent disk jockey on Radio 2TW, who normally presents a through-the-night country and western-themed show of broadcasting only country music. In spite of this, he is sent by the station's boss (Bruce Barry) to get an in-depth interview ("Not an interview, a dialogue", demands his boss) with the group, whose fame and stature neither he nor Ashley have the first clue about, which is to be aired on the day ABBA leaves Australia at the end of their tour. Needless to say, Ashley, who has never done an interview before, singularly fails, mainly because he has forgotten to pack his press card, although the fact that he is unable to buy a concert ticket doesn't help matters either. Armed with his trusty reel-to-reel tape recorder, Ashley is forced to follow the group all over Australia to try to get his interview with the group (which is the movie's running joke as he follows them around from place to place... and looking like he has no idea what he is doing). Ashley first begins his persuit at ABBA's opening concert in Sydney, and then travelling, in order, to Perth, then to Adelaide, and Melbourne, experiencing repeated run-ins with the group's very protective bodyguard (Tom Oliver), as well as his increasingly exasperated boss. Eventually, Ashley has an unbelievably lucky chance encounter with Stig Anderson (playing himself), the group's manager, who agrees to an interview. After attending a concert, Ashley sleeps in and misses the appointed interview time (after having a bizzare dream about him interacting with the group at a local park). Just as Ashley is about to give up (by this time, he doesn't even care that his press card... which has also been traveling across Australia, continually forwarded by the postal service has finally arrived!), he steps into a hotel elevator and finds himself face-to-face with ABBA. They agree to give him an interview. The interview is not shown, but he thanks the group afterwards and leaves with his tape recorder to catch the first plane back to Sydney. Ashley leaves Melbourne just in time to meet the deadline for the radio show to go out on-air. He puts together the final edit in the back of a taxi on the way back from the airport, as ABBA departs Australia for Europe. With only minutes to go, Ashley makes it back to the Sydney radio station where, having set the tape up on the studio's playback machine, he relaxes at his control desk to listen as the interview (which he worked so long and hard to obtain) is broadcast over the airwaves Down Under. The final images are of the group's farewell concert in Melbourne and of them recording at their lake island residence back in Sweden.
tt0072750
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
Scientist James Parmiter (Bradford Dillman) delivers his wife, Carrie (Joanna Miles), to a church sermon at a country parish, then drives to work at a local university. During a sermon about God's "gentle caress," a major earthquake strikes and nearly demolishes the chapel, but no one is killed. While the parishioners evacuate, Carrie grabs her Bible and calls James from a payphone, thereby missing her ride home with Henry Tacker and his son, Kenny. As the two men approach the Tacker farm, their pickup truck explodes in flames. Young Norma Tacker (Jamie Smith Jackson) watches in horror as her father and brother burn. That night, Norma is retrieved from her vigil inside the burned truck by her boyfriend, Gerald Metbaum (Richard Gilliland). Both are unaware that the vehicle is hosting killer cockroaches. Returning home, Norma retires while Gerald hears strange noises and surveys the property to discover large, incendiary cockroaches near a fault line created during the earthquake. A cat is killed when a cockroach com-busts on its head. Sometime later, Gerald visits the biology class of his former professor, James Parmiter, who lectures that modern man has lost his innate ability to communicate with other living creatures. When the students leave, the two men eat lunch at the cafeteria and Gerald reports his entomological discovery at the Tacker farm, the earthquake's epicenter. When James argues that fire-producing insects do not exist, Gerald shows him the dead cat. James goes to the farm with Gerald and is astonished that the cockroaches are able to make fire by rubbing their legs together. He also observes one cockroach feeding on ashes. Soon, the town is besieged by fire and James calls the mayor to warn him about the bugs, but the mayor is unavailable. Back at the university laboratory, James's colleague, Mark Ross (Alan Fudge), examines a cockroach specimen and reports that the insects eat carbon and are indestructible. James wonders how the cockroaches travel from place to place, since they cannot fly. At the Parmiter home, Carrie prepares to leave for the Tacker funeral with Mark's wife, Sylvia, and James returns in time to say goodbye. Alone in the house, James is visited by a handyman named Charlie, who reports strange noises coming from James's car. James discovers cockroaches feasting on his engine and orders Charlie to leave. He then lures the insects into a trap with a freshly burned newspaper. Meanwhile, at the Tacker funeral, Carrie gives Norma and her surviving brother, Tom, a handkerchief that Henry gave her at the church just before the earthquake struck. When Norma, Tom, and Gerald return home to pack up the house, Norma answers the telephone and a cockroach, nesting in the receiver, attacks her ear. Gerald extracts the bug with a burned newspaper and Norma is sent to the hospital. Meanwhile, James drives to the farm, which is now smoking from the fires triggered by the cockroaches. He impales one of the insects, causing it to explode. Excited by his discovery, James phones Mark and they meet at the laboratory. James explains that the bugs are slow-moving because of atmospheric pressure, and they are suffering from decompression sickness. Before the earthquake, the cockroaches lived entirely underground in a dense atmosphere, but now they are struggling to stay alive. James suspects the insects are ancient creatures trapped underneath the Earth's surface during a prehistoric volcanic eruption. When Mark adds that the cockroaches cannot reproduce and that they will soon self-destruct in the Earth's atmosphere, James is despondent. Sometime later, James asks Gerald to build a large pressure tank. Gerald hopes that James's experiments will help Norma recover from the cockroach attack and agrees. Back at the Parmiter home, Carrie discovers a surprise birthday cake that Sylvia hid in the garage. She brings it inside, unaware that a cockroach is clinging to the box. The insect attaches itself to Carrie's shirt, then sets her hair on fire, causing the woman to ignite. Later, Mark arrives at the laboratory to find James paralyzed with grief. Seeking to make sense of the tragedy, James returns to the Tacker farm and sees the burned shells of deceased cockroaches. He captures a sole surviving insect and places it in Gerald's newly crafted pressure tank, muttering, "I will make you live." He then introduces an average household cockroach into the tank and the two bugs copulate. Sometime later, Gerald and Norma return to the Tacker home, but he refuses them entry. James is angered to learn that the location of his hideout has been leaked to Mark. The couple leave food for James, then drive away. Days pass and the cockroach mating is successful. However, the female "fire bug" guards her egg case and James is unable to perform experiments. Several more days later, the egg case increases in size and James transfers it out of the pressure case and into a box. There, the egg hatches numerous infants that grow to adult cockroaches within five hours. When James reintroduces the mother cockroach to her offspring, they kill her and James sobs. Soon, cockroaches escape from their box and feast on James's uncooked steak; he discovers that they only consume raw meat and eat collaboratively, as a "single unit." That night, James awakens to find cockroaches sucking blood from his chest and secures them in the pressure tank. In the coming days, he suspects that the cockroaches listen to his voice and watch him, as well as form symbolic patterns with their bodies to communicate messages. Late one night, he discovers that the insects have escaped the tank to form the letters of his last name on the wall, along with the message: "We live." Terrified, James realizes the bugs have great powers and runs from the house to get them more food. Meanwhile, Sylvia takes a taxi to the Tacker home, intending to give James the Bible that Carrie held so dear. She screams upon finding the house infested with cockroaches and a cassette tape of James's voice, repeating: "I've gone too far." As the insects burn her face, Sylvia runs outside and dies in the barn. Feasting on their kill, the bugs procreate and climb into the fault line. When James returns, he discovers the insects missing. Mark arrives, looking for Sylvia, and notices that James has become mentally unhinged. Although James orders his colleague to leave, he promises to return to the university in a few days. With Mark gone, James is horrified when he discovers Sylvia's body. He grabs the Bible and tries to phone the authorities, but the line has been severed by the cockroaches. Hearing the insects, James wanders outside to see a bright red light emanating from the fault as giant cockroaches, now equipped with wings, fly away. Although James tries to escape into the house, the creatures smash through the window in pursuit and set him and the whole house on fire. As James tumbles out of the front door in flames, he falls into the fault and the cockroaches follow. The fissure closes, trapping the cockroaches underneath the Earth's surface yet again.
tt0090693
Action,Crime,Drama
Five young teenage criminals are arrested in and around Miami, Florida, and sent to Youth Hall to serve their sentences. They make up of two rival gang leaders, Ruben Pacecho (Michael Carmine), the leader of the Home Boys serving a three-year sentence for aggravated assault and armed robbery; Moss Roosevelt (Leon Robinson), the leader of the 27th Avenue Players also serving a three-year sentence for assault and armed robbery; Carlos Aragon (Quinn), a suave drug trafficker serving a 4-year sentence after being arrested in a police sting; James Lee "J.L." McEwen (John Cameron Mitchell), a violent punk serving a 10-year sentence for manslaughter of his abusive and alcoholic father and various arson charges, Dorcey Jon Bridger (Al Shannon), a car thief serving three-plus years for various auto theft and over 15 escape attempts from various juvenile halls. At the juvenile prison, Ruben, J.L., Carlos, Moss and Dorcey taunt each other as they are transferred and released in the middle of the Everglades, where a group leader named 'Indian Joe Tigre (Stephen Lang) makes them fend for themselves until the following morning. When Joe returns, he starts a fire, and shares some of the fish he caught. The five inmates demand to know what is happening. Joe informs them that the law has decided to treat them as adults because of their criminal records and the seriousness of their crimes, but the juveniles refuse to learn survival skills. Later, as rain drenches the group, Moss Roosevelt attacks Joe, but fails to take him hostage. Joe teaches the teenagers to use citronella oil to prevent mosquito bites, and how to build a bed from reeds growing in the swamp. Moss steals Dorcey Jon Bridger's bed, but later Dorcey sets a trap that leaves Moss hanging upside down. Back in town, Carlos Aragon's girlfriend, Nikki (Lauren Holly), visits drug lord Nestor Quintana (James Remar) to ask if he knows where to find Carlos. Nestor assures Nikki that he will locate Carlos in exchange for sexual favors. As Nestor inhales cocaine, he orders Nikki to take off her clothes in his bedroom. Back in the Everglades, Joe and the group scavenge for food, and soon, a wild boar chases after them. They climb trees to avoid being attacked, and Joe stabs the boar with a spear. They surround and kill the animal, roast it over an open fire, and eat the meat for dinner. Afterward, Joe announces it is exam time. He gives them a map with a destination, and a compass, then leaves. The next day the group sets off in a boat Joe has left them. Moss and Ruben Pacheco get into a fistfight after Ruben drops the compass in the swamp. Dorcey urges them to stop wasting time, and work together. Later, on land, when Moss falls in dense brush, Ruben helps him. After another day and evening in the swamp, they think they are lost, until they hear music. The sound leads them to an outdoor party with people, food, and drink. They see Joe, and he tells them that they are the first group to ever survive the rigors of the Everglades, and announces that their program continues in Miami. Joe and the five teen criminals move into an abandoned halfway house in "Little Havana" that Joe purchased from the city for one dollar. In the process, they evict junkies occupying the property, but allow Haitian squatters to remain. Soon, a drug lord named Cream (Laurence Fishburne) drives by the house in a white Rolls Royce convertible to see the reason for the commotion on his turf. Later, Carlos finds Nikki living in an expensive apartment. She claims that a friend lent her the place, but when Carlos does not believe her, she reveals she is working for Nestor. He accuses her of sleeping with Nestor and leaves. Nikki follows him to the apartment building lobby, and Nestor appears. He orders Nikki to his side, and tells Carlos to get lost. Back at the group house, Moss and Ruben prevent their respective former gangs from beating each other, then persuade the local Cubans to help paint the property. One day, Joe and the group are playing basketball when Cream arrives and accuses Joe of muscling in on his turf. Joe pretends to surrender, then overpowers Cream and presses his face against the sidewalk. On Joe's command, Cream's men relinquish their weapons. As the group collects the firearms, Cream vows revenge and leaves with his entourage. Later, the teenagers cannot resist playing with Cream's arsenal and pretending to be big shots. Joe warns them that guns are not toys. He reveals that previous members of his program returned to the streets and fell to drugs and guns. He wants to clean up the neighborhood, and break Cream's dominance. He says it is his mission alone, but his charges agree to help. Joe teaches them teamwork and combat technique. At a meeting, Cream assures Nestor he will destroy the halfway house. Nestor is not convinced, and threatens Cream so that he will carry out his plan. Back at the halfway house, Carlos tells Joe he is leaving in order to reunite with Nikki. Later, Nikki tells Carlos she has saved $10,000, and convinces him to leave Miami. While they are driving, Nikki tells Carlos that she overheard Cream's plan to destroy the halfway house. Carlos turns the car around and heads to Little Havana. Outside the halfway house, a gun battle rages between Joe, the youths, and Cream's gang. As the gunfight winds down, both Cream and Joe are killed. The group realizes that Nestor is the man behind Joe's death, and vow to destroy him. Nestor is busy building three new cocaine-manufacturing plants in Miami, but gives his associate the order to kill Nikki. He does not see Joe's youths as a threat. Carlos, J. L., Ruben, Moss, and Dorcey follow Nestor's men to a compound in the Everglades. The youths devise a plan to blow up Nestor's heavily guarded warehouse. First, they distract guard dogs with a female dog in heat. Dorcey sets off a bomb made with gopher gas, while the others attack. A climatic gun battle commences between the teenagers and Nestor's guards, while a mini-gun turret on the roof sprays machine-gun fire. When Nestor sees Nikki hiding in the shadows, he throws down his gun, and walks toward her. When he reaches for her gun, she shoots him dead. Elsewhere, Dorcey explodes a series of bombs that destroy Nestor's operation. As they drive away, Ruben comments that Joe should have been there in their moment of victory. When their car is stopped at a police checkpoint, they play dumb, and ask what is going on. The officer says he does not know, and after a few questions, he tells them to go easy on the beer, and lets them continue their journey. The five person group, now known as the 'Band of the Hand'; Ruben, Moss, J.L., Carlos, and Dorcey, along with Nikki, drive away into the night to an unknown future.
tt0081268
Comedy,Fantasy
Young Tracy Richards (Louanne) and her neighbor, Shingo (John Louie), shoot basketballs until Tracy's divorced father, Don Richards (David Birney), arrives in his red Jeep to take her on an outing. Don's ex-wife and Tracy's mother Paula (Suzanne Pleshette), tells Don to have Tracy back at a regular time. As father and daughter eat Chinese food, Don complains about the plot from a science-fiction movie they saw, but Tracy talks about the importance of believing in supernatural things. As Don leaves to make a phone call, Tracy opens a fortune cookie that reads: " Meet me in the lounge. - God." A second fortune cookie says, "I mean you, Tracy. - God." In the lounge, a man's voice beckons her through a red lacquer door, introduces himself as God, and asks for help. At first, Tracy thinks her father is playing tricks, but when other people cannot hear God's voice, she is convinced. God also says he was impressed when she talked about the importance of believing things that cannot be seen. Then, the voice goes silent. On the ride home, Tracy says she had a daydream although vague on the details, but Don, an advertising art director, assures her that it happens to people all the time. He then leaves her in the parked car while retrieving work from his office. This time, God appears in the backseat as an elderly man (George Burns) wearing a gray jacket, black-rimmed glasses, and a red shirt. When Tracy said she expected a deity to wear a crown and a flowing robe, God tells her she has confused him with the actor Charlton Heston. God complains that people do not believe in him anymore, so Tracy suggests that he needs an advertising slogan to spread his message. He asks her to create one that children will understand. Later, Don gives Tracy some pointers on ways to devise a slogan. Back at home, Tracy asks Rosa (Alma Beltran), the housekeeper, if she talks to God. Rosa admits to praying everyday, but says that Tracy's imagination is running wild when Tracy confesses to her experience with God. Later, Tracy tells Shingo about her adventure with God, but he does not believe her either. When Tracy angrily throws a basketball at the hoop and makes a perfect shot, Shingo wonders if she is telling the truth. At school, Tracy's teacher, Miss Hudson, accuses her of being inattentive in class and not turning in her homework, but Tracy is unable to explain her lack of interest. Back at home, Tracy studies television commercials obsessively, trying to figure out an appropriate slogan for God. As she watches The Johnny Carson Show, God appears on the television, and then, suddenly materializes in Tracy's living room. After listening to Tracy's material, God gives the girl another week to create a winning slogan. He encourages her to bounce ideas off of Shingo, with whom she and he eventually come up with "Think God." At a local McDonalds the next day, Tracy presents the slogan to God, he tells her the next step is to spread the word. Tracy is worried that the extra responsibility will make her fall farther behind in her schoolwork, but God is persuasive. Tracy rallies her schoolmates, who post signs and leave chalk messages all over town. However, Paula Richards confronts her daughter after receiving a letter from Miss Hudson. When Tracy explains that God has visited her, Paula does not believe her. Tracy is pressured to catch up on her schoolwork, while Shingo enlists his cousins to help spread the word. Later, Tracy complains to God that spreading his slogan has gotten her in trouble with both her parents and friends, and he soothes her by finishing her math homework. Another time later, Don and Paula question their daughter, but Tracy sticks to her story about God. Don wants Tracy to see a psychiatrist or a minister, but Paula wants to handle Tracy's situation by herself without outside interference. The parents decide to watch Tracy's behavior for a few more days. Back at school, the principal, Mr. Benson, arranges a meeting with the Richards because Tracy refuses to stop her God campaign. When Paula tells her daughter that she will be expelled from school if she continues, Tracy says she will stop on the condition that God agrees to the plan. When the school psychologist learns that Tracy's relationship with God started in a Chinese restaurant with a fortune cookie, the principal suspends Tracy and the psychologist tells the parents their daughter needs professional help. Meanwhile, Tracy's school friends picket in front of the school for Tracy's return. Soon, Don and Paula take Tracy to see Dr. Jerome Newell (Anthony Holland) who examines Tracy and puts her through a series of psychosis tests. After the tests are done, Dr. Newell tells Don and Paula that he theorizes (wrongly) that Tracy has created a "fantasy father figure" as a substitute for her real father, whom she sees on a limited basis since her parents' divorce. Dr. Newell concludes that there is nothing medically wrong with Tracy, but she is suffering from a psychosis. He suggests that she enter a mental treatment facility in Santa Barbara, California. Before Tracy is taken away to be admitted, she searches for God in several churches and even a synagogue, but cannot find him. Tracy decides to run away, and Shingo helps her hide at his grandparents' house. Later, Tracy runs away to Union Train Station after Shingo warns her that he had to reveal her whereabouts when Don confronted and threatened him. There, God finally appears and convinces Tracy that running away is not the answer, and drives her home in a motorcycle sidecar. Two policemen see the motorcycle (with no one riding it) and chase after it, but God manages to loose the policemen. When Tracy's parents find their daughter in bed, Tracy explains that God brought her home. Meanwhile, the news reports that Tracy's slogan has spread internationally. In court, a judge asks that a panel of psychiatrists convene to determine Tracy's mental health. Based on their findings, the judge says he will rule on whether or not Tracy goes back to school. As the doctors' panel rules that Tracy can start treatment, God arrives and introduces himself as Dr. Stevens, a psychiatrist. Demonstrating his supernatural power, God makes a chandelier disappear and reappear, and turns day into night. He then turns to leave and vanishes; only the door opens and closes by itself. The panel is left speechless, so the Richards take their daughter home. Tracy and her family celebrate at the Chinese restaurant. Tracy receives a message from the fortune cookies and goes to the lounge. There, God thanks her and her friends for their wonderful campaign. Although Tracy is sad she may never see God again, he promises to call on her if he needs help with a big problem.
tt0078736
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
In real life, mystery writer Agatha Christie disappeared for 11 days in December 1926. To this day, no one knows the details of what she did during that time. The film gives a fictional account of Christie's time away, showing her as a woman fleeing her own life after the death of her mother and the announcement from her husband that he is leaving her. She flees to a spa in Harrogate. With the whole country looking for her, an American reporter finds her and ultimately tries to help her.
tt0080149
Drama
The story of Woyzeck begins "in a small town, on a large, still pond." We are then introduced to Franz Woyzeck (Klaus Kinski) as he is performing a military drill in full uniform-running, pushups, etc. Immediately after, he is seen giving the Captain a shave (Wolfgang Reichmann). The Captain is thinking aloud to Woyzeck about what characterizes a "good person." He first comments that Woyzeck works too quickly, then criticizes Woyzeck for having a child without the church's blessing. Woyzeck defends himself by quoting Matthew 19:14 from The Bible. The Captain says then that he was referring to Woyzeck, not to his son. Woyzeck claims that poor people have no use for morals, and that their kind suffers in both this world and the next. "Even if poor people were to get into heaven, they would have to work the thunder." The Captain responds by telling Woyzeck that he has no virtue. Woyzeck explains that poor people have no virtue, and do only what comes naturally to them. The Captain complains about Woyzeck thinking too much and comments that he has a "hunted" disposition. He then explains that a good person does not behave as though he is being hunted. A good person is one of virtue. As the Captain stands to leave, he tells Woyzeck that he is a good person, but always seems so hunted. He dismisses him, telling him to go slowly. Woyzeck, however, leaves in a rush as usual. Next, we see him under a tree with his fellow soldier and friend, Andres (Paul Burian). The two are whittling sticks for the Captain as Woyzeck hears a noise. After looking around, he grabs Andres by the hand and the two crouch behind the tree branches. Andres asks Wozyeck if he can still hear the sound, and Woyzeck replies, "Still. Everything is still...as if the world were dead." In the next scene, Woyzeck's mistress, Marie (Eva Mattes), is watching a parade on the street below from her apartment window. As she stands there with her friend Margret (Irm Hermann) and her son, the band on the street approaches and the two women take notice of the attractive Drum Major (Josef Bierbichler). As the band passes their building, the Drum Major makes eye-contact with Marie and begins singing in an operatic style. Margret and Marie begin to discuss "what a man" he is-with the "paws of a lion." Margret comments about how the two noticed each other, saying that Marie looks at him as she looks at no other man, with glistening eyes. Marie becomes offended, and tells Margret that she should take her eyes to the Jew to have them polished, so they would glisten as well. Margret claims to be an honorable person, and claims that Marie "looks through leather pants." Moments later, Franz enters, carrying the sticks he was whittling, and Marie notices that he seems disturbed. She asks him if he was out collecting wood for the Captain again, and He explains to Marie that "it" was there again and it followed him. He tells her he cannot stay long because he must go to mass that evening. After he leaves, Marie comments that he seems absent, and Margret notices that he did not even acknowledge his son. Marie says that she believes his thoughts could drive him crazy. She then asks her son why he is so quiet, and if he is scared. Franz is then seen at the Doctor's (Willy Semmelrogge) office. The Doctor scolds Woyzeck for urinating on the wall outside "like a dog." Woyzeck explains that he was only answering the call of nature, but the Doctor tells him that mankind is free, and he has therefore committed an act of betrayal. The Doctor asks Woyzeck if he has been consistent in his peas-only diet. He tells him that they will add mutton to his diet the following week. The Doctor exclaims that they will revolutionize science, and asks Woyzeck for a urine sample. Woyzeck is unable to urinate, and begins telling of his apocalyptic visions to the Doctor. He says that a "frightful voice" spoke to him. He then says that the world will be completely dark when "nature is over." The Doctor comments on his beautiful fixed idea, and gives him a raise of an extra dime for the next week. Woyzeck stands, staring blankly into space. Next, we see Franz in his formal blue uniform with Marie and their son at the carnival. The two walk around, looking at the various attractions, Franz holding their son. The Drum Major is also their with a Lower Officer (Herbert Fux). Marie notices them as they stop near a man playing an organ grinder. She half-smiles at them, but says nothing to them or to Franz. They follow Woyzeck and his family into a show featuring a teachable horse. The man hosting the show draws their attention with a small monkey dressed as a soldier, claiming that he is the "lowest rank of soldier." He then invites them to see the horse, and the Drum Major and Lower Officer have a brief conversation about how attractive Marie is, saying that she is ideal for breeding young drum majors, as they follow her and Franz into the tent. The host presents an "astronomical horse" that can put any educated human to shame, and asks the horse a few questions. He asks first if there is a jackass present. The horse nods. He then asks the horse what 2x2 is, and the horse taps its hoof four times. Lastly, he says that the horse will tell the time, and asks the group for a watch so that he may verify the horse's guess. The Lower Officer offers his watch, and Marie asks to see it. He tells her that he is not going to give it to her, and she gets up to go to him. The Drum Major picks her up as she is walking over the benches, and lowers her down next to him, telling those around them, "This is a woman." Marie gazes into his eyes, giggling, and the next scene shows them alone in Marie's kitchen. Marie has him march around, and compliments his "bull-like chest" and "lion-like paws." She claims he is the epitome of manliness, and he tells her that she should see him on Sunday at the dance with his plume and gloves. He then begins touching her breasts while remarking what an amazing woman she is, and that they should make a brood of young drum majors together. She tells him to stop at first, but does not resist as he attempts to undress her a second time. There is an abrupt transition to the next scene in which Woyzeck is helping the Doctor with an experiment. The Doctor is attempting to demonstrate to a group of students how a cat reacts on instinct when dropped from a high window. The Doctor is lecturing a group of students on the street from a second story window, while Woyzeck is inattentively standing off to the left side of the screen. He commands Woyzeck to stand directly below the window as he throws the cat, and Woyzeck catches the cat. The cat deficates on Woyzeck, and he begins shaking uncontrollably. The Doctor has Woyzeck sit on a bench, and invites the students to feel his pulse and observe the various results of the pea-experiment as he explains the experiment to them. They notice his irregular pulse, and the Doctor tells him to wiggle his ears to demonstrate that he uses different muscle groups to do so. Woyzeck tells the doctor he is fainting, and the Doctor becomes upset. He explains to the audience that this is part of the "transformation to a donkey," and notices his hair loss. The story shifts back to Marie, who is sitting in front of her mirror with her son, admiring the shiny earrings the Drum Major gave her. She puts the boy to bed and sings him a lullaby before returning to the mirror to admire her earrings once more, saying how nice they will be for the dance. As she sits there, she compares her life to the lives of wealthier women. The boy wakes up, and Marie puts him back to sleep. Franz enters quietly and startles Marie as she is bent over the child's bed. She immediately covers her earrings, and Franz asks about them. Marie claims to have found them, and defends herself by saying that she is "only human." Franz tells her it is okay, gives her his pay for the day, and leaves. Marie says "God bless you" to him, and is left crying, claiming that she is a bad person and saying that she could stab herself. In the following scene, The Captain is walking down the sidewalk. The Doctor rushes past, and the Captain tries to stop him. The Doctor claims to be in a hurry, but the Captain tells him that good people are never in a hurry. Once the Doctor stops, the Captain explains that he feels melancholy. The Doctor observes the Captain is bloated and fat with a thick neck. He concludes that he has suffered a stroke, is already half-paralyzed, and will be a vegetable within four weeks. He will, however, make a fine subject for medical research. The Captain tells the Doctor to stop scaring him, and begins to imagine the sight of his own funeral. Just then, Woyzeck walks by, and the Captain invites him to stay and converse. He says that Woyzeck runs through life like a razor, and should be careful, lest he cut somebody. He asks Woyzeck if he has found any hair in his soup recently...particularly the hair of a drum major. Woyzeck turns pale and the Doctor begins making observations about his irregular pulse, angry facial expressions, and body tension. Woyzeck begins rambling about how cold hell is. He comments on the nice weather, saying that the sky is solid and gray. He says that it is so solid, one could drive a peg into it and hang himself from it. He finally leaves in a hurry, and the Doctor follows. The Captain is left saying that he does not like the fact that people confuse him. He says that a good man pays attention, loves his life, and has no courage. He says that he only joined the military to affirm his love of life, then walks away, laughing. When Woyzeck arrives at home, Marie is scrubbing the floor. As Franz approaches her, she freezes, and he picks her up slowly by the arm. As she stands, he looks at her, and says, "Ah, it's still you." She tells him that he is scaring her, and he begins to question her about the Drum Major. Franz asks how he touched her and where he stood. as he is doing so, he immitates the Drum Major's actions, standing closely to Marie, and groping her. He then places his head on Marie's shoulder and tells her that he wishes he were the Drum Major. The two begin to argue, and Franz raises his arm to hit Marie. She tells him she would rather have a knife in her body than be touched by his hand. Franz walks away from Marie, saying that there should be a sign on her. Franz then goes to talk with Andres. He sits nervously on a stool in an office as Andres is writing in a book. Woyzeck goes to the window, and tells Andres that they are dancing. Andres casually tells him that they are at The White Horse, and Woyzeck decides to go to Marie while she is at the dance. He arrives to find Marie dancing with the Drum Major and saying "Don't stop, don't stop." Franz thinks aloud outside, saying that they fornicate before his eyes like flies on his hand. He quickly runs away as a drunk sitting next to him wakes up. The man stands and delivers a soliloquy about a man thinking about the purpose of life. He says that everyone has been created by God. He says that soldiers were created to kill their own kind, and therefore, everything of the earth is evil. He ends by saying, "Let us piss a cross, so that a Jew dies." We then see Woyzeck running through a field, saying to himself "Don't stop, don't stop." He throws himself on the ground, listening to the earth, which is telling him to "stab dead." He slowly stands, thinking about it. He runs away, again reciting, "Don't stop, don't stop. In the next scene, Woyzeck is seated in a bar, with the Drum Major sitting behind him. The Drum Major begins bragging about how much of a man he is. He addresses Woyzeck, threatening to knock his nose into his ass. He approaches Woyzeck, insisting that he drink, because a man must drink. He grabs Woyzeck by the face, and attempts to pour the drink into his mouth. Woyzeck refuses and hits the Drum Major on the cheek. The Drum Major grabs Woyzeck, and squeezes the air out of Woyzeck before releasing him. He pats Woyzeck on the head, and sits back down. Woyzeck leaves the bar saying "One thing at a time." Woyzeck lies awake that night in the barracks, hallucinating. He hears voices in his head saying, "Don't stop, don't stop!" and "Stab, stab!" He awakens Andres, asking if he can hear it. Andres tells him to let them dance, and goes back to sleep. Franz says that he has a pain between his eyes like a knife, and Andres tells him to go back to sleep. Franz lies awake, shaking. Marie also sits awake in her kitchen reading from John 8 in the Bible. She reads the passage in which Jesus forgives the prostitute of her sins, and asks the Lord to not look at her. She comments that Franz did not come home that night or the night before. The next day, Woyzeck asks Andres if he had heard the voices the night before. After Andres says no, Woyzeck says that "She was a special girl," and hurries away and purchases a knife from a Jewish merchant. The merchant tells him that the knife is in good condition and straight. He brags that it is cheap, and would bring an "economic death." Woyzeck then returns to the barracks and gives his belongings away to Andres. He empties out a chest near his bed, giving him a ring, a crucifix, and other religious relics. Franz sits on the chest, and reads his birth certificate aloud. Andres remarks that Woyzeck does not look well, and should go to the infirmary. The scene then transitions to Marie, who sits, and tells a story to a group of children. She tells of a child who was completely alone in the world. The child went to the moon, but found it to be a piece of rotted wood. Then, the child went to the sun, which was only a wilted sunflower. The child then went to the stars, but found that they were only small golden bugs. Finally, the child returned to the earth, but found that it was only an overturned cauldron. The child sat, and began to cry. At the end of the story, Franz approaches Marie, and tells her it is time to go. The two walk down to the pond, and Marie tells Franz she wants to go home. Franz asks Marie how long they have been together, and how long she thinks their relationship will last. He then remarks that she has the breath of a whore. Marie notices how red the moon is, and also that Franz seems to be up to something. At that moment, he pulls out the knife and stabs her. She screams, and he stares into her eyes. Once she is on the ground, he continues to stab her. Franz sits, staring at her and weeping, and then panics and runs back toward the town. He runs into a bar, where he sits and talks with a woman. She sits on his lap, and he notices that she is also hot, like Marie. He tells her that she, too, will be cold in the end. Franz asks the woman to sing, and she notices the blood on his sleeve, and draws attention to it. Woyzeck claims that he cut himself, and wiped it off. The bartender notices that it covers his arm up to the elbow. Woyzeck runs away, and returns to the pond. Wanting to hide the evidence, he searches frantically for the knife. He pauses, and bends over Marie, touching her hair. He then finds the knife, and throws it into the water. Thinking it will be too easy to find, he goes into the stream to throw it into deeper water, and notices stains on his clothing. He goes even deeper into the water, trying to wash the blood off. The scene then shifts to the next day. Officials are investigating the scene of Marie's death. The film ends here, as the original was left unfinished at Georg Büchner's death.
tt0087359
Drama
Trama in italiano - Il film è ambientato nella cittadina di Grandview, in Illinois, nella provincia del Midwest. Tim è uno studente che, terminata la scuola superiore, ha deciso di proseguire gli studi presso un istituto universitario della Florida. Innamoratosi però di Michelle, che per lavoro organizza demolition derby, decide di rimanere a Grandview per contendersi la ragazza con Ernie, un pilota da poco tradito dalla moglie. I piccoli e grandi drammi quotidiani di molti personaggi tra cui spicca quello di Tim, ragazzo nel difficile passaggio alla vita adulta, e Michelle una ragazza indipendente che gestisce l'azienda paterna. Mosaico drammatico-sentimentale, focalizzato specialmente sui patemi dell'adolescenza.
tt0099578
Crime,Horror,Thriller
A nun, called sister Marguerite (Elizabeth Arlen), is trying to convince her superiors, the Cardinal (Philip Abbott), and the Monsignor (David Gale) that something must be done about a brutal psychopath who is killing people with a satanic ritual. Her superiors don't pay attention to her. A heavily made-up woman phones Russell "Russ" Logan (Lou Diamond Phillips), stating that the murderer will commit another crime at a particular place -Sunset Boulevard- at a specific time. The woman makes Logan promise that the murderer won't be killed or given the death sentence. That particular night, the third night, it's rainy, and cold. One police officer pretends to be a bum (Brian Libby), Carmen (Sue Giosa) poses off as a prostitute. Russell and another cop friend, Detective Oliver "Olllie" Franklin (Mykelti Williamson) of his, stay in the car. While Logan's lieutenant tells him off because he's using 12 people for 72 hours and nothing has happened now, Carmen has disappeared. The murderer has tied Carmen down. He takes off his mask, and saying that she must calm down so that he can help her, he puts his mask on her face. He shows a knife to her and is about to cut her bad when Logan appears to save her. The murderer runs away and Logan goes after him. Logan captures him, but he gets badly hurt. Patrick Channing (Jeff Kober), the murderer, was a kind and meek man who worked for the running water department. Channing is sentenced to death. Channing had threatened Logan outside the court before being eventually sentenced to death. The news breaks it to the first page, and there is a party to celebrate it at the police station. Obviously, the woman who had tipped Logan is not happy about it. She phones an exultant Logan to tell him that she had advised him not to consider the death penalty, and she tells him that he'd better solve the situation. However, Logan has not intention to do anything about it. Channing is sent to the gas chamber, but when the gas is taken off, he can release himself, he produces a knife, breaks off the mirrored wall and tries to stab Logan, who has to shoot him in self-defence. Obviously, all this is a nightmare. His cat wakes him up and makes him nervous. Logan picks up his gun and threatens the cat. He wakes up, enters a room and sees all the walls stained with blood. When two police officers knock on the door to take him to another crime site, he tells them to get inside and take all the fingerprints. When he enters the very same room again, there is nothing out of the ordinary. Logan visits a luxury mansion to see to another body. A red-haired woman called Tess Season (Tracy Griffith) has the vision of a pool of blood in the parking lot when she leaves her car. A passerby (David Katims) pushes her to save her from being run over by a car. That passerby had a newspaper on whose first page another murder of a beautiful woman is talked about. It is Carmen, the female cop. Seaton thinks that Channing's spirit has been freed and released back into the world although his body had been exterminated. Seaton asks to talk only with Logan, and she discovers herself as the woman who had tipped off Logan in the first place. She seems to be a kind of psychic who helped the police to find a child some years before. Seaton A dozed-away drug addict is accused of having killed again. Logan hears the voice of Channing insulting him, but the drug addict didn't say anything, and nobody else heard anything. Logan and Franklin enter Seaton's mansion house. They listen to her answering machine messages. She had a recorded message from Channing. Logan listens a third message - which has mysteriously disappeared- which sets a date in a particular place, the church of Olivera Street. Logan and Franklin take Seaton there by force. She blames Logan because she is now in danger - as both cops are. She stares at Franklin and tells him to be careful, because he is in direct danger. There is a fair. There are many people and attractions. A hanson pulled by some horses starts running all over the place. People gets out of the way, but Ollie cannot. He is run over. One of the horses gets frantic and hits him with his legs. When Logan and Seaton tend to him, Ollie says: "I've seen him. It is him." A young man tries to run away. When Logan threatens to shoot that young man on the rooftop of a 10-storey building, that young man jumps off. The young man gets to the floor, stands up and leaves without being seen by everybody else, mocking Logan once again. Nobody believes Logan. Two gang members who were at the site (Charles Raymond & Scott Lawrence) didn't say anything. Commander Perkins (Dennis Lipscomb) tries to reason with Logan, but another of his bosses, Lieutenant Grimes (Carmen Argenziano) laughs about Logan. Seaton is taken away by her lawyer, and she threatens to sue Russ and the police department. When another body of a young male appears crucified, Perkins gives to case to Grimes. Logan is afraid that Grimes is not going to do anything about the murder. Logan goes to a church and confesses. He asks an unknown priest (J. Patrick McNamara) to listen to him. Logan says that he lost his faith because his father died and his mother said that it was one of god's kindnesses. He asks the priest whether there may exist cases of possession, and a bad spirit entering people in order to make them commit crimes. At that moment, the priest becomes Channing again. Logan runs after him. Channing can fly, jump as a super-hero. Logan goes after him. Channing appears with a mask and an axe and tries to kill him. ---It was a vision suffered by Seaton. She was at a department store trying to buy a bottle of perfume. With the surprise, she breaks the bottle. The shop assistant (Melanie Shatner) tries to convince her of paying the perfume without success, as she is already running towards the place in her vision. She goes to the dereclit where he is following Channing to help him. She arrives just in time to shout "Logan!" That way, Channing misses his shot, but the scene is quite similar to Seaton's vision. Tess was able to scare that man away with an iron colgant of the pentacle. Channing takes a ventilator and is about to turn them to pieces with it. Logan and Seaton run away, and he confiscates a driver (Robert Colaizzi)'s car, using it to run away. Channing jumps on top of the car, but they finally succeed. Logan gives his card to the driver and tells him to ask about Grimes, who will pay for repairs. They discuss the matter, and the hot-dog street vendor (Gokul) overhears their conversation. He says that he's taken her out of hospital, and he humorously suggests that he should take her back there fast. Seaton takes Logan to see sister Marguerite. A nun (Lynne Marta) tries to tell them away, but they insist. Sister Marguerite finally agrees to see them. She tells them not to mess with the third power, and finally rejects to talk to them anymore, as the church considers it very dangerous. Logan says during their short conversation that he couldn't care less about the church. Tess tells Logan that he sees Channing because that's the look which the devil wants to to show him. They visit Channing's home. His grandmother (Julianna McCarthy) cautiously opens the door. She lets them in because Logan says that they think that Channing was innocent. She says that Channing's sister Sarah was a very good girl who died young. His father was a good man, as was Patrick -- sweet and quiet. Patrick didn't know his own father. Tess Seaton has a vision. Patrick's father had raped his own daughter and had a son from her - Patrick. Tess run away, as she was able to feel and repeat Sarah's words. Tess runs to the underground sewers. Another technician, (Grand L. Bush) tells them to go away. Some years ago, a child was drowned there, that's why that particular area is usually closed down. Sister Marguerite wants to leave the convent and tries to steal an image, to use it against the devil who is using the third power to possess people. Father Brian (Hansford Rowe) says that he'll pray for her. Marguerite leaves. The police car radio tells to Tess that Logan needs help. She runs after him. He had entered the water system with a shotgun, meaning business. Logan pulls her close and tells her to go back outside, but she says that he is there. Channing faces Tess Seaton. She shows her the pentacle, but it doesn't scare him away: she forces her to show it to herself, saying that she was using it the opposite way, and that he'll keep on killing as much as he pleases. Logan sees them, Channing threatening her with a knife. Tess Season pushes Channing to the floor from an unsafe building structure. When they go to the floor, it's drunk Grimes who appears pierced by a piece of tube. Perkins can't believe Logan, but he lets him go with a day off. Seaton and Logan go out together. They don't know what to do. On their way to Russ' apartment, he gives a coin to a female bum (Nada Despotovich). He produces another gun -an unregistered one- and says that he'll kill everyone who threatens him. Tess tells him that that isn't a plan. They kiss. A noise startles them. They kiss again. This time it's a sonorous thud. He says it's madness and pulls away. The attractive young bag lady appears dancing on the air outside of the room. Tess is startled twice. When she tells Logan, he can't see anything, until the bag lady appears again, breaks through the glass and attacks them. They run away in Logan's car. The bum appears on the back seat of Logan's car. She makes sexual comments and gestures to both of them, and she magically sits on his lap. Obviously, they end up having a road accident. Their car spirals out of control. Russ gets out on his own feet, but Tess has disappeared. Logan visits Marguerite again. She says that future tellers may have the second power, but that only god can give somebody the first power. She produces a crucifix with a knife inside. They go to the place where Channing used to make her rituales. Logan kills the bag lady and releases Tess Seaton. Marguerite performs a ritual on the body of the bag lady. She sets the pentacle on fire. Tess and Russ leave through a hole in the wall. Marguerite is slow. He goes to pick her up, but she has been possessed. Russ tries to talk to Marguerite, saying that she can win over the devil. Possessed Marguerite threatens to shoot him. Russ talks to Patrick on Marguerite's body. He asks him who he killed first - his father?, his grandfather? were they the same people? Marguerite tries to stab herself with the crucifix/knife. Suddenly, it's Patrick who fights with Logan. Tess opens the doors of the resevoir. Littres and litters of water flood the place. Patrick pulls her to the water when she was about to leave. She cries for help. Logan jumps to the river of water, which takes they three through tunnels and tunnels of water. Patrick and Tess are above a pool of acid. They fight. Russ appears to help him and it's Patrick who falls onto the pool of acid. Russ throws a lit lighter onto the pool of acid. Russ and Tess get down the stairs. Patrick attacks him again. The police arrive. Russ is sat on top of Sister Marguerite. The police (Michael Wise) threaten to shoot him. Logan stabs her with the crucifix. Suddenly, it's Patrick who was stabbed and died on the floor. A strong light wraps everything and confuses Tess Seaton, who can't do anything. The police officers shoot Logan. Patrick is dead. Russ is at hospital. He wakes up and attacks Tess. Tess wakes up -- it was a dream. She stares in horror at Russ - is the devil inside him? Fade to black. Credits roll.
tt0091003
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
There's a time travelling 1-eyed mad scientist that created a cyborg with a laser on his arm. Said cyborg attempts escape certain dismantlement, which ends up killing some Asian assistant scientist that tried to help him. After escaping using tank treads as legs and shooting lasers at hired goons, he goes to another scientist for help... played by Lt Yar from Star Trek. Yar has a little flying robot that seems to be a mix of that owl from Clash of the Titans, and R2-D2. Yar, Owl2-D2, and "Mandroid" then hire a river ruffian to pilot a boat to go up-stream. They find traces of Mandroid's human past with a picture of his wife and child. He can't yet remember who they are just yet.. That boat eventually crashes, and they end up being captured by some Neanderthals... presumably brought to the present by the time-travelling 1-eyed mad scientist. After escaping the poorly costumed cavemen, they come across a ninja who is out for revenge since he was the son of that random dead scientist at the beginning. He can manipulate time and space with his mind (done by playing recorded video in reverse or slo-mo)... but only sometimes, and for no reason. The River Ruffian, Lt. Yar, Mandroid, Owl2-D2, and the ninja find those old tank treads and uses them to attack the time travelling 1-eyed mad scientist's lair. Owl2-D2 and the tank treads bite the dust, and they carry on inside the compound. The time travelling 1-eyed mad scientist then shows up now also a cyborg (but red), yet wearing gold armour he took from Ancient Rome since he wants to go back and be the Caesar of the time. Looking like Iron Man on acid, he then shoots Force Lightning (a la the Emperor of the Sith) from his Roman shield, and traps the crew in a shrinking net of electricity. Mandroid then sacrifices himself (with minimal protest from the others) to save them. He dies. (Yes.. the main character dies and never finds out who he was and what happened to his family who should be still alive since it was only a year ago he was changed into a cyborg) The Ninja, Ruffian, and Yar then go inside and send the time travelling 1-eyed mad Roman Iron Man scientist back to 430,000,000BC, where he yells and shakes his cyborg hands to the sky in anger. They all just smile and then.. credits. The End. Awesome.
tt0093011
Action,Comedy,Crime
Detective Rita Rizzoli (Whoopi Goldberg) is an undercover narcotics police officer who stages an undercover buy with drug dealer Tito Delgadillo, when during the bust she sees her friend and informant Charlene being dragged out of the bar by her pimp and runs to her aid, alerting Delgadillo of being an undercover cop. After saving Charlene and shooting the pimp, Rizzoli notices all the money used for the buy is missing. Delgadillo retreats to a warehouse in Los Angeles where a family of Asian immigrants is preparing plastic envelopes of imported cocaine stamped with the gang's brand name "Fatal Beauty". One worker, however, has been sampling too much of the drug and, in his intoxicated state, prepares envelopes with a fatally high concentration of cocaine and a misaligned stamp. Delgadillo discovers the error but before they can correct it, the house is attacked by two small-time hoods, Leo Nova and Earl Skinner (Brad Dourif and Mike Jolly) who kill everyone within including Delgadillo and steal the lethal product. Back at the police station, Rizzoli is chewed out by her boss, Lt. Kellerman (John P. Ryan), for ruining the bust when he receives a call in which Rizzoli is needed at the warehouse where the drugs were being made. At the warehouse Rizzoli identifies Delgadillo as the only victim whom authorities weren't able to identify because his face was mutilated during the attack by pointing out the diamond pinkie ring on his finger bearing his initials that he showed Rizzoli earlier that evening. Rizzoli also discovers traces of Fatal Beauty and Charlie Dawson's body, which was stuffed in a van labeled "Kroll Enterprises". The next morning Rizzoli receives a call from Charlene, asking for money. When Rizzoli refuses, Charlene offers some information about the drug-related murder the previous night, hoping to sway Rizzoli to give her the money. Charlene tells Rizzoli that there is a goon squad looking for the killers. She also tells her that the person, to whom all the drugs belonged, drove a "Rolls." That prompts Rizzoli to pay a visit to Conrad Kroll (Harris Yulin), whom she accuses of drug dealing. After leaving Kroll's home, Rizzoli hears a call for assistance over the scanner involving a police standoff. Realizing that Charlene lives there, she immediately rushes to the location. At the location a man who is hopped up on drugs emerges from Charlene's house and is shot several times but doesn't go down right away. After the man finally falls to the ground and dies, Rizzoli runs into Charlene's house, where she attempts to resuscitate her with no success. Rizzoli is told by a boy at the location that both Charlene and the man who was shot, "Big Bubba" were both taken out by the new drugs and that they got it from Charlene's new pimp, "Jimmy". Rizzoli and her partner Detective Jimenez (Ruben Blades) find him in a restaurant, where Rizzoli places him under arrest; when he tries to escape, she shoots him in the buttocks. After hanging him up in the freezer and threatening more bodily harm, Rizzoli gets him to reveal that he purchased the drugs from a buy house from a man named Rafael. Rizzoli heads to the buy house the pimp told her about and is greeted by a man named Epifanio, who tells her he will get her what she wants. She is able to get Epifanio to take her to Rafael, but a hood from the night she staged the bust with Delgadillo recognizes her as a cop and immediately alerts Nova and Skinner. Rizzoli is able to get locked in a room with Rafael, where she gets Rafael to admit he is fronting for Nova and Skinner right as two of his crew members shoot their way inside. Rizzoli dives for safety, but Rafael is killed in the crossfire. Rizzoli shoots down one of the thugs, but the other gets the drop on her, but she is saved by the timely arrival of Mike Marshak, Kroll's bodyguard (Sam Elliot) who shows up at the buy house to help Rizzoli, and admits that he has been following her around since the night before by using a transmitter concealed under her bumper. After taking out the rest of Rafael's gang, Rizzoli and Marshak come close to apprehending Nova and Skinner when a section of the a roof collapses on Rizzoli; Marshak immediately runs to her aid, letting Nova and Skinner escape. Rizzoli is taken to a nearby hospital, Aka- Vista Verde but known as"(Linda Vista Hospital)" where Marshak goes to visit her. Upon walking into Rizzoli's room, Marshak sees Rizzoli and Jiminez going over the mug shots of Nova and Skinner and Jiminez immediately leaves after Marshak's arrival. When Jiminez goes toward the elevator he notices Nova from the mug shot carrying a package and orders him to freeze. Nova pulls out a shotgun from the package and fires at Jiminez, missing him. After getting into an argument about what Marshak's boss Kroll is allegedly doing, Rizzoli agrees to let Marshak drive her home. Rizzoli notices her cat on the roof and explains to Marshak about her cat's fear of heights and her front door being open. They both go into her residence see Zack Yeager (James LeGros) asleep. Yeager tells Rizolli that all his friends have died from using Fatal Beauty. This is further confirmed when he, Rizzoli and Marshak arrive at the home of one of the kids who threw the party and finds them all lying dead in the living room. Yeager tells Rizolli he got the drugs from his mother, Cecille (Jennifer Warren). When Rizzoli goes to Cecille in an attempt to get information about where the drugs came from, the two get into a physical altercation until Marshak arrives to break it up and takes Rizolli home. At home Rizzoli invites Marshak into her house for some coffee and receives a phone call that four young children had died from using Fatal Beauty; Rizzoli then has a breakdown and tells Marshak that she is a recovering drug addict, having quit after her daughter got into her drug stash and drowned in a swimming pool. Rizzoli takes a shower, during which she receives a call and notices Marshak has left, and that he went through her police files of the suspects she was after. At the point Rizzoli learns that Kroll had sent Marshak not to protect Rizzoli, but to spy on her to find out who ripped him off. Rizzoli receives a call from Cecille learning that Zack had cut his wrist and was in the hospital. Cecille asks Rizzoli to meet her at the hospital where she reveals who she bought the drugs from and that her supplier, Denny Mifflin, will be making a pickup from his suppliers Nova and Skinner at Kroll Plaza. Rizzoli and Jiminez head to Kroll plaza and are spotted by Kroll's security team. Rizolli and Jiminez are watching Mifflin and Rizolli orders Jiminez to get the drugs away from some kids that they spotted Mifflin selling to. When Jiminez gets the drugs from the kids he is knocked out by one of Kroll's security men. When Kroll is alerted to Rizzoli's presence, Marshak who is with Kroll notices Nova and Skinner entering the plaza. Kroll orders one of his men to take out Nova and Skinner and then orders Marshak to take out Rizzoli. Rizzoli meanwhile notices Nova, Skinner, Mifflin and his bodyguard, Frankenstein meeting together in a mall store to discuss drug distribution and follows them into the store. Rizzoli is followed into the store by Kroll's security team with their guns drawn. Just as Rizzoli is about to bust Nova, Skinner, Mifflin and Frankenstein she is accosted by Marshak who warns her it is a wipeout in which all five of them are going to be killed. Rizzoli then punches Marshak, which frightens Nova, Skinner, Mifflin and Frankenstein. When running in the store, Frankenstein is grabbed by one of the security guards. He then stabs him in the stomach. The security guard falls to the ground knocking over a rack of clothes. Frankenstein then is grabbed by Kroll's bodyguard, Eddie and is shot three times in the stomach. Frankenstien slashes Eddie's arm with his switchblade, forcing him to back off, but dies seconds later while calling to Mifflin for help. Rizzoli then shoots Mifflin after he fires at her. Rizzoli and the security guards pursuit Nova and Skinner, who open fire in the mall, killing several guards and Eddie, and then retreat into a sporting goods store, followed by another of Kroll's men and three surviving guards. Nova and Skinner race to the back of the store and shoot the fuse boxes, cutting the main power to the store lights (but the emergency lights come on seconds after). Rizzoli cautiously makes her way through the store, but the security guards get the drop on her, but she is inadvertently saved by Nova and Skinner when they gun the guards down. A short gun fight ensues between Rizzoli and the two men, but she runs out of ammunition. Nova and Skinner try to move in and finish her off, but she manages to give them the slip long enough to break into a gun cabinet and get a shotgun and some bullets. After Rizzoli kills Kroll's other bodyguard who was poised to ambush her from above and takes his gun, the shelf he was standing on collapses on her and Skinner prepares to kill her; at the last minute, however, Marshak appears and guns him down. Nova wounds Marshak before he, in turn, is wounded by Rizzoli, and retreats from the store. Rizzoli pursues Nova and runs into Kroll, who is about to kill her when Nova jumps out of a hiding place and kills him. Rizzoli follows Nova into a parking garage and shoots him several times, apparently unable to injure him. After Nova reveals to Rizzoli he was wearing a bullet-proof vest this whole time Rizolli pulls out a gun she stole from the dead guard and shoots Nova in the throat, killing him. Rizzoli meets the paramedics outside the plaza, where Jiminez is waiting along with Marshak, who muses to Rizzoli that he might be going to jail for a long time because of his connection to Kroll. Rizzoli agrees, but tenderly tells him that she'll be waiting for him when he gets out. She then gives him a kiss and tells him with a smile that he'll be fine.
tt0102631
Drama
An unhappy couple rediscover their lost love for one another when a 10 year old boy comes to visit them for the summer, and in doing so learn to deal with the past that had them falling apart. Willard Young (ELIJAH WOOD) is 10 years old and is going to a private school on a scholarship. However, for some reason he is afraid of everything around him. He has not seen his father for so long, he thinks he's away on sea duty. Then one day, his mother sends him to the small yet dull town. It turns out he's staying with an old friend of his mother's named Lily Reed (MELANIE GRIFFITH) who is married to Ben Reed (DON JOHNSON). While Willard is out and about looking for something to do, he comes across a 9 year old female tomboy named Billie Pike (THORA BIRCH). She herself dosen't know who her father is or what he does and has a mother (SHELIA McCARTHY) who just can't keep up with a relationship. But it isn't long before both Willard and Billie become something neither one of them don't have: a best friend. While their friendship blossoms, Ben and Lily come to terms with their own problems. Years ago they had a son to love, until one day he died of an accident and have been long suffering ever since. Lily in particular has been unable to piece together her life ever since the tragedy, not even Ben can get through to her. But with a little help from the time they both have been spending with Willard, they instantly regain their happiness and Willard on the other hand comes to terms with his own fears, even the discovery to the shocking truth that his father was never on sea duty, but in fact left his mother for another woman. As for Billie, when she tries to make contact with a skating ring teacher (whom she believes is her father) her heart is broken and must come to accept that she doesn't have a father anymore. The question is will anyone learn to accept what they have and what they never did? They must learn this for themselves, all the while trying to find the one thing that leads to salvation and redemption: Paradise.
tt0095238
Drama,Romance
This film is about a recently divorced mother, Anna, and how she copes and moves on with her life. Anna is from a family of some wealth and required obedience. She has learned most of what she would like to be from her Aunt Babe, a free-spirited, physically secure, and mouthy young woman. Babe becomes pregnant out of wedlock, is sent to Europe to finish her pregnancy and give up her child, and comes home only to try to resolve and hide from her downfalls at the bottom of a bottle. Babe drowns one night and it is uncertain if it was accidental or purposeful. Anna was considered a conformist at an early age and yearned to be more like Babe. Once her role model is gone, Anna continues with following form. Anna describes her marriage and sex life as rigid, and her attitude towards her husband as frigid. Her ex-husband remarries almost immediately which makes Anna all the more insecure, feeling easily replaced and commonplace. Then she meets an artist from Ireland, Leo, and becomes enveloped in his zest for life, his ability to make every aspect of life interesting, sensual, loving, and his natural beauty and compassion. Suddenly Anna feels like a desirable woman and invites Leo into every facet of her life, including her young daughter, Molly. Anna had been raising Molly to understand and be secure with herself and her body, reading her books about the differences in gender and from where babies come. Leo is comfortable and nurturing with Molly and genuinely cares for his new family. One night Molly has a bad dream and goes into Anna's room while she and Leo are having sex. They stop while she tells of her bad dream and falls asleep. From the way the scene ends it does not appear that they continue although they don't deny it later. Anna's ex-husband, Brian, shows up at her house to inform her that he is filing for full-custody because of allegations that Leo has been inappropriate with Molly. We learn that Molly came into the bathroom while Leo was showering and saw him naked. She was curious and asked if she could touch him to understand the difference between male and female. Leo allowed her to since he understood that she was a curious child who was beginning to understand physicality and sexual nature. Brian does not know to any extent about Anna's educational book and misinterprets what Molly says happened. In court the lawyers place blame on Leo, who takes it hoping to end legal matters and keep Molly with Anna. He explains that it was a mistake, that he thought it was in keeping with Anna's parenting, since she had bathed with Molly and was very open with her. A counselor agrees that Leo should have known better but he believes that Molly hasn't been abused and is a very well adjusted and happy child, particularly with Anna and Leo. In the end the judge gives custody to Brian and Anna's relationship with Leo ends. She does not fight for her child although an appeal was an option. She only sees Molly on alternate weekends and holidays. One of her loves was taken away and the other she pushed away.
tt0101625
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
An American named Phoebe (Sean Young) arrives in Rome, Italy, after her Italian boyfriend, Marcello, invited her to move there with him. However, when she arrives, he refuses to take her telephone calls. Heartbroken, Phoebe wanders the streets of Rome, where a dachshund, wearing an expensive plaid coat, snatches her lunch. She shoos the dog away, but soon after, sees a newspaper advertisement offering a $5,000 reward for the lost dachshund's return to its wealthy owner, Madame Van Dougen, who lives in Monte Carlo, Monaco. Nearby, another American, Julian Peters (Richard Lewis), is fired by his Italian acting agent. When the lost dog begs him for food, he notes its expensive collar and sees "Monte Carlo" written on its name tag. Phoebe sees him with the dog and pretends it belongs to her; however, Julian does not believe her, and guesses that she is after a reward. She reluctantly agrees to split the money with him, and they travel to Monte Carlo by train. Elsewhere on the train, American couple Neil and Marilyn Schwary (James Belushi and Cybill Shepherd) discus Neil's system for winning at roulette. American passenger Augie Morosco (John Candy) interjects that there is no way to win at a casino, and admits that he is a recovering gambling addict, traveling to join his wealthy wife, Elena, in Monte Carlo. Soon after, Phoebe sees Augie Morosco holding the dachshund, and accuses him of stealing it. However, Augie tells her he bought the dog from a man in the dining car. Phoebe is furious, and searches for Julian, who tells her that Augie paid him $6,000 for the animal. Phoebe insists they return the money, and deliver the dog as promised. Augie refuses to return the pet until a train porter demands to see its traveling papers. Augie returns the dog to Julian, asking him to find him in Monte Carlo if he changes his mind about selling, and handing him a matchbook with his name on it. Julian and Phoebe are forced to exit the train and have the dog inspected by a veterinarian. When Julian telephones Madam Van Dougen to tell her they will be delayed, he hears an unexplained disruption on the other end of the line. Meanwhile, Marilyn and Neil arrive in Monaco, and she begs him not to gamble away all of their vacation money at the hotel casino. However, Neil ignores her and cashes in every cent on gambling chips. Marilyn dons an expensive gown from Neil's wholesale clothing business, before joining him in the casino. When she enters, she catches the eye of a dashing Italian man named Alfonso de la Pena (George Hamilton), but when Neil sees her, he calls her a "jinx" and sends her away from him. Marilyn meets Greek gambler Hercules Popodopoulos (Joss Ackland) who asks her to pick a number for him at the craps table. After winning, Hercules shares the profits with her and teaches her how to place bets. Before long, Marilyn wins a half-million dollars. Elsewhere, Neil loses all of his money. When he sees Augie Morosco winning at several tables at once, Neil begs for his help. They place a bet together, as Augie's beautiful wife, Elena (Ornella Muti), arrives, and chastises him for giving in to his addiction. Augie ignores her, and he and Neil win a large sum of money. Arriving in Monte Carlo, Phoebe is still angry with Julian for attempting to sell the dog behind her back. Despite the late hour, they go directly to Madame Van Dougen's villa, as instructed, but find the place empty. While wandering the grounds, they discover her body inside a garage, and flee. Julian returns for Phoebe's suitcase, and sees a man hiding in the bushes. Phoebe insists they go to police, but Julian fears they will be arrested as suspects, and treated poorly because they are foreigners. When officers walk past them on the street, Julian kisses Phoebe to hide their faces, leaving her flustered. Soon after, they make an anonymous telephone call to police from a cafe. Police trace the call and soon arrive. After Julian and Phoebe overhear the cafe owner giving their description to police, Phoebe puts the dog on a bus to get rid of it, but realizes that she left her suitcase at Madame Van Dougen's villa. Julian refuses to return with her and they part ways. Meanwhile, Augie and Neil lose all their money at the casino. Distraught, Neil wanders the streets and prays to find a suitcase filled with money. Outside of Madame Van Dougen's villa, Neil's wish is granted when he sees a suitcase sitting next to a running vehicle. With no one in sight, he steals it, and returns to his hotel room, where he pleads with Marilyn to forgive him for losing their money. Marilyn says she put money aside, knowing he would lose it all, and chastises him for stealing the suitcase. When they look inside, they are shocked to find the body of an old woman (off-camera). Fearing they will be arrested as suspects, they pack their belongings and flee the hotel, planning to abandon the suitcase along the way. Phoebe arrives at Madame Van Dougen's villa to search for her suitcase, followed by Julian, who apologizes for leaving her. He goes inside to get her suitcase, where police lie in wait. Inspector Bonnard (Giancarlo Giannini) questions Julian, who is nervous and appears guilty. Phoebe hides among the crowd that has formed outside the gates, and overhears a witness tell police that he saw a man and woman with a dog enter the property, and identifies Julian as the man he saw. As Phoebe looks on, the dachshund returns home, and runs to her side. She hides the pet under her coat, while Julian is taken to jail. The next morning, Neil and Marilyn Schwary board a train, and check the suitcase onto a train headed for a different destination. However, as they celebrate their escape, the porter chases after them with the suitcase. Despite their protests, he pushes it through the window of their departing train car. They try once more to get rid of it, to no avail, and porters soon find the body after a routine check of passengers' luggage. Inspector Bonnard questions Madame Van Dougen's short housekeeper and butler, who claim they were out of the house all evening after learning the housekeeper's sister had been in an automobile accident. When Phoebe is found with the dog, she is arrested and brought to the station. The housekeeper and butler confirm that it is, in fact, Madame Van Dougen's dog, Napoleon. Bonnard questions Julian and Phoebe about Augie Morosco, whose name was written in a matchbook found next to Van Dougen's body. Julian realizes he must have dropped the matchbook, and struggles to explain how it got there. Bonnard declares that their accomplices have arrived, as Neil and Marilyn Schwary are brought into the station in handcuffs. However, Julian and Phoebe do not know Neil and Marilyn, and Bonnard tries to sort out the truth as everyone claims their innocence. Meanwhile, Augie buys flowers for Elena and vows to have given up gambling for good. She forgives him, and tells him the newspaper story about Van Dougen's murder. Back at the police station, Neil names Augie as his alibi on the night of the murder, and Bonnard calls Augie in for questioning. When Augie reveals that he met Van Dougen several weeks before at a casino, Bonnard believes he is guilty. Surprised to see all four of his American acquaintances from the train behind bars, Augie reluctantly admits to having met Julian and Phoebe on the train, but refuses to admit that he knows Neil and Marilyn, whom he suspects of being guilty. Augie claims he was with his wife at the time of the murder, and later asks Elena to be his alibi. She confesses that she was with another man at the time, in retaliation for Augie's gambling. When Italian playboy Alfonso de la Pena overhears their conversation at a restaurant, he flees, and Elena admits that Alfonso was her lover. Augie follows Alfonso, and convinces him to keep quiet about the events of that night. That evening, Bonnard arrives at the hotel to question Augie again, and reveals that a man was seen going out the fire escape of his wife's room. Augie claims to have been the man, and Bonnard asks him to reenact the events of the night, following Augie to the fire escape, and forcing him to walk across a beam to the other side of the street where he gained entrance into Van Dougen's villa. Augie and Bonnard enter Van Dougen's home where Bonnard has gathered the American suspects to try to get to the truth. They turn on each other as they each proclaim their innocence. However, Elena refuses to name Alfonso de la Pena as the man she was with, until Bonnard brings him into the room. Julian instantly recognizes Alfonso's shiny shoes and insists he was the man in the bushes at the crime scene. Alfonso confesses that he and Van Dougen, whom he calls "Claire," were secret lovers, and insists she was not in her bedroom when he arrived for their regular rendezvous. He only hid in the bushes to protect Claire's privacy when he heard Julian and Phoebe arrive. Finally, Bonnard brings in the housekeeper and butler, and reveals several holes in their story, forcing the butler to confess that he and the housekeeper murdered Van Dougen due to her abusive and harsh treatment of them. The Americans celebrate their release over dinner, with Bonnard in attendance. Julian toasts to Napoleon for the dog's part in leading him to his new love, Phoebe, while Marilyn reveals her $500,000 winnings to Neil, and demands he start treating her with more respect. Later, Bonnard tells one of his detectives that Madame Van Dougen left her $20 million fortune to Napoleon, and realizes that whoever inherited the dog will actually receive the money. Elsewhere in the final scene, Alfonso de la Pena sips champagne on a yacht with Napoleon.
