tt0412019
Comedy,Drama,Mystery
Sherry, the girlfriend of the former "Don Juan," successful older businessman Don Johnston, ends their relationship. At around the same time, he receives an anonymous pink letter revealing to him that he has a nineteen-year-old son, but he has no clue as to who the mother might be. Don's friend and neighbor ,Winston, an aspiring "Sherlock Holmes," compiles a list of Don's former girlfriends and presses a plan for a cross-country trip to meet each of them and subsequently learn the identity of the son. A reluctant and emotionless Don, armed with flowers, first visits the widow, Laura, preceded by her teenage daughter, Lolita, who affronts him by appearing naked in an asexual context in a show of emancipation at his expense. Laura herself, however, is the one person who treats him humanely and as a sexual being. Then he meets the successful real estate agent Dora and her husband Ron and they have an uncomfortable dinner together, with Don as a third wheel. He next takes flowers to the office old flame Dr. Carmen, now a writer on the psychology of pets and a communicator with animals, (based on her 'relationship' with a deceased canine.) Her much younger secretary gives Don a markedly icy reception supposedly because of his unannounced arrival. He unapologetically imposes on Carmen's schedule, but despite his best efforts he can not penetrate her armor. And the secretary, as an afterthought, returns the flowers. Lastly, he plies his charms with Penny, yet another example of resentment, living in the woods with a pair of younger motorcycle toughs, one of whom, on the pretense of gentlemanly concern about what he makes out to be insensitivity towards Penny, cold-cocks Don Johnston. Johnston wakes up in his car with the flowers broken. A little desperate now, he makes the brief acquaintanceship of a young, kind-hearted lady florist, Sun Green, who begins to show some inclination towards tenderness, although she finds his name, Don Johnston, impossibly quaint. Back on the street, unshaven and looking increasingly like a bum, Johnston has a brief encounter with a young male hitchhiker for whom he buys a sandwich, but then makes an awkward comment how the hiker, who has been brought up in a Fatherless setting, must think Don is his Father! This goes over about as poorly as every other attempt at expression by Johnston. It now becomes clear that while Don's perception of everyone from his past as blatantly neurotic is pretty accurate, Don Johnston himself, with the romantic supports of his youth withdrawn and standing lost perilously in traffic, is also himself a pretty spurious and expendable character in the eyes of the world, or at least for the moment his odyssey has brought him to that pass. Don ultimately returns home without solving the mystery but realizing that his past is lost irretrievably. Written by Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
tt1078188
Drama
Having been institutionalized for most of his life, Jack (Andrew Garfield) is finally released from prison at the age of 24. He and another boy murdered a child when they themselves were children. The film follows Jack's attempts to readjust to the world outside of confinement and restart a life which never really got going. Under the fatherly mentoring of Terry (Peter Mullan), his parole contact and social worker, he experiences a coming of age, which would normally have happened years ago. Forces from the past are constantly upon him. As we learn more about the events leading up to the crime which has ruined so many lives, there is an increasing sense of suspense, intrigue and ultimately doom: the tabloid press and Terry's real son are not going to let things lie.
tt1073241
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Writer-director Rod Luries new film is the story of Rachel Armstrong (Kate Beckinsale), a young reporter on the national desk of the Capitol Sun-Times, a major Washington, D.C. daily. Rachel writes an explosive story that reveals the identity of covert CIA agent Erica Van Doren (Vera Farmiga) that, once published, causes all hell to break loose and the government to demand the identity of Rachels source. With the support of her editor, Bonnie (Angela Bassett), her papers in-house attorney (Noah Wyle) and her husband, Ray (David Schwimmer), Rebecca defies the charismatic, career-minded special prosecutor, Patton Dubois (Matt Dillon). When Rachel also declines to reveal her source to U.S. District Court Judge Hall (Floyd Abrams), he cites her with contempt of court and throws her in jail, pointing out that Rachel alone holds the keys to her cell and that time in the D.C. Detention Center may help her come to realize this. The story follows the hardships Rachel experiences behind bars as well as the legal struggle played out by her attorney, Albert Burnside (Alan Alda), as he pleads her case on First Amendment grounds -- a case he argues all the way to the U. S. Supreme Court. Everyone is rabid to know: Who is the source and why is Rebecca so committed to sacrificing so much to protect it? As with Luries filmmaking breakout THE CONTENDER, for which Joan Allen and Jeff Bridges were both nominated for Academy Awards®, NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH is set in Washington, D.C., staged at the harrowing intersection of governmental power and personal integrity and told from a distinctly feminine perspective. While THE CONTENDER focused on one ground-breaking female Senators fight to maintain her dignity as she weathers a partisan dirty trick on her way to assume the office of Vice President, NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH portrays two very different, very strong Washington women as they fight to protect what they hold most dear. TRUTHs Rachel Armstrong fights to protect her source, her integrity and her career. And after being exposed as a covert CIA operative, Erica Van Doren fights to protect her reputation within the agency and the sanctity of her other life as a caring suburban mother. Written and directed by Rod Lurie, NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH is a Yari Film Group release. The film is produced by Bob Yari, Marc Frydman and Lurie, with James Spies serving as executive producer. Alik Sakharov is the director of photography; Eloise Stammerjohn is production designer; Lynn Falconer is costume designer and Sarah Boyd is the editor. The film was shot on location in Memphis, Tennessee. [http://www.nothingbutthetruthfilm.com/]
tt0421994
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Rachel (Piper Perabo) is a young woman living in North London, England who is getting married to Heck (Matthew Goode), a local stockbroker. Rachel is getting ready by trying on her wedding dress while her bossy mother Tess (Celia Imrie) and adorably dazed father Ned (Anthony Head) are overjoyed at their eldest daughter's upcoming marriage, but only make things more complicated for Rachel. Across town, Luce (Lena Headey) (short for 'Lucy'), is introduced as a young woman who manages a flower shop, and happens to be the wedding florist. Luce realizes she has to make a final delivery and drives off to the church where Rachel and Heck's wedding is. At the church, Rachel's younger 12-year-old sister, Henrietta, adds to the hectic scene by asking why the alphabet list for the guest is in that order and an assortment of other thought provoking questions. Complete chaos is close when all of them finally arrive at the church. When Rachel and her father are walking down the aisle, she catches a glimpse of Luce. At the reception, Heck's best man Coop (Darren Boyd) has eyes for Luce, not knowing she is gay. When Rachel accidentally drops her wedding ring into the punch bowl, she asks Luce to help fish it out before anyone can see, and the two women again make eye contact as if clicking with each other right away. A day or so later, Rachel goes to the flower shop to thank Luce for the flowers and the help at the wedding and invites her to supper at her flat on Friday night. Rachel does not realize Luce is gay and invites Cooper thinking the two would make a nice couple. Luce and Heck are talking while Rachel fixes the flowers Luce brought when Heck asks Luce if she is married or ever has been or ever will be. Luce then tells him that no, she is not married but might marry one day since the laws have changed. Heck asks what she means and Luce then reveals that she is a lesbian. Rachel is still in the kitchen while Heck and Luce are talking so she is still in the dark about Luce, and Coop has not arrived yet. Heck takes this news in his stride. Coop is undeterred in his good-natured attempts to sleep with her, even though Heck has now told him about Luce. The following day, Rachel and Heck are grocery shopping when they bump into Luce and her lesbian friend Edie. At one point, Heck asks Edie if she is gay. She replies that she is and she tells Heck that she is not only gay, but ecstatic. Edie then makes it clear that she and Luce are not a couple, but not for Edie's lack of trying. It is here Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, or as Heck puts it, "gay as a tennis player". With this new found knowledge, Rachel has a look about her that tells us she will be seeing more of Luce. With Rachel working all day at her secretarial job, she asks her co-workers about love at first sight and asks if any of them believe in it. Heck continues working long hours at his office job and feels frustrated about not coming home on time to be with Rachel. Rachel and Luce continue to grow closer when Rachel takes Luce in tow, along with Rachel's parents, to Henrietta's school to watch her put on a presentation to her science class. Both women grow attracted to each other despite the circumstances surrounding them. As Rachel continues to grow more confused about whether she may in fact be a lesbian in denial, she goes to a local video store and out of the blue, rents a few lesbian porn DVD's, and takes them home to watch. She hides them from Heck and anyone else who might see them laying around. Some time later, during a public gathering at Hyde Park for a holiday celebration, Heck confides in Rachel's father, Ned, about him and Rachel growing more apart over his long hours, while Rachel confides in her mother, Tess, about her uncertainty with her marriage. The group runs into Luce who is there with her mother to watch the fireworks and festivities. Henrietta is there and Luce takes the time to further bond with her. Henrietta tells Luce that she got her nickname of 'H' by her own parents when her mother, Tess, became pregnant with her after nearly 15 years and both her parents exclaimed 'Jesus H Christ!' when Tess discovered she was pregnant again. So, the nickname stuck. When Henrietta asks Luce why she is not married, Luce, not wanting to expose her sexual orientation to the youngster, replies that she just hasn't found the right person and that her job of managing her flower shop comes first. Henrietta sort of understands, but replies "That's okay. It's not like you're a lesbian or something." That same night, Rachel and Heck return to their flat where Rachel works up the nerve to call Luce on her mobile phone, but does not have the nerve to say anything. Luce returns the call on her message ID and Heck answers the phone instead. Feeling that Rachel may be bored with his work schedule, he asks Luce if she wouldn't mind taking out Rachel on evenings while he is busy at work. A few nights later, Rachel and Luce go to a soccer game where Rachel is yelling and screaming at the players. Luce tells her that she sounds shrill. She then teaches her how to yell and project more from the diaphragm. When they are leaving the stadium, Rachel asks Luce what she would like to do and the two go dancing. They go to a local video arcade and dance to a Kelly Marie song to the Dance Dance Revolution. Later, they are walking down a dark street and Rachel asks Luce what the meaning of flowers are. Luce tells her the azalea means "I wish you wealth". Rachel wants to know the meaning of the Lily. Finally Luce tells her it means "I dare you to love me". At the door to Rachel's apartment, when they are saying good bye, Rachel leans in as if to kiss Luce, but backs away when a car passes. The two back away and say good night. Over the next few days, Rachel continues to deny her growing attraction to Luce in an effort to remain loyal to Heck. For her part, Luce has no wish to break up a committed couple. Unable to deny what she is feeling, Rachel eventually confronts Luce directly about at the flower shop. She tells Luce that a romance between them cannot happen, and that her marriage to Heck is her sole goal to keep things in her life in line. Rachel leaves, and abruptly returns seconds later to passionately kiss Luce in the back of the shop. Their foreplay gets interrupted by Heck, who has stopped by to pick up flowers for Rachel. While Rachel hides in the back room, she overhears him talking to Luce where he tells her that he has sensed the distance growing between him and Rachel and partially blames himself for not being there for her. Hearing this, Rachel runs off. When Luce returns to the room, Rachel has gone out the window. Luce runs after her and tells her that she can stop it by telling her to leave. Rachel asks Luce if this is what she wants and Luce tells her that she wants her. The two part as they both know the marriage is the driving force for Rachel. Luce tells Rachel not to forget her, Rachel tells her that she will remember nothing else. As weeks pass by, Rachel gets more and more guilt ridden about her fascination with Luce, and goes so far as to rashly confess all to a drunken Heck, who feigns sleeping, without saying who her lover is. Heck later turns to Coop for support, and Coop angrily confronts Luce after figuring out it was her Rachel fell in love with. Luce decides that being near Rachel without being with her is too hard. She makes plans to go on an extended trip out of the country, leaving care of her flower shop to her mother. When Rachel and Heck are celebrating her birthday at her parents' house, Henrietta tells them about Luce's trip. Heck then figures out that it was Luce who Rachel fell in love with after noticing her reaction to the news. Heck does not want to be her second choice or to live a lie so he leaves. Rachel then confesses to her parents that she is in love with a woman and with their help, Rachel tracks down Luce as she takes a taxi to the airport. After getting stuck in traffic and Luce brushing her off on her mobile phone, all seems lost. However, Rachel realises Luce is in the same traffic jam and uses the lessons Luce taught her about yelling loudly to call to her. The two women reunite and kiss each other in the middle of the crowded London street. In a post credits coda, we see the characters some time later. Heck is on the plane to some far flung destination, all set to write his travel book. Henrietta and her young boyfriend are playing in a playground, and Luce and Rachel are still happy together.
tt0450340
Crime,Drama,Mystery
How would you feel if you were tied to a chair, in a locked down warehouse, in the middle of nowhere, with no recollection whatsoever of what happened, or what didn't. To add to it, you're not alone. There are four others with you in the exact same state of mind. Some of the group are responsible for putting the others there BUT no one knows who's who. That's how this movie starts, getting grittier with every passing minute. Five guys are asleep in an abandoned, run down warehouse. There has been some violence. One is handcuffed by one hand to a railing; one is tied up. "Blue jean shirt" wakes up first, and has no idea who or where he is. He has no memory. The other four are still asleep, but Blue Jean Shirt makes the handcuffed man more comfortable and wanders around. The phone rings and Blue Jean Shirt has no idea what to make of it; by this time it is obvious there has been violence. Blue Jean Shirt fakes his way through the phone conversation, including lying about a Glock being in the desk drawer. The plot unfolds slowly as the other four wake up and they try to find a way out of the warehouse. They get along sometimes, sometimes they argue violently; you know some of these five are bad guys and then you get the feeling that some are good guys as the clues continue coming and fall into place slowly, as the movie plot twists its way to the surprise at the end where it all falls together.
tt0383028
Comedy,Drama
The idea here is mainly Death, the agony in every one's life is accompanied by sudden moments of mockery even regarding the sources of pain in other characters' lives as well as the main character's life, who finally notices that each other character is not an extra but a main character in his own mind, or world. the idea behind the events were about to express the triviality that lurks in the act of a man trying to portray himself while he is portraying himself, which results in a man sitting painting in front of a tableau, inside the tableau a man is sitting painting in front of a tableau ...etc. As has always been, the idea of death, when it rules, makes every thing looks pale and useless>> as it is. No euphemism is cared for, and no simplification for the mundane is employed.
tt0443676
Action,Crime,Drama
Visiting the Russian Federation for a series of boxing matches, George "Iceman" Chambers is subsequently framed for possession of cocaine and sent to prison. There, he discovers a series of illegal full-contact Mixed Martial Arts matches dominated by inmate Yuri Boyka. The prison officials arrange these fights and place large side-bets to make a personal profit, often at the expense of the fighters. Once inside, the warden and legal adviser for Chambers state that if he fights Yuri in the ring, he will likely get an expedited appeal and early release. He initially refuses, but after spending time in demeaning physical labor in the prison's sewer system and experiencing firsthand the brutality of the guards, he reluctantly agrees. He is rescued from both forms of humiliation by a crippled inmate, Crot (Eli Danker). Both fighters train hard for the match, though Chambers still relies on his boxing background while Boyka prepares a series of deadly kicks, throws, and grappling combinations designed to humiliate his opponent in the ring. Prior to the fight however, Boyka's friends force George's cellmate, Steven, who is acting as his cornerman, to spike his water with a light sedative during the fight. During the fight, Chambers is somewhat taken by surprise at the flurry and variety of Boyka's attacks, but manages to hold his own through the first round by keeping his distance, staying calm, and dealing out painful punching combinations whenever possible. At the end of the first round, Steven slips the drugged water into Chambers' mouth and he takes a few sips. During the second round, he starts to lose his focus and begins taking more and more punishment until Boyka knocks him out with a devastating flying kick. Following the fight, Steven kills himself out of guilt. After the fight, Chambers (having learnt of the truth from Crot) confronts Boyka, believing that he was responsible for drugging him, and the warden, for going back on the deal. Boyka coldly tells him that he does not need drugs to win, and the warden denies knowledge of the deal. Upon learning of the truth, Boyka is furious, believing himself to be the first practitioner of the "ultimate fighting form,". Chambers asks for a rematch mainly to ensure his release. He makes a bet that he can defeat Boyka to win his freedom, though the officials also offer a substantial cash incentive to make sure that Chambers trains hard. Chambers seeks help from Crot, who then reveals that he helped train Boyka in his fighting style. Crot is actually a former soldier and martial arts expert who committed murder in order to protect his family. However, he feels this guilt so acutely, as well as a feeling of alienation from his family, that he has resigned himself to permanent confinement. Even so, his desire to see justice for both Chambers and Boyka inspires him to reeducate Chambers in mixed martial arts techniques. Working together, the two practice grapples, holds, and kicks which stretch Chambers' abilities. As the training continues and Chambers improves, the two begin to form a bond and relate their individual philosophy of fighting. Chambers begins to extend his mental discipline from the ring into his private life, while Crot begins catching some of Chambers' ambition, specifically the narrow and slim hope that he might one day be released and reconcile with his family. Near the end of the training, Crot teaches Chambers a devious leg Joint lock designed to end the fight. He somberly instructs Chambers to use it to its full effectiveness if he gets the opportunity. Since Boyka enjoys brutalizing his opponents and other inmates with a passion that borderlines on sadism, and his mixture of personal pride and high tolerance for pain make it unlikely that he will submit, Crot instructs Chambers not to hesitate and to break Boyka's leg to end the fight if he gets the chance. Chambers agrees, but privately believes that he can fight Boyka to a knock-out. Once the fight begins it is apparent to all the viewers that the combatants are much more evenly matched and Chambers is much more impressive in his style. The fight is long and intense, with flurries of combinations, grapples, and throws traded between the two. Eventually, Chambers realizes that Boyka will not lose consciousness, will not submit, and will likely knock him out if the fight goes on too long. Chambers alters his strategy and manages to get Boyka in the joint lock and ends the fight by breaking Boyka's leg, proving that he is the undisputed new champion of the prison. Shortly thereafter, Chambers is released from prison and uses his winnings to buy Crot's freedom as well. In a final scene, he wheels Crot, who is now cleaned up and in possession of several gifts, to a train station to meet with his estranged niece in a happy reunion. Crot thanks Chambers for giving him the remainder of the winnings to start his life again, while Chambers expresses his gratitude for the help and training. Crot then meets with his niece and the two embrace for the first time.
tt1486193
Action,Drama,War
In this intensely human portrayal of courage under fire, acclaimed director Renny Harlin (Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger) combines heart pounding action with real human drama, as he tells the riveting story of a war reporter caught behind enemy lines during the 2008 Russian invasion of Georgia. As a nation fights for its very survival, a brave and passionate coalition of international reporters and local Georgians risk their lives to tell the true human cost of military conflict. Filmed for six weeks on location, 5 DAYS OF AUGUST is a riveting, suspenseful portrait of the courage under fire. His spirit broken after an Iraqi ambush in Bagdad takes the life of close friend Miriam Eisner (Heather Graham), American war correspondent, Thomas Anders (Rupert Friend), seeks escape from the ghosts of his past. Rumors of war draw him to a military hot zone in the republic of Georgia, on the eve of a Russian invasion. Reunited with a small, intrepid band of war reporters in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi, Anders takes his cameraman and fellow road-warrior, Sebastian (Richard Coyle), on the road north, toward the breakaway republic of South Ossetia, just in time to witness a Russian airstrike on the peaceful village of Vaziani. While Russian bombs rain down, Anders and Sebastian boldly document the devastation, then shuttle survivors to a military hospital in Gori, with the help of a brave and beautiful, Georgian school teacher, named Tatia (Emmanuelle Chriqui). Unable to break his story through the noise of Russian propaganda and a world distracted by the Olympics in China, Anders and Sebastian race back to the battle zone to help a desperate Tatia find her missing family. Caught in the crossfire of full-scale combat and witness to the murder of civilians in another Russian assault, Anders records the evidence that will shock the world. But before he can act, Anders is captured, along with Sebastian and Tatia, by the architects of these atrocities, the ruthless Colonel Demidov (Rade Serbedjiza) and his mercenary killer, Daniil (Mikko Nousiainen). Just when all seems lost they are rescued in a daring raid by a Georgian soldier, Captain Rezo (Johnathon Schaech). Anders and his friends, including the world-weary Dutchman (Val Kilmer), must stand and fight for their freedom and their cause in a final battle in the city of Gori. Ultimately, while President Saakashvilli (Andy Garcia) seeks help from his allies, Anders faces one last test of courage as he strives to save Tatias life by sacrificing everything but the truth.
tt0091867
Drama,Romance
Lucy Honeychurch and her chaperon, Charlotte Bartlett, arrive in Florence. They are troubled by the fact that they don't have rooms with a view. Later that night at supper, fellow guests Mr. Emerson and his son George offer to exchange their rooms for those of Lucy and Charlotte. This exchange is the first of many events where Lucy and Charlotte are involved in the plans of Mr. Emerson, George and other guests from the hotel they are staying at. Lucy and George realize their passionate feelings for one another when George kisses Lucy, and it is not a simple matter of boy likes girl, but boy likes girl and girl is engaged to another. Now Lucy begins to doubt her feelings for her husband to be and gets caught up in a web of lies to convince herself, George and everyone else that she isn't in love with George. How will it all turn out in the end?
tt0074486
Horror
The film starts with a man named Henry Spencer (Jack Nance) hovering in space. His brain, represented by a rocky planet visible through his head, hovers behind him. On the rocky planet's desolate surface, there is an overhead view of a building with a large hole in the roof. In the building sitting by a window with broken glass there is a Man in the Planet (Jack Fisk) who pulls levers to control Henry's functions which represents his central nervous system. This scene is going to represent Henry having sexual intercourse with a woman named Mary X (Charlotte Stewart). Henry's mouth opens and a spermatozoon slides its way out, then rests erect at Henry's side. The Man in the Planet pulls several levers and launches the sperm into a water hole which represents the vagina of Mary X. Some time passes and a creature is born in the depths of blackness and rises to the surface. The next scene starts with Henry looking at the camera. He then proceeds to walk home to his apartment through a slum in an industrial wasteland carrying a small brown paper bag. Henry stumbles past factories with heavy machinery roaring. There is carnival music heard in the distance, but there are no people or automobiles around anywhere. The sounds of a steam whistle, as well as a horn of a cargo ship are heard among the loud sounds of the machinery. When Henry gets to the lobby, he checks the mail and finds there is none. He then takes the elevator up to his apartment which is Room 26. Before he gets inside, the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall (Judith Anna Roberts), who lives in Room 27, informs him that Mary X called from the payphone in the hallway and invited him to dinner. While in his apartment, Henry turns on some lights, sets down the brown paper bag containing paper-wrapped groceries, puts on light jazz music from a record player, takes off his shoes and puts one of his socks on the radiator since it was wet from stepping in a puddle while walking home. While sitting on his bed, he then stares at the hissing radiator which represents thoughts of suicide. We see that there are electrical wires around the radiator. He glances out at the only window in his one-room apartment which only has a view of a brick wall of another building across the alleyway, symbolizing his claustrophobic, prison-like setting. In the background is a small picture of a mushroom cloud which shows the setting to be a post-apocalyptic future. He then throws a stone in a pot of water in his dresser which is meant to be a superstitious gesture, and looks at a torn picture of Mary. That evening after dark, Henry walks over to Mary's house through the industrial wasteland and through a railroad yard to meet her family and have dinner. Before he goes in, they mention Henry and Mary's strained relationship. While Henry is talking with Mrs. X (Jeanne Bates) in the living room, it's revealed that Henry works as printer at LaPell's Factory, but is "on vacation". Henry meeting the family is portrayed as very awkward throughout the scene. While Henry and Mary wait in the living room, Mary's father (Allen Joseph) works on cooking artificial chickens baking in the oven, while Mary's mother fixes a salad. An elderly woman, the Grandmother (Jean Lange), sits motionless in the kitchen. The family attempt to eat the artificial chickens and salad but everything goes wrong when the chickens start twitching and bleeding when Henry tries to carve them. After dinner, Mrs. X interrogates Henry about whether or not he had pre-marital sexual intercourse with Mary. He confirms that they did and it's revealed that Mary had a deformed, premature baby. Mrs. X orders that they must get married as soon as possible and pick up the baby from the hospital. The next scene cuts to sometime later after they get married and get the mutated, alien baby home. Henry goes down to the lobby and checks the mail to find a small worm in a stylish black box. Henry hides this from Mary first in his pocket and later in a cupboard next to the bed. He gets home and contemplates suicide again, this time more seriously. During the night, as Henry and Mary sleep, the baby cries continually. The sounds of a raging thunderstorm is heard from outside as well as sounds of more factory machinery and rumblings of a freight train are heard. Mary can't stand it and tells Henry that she is going back home, leaving Henry to deal with the baby. The Beautiful Girl Across the Hall is seen returning to her apartment in a disheveled state after an apparently bad date. (It is implied that she may be a prostitute). Over the next few days, Henry has trouble sleeping and hears the baby stop crying. He gets out of bed to check its temperature and after the temperature reads fine he looks back at the baby seeing that it is covered in sores and apparently sick. After he sets up a vaporizer, the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall comes over and seduces him and they literally melt into the bed. The Girl sees the mutated baby nearby crying. The lady in the radiator (Laurel Near) appears again on a stage singing "in Heaven everything is fine" while mutated worms (symbolizing sperm) fall from the ceiling and she steps on them. Henry goes on stage and a dead tree in some dirt is wheeled out which makes him appear uneasy and he steps to the side of the stage where he acts agitated. As he plays with a railing staring off into space, his head pops off and the crying mutated baby takes its place. His head forms a pool of blood and eventually falls into it, re-appearing out of the sky and landing in an alley in the industrial wasteland. A little boy (Thomas Coulson) sees Henry's severed head on the ground and takes it away with him to an eraser factory. When the boy arrives, Paul, (Darwin Joston), the taciturn mechanic working at the front counter, buzzes his ill-tempered Boss (Neil Moran) to the front where the Boss takes the little boy with Henry's severed head through another door and to a pencil machine operator (Hal Landon Jr.) in another back room where Henry's head is made into erasers for pencils. Upon waking up from the nightmare, Henry hears something outside his apartment. He then sees the Beautiful Girl Across the Hall being intimate with a man named Mr. Roundheels (Raymond Walsh). When he gets back inside his apartment, the baby makes strange cackling sounds as though it's laughing at Henry. Henry, apparently agitated moves over to the baby and begins to cut off the bandages covering its body causing the baby to breathe heavily. To Henry's horror, the baby's body splits open as it was either too fragile or Henry had cut into it. Henry decides to stab into the baby's heart with the scissors and collapses on the other side of the room. The baby's innards flow over the electrical wires which then produce sparks and short-circuit the lights. He sees the baby's head hovering about on a now very long neck, as the lights flicker in and out the baby's head becomes gigantic and it engulfs the camera. The man in the planet is seen pulling a lever and apparently being electrocuted. In the final shot, we see Henry standing in some kinds of white afterlife and embrace the woman in the radiator. ================================================================================ Alternate synopsis and possible reason for the weirdness: It is an alternate world in the early 1970's. The United States was attacked by either the Japanese or Russians in the late 1940's or early 1950's; the Japanese having revenge for what we did in World War 2 or the Russians fulfilling our Cold War paranoia. As a result, over 95% of the population was wiped out. Little or no attempt was made to rebuild America and technology was halted to a standstill. It would appear that all electricity seems to be run on steam generators and factories are self-running. Henry lives in a 1940's era apartment with a 1978 record player and iron frame bed. And the X home looks like a relic of that era as well. It is set in a small industrial town on the outskirts of Philadelphia or a small town in Pennsylvania in the early 1970's. The population of the town is probably no more than 100 people. Henry Spencer was a child when the atomic war happened. As a result of radiation poisoning and the trauma of the attack, he was socially awkward, prone to frequent hallucinations and fantasy worlds, and with autistic traits. The X family has many forms of mental illness. Mr. X is manic depressive/bipolar, Mrs. X is schizophrenic, Mary with epileptic fits and clinical depression, and Mrs. X's mother with dementia that became catatonia. Because nearly all animal life was wiped out, nearly all food is synthetic or genetically modified. As for the baby, 20 plus years of radiation poisoning had modified Mary's reproductive system. Bringing a child into the world has been discouraged for the past 20 years. The lady in the radiator, man in the planet, and his head being made into erasers are all illusions Henry has for his miserable existence. At the end, he kills the baby, then presumably kills himself, but to him, it appeared the baby ate him and he ended up in heaven with the woman of his dreams.
tt0988083
Comedy,Horror,Mystery
This feature film tells the story of a reality television shoot that goes terrifyingly awry when its crew becomes stranded in a remote Northern town. A killer is on the loose, stalking cast and crew members one by one. As past suspicions, betrayals and secrets inexplicably come into play, the unimaginable horror of shooting this reality show becomes all too real for Jake Tanner, the show's director, his crew and Hollywood starlet Blanca Champion. With jump out of your seat special effects, spot on comic timing from excellent actors, heart stopping suspense and inventive murder sequences, this movie is a scary, sexy, fun and unforgettable ride ripped from today's headlines.
tt0075029
Western
Josey Wales, a Missouri farmer, is driven to revenge by the murder of his wife and son by a band of pro-Union Jayhawkers - Senator James H. Lane's Redlegs from Kansas. Wales joins a group of pro-Confederate Missouri Bushwhackers led by William T. Anderson. At the conclusion of the war, Captain Fletcher persuades the guerrillas to surrender, saying they have been granted amnesty. Wales refuses to surrender. As a result, he and one young man are the only survivors when Captain Terrill's Redlegs massacre the surrendering men. Wales intervenes and guns down several Redlegs with a Gatling gun. Senator Lane puts a $5,000 bounty on Wales, who is now on the run from Union militia and bounty hunters. Along the way, despite wishing to be left alone, he accumulates a diverse group of companions. They include an old Cherokee named Lone Watie, a young Navajo woman, and an elderly woman from Kansas and her granddaughter whom Wales rescued from Comancheros. In Texas, Wales and his companions are cornered in a ranch house which is fortified to withstand Indian raids. The Redlegs attack but are gunned down by the defenders. Wales, despite being out of ammunition, pursues the fleeing Captain Terrill on horseback. When he catches him, Wales dry fires his pistols through all twenty-four empty chambers before stabbing Terrill with his own cavalry sword. At the bar in Santa Rio, a wounded Wales finds Fletcher with two Texas Rangers. The locals at the bar, who refer to Wales as "Mr. Wilson," tell the Rangers that Wales was killed in a shoot-out in Monterrey, Mexico. The Rangers accept this story and move on. Fletcher pretends he does not recognize Wales, and says that he will go to Mexico and look for Wales himself. Seeing the blood dripping on Wales's boot, Fletcher says that he will give Wales the first move, because he "owes him that." Wales rides off.
tt1103982
Drama
GFE is five days in the life of an ultra high-end Manhattan call girl who thinks she has her life totally under control. She feels her future is secure because she runs her own business her own way, makes $2,000 an hour, and has a devoted boyfriend who accepts her lifestyle. But when you're in the business of meeting people, you never know who you're going to meet. The film opens up with high-class, high-priced call girl Chelsea, real name Christine (Sasha Grey), on a date with a man. They come out of a movie and have dinner together. The man discusses the movie they saw and tells Chelsea about problems in his life, including a friend who keeps borrowing money. They start to make out on the man's sofa. The next morning, a personal trainer, named Chris (Chris Santos), is exercising with his client, Peter Zizzo. Zizzo asks Chris what he's doing this weekend and Zizzo implies that he wants to hang out with Chris. Back at the hotel, Chelsea is asleep in her bed next to the man she was on a date with. She gets up and walks to the bathroom. Her date wakes up and orders them some breakfast while she applies make up. They talk about the economic bailout before the date reveals that he pays Chelsea to date him. They agree to stick to cash payments. This is then followed by a group of businessmen (with Chris and his client, Zizzo among them) on a plane discussing Obama's presidential campaign and the crisis facing the economy. Earlier... Chris is running through New York City after work and arrives at his apartment as Chelsea leaves her client, Phillip, to his work. She gets into a car and begins to account what happened the night before. She describes what she was wearing and how the sex was to the driver, and indicates that in her line of work she provides the full experience of having a girlfriend. They went to see the documentary film 'Man on Wire' and then talked before sex. She notes Phillip's very awkward goodbye and that he didn't make another appointment. Later... Chelsea is giving an interview to a reporter at a local restaurant where she notes that if they wanted her to be real they wouldn't be paying her. Chris engages a client named Pete in a conversation about his current method of payment and tries to convince him to buy training sessions in bulk in order to save money. Next, Zizzo tells Chris that he should come to Vegas with him and that he (Zizzo) is willing to pay for Chris. Chris agrees and gets dressed in a suit and tie before receiving a package. Chelsea is in the apartment and the two are ready to eat dinner. Chris tells her about Zizzo's suggestion for a "boys' trip" to Las Vegas. Cut to Chelsea talking to the reporter about various clients about the economy, business and her job. She goes over the basics and serves as a confidant for men who don't have anyone to talk to. After talking for a bit, she usually sleeps with the clients. Chris goes to a meeting with several businessmen to try and sell his product to a large market but the businessmen are hesitant. Earlier... Chelsea meets with a webmaster in order to get her website more traffic so that she can make more money from her escort service. The man tells her that he can work monthly and she agrees. "The Erotic Connoisseur" calls her and offers to help her reach more high class clients. She is hesitant to agree to this despite the Connoisseur's offer. She meets with the Connoisseur for lunch and he tells her that with the state of the economy, she should meet with a man who knows the most about her business market. Chelsea meets with the Connoisseur's contact at a local restaurant and they talk about expanding her business into boutiques and other lucrative branches such as books and movies. Chelsea expresses her doubts at this and then meets another escort, named Tara, as she leaves. She meets with another client who just talks about their past sessions but doesn't sleep with her. During another date, one of her clients sees her on the job with another client and they have an awkward exchange. On the plane, Chris goes through a similar experience as the paid escort of the guys on their way to Vegas. Zizzo points out those men who pay to have women around know that deep down the girl isn't interested in anything but the money. Earlier... Chris meets with the head of Club Fitness and asks about whether or not they are looking to expand. It's clear that Chris needs to make more money and he's looking around for more. He goes to his boss and asks if there's a way to increase his money and start taking a larger role in his own gym. His boss tells him its the worst time to ask for a managerial role, but Chris makes it clear that it's the right time to ask just in case things get worse. His boss expresses doubts at Chris's managerial potential because of the fact that he is too independent within the gym. Chelsea goes and buys a pre-paid cell phone and calls a client from L.A. who is visiting New York. She talks to him, asking about his family life and job in order to get a feel for him. He asks to meet tonight but she makes it clear that she's busy and asks if its his first time. She tells him that she has a rule that she never caters to people who have never hired an escort before but decides to make an exception for him. The next day, Chelsea meets with a friend at a local eatery and discusses the fact that she clicked with the client. She makes it clear that she is going to leave Chris and that she has enough money to be financially independent. Chelsea arrives home at her apartment where she gets into a big argument with Chris after she tells him that she is leaving him for a married businessman. Chris tells her that the man will use her for a weekend and then leave her and go home to his wife and family. He tells her that when she's left high and dry, she won't be able to come back to him because she ended it. Chris then goes to drink with his friend and mourns the end of his relationship with Chelsea. Chelsea meets with the Connoisseur again and he makes it clear that he wants to try her out before he takes Chelsea on as a part of his business. Chelsea is creeped out by this and tells that to her friend. Chelsea goes and shops for new clothes and apparel. As she's shopping, she sees a girl with Phillip and realizes that Phillip has hired a new, younger escort to take over her job. She meets with the client she dumped Chris for and realizes that, while there are boundaries, she genuinely enjoys spending time with him. The client tells her that he doesn't want to go home and asks if she wants to go away for the weekend. He tells her that he'll send a car for her and that they'll see how the weekend goes. Chelsea goes to a gym and starts working out. Afterwards, she withdraws some cash from an ATM and gets a makeover at a local salon. The client calls her when she goes out to the place they were supposed to meet and tells her he has to go home to his family. He apologizes and tells her that when he remembered his kids, he ended up crying and realized he had to go home. The Connoisseur gives her a very harsh review and calls Chelsea 'the Nadir of Passion' which is designed to hurt her business and give more business to the new girl on the street. Things come full circle as Chris goes to Las Vegas with the businessmen on the private plane in order to forget about Chelsea. The group arrive in Vegas and check into their luxury hotel. They party and meet a lot of women and Chris mingles with a bunch of them. Back in New York, Chelsea is walking down the street alone and meets with a ghost writer who wants to learn about her and her business, especially the fact that she was in a committed relationship while she worked as an escort. He asks her what kind of person gets under her skin considering her line of work. She says that while most people don't get under the outer layer, once in a while someone does. In the final scene, Chelsea leaves the meeting and goes to her next client, a Hasidic Jewish diamond store owner, and sets about to fulfill his pleasures... making it clear to her (and the viewers) that it is business as usual for her.
tt1602098
Drama,Romance
In 19th century Dublin, Albert Nobbs, an eccentric man in the latter part of middle age, works as a waiter in Morrison's Hotel run by the stingy and controlling Marge Baker. Albert is hard working and saves his money so that one day he will be able to eke out a better life for himself by owning his own business rather than work at the hotel. Beyond his work colleagues, he is all alone in the world. One day, a man named Hubert Page is hired by Mrs. Baker to paint one of the rooms in the hotel. She forces Hubert to share Albert's bed for the one night as he is required to stay to complete the work, much to Albert's horror. Hubert discovers the reason Albert did not want to share a room with him. But rather than the issue being a problem, Hubert shows Albert that he can follow a slightly different life path than the one he envisioned for himself - one closer to the life that Hubert leads with his wife Cathleen - which includes getting married and having a wife to support him emotionally. Albert's choice as a bride is his younger flirtatious co-worker Helen Dawes, who, unknown to Albert, is already in a sexual relationship with the brusque and sly Joe Mackins, another co-worker recently arrived at Morrison's. As Albert, Helen and Joe play their respective games of courtship, Albert may find that what seemed to come naturally to Hubert may be more difficult for him.
tt0084707
Drama,Romance
In 1947, the movie's narrator, Stingo (Peter MacNicol), a young writer from the American South, travels to post-WW II Brooklyn. He is befriended by Sophie Zawistowski (Meryl Streep), a beautiful Polish immigrant, and her lover, Nathan Landau (Kevin Kline). It is clear to Stingo from the serial number tattooed into Sophie's forearm that she is no stranger to pain, as she is a Holocaust survivor. One evening, Stingo talks with Sophie and learns some more about her past: that she was married but her husband and her father were killed in a German work camp. When Stingo notices scars on Sophie's wrists, Sophie explains that after being rescued from Auschwitz she was taken to a refugee camp in Sweden, but whilst there she went to a church, broke a glass, and cut her wrists. Sophie goes into another room where Nathan spends a lot of his time and finds another wine bottle. The walls are covered in images of the Holocaust, prompting Sophie to explain that it is Nathan's obsession. Sophie and Nathan's relationship is endangered both by Sophie's ghosts and Nathan's obsession with the Holocaust, as well as his violent temper and increasingly apparent mental illness. When Stingo visits a man who knew Sophie's father, he discovers she's been lying to him. He learns that Sophie's father, a Polish college professor, hated Jews. Later, when Stingo talks to Sophie about this, she explains, with more about her past emerging through a series of harrowing flashbacks. Something makes Sophie go to the Jewish ghetto, where she looks at all the people her father has condemned to death. She suddenly remembers that her father is waiting for his speech and hurries home to finish the typing. In her haste, Sophie makes a lot of mistakes and hurries to the university. Her father (Ivica Pajer) reads the speech in front of a large crowd of people and becomes very angry. Later, Sophie has a lover, Józef (Nedim Prohic), who lives with his half-sister, Wanda (Katharina Thalbach), a leader in the Resistance. Wanda tries to convince Sophie to translate some stolen Gestapo documents, but fearing she may endanger her children (Jennifer Lawn & Adrian Kalitka), she declines. Two weeks later, Józef is murdered by the Gestapo, and a short time later Sophie is arrested and sent to Auschwitz with her children. Upon arrival, the Germans decide who will live and who will die. Jan, Sophie's son, is sent to the children's camp, and her daughter, Eva, is sent to her death in Crematorium Two. Sophie later learns of an epidemic in the children's camp, and becomes concerned for her son's well-being. She convinces the Commandant to let him into the Lebensborn programme. He relents and tells Sophie she will see him the next day. However, the Commandant breaks his promise about letting Sophie see her son. She never finds out what happened to him. Back in the present, Nathan asks Sophie to marry him and she accepts. Stingo feels betrayed, as he is falling in love with Sophie, but agrees to be Nathan's best man. When Nathan goes into another of his violent moods, Sophie runs to Stingo. At this point, Nathan makes a threatening phone-call which ends with the sound of a gun firing, and Nathan making more threats. Stingo and Sophie flee and check into a hotel. Stingo insists that they start a family, but Sophie has yet to tell him her final secret - her choice. She recounts the night she arrived at Auschwitz with her children, and of how a Nazi officer forced her to choose life for one child, and death for the other. Despite her plea of "Don't make me choose. I can't choose", Sophie's words fall on deaf ears. When a young Nazi is told to take both children away, she releases her daughter, shouting "Take my little girl!". Sophie can only watch as the screaming little girl is carried away to die, her guilt and despair all too clear. Once she has told him, Sophie asks Stingo not to talk about marriage and children. They sleep together that night, but Stingo wakes up alone. Sophie has left him a note, saying she has gone back to Nathan, but that Stingo is a great lover. Stingo later goes back to the building where he met Sophie and Nathan, only to find everybody in a state of shock. Stingo is led up to Sophie and Nathan's room where he finds they have committed suicide. Picking up Nathan's book of Emily Dickinson poems, Stingo recites "Ample Make This Bed", as if he were delivering a eulogy at a funeral. The film ends with Stingo leaving Brooklyn, the screen going misty, and an image of Sophie's face fading into view.
tt0844286
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The film opens during the childhood of the orphaned protagonists, Stephen (Mark Ruffalo) and Bloom (Adrien Brody). Stephen, the older of the two by 3 years, instigates various acts of dishonesty and mayhem, while younger brother Bloom is content to play along with the shenanigans. The brothers' unrepentant mischief making causes their constant eviction from one foster home to the next. This prologue is narrated by magician Ricky Jay, foreshadowing the film's later focus on card tricks and sleight of hand. After 38 different foster families, the brothers are transferred to a close-knit small town filled with friendly children their age. Bloom begins to long for the comfort of a normal and honest social life, and develops a crush on one of the girls there, although he is too shy to approach anyone, and therefore keeps his feelings inside. Stephen notices this however, and realizes he can use his brother's interest in the children to create a role for his brother to play so he may befriend the children, and help them execute their first con. Stephen has Bloom convince his new friends that a mysterious old hermit told him of a cave that contains a magical whippoorwill. The hermit, Bloom claims, will reveal the location of the cave for $30. The children believe the story, he collects $30 among the group members, and they venture out to the cave. Stephen hides inside the cave just out of their sight, waving a lantern to hint at the magic whippoorwill just out of sight. The excited children run toward the light. Bloom, caught up in the moment runs too, but catching sight of his brother, remembers the con and becomes disheartened. The other children however are gleeful as they run through the muddy cave. Later, however the fuming parents of the hoodwinked children confront the brothers' foster parents. The boys return the $30, and are returned to the orphanage for larceny. However they end up profiting through the con's true target: they take a cut of the profits made by the town's lone dry cleaner who benefited by cleaning the muddy clothes of the bamboozled children. The film picks up 25 years later with the brother's latest con. At a party celebrating the successful end of it, Stephen celebrates as Bloom wanders into a quiet room contemplating his dishonest life, one that seems to lack substance. He is playing solitaire when a young woman named Ruth arrives and begins flirting with him. Bloom explains that the reason he and Stephen's cons work so well is because they include symbolic themes and hidden associations, which trick the mind into recalling old memories, which the brothers use to their advantage. She tries to kiss him but Bloom gets up and walks away. He tells her that Stephen arranges everything perfectly, even that Ruth had been set up to want to kiss him. Bloom goes outside to get some air. Stephen comes out of the bar and the two walk through a Berlin Zoo. Outside of the camel cage, Stephen discusses the fake blood on Blooms suit (commenting on the one flaw: that fake blood doesnt turn brown after thirty minutes like real blood) but Bloom doesnt want to hear it. Bloom tells Stephen that he's tired of conning people and not living the way he wants to. He wants an unwritten life which he can't have if Stephen keeps coming up with the scripts to the cons. He tells Stephen he loves him and leaves Stephen in the zoo. He makes good on his recurring threat to leave the con business, and he moves to Montenegro. Three months later Stephen finds him and asks Bloom to help execute one final con. The two will masquerade as two antique dealers and, along with their associate Bang Bang (Rinko Kikuchi), a Japanese explosives expert, will con a rich, socially-isolated New Jersey heiress named Penelope Stamp (Rachel Weisz). Bloom reluctantly agrees to the scheme, and the three travel to New Jersey to meet Penelope. The Brothers rent a Cadillac and go to the house and spy on it through binoculars and a telescope. Just then a canary yellow Lamborghini roars up the winding driveway and crashes into a statue. Out steps Penelope. Bloom changes his mind and doesnt want to con her because she is a woman, and Stephen had long ago promised that they would never con a woman. Stephen tells Bloom the con is designed to give Bloom what Bloom really wants, and tells him how its going to play out while Bloom watches Penelope play a song by The Clash on a harp. The plan is for Bloom to meet Penelope through a staged car accident, where she will hit him while he rides a bike. A few days later, Penelope is driving her Lamborghini down the street when Stephen and Bang Bang send Bloom down a hill on a bike right into the car. The plan fails however, when Penelope accidentally suffers a seizure after hitting the bike, injuring herself instead of Bloom. After Penelope is discharged from the hospital Bloom drives her home and the two talk over tea. Bloom initiates the conversation by describing how his brother and he grew up to be antique dealers. Penelope keeps losing focus and snoring with her eyes open, which prompts Bloom to change the subject and ask about Penelope's past. Penelope explains that she was a shut in for most of her life because doctors thought she was allergic to everything. She later found out she was only allergic to the needles used for the test, but before she could leave her house and enjoy the world, her mother became ill. She tells Bloom how she "collects" hobbies; hearing about them, then studying them until she has mastered them. She has developed many unusual talents ranging from juggling chainsaws, making pinhole cameras, playing the harp, guitar, and banjo, deejaying, riding a unicycle, and making origami. Penelope asks if she will see him again and Bloom tells her that he and his brother are leaving the country by ship the next day, and will be gone for at least 3 months. The next day, Bloom, Steven and Bang Bang are at the docks preparing to board a steamer bound for Greece. Bloom expresses doubts as to whether he hooked Penelope, but a few seconds later she crashes her car near the port. Unharmed, Penelope says hello and tells Bloom that she wanted to repay him and seeing the ship decides she will be joining them on their trip. She reasons that it looks fun and that she wants to see the world. Bloom introduces Penelope to Bang Bang and Stephen. The group enjoys themselves on the cruise and they play various games. Aboard the ship that night a Belgian man, Maximilian "The Curator" Melville (Robbie Coltrane), hired by Stephen, sneaks up on Penelope and tells her that the Brothers Bloom are not antique dealers, but are in fact antique smugglers. The four arrive in Greece, where Melville, as instructed by Stephen, offers Penelope a fake smuggling job of retrieving an ancient book from a hidden chamber in a museum in Prague, for an Argentine collector. Penelope convinces the Brothers to travel to Prague with her, unaware that this is all planned and staged. Bloom is upset that the smuggling business has gone straight to Penelopes head. She even goes so far as to make a smugglers flag. Stephen tells Bloom to let her have her fun. On the train, Bloom sees Penelope and Bang Bang stealing snacks from the porter. Upset that Bang Bang is encouraging Penelope, he separates the two. Bloom and Penelope sit in a cabin as Penelope drinks the gin that she stole. A lightening storm begins and Penelope explains that she loves thunderstorms! She begins to moan and roll around on her bed, then blurts out that she is horny. Bloom instantly leaves, quickly wishing her a good night. In the bar car, Stephen receives a telegram from their old mentor, Diamond Dog. Apparently, Diamond Dog and the Brothers Bloom had a falling out which resulted in Stephen cutting out one of Diamond Dogs eyes. He tells Bang Bang to send a message back: If you feel the need to lose the other eye, you're welcome to. Stop. Love The Brothers Bloom. He then burns the telegram he just read. They arrive in Prague the next day, and meet again with Maximilian. He tells them that as middlemen they must buy the book from him for a million dollars and then they can have it to sell to the collector for 2.5 million. The Curator asks Penelope for the cheque, and tells her to come back tomorrow for the book. When they return the next morning, the Curator's apartment is empty. He appears to have gone and taken the money with him. Stephen and Bloom tell Penelope to give it up as a lost cause; however, she decides that they should steal the book themselves. Bloom doesnt want to do it, but Penelope is insistent. The group hatches a plan to steal the book. The plan is for Bang Bang to place some explosives in the Prague Castle which are small enough to only set off the fire alarm and make everybody evacuate the building. However, Penelope accidentally puts the remaining brick of plastic explosive in the wrong bag. When Bang Bang clicks the pen/trigger, an entire tower is destroyed, resulting in the military being called in. Penelope, unaware of the military presence, enters the museum nonetheless. She retrieves the book but messily tries to escape through a ventilation shaft, which gives out under her weight and drops her into a room filled with armed soldiers. The Brothers Bloom and Bang Bang watch as she is driven away in the back of a police car - which stops just past them and lets Penelope out. No-one can figure out what she said to convince them that she was there for legitimate reasons. Later that evening in the Prague hotel, Bloom is sitting at the bar, drawing a picture of Penelope. As he is sketching from memory, their former mentor, but current enemy, Diamond Dog (Maximilian Schell) appears. He warns Bloom that since Stephen won't be around to help him with the cons forever, Bloom should join him. Bloom turns down the offer and it is implied that he loved Bloom in a physical sense the way he begins to touch his leg. As Diamond Dog advances on Bloom, Stephen arrives and smashes a bottle on the counter and cuts Diamond Dog's hand with it. The Brothers make their exit. The party travels to Mexico for the conclusion of the con. Bloom and Penelope develop their relationship further. Bloom is legitimately in love with her. When they arrive in Mexico, Bloom acts on his feelings and tells Penelope she is being conned, and that it was led by Stephen. He takes her to get her money from Stephens room, but Stephen is waiting for them in a chair. He tells Bloom that he is disappointed. A fight develops between Stephen and Bloom and a gun is accidentally knocked down and discharged. Stephen appears to be shot and is dying in Bloom's arms. Penelope checks out the wound and realizes that it's fake blood and that she is being conned again, and leaves with a broken heart. Three Months Later Penelope is writing a letter on her veranda and clicks her pen. Her mansion explodes and she walks away. She travels to Montenegro to find Bloom. Penelope wants to run a con because she thinks it will be fun. Bloom is shocked and upset. He finds out that Bang Bang gave Penelope her cell number and helped to find him. Not able to deny his love for her, he meets with Stephen to set up one final con to end it all, for Penelope's sake. The brothers set off to St. Petersburg for their final con. It involves selling the book to the Russian mob which includes all of them getting ambushed and killed. Bloom is to get shot helping Penelope escape. To pull this off, Stephen is forced to hire Diamond Dog to assist them, since he is the leader of the only Russian mobsters willing to deal with con men. They expect to make $1,750,000 off Penelope. The plan goes awry however, when they are ambushed by Diamond Dog's Russian gang while headed for the initial exchange. They are shot at and the car is run off the road, They hit a tree and narrowly escape before the car explodes. Bloom passes out just as figures approach. When Bloom comes to, he is told by Penelope that Stephen is missing, however they do find his notebook. The notebook contains a ransom note asking for $1.75 million. The two of them meet with Bang Bang in a parking lot. Bloom confronts her about what is going on. He asks if this is part of Stephens con, but she just looks sad as she shakes his hand and gives him a farewell note. She appears to get into her car, which immediately explodes. Penelope transfers the funds to the kidnappers. They are told to go to an old burned out theater. Bloom enters with Penelope waiting for him outside in the car. He is surrounded by darkness. A spot light snaps on and Bloom finds Stephen tied up and beaten severely. Stephen tells him not to move since the gang is calling to see if the money was wired through. Bloom sees a shadowy figure standing behind Stephen who raises his gun and points it at Stephen before shutting off the light. Bloom points his own gun at the man and fires several times. A fierce gun battle occurs between the two until Bloom is bathed in light by a hole in the ceiling, giving the Russian the upper hand. Stephen tackles Bloom out of the way, taking a bullet to the gut in the process. Before Bloom can chase the assassin, Stephen succumbs to his injury, goes into a seizure and collapses on the floor. A horrified Bloom asks Stephen whether this was real, or just the "perfect con." Stephen jumps up and tells Bloom it was all a con. Stephen then tells Bloom to think of a card out of a deck. Stephen reveals the Queen of Hearts and Bloom responds with "That's the best card trick I've ever seen," fulfilling a pseudo-prophecy made by Stephen earlier in the film. Stephen tells Bloom to go, and leave St. Petersburg forever with Penelope and that they'll "meet again sometime." Stephen hugs his brother, covering Bloom in blood, and Bloom leaves the theater. Bloom and Penelope drive away in the car and Bloom falls asleep. When he wakes up they have left Russia behind them. However, Bloom notices that Stephens blood stain on his shirt has turned from red to brown. The blood is real. Bloom, realizing what actually happened, breaks down on the side of the road while Penelope is trying to comfort him. The scene changes back to Stephen, who is dragging the chair to the center of the stage. Still bleeding from the gunshot, he slowly sits down, pushes the Queen of Hearts up his sleeve (suggesting he knew what card Bloom would be thinking about), and dies. Penelope tells Bloom what Stephen once told her, "That there are no such thing as unwritten life. Just a badly written one." She tells him that they're going to live like they're telling the best story in the whole world. As they're leaving, Bloom reminisces about another thing Stephen had once told him, "The perfect con is one where everyone involved gets just the thing they wanted." For Penelope and Bloom, what they wanted was life with each other, while for Stephen it was to write a con so perfect it became real, and, like their first con, left everyone involved happy in the end. Bloom and Penelope drive off into the distance as the sun sets.
tt0896798
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
Widower, single father and former cop Tom Carver (Samuel L. Jackson) now has an unusually gruesome vocation -- having to immaculately clean up even the grossest and abjectly gory of crime scenes, purposefully leaving the area so spotless that those next to occupy the premises would never have a clue of there being even the slightest thing amiss. But when he's called in to sterilize one particular wealthy suburban residence following a brutal shooting, Carver is deeply shocked to learn that his meticulous skills may not only have erased crucial undocumented evidence, but might have dangerously entangled himself in a dirty and far-reaching cover up, as well. Directed by Renny Harlin and co-starring Eva Mendes, Ed Harris, Keke Palmer, and Luis Guzman, Cleaner is a dark, gritty and suspenseful crime thriller that proves that the grim task of simply cleaning up gore can be the one of the dirtiest jobs there is.
tt1682246
Comedy,Drama,Romance
An undercover ex-cop named Francine Driver, who poses as an assassin, meets a dentist in a Los Angeles bar. His name is Nick and he wants his wife Karen dead. He does not have the upfront payment of $20,000, but he promises he can get it for her before the night is over. When he leaves, Francine meets a young man named Henry, a photographer who charms her before stealing her wallet and running off into the night. Her wallet contains the device used to record her conversation with Nick, and the evidence is incriminating. And so begins Francine's frantic search through the bars and clubs of Los Angeles. As she journeys, a number of characters are introduced. There is Henry's sister, Teresa, an exotic dancer. There is Teresa and Henry's father, Dodge, an ex-con who gives his son the most baffling of advice and has a strange fixation on bones. There is Nick's patient, Aldo, a gangster who can get Nick his money ... but only by roping him into participating in a heist. There is a bartender named Camilla, who is having relationship problems with her divorced upstairs neighbor. There is June, a hatcheck girl for an exclusive nude ping pong club. There is Francine's superior, Sam Salazar, who is always addressed as Officer but is actually a detective. And then there is Francine's ex-husband, Emmit, who has something Francine wants.
tt0095497
Drama
Jesus, a carpenter in Nazareth, Judea,during the Roman occupation, has been hearing voices and having premonitions that tell him that God has a special plan for him, in atonement for sins. He assumes it is his own sins and is confused about what to do, although he has a firm will to follow any commands from God. Because he senses that he himself will be crucified some day, he constructs crosses for Roman use in executing criminals and rebels, an act of traitorous collaboration in the eyes of others in his town, including Mary Magdalene, who spits on him. Judas, a zealot rebel, appreciates Jesus' devotion to God and attempts to recruit him to the zealot cause, but Jesus refuses. Jesus feels guilty about his inability to correspond to the adult love of his childhood friend, Mary Magdalene, who in her dejection has become a prostitute. He asks Mary to forgive him. Mary asks Jesus to stay with her, which Jesus is tempted to do, but he rejects the temptation and heads for a monastic community. At that community, he experiences his own unusual powers as two deadly cobras obey his command, and he learns that the community leader who welcomed him the night before was already dead. One of the monks in the community convinces Jesus that the fact that God communicates with him is extraordinary. Judas is sent with orders to kill Jesus for being a collaborator. Judas senses Jesus is specially favored by God, and asks Jesus to lead the rebellion against the Romans. Jesus tries to tell Judas that his message is love, that love of one's fellow humans is the key to God's will. Judas promises to join Jesus in his ministry, but with the threat that he will kill him if he strays from his ministry. Thus influenced by Judas, Jesus agrees to abandon his will to that of God, become a teacher, and let God speak through him. As he walks to begin his new life, Jesus comes across an angry mob which is dragging Mary Magdalene to be stoned for her prostitution and working for Romans on the sabbath. Jesus interrupts the stoning, challenging the crowd to admit they have all sinned, asking whoever has not sinned to take a bigger stone from his hand. Half the crowd sneaks away, the other half stays to hear what he has to say. He opens his mouth and begins his teaching in parables, awkwardly at first, but growing in confidence and preaching with the phrases recorded as the Sermon on the Mount. Jesus develops a following of disciples, but he is still uncertain of his role. He experiences his own unusual power as, while eating an apple, he throws out the apple seeds, and one of them becomes a full grown tree with fruit. Judas convinces him to travel to see John the Baptist, who has publicly claimed that he is preparing the way for the Messiah, telling him that John surely will know what Jesus' mission really is. John baptizes Jesus, and that night the two discuss their differing views. John believes that Jews must first gain freedom from the Romans before the kingdom of God is declared, while Jesus believes that love is more important. John tells him that God speaks most clearly in the desert, so Jesus then goes into the desert to see if God's will mayb be clearly revealed to him. Choosing a spot in the desert, Jesus draws a circle on the ground and vows he will not leave the circle until God has made his will known. While in the circle, Satan appears to him, first as a snake, then as a lion, finally as a pillar of fire, to tempt him. Jesus resists these temptations. An apple tree bearing luscious fruit appears to him, but he conquers his hunger and instead of eating he chops down the tree. At this point he realizes that the message from God is that he is strong enough to rebuff Satan. He walks out of the desert. He comes across the home of Martha and Mary, who take him in and help him recover from his long fast. He rejoins his disciples after his recovery. In front of them he takes out his heart in his hand to prove his authority and tells them to follow him. He proceeds to perform many signs and wonders and each increases his confidence that he is in fact God's son and the Messiah. He turns water into wine, he restores the vision of a blind man, heals cripples so they walk, he raises Lazarus from the dead, and casts out many demons. His ministry finds rejection and enmity in many quarters. In his own town of Nazareth none come to join him, and Saul, a Roman agent, eventually murders the resurrected Lazarus to destroy the greatest evidence of his divine power. Eventually Jesus and his followers enter Jerusalem, where he is received with joy by many. Jesus goes to the temple, where he is enraged by the money changers and throws them out. The angry Jesus even leads his followers to try to take the temple by force, but as he reaches the steps he begins bleeding from his hands. He stops, realizes he is doing the will of men and not of God, and that he must die in order to bring salvation to all, Jews and all others. He asks Judas, his strongest apostle and the one who best understands him, to betray him to the Romans, something that Judas does not want to do. Nevertheless, Jesus insists that this is the only way and Judas acquiesces, weeping. Jesus joins his disciples, Martha, Mary, Mary Magdalene and his mother for the Passover seder, where he breaks bread telling them all to eat of it, for it is his body, and to drink from his wine cup, for it is his blood, commanding them to do this again to remember him.. After the meal, while in the garden of Gethsemane, Judas leads the Roman soldiers to Jesus and identifies him. Peter cuts off the ear of Malchus and Jesus performs the miracle of reattaching it. Pontius Pilate tells Jesus that he must be put to death because he represents a threat against the status quo, the Roman Empire. Jesus is flogged and a crown of thorns is placed on his head. He is led to Golgotha, where he is crucified. From the cross Jesus sees a young girl who tells him she is his guardian angel who has been sent to rescue him. She tells him that it is not necessary for him to die on the cross, because God loves him, is pleased with him, and wants his happiness. She brings him down from the cross and leads him away. She takes him to be with Mary Magdalene, who cleans his wounds, and the couple make love. The couple has a child and lives a tranquil life in a forest cabin. Mary dies during a pregnancy, and the sobbing Jesus is told by the angel that there is only one woman, all women are "Mary", and takes him to be comforted by Martha and Mary, the sisters of Lazarus. He has a family with them and lives a peaceful life as a carpenter. Some years later he encounters the apostle Paul describing his own conversion and preaching about the Messiah. Jesus tries to tell Paul that he is the man that Paul has been preaching about but Paul rejects him, saying that he needs the Jesus who died and resurrected to bring salvation to all. In old life and near death, Jesus' former disciples visit him. Judas arrives last, tells Jesus he has been a traitor. The angel who stopped his crucifixion is recognized as Satan in disguise, who tempted him into a life of comfort as an ordinary man. Jesus realizes that he should have died to bring salvation to all. Although aged and weak, Jesus crawls back to the edge of a burning Jerusalem at the time of the Jewish Rebellion, he reaches the site of his crucifixion and begs God to let him fulfill his mission, crying out "Let me be Your Son!". We see Jesus back on the cross. The whole episode with the fake angel must have been a dreamy hallucination. He smiles in recognition of his destiny and cries out "It is accomplished! It is accomplished!", as he dies. Then a blinding white light envelops everything.
tt0363589
Crime,Drama,Thriller
The story is about two high school students, Alex (Alex Frost) and Eric (Eric Deulen), two close friends and students in a suburb of Portland, who calmly plan and perform a mass execution of their classmates and school administrators in the course of one day. Eric and Alex are seemingly ordinary, and very much a part of the fabric of the high school and its array of student actions. In fact, it's hard to distinguish them from all the other students. Alex plays classical piano whereas Eric plays video games. They calmly watch Nazi programs on TV and purchase firearms over the Internet. They seem just as ordinary and interesting as any of the other students. They analytically draw up plans for their merciless killing spree, indicating that they have enough bombs and ordinance to last the afternoon. They walk through the school, killing several of their school peers, and there is no rescue from the authorities.
tt0960890
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
If you are looking for zombies and strippers, then this is your movie. I have watched a lot of stripper/zombie movies and nothing delivers like this one. The intro is the usual military-esque thing about a virus and what not. From there the military stumbles into an underground strip club. The strippers get bitten and, unlike other movies where they only want to infect other people, these strippers want to get bitten to become better strippers. This movie is T&A galore from it's cast of porn stars. I rate this movie a 10. If you want naked zombie strippers, then this is your movie!
tt0857376
Action,Fantasy,Horror
The film Gabriel reveals the battle between good and evil and the fight for the human soul. Set in a dark, dreary purgatory, there is a struggle between Arc and Fallen angels for control over the city of vice, violence and cruelty, and its population of re-born souls. At present, darkness rules and Gabriel, the last of seven Arcs sent to return the light, must assume a human form for the first time to wrestle the midworld away from the hands of the lead fallen angel 'Sammael' and his task force of gun toting followers. Gabriel is young, strong an the mightiest warrior since Michael, his predecessor, who has disappeared. Sammael's victory is assured throughout the film, as Gabriel plays into his hands, falling prey to human emotions, by tracking down and healing the broken Arc angels, including the lost angel "Jade" who has turned to drugs and vice to get by. All Arc's before him have failed in their mission. Just when you think its getting good for Gabriel, Sammael has one last card to play: the secret of his own past, the knowledge of which could destroy Gabriel forever. In the darkest places of the human soul, this lone arc angel's battle with his human feelings and emotions will prove as perilous as facing the Fallen.
tt0076723
Comedy,Drama,Sport
The Charlestown Chiefs, a minor league hockey team, need to drum up attendance for their upcoming game with a team from Hyannisport. Television host Jim Carr (Andrew Duncan) interviews Denis Lemieux (Yvon Barrette) on his show "Sports Talk" about the "finer points of hockey." English is the French Canadian player's second (and not best) language, but Denis gamely describes penalty moves like hooking and slashing, using his stick on Jim to demonstrate. Reggie "Reg" Dunlop (Paul Newman) is the team's aging player/coach, and the team is dead last in the second-rate Federal League. He meets opposing player Nick Brophy (Jon Gofton) at center ice to start the Hyannisport game, and Nick reveals he is drunk and resents that his coach put him in the game. In the broadcast booth, Chiefs player Dave Carlson (Jerry Houser), who supposedly was injured in a previous game, reveals that he isn't playing because he actually has a cold. The lone quality player for the Chiefs is Ned Braden (Michael Ontkean), who is not only the highest-scorer in the Federal League (he makes his record shot during the Hyannisport game), but he is also a Princeton grad who plays for the love of the game. Joe McGrath (Strother Martin), the team's manager, seems to be receiving encouragement by the mysterious team owner to come up with publicity stunts for the players. Some of the men are put into a fashion show, and Johnny Upton (Allan Nicholls) has had it: he warns McGrath that he plans to flash the audience so they won't have to do such degrading things again. Joe blows him off to make a phone call to locate Reg and Ned, who should be at the show as well, but has to stop the call short when cries of shock and disgust greet Johnny when he takes the runway. Ned and Reg pass the mill, which Ned tells him is going to close and lay off 10,000 workers. The Chiefs will have difficulty filling the stadiums with most of the town's residents suddenly out of work. Ned's wife Lily (Lindsay Crouse) drives them home from the local bar, uptight about being a hockey wife with a troubled marriage in a town she can't stand. Ned gives his attention to their St. Bernard dog Ruby and doesn't seem interested in his wife's attitude. Joe is training Reg for a future in an office job and tells him to pick up the three new players he obtained from the Iron League -- the Hanson Brothers (Jeff & Steve Carlson, David Hanson). He finds them at the bus station by the noise of one of the boys trying to force a lost quarter out of the vending machine by shaking it down. He takes them to their hotel where the team will pick up their expenses for a week and, as they go down the hall for sodas, he notices toy cars and tracks in their suitcase. Reg is less than impressed with the new acquisitions, and rails at Joe for picking up any discarded players he can find at rock bottom prices; his plan is to refuse to play them. At the bar Reg meets his (eventually) ex-wife Francine (Jennifer Warren), with whom he still has a good friendship. Before the bus leaves for an away game, Lily offers Ned a book with all the sex scenes highlighted, but he refuses to take it, though Reg is impressed. On the bus, Ned runs a betting pool and says that he will earn enough money to buy the team so he can run it his way. The team worries about a crazy player named Oggie Oglethorpe (Ned Dowd), but learn he was suspended and won't play. As Reg leaves the hotel for the game, he spots the Hansons playing with their racing cars. In the locker room, he sees them wrapping their knuckles with aluminum foil and tape prior to the game. Reg has a roll in the hay with Suzanne Hanrahan (Melinda Dillon), who reveals that she discovered she is a lesbian after a night of drinking and exploratory sex with another player's wife. On the ice, Reg decides to sneak a goal and approaches Tommy Hanrahan (Christopher Murney) in the goalie cage, skating by and egging him on about his wife being a dyke; Hanrahan chases Reg and leaves the cage open for a Chiefs goal. Ned is disgusted and calls the team's win "garbage." Reg, however, wants the team to be fired up and have hope for the future, so he works with reporter Dickie Dunn (M. Emmet Walsh) to suggest that a Florida retirement community may buy the team. The next day Reg sees Lily in the town square and talks with her; she is in a bad mood and even cusses over a statue of a dog in the square, supposedly a canine hero for saving the town during a 1938 flood. Reg tries to bolster the team's morale one player at a time, and talks with Dave Carlson about aging and suggests it may be time to quit hockey. Dave idolizes Reg, and when Barclay Donaldson (Ross Smith) from the Broom County team suggests that Reg shouldn't be in the league, Dave goes after him, and the fight puts him out of the game. Finally, desperate to win, Reg releases the Hansons on the rival team. The Hansons immediately assault and brutalize the opposition, much to the delight of Charlestown's working-class fans, who create a booster club and begin following the team on their own bus to attend away games. At a game against Peterboro, the teams begin fighting before the game begins and with no officials on the ice to stop the ruckus The boys are mutilated as they finally stand at attention for the National Anthem, but an official breaks ranks to yell at the Hansons. Then he realizes the song hasn't finished and cools off. By the time the team goes to an away game against Hyannisport they are winning, but their reputation has preceded them, and mobs of people boo them at their arrival. They stop jeering when the bus drives by with all the Chiefs and boosters mooning them out every bus window as they pass. The other Chiefs players soon take their cue from the popularity of the Hansons and become "goons," fighting as much as (if not more than) actually playing hockey. At Peterboro a fan throws something and hits a Hanson in the face, and all three brothers take to the stands to find and pummel him. After the game the police arrest the Hansons. Peterboro still loses the game. When the bus arrives back in Charlestown and Ned is not on it for Lily to pick up (he gets off and walks the last few miles), Lily is upset and tears out of the lot in her van, but not before Reg climbs aboard and starts talking to her about getting her head straight. She drops him off at his place and drives off in tears. Francine tells Reg she has a job offering in Long Island and will be moving away. Reg goes on Jim Carr's radio show to announce that he wants to put a $100 bounty on the head of Syracuse player Tim McCracken (Paul D'Amato). Dave (who has taken the name "Killer") Carlson calls Reg, anxious to claim the money, which Reg says will have to be earned. Reg tries to get some sleep before the game, but Joe calls to read him off for putting a bounty on a player's head, and suddenly Lily has arrived with the dog and her belongings, anxious to straighten herself out. Reg passes out in the remaining bed space left by the St. Bernard. Before the game, Reg yells at the organist for playing "Lady of Spain" and rips up the sheet music. The game is going well, with plenty of beatings between goals, but Ned refuses to play dirty, so Reg benches him (first in his career) and Ned goes to the broadcast booth to gripe to Jim Carr, going into an uncharacteristic tirade and discovering that Jim wears a toupee (and announcing it on the air). Finally, Reg finds out that the team is owned by somebody named McCambridge, so he goes to the owner's home to talk with him. It turns out he is a she: widow Anita McCambridge (Kathryn Walker) tells Reg that she abhors violence and won't let her kids watch hockey. She plans to fold the team to take a tax write-off as her accountants have recommended. She realizes the Chiefs are sellable but chooses not to. Disgusted, Reg insults her and leaves, then drives to Ned's house to find he is out in the woods trying to avoid talking to him; he yells to Ned that he can play however he wants and, since the team is folding, he wants to go out in style. Reg takes Lily to Francine's beauty shop for a makeover at his expense. She says Lily is pretty and could look like Cher with the right hair and makeup. At the championship game, Reg tells the guys that he wants to play "old time hockey" and not be a goon for what might be his last game. The Hansons are all for it, so they take the ice and wait for the Syracuse team to come out, but the ice remains empty. Then the announcer receives the roster for the opposition: they have brought out the top goons to play against the Chiefs, including McCracken and the dreaded Oglethorpe. The moment the puck drops, the Syracuse men launch upon the Chiefs in a massive fight. Ned doesn't get involved, and Joe sits in amazement in the stands as his boys don't fight back. At the half-time break, Joe hollers at the mangled Chiefs that he has gathered every major NHL talent scout to the game to watch them and offer contracts. Back on the ice, "old time hockey" is gone, replaced by the Chiefs' old ways. While Ned sits on the bench, he suddenly spots Francine escorting the new, improved Lily to the stands; he is overcome with the sight of her, and suddenly he skates out to center ice and begins removing parts of his uniform. Jim Carr is stunned and disgusted, but the band launches into "The Stripper" as Ned continues his striptease and the other players slowly cease their fighting to watch. McCracken yells at an official to stop Ned, but he finds nothing wrong and won't interfere. McCracken then strikes the official, who declares the Syracuse team has forfeited the game and takes the winner's cup to Reg, who passes it to Ned as they skate off the ice (Ned stripped down to his skates and jockstrap) to thunderous applause. The Chiefs win the Federal League and receive a heroes' welcome back in Charlestown Reg is pleased that the NHL's Minnesota Nighthawks want to hire him as their coach, and that several key Chief's players will be part of the bargain. Reg and Ned sit atop a convertible in the victory parade, and Lily is by Ned's side. Reg says farewell to Francine, who interrupts the victory parade in town as he lets her drive through with her things in a trailer, and he tells her to stay in touch through his new team.
tt0800241
Crime,Drama,Mystery
An American couple, Roy (Woody Harrelson) and Jessie (Emily Mortimer), takes the train from Beijing to Moscow as an adventurous side trip on their return home from a Christian mission in China. The gregarious Roy befriends their cabin mates, a Spanish man, Carlos (Eduardo Noriega), traveling with his Seattle-born girlfriend, Abby (Kate Mara). The reserved Jessie does not share her husband's warmth towards the globe trotting pair. In course of the journey, Carlos shows Jessie a collection of "rare" souvenir matryoshka dolls he is carrying. When Roy misses the train in Irkutsk while sightseeing, Jessie is left alone with Carlos and Abby. Jessie decides to get off the train and wait for Roy to arrive in another train. Carlos and Abby get off the train with Jessie, and proceed to a hotel. In the restaurant, Jessie sees dolls nearly identical to the ones that Carlos had shown her. Abby is upset by this and goes off to bed. Jessie begs Carlos not to involve Abby in his suspicious activities. The next morning Carlos comes to Jessie's room, tells her that his shower is not working and asks to use her bathroom. Jessie receives a call from the reception desk and leaves Carlos in the room. The reception it turns out has no news on the whereabouts of Roy. She later receives a telephone call confirming that Roy will rejoin her at 4 o'clock that day. Carlos convinces Jessie to accompany him to an old church. The two travel into the middle of a snowy wilderness and Jessie, an amateur photographer herself, starts clicking pictures of the old church. In the midst of the wilderness, Jessie surrenders to Carlos' advances and the two begin kissing. However, the roof of the old church collapses and Jessie comes to her senses and decides to stop. Carlos however does not give up and continues to pursue Jessie, calling her a tease and attempting to force himself on her. Unable to stop Carlos' unwanted advances, Jessie beats Carlos to death with a plank. She returns to her hotel and goes to the railway station to meet Roy. Ilya Grinko (Ben Kingsley), an inquisitive Russian narcotics officer whom Roy previously befriended, turns out to be the new cabin mate of Roy and Jessie. He is traveling from Vladivostok to Moscow for a conference. Jessie finds the dead Carlos' dolls in her own suitcase and realizes that Carlos may have hidden them when she had gone to the reception desk that morning. Carlos was smuggling heroin in those dolls and Grinko, who is on the payroll of a Russian drug lord, has an interest in the whereabouts of Carlos and Abby. Jessie unsuccessfully tries to get rid of the dolls while on the train. She panics when Grinko becomes suspicious and confronts her, and returns to her cabin to find Roy examining the dolls. She explains their origins and the two of them surrender the dolls to Ilya. Having seemingly gotten out of a risky situation, the next morning, she and Roy awake to discover that most of the train's cars are now gone along with the passengers - only Grinko and his partner Kolzak (Thomas Kretschmann) remain. Grinko and Kolzak stop the train in the middle of nowhere and take Jessie and Roy to an abandoned military bunker, where Abby is being tortured. Ilya says it's about more than the heroin; it's about the money that Carlos has that belongs to the drug lord. Ilya tells Jessie that Abby is not a "good girl" as Jessie had thought - Abby recruited Carlos, was responsible for another man's death, and is trying to cheat the drug lord of his money. Jessie disbelieves Ilya because Carlos told her Abby was innocent. Jessie and Roy escape by boarding the train. Ilya and Kolzak follow them, the train has a head-on collision with another train, and Ilya shoots Kolzak to maintain his cover that he is on the right side of the law. He claims he is a government investigator who rescued Jessie and Roy from a hostage situation. Jessie, weakened, tries to tell them that Ilya is lying, but the Russians don't understand English. As she loses consciousness, she sees Ilya walking away into the woods. U.S. officials later tell Jessie and Roy about Carlos' criminal history. He has past convictions for both theft and sexual assault. The officials don't know anything about Abby and report that she is just a twenty-year-old who got mixed up with the wrong guy. Jessie and Roy end up signing statements for the U.S. officials, and Jessie never tells them that she killed Carlos, although Roy may or may not have heard her admit to this when the train was about to crash. Upon touring Moscow and seeing a billboard of a girl sitting on the end of a dock (similar to a scene Abby had described as her dream home), Jessie insists on talking to Abby in the hospital. The last scene shows a still limping Abby finding Carlos's body in the snow by the old church. Abby tears open a hidden pocket in his jacket and finds all the money that had been stolen, stacks of 500 notes sealed in a long clear roll. She takes the money and walks away, leaving Carlos' body without a backward glance.
tt0083169
Drama
On the eve of the graduation parade at Bunker Hill military academy, Cadet Brian Moreland (Timothy Hutton) meets privately with the academy commander, retired Brigadier General Harlan Bache (George C. Scott), who promotes him to Cadet Major, the highest cadet rank in the academy. The next day General Bache announces that the school's board of trustees has decided to sell the school to real estate developers but that they will remain open for one more year to allow the Seniors to graduate and the remaining cadets to find other schools. This gives many cadets hope that the school can be saved. That evening, a dance is held at the academy after commencement. Local teenagers outside the gates harass some cadets and a brawl breaks out. When General Bache attempts to end the fight, his service pistol is seized by one of the local boys. During the struggle the boy pulls the trigger discharging the weapon, killing anther boy. Although the magazine was removed, a round was still in the chamber. Bache is held responsible and after he is arrested has a heart attack which leaves him in critical condition at the hospital. The board decides to close the school immediately. Moreland meets with his officers and they unanimously decide to take control of the campus. When the Dean of Students arrives with the local Sheriff (James Handy) to empty the armory, they find that the weapons are already gone. They are confronted by an armed cadre of cadets led by Major Moreland, who demand to meet with General Bache and negotiate with the board of trustees to keep the school open. The Dean and Sheriff are escorted off the academy grounds and armed cadets secure the perimeter. Meanwhile, another group of cadets have been sent to a local food supply warehouse in town to restock their provisions but one of their trucks breaks down on the way back. As Cadet Captain Dwyer (Sean Penn) attempts to fix the engine, a group of locals threaten them and surround the truck until hotheaded Cadet Captain David Shawn (Tom Cruise) opens fire with his M16, shooting several bursts into the air. The locals scatter and the cadets abandon the stalled truck, fleeing the scene in the second truck and ramming a police car in the process. The police surround the campus and a delegation of parents led by Moreland's hot-headed military-minded father Sergeant Moreland (Wayne Tippit) arrives but does not change the cadets' minds. To demonstrate to the police and parents that none of the boys are being held against their will, Moreland assembles the cadets and offers them a chance to walk out. All of them choose to stay. The siege grows more tense when the National Guard arrives. The commander, Colonel Kerby (Ronny Cox), negotiates with Moreland to surrender but with no more success. At the next morning muster, the officers report that some cadets have fled the campus. Moreland assembles the entire battalion and again offers cadets the opportunity to leave. Led by Moreland's friend, Lieutenant Edward West (Evan Handler), at least half of the remaining cadets drop their weapons and leave. When the electricity and water are turned off, one of the cadets is severely burned as they attempt to restart the school's old gasoline powered generator. They permit an ambulance to enter and take the injured boy to a hospital and afterward, Moreland offers to stand down if the order comes from General Bache. Kerby replies that Bache had died the previous night. The cadets, deeply hurt by Bache's death, hold a military memorial service in his honor. The next day, an M48 Patton tank rolls up to the main gate. One of the younger cadets, on sentry duty, panics and runs out to surrender. He drops his weapon which fires upon hitting the ground. The National Guard return fire and kill another cadet. The boy's death weakens Moreland's resolve considerably and he decides to end the occupation. He calls all the cadets to muster and orders them to surrender. However, the rebellious Shawn starts shooting and the campus is overrun by the authorities as a firefight ensues. Moreland runs to Shawn's room to stop him, but both young men are killed by suppressing fire and the siege ends abruptly. Moreland's body is carried out of the building by Dwyer. A montage of scenes from the Academy's proud past flash across the screen in the aftermath.
tt1124039
Action,Crime,Mystery
A young American computer engineer (Shane West as Max Petersen) acquires a mobile phone that receives strange text messages. First they encourage him to miss his flight which he then learns crashed soon after takeoff. Then the messages direct him to buy a certain stock, which he then learns increases by 313%. Next, he is directed to a hotel/casino in Prague to gamble. He first wins one-hundred thousand Euros on a slot machine and then bets the entire amount on a hand of blackjack, getting 21. Both bets are made on the basis of further text messages he receives on his new phone. Max then has an altercation with a beautiful woman (Tamara Feldman) and her jealous boyfriend in the hotel corridor, where he is knocked-out and his mysterious phone is apparently scanned. Max wakes up with the woman, Kamila, smiling above him. He immediately asks her out for a drink. To further his new-found career in gambling, Max enlists the aid of a Russian cabbie/apparent e-gadget enthusiast, Yuri (Sergey Gubanov), who outfits him with an earpiece to wirelessly receive his anonymous and lucrative text messages. His lucky streak continues when he hits the 3 million Euros jackpot on a slot machine but is forced to run away when casino security led by John Reed (Edward Burns) attempts to detain him. This chase is ended by the intervention of FBI Agent Dave Grant (Ving Rhames) who handcuffs Max and interrogates him for information about the phone. Max is frightened, but unable to provide any information. At this point Agent Grant contacts Raymond Burke (Martin Sheen) of the NSA, who is apparently monitoring Max because he is receiving messages from an omniscient communication surveillance computer system known as Echelon. These messages have been responsible for the deaths of several Americans, most recently an IT specialist working in the Pentagon. Burke recently lost a battle to pass a bill in Congress that would allow Echelon to be upgraded by being uploaded into personal computers worldwide. Burke eventually decides that Max knows too much and must be eliminated, however, Reed and the beautiful woman from the hotel now revealed as Reed's associate come to Max's aid and spirit him away to Moscow. There Max re-connects with the techie Yuri and tries to get his help in discovering who is sending the messages. Yuri believes that the messages are coming directly from the computer itself, and that the system has achieved some kind of autonomous self-awareness. Max and Reed object to his idea, but they are forced to flee when more armed men arrive at Yuri's apartment. A Moscow car chase ensues. The chase ends with Reed outmaneuvering and eventually blowing-up the chase cars, which happen to be led by Agent Grant. Grant escapes injury, but Max seizes the moment to inflict some payback for their previous encounter. Grant asks Max to help him stop Echelon, as he has now also begun to receive threatening texts. Max then receives another text, instructing him to return to Omaha, Nebraska, where he first worked as a computer security engineer. Max, Grant and Reed all fly home on a military aircraft. Arriving in Omaha, the group finds a sealed-up, bunker-like structure with a cache of servers and a high-end computer system that Max helped install years earlier. The property is revealed to belong to another victim of Echelon's messages, the same person whose credit card was used to send Max the phone. Max starts up the bunker's computer and is instructed via text to fire up the servers and connect them to the network. Echelon then begins downloading itself into the bunker's computers and begins a countdown to replicate itself across the world wide computer network. Agent Grant calls Burke at the NSA to inform him, but Burke is content to let the Echelon replicate itself worldwide, in the interests of US national security. Grant and Reed break ranks with Burke at this point and Burke sends back other FBI agents to detain them. Meanwhile, Max is failing to stop Echelon's replication countdown, until he takes an idea from the 1980s film WarGames. Max asks the computer what its primary purpose is and it replies to defend the US, as defined by the Constitution. Max then asks the computer to search for articles regarding Senate Bill 2330 - the Echelon Upgrade approval that was defeated by one vote - which is characterized in the articles as a grave threat to personal freedoms. At the point when the download is complete, Echelon "learns" that it is itself the threat and self-destructs. The film ends with Agent Grant and Reed sending Max and Kamila off to Paris, while Burke is subpoenaed to appear before the Senate intelligence committee. The final cryptic scene is back in Moscow, where the techie Yuri is unveiled as a Captain in the Russian Security Service. In a conversation (in Russian) with his apparent commanding officer he is commended for his actions. Yuri replies that they will soon try to start it again but, for today, they have helped the Americans to make the right decision; "I would like to believe", he adds cryptically, and at that moment receives a text message.
tt0094027
Biography,Drama
Based on a true story, this low budget theatrical masterpiece opens with the background of Eastern LA. In an environment that values a quick fix over education and learning, Jaime A. Escalante is a new teacher at James A. Garfield High School determined to change the system and challenge the students to a higher level of excellence. Leaving a steady job for a lowly position as a math teacher in a school where rebellion runs high and teachers are more focused on discipline than academics, Escalante is at first not well liked by students, receiving numerous taunts and threats. As the year progresses, he is able to win over the attention of the students by implementing innovative teaching techniques, using props and humor to illustrate abstract concepts of math and convey the necessity of math in everyday lives. We all use math every day, a value that Escalante successfully instills. He is able to transform even the most troublesome teens to dedicated students, ready to learn. While Escalante teachs math 1A, basic math, he soon realizes that his students are capable of more than the expectations set forth by the school board. Despite concerns and skepticism of other teachers, who feel that "you can't teach logarithms to illiterates", Escalante nonetheless develops a program in which the his students can rise to take AP Calculus by their senior year. This intense math program requires that students take summer classes, including Saturdays, from 7 to 12, tasking for even the most devoted and committed students. While other students spent their summers "barefoot and pregnant", these math enthusiasts were learning complex theorems and formulas. The vast contrast between home life and school life, however, begins to show as these teens struggle to find the balance between what other adults expect of them and the goals and ambitions they hold for themselves. With Escalante to help them, they soon find the courage to separate from society's expectations for failure and rise to the standard to which Escalante holds them to, a standard of success. Taking the AP Calculus exam in the spring of their senior year, these students are relieved and overjoyed to be finished with a strenuous year. After receiving their scores, they are overwhelmed with emotion to find that they have all passed, a feat done by few in the state. Later that summer, a shocking accusation is made. The Educational Testing Service calls into question the validity of their scores when it is discovered that similarities between errors is too high for pure chance. Outraged by the implications of cheating, Escalante feels that the racial and economic status of the students has caused the ETS to doubt their intelligence. In order to prove their mathematical abilities and worth to the school, to the ETS, and to the nation, the students agree to retake the test at the end of the summer, months after their last class. With only a day to prepare, there is high stress to show that they have what it takes to make something of themselves. After the retake, these students truly stand and deliver when they all pass the exam again, showing they deserve all they have achieved. -The Numerators.
tt0079417
Drama
Ted Kramer (Dustin Hoffman), a workaholic advertising executive, is just given his agency's biggest new account. After spending the evening chatting with his boss about handling a new and very large account, he returns home to find his wife Joanna (Meryl Streep) in the process of leaving him. Ted is left to raise their son Billy (Justin Henry) by himself. Ted and Billy begin to resent each other as Ted no longer has time to carry his increased workload, and Billy misses the love and attention he received from his mother. After many months of unrest, Ted and Billy begin to cope with the situation and eventually grow to love and care for one another. Ted befriends his neighbor Margaret (Jane Alexander), who initially had counseled Joanna to leave Ted. Margaret is a fellow single parent and the two become kindred spirits. One day as the two sit in the park watching their children play, Billy falls off the jungle gym and severely cuts his face. Picking him up, Ted sprints several blocks through oncoming traffic to the hospital, where he comforts his son tenderly, representing his increased emotional connection and sense of responsibility for the child since his wife left. Fifteen months after she walked out, Joanna returns to New York in order to claim Billy, and a custody battle ensues. During the custody hearing, both Ted and Joanna are unprepared for the brutal character assassinations that their lawyers unleash on the other. For instance, Margaret is forced to confess that she advised Joanna to leave Ted if she was as unhappy as she professed, although she also attempts to tell Joanna on the stand that her husband has profoundly changed. Eventually, the damaging facts that Ted was fired because of his conflicting responsibilities with his son, forcing him to take a lower-paid job, come out in court, as do the details of Billy's accident. Finally, the court awards custody to Joanna, not so much due to the evidence on both sides but due to the assumption that a child is best raised by their mother. Ted discusses appealing the case, but his lawyer warns that Billy himself would have to take the stand in the resulting trial and Ted cannot bear the thought of submitting his child to such an ordeal. He therefore decides not to contest custody. On the morning that Billy is to move in with Joanna, Ted and Billy make breakfast together, mirroring the meal that Ted tried to cook the first morning after Joanna left. They hug in a very tender moment as they both know this is their last breakfast together. Joanna calls from the ground floor, asking Ted to come down to talk. She tells Ted that, while she loves Billy and wants him with her, she knows that he is already home, and that his true home is with Ted. She will therefore not take him. As she enters the elevator, she asks her ex-husband "How do I look?". The movie ends with the elevator doors closing on the emotional Joanna, right after Ted answers, "You look terrific," as she heads upstairs to talk to Billy.
tt0465375
Comedy,Drama,Romance
This film features eight unrelated tales of various different couples (straight, gay, lesbian) who have sex and then talk afterwords of a variety of different topics. Christopher (Marc Blucas) and Leslie (Charity Shea) are a couple in their mid to late 20s who have no-strings-attached sex on a regular basis. After another get-together, they debate and argue over the meaning of their relationship and the nature of sex vs. love, with each of them claiming that the other is the only one developing feelings, before both finally say "I love you" to each other. Freddy (Tanc Sade) and Jay (Noel Fisher) are a pair of college guys who, after having sex, argue over Jay refusing to admit that he is gay until Freddy tells him about his teenage years of hiding his homosexuality out of fear of being socially shunned by his entire family and friends. Freddy tells Jay that even if he cannot be honest with others about his sexual orientation, he has to be honest with himself. Kristy (Natalie Marston) and Sam (Dave Franco) are a teenage couple both of whom have just had sex for the first time in Kristy's bedroom and after some small talk, Sam has to hide when Kristy's single mother, Janet (Jane Seymour), shows up for a talk about sex with Kristy. Nikki (Mila Kunis) and Kat (Zoe Saldana) are two college roommates who are in a casual sexual relationship where Nikki allows Kat to perform oral sex on her. After they are finished, they walk to the nearby library to study where Kat asks Nikki why she never goes down on her, and hardly ever kisses her. Nikki insists that she is not a lesbian, but she only likes the oral sex because Kat performs it better than a guy. Kat admits that she really is a lesbian, but is comfortable with hiding the fact from her strict parents, aware they will not understand or approve. Trudy (Jeanette O'Connor) and Gene (John Witherspoon) are a middle-aged, inter-racial couple who have sex in a nature park and, during the walk back, talk about how they first met at an orgy during the "sexual revolution" of the 1970s and about their children who seem not to understand their active sexual lifestyle. Neil (Timm Sharp) and Bob (James DeBello) are a 30-something closeted gay couple who have sex in Neil's apartment one evening. Afterwords, Neil drives Bob back to his house. During the ride, they discuss their roles as gay men in a relationship and who is the "butch" and the "bitch", since they both have different backgrounds and careers; Neil is revealed to be the lead singer in a hair rock band and Bob is a high school football coach. David (Keir O'Donnell) and Jordy (Emmanuelle Chriqui) are an ex-couple who have met at a cheap motel for sex. After they are finished, David defends his infidelity and womanizing as the person that he is, while Jordy is a troubled woman who cannot seem to let go of her ex-husband, despite her knowledge of his unapologetic cheating. Marco (Jose Pablo Cantillo) and Alanna (Taryn Manning) are two strangers who have sex in a back alley after meeting at a nightclub where afterwards they arrive in Marco's loft where they learn more about each other, but Marco is soon disturbed about the dull-witted Alanna's admission of being a high-priced escort and of her love for sex with strangers for money.
tt1535970
Drama,Romance,Thriller
Young hotel manager Gavin (Hunnam) steps out onto a high ledge to commit suicide. World-weary police officer Hollis (Howard) is assigned to talk him down but is tormented by traumatic issues of his own. The men find themselves debating atheism, faith and the meaning of life, and soon are embroiled in a battle of wills that has each man questioning his commitment to his chosen path.
tt0243017
Animation,Drama,Fantasy
Waking Life is about an unnamed young man living an ethereal existence that lacks transitions between everyday events and that eventually progresses toward an existential crisis. For most of the film he observes quietly but later participates actively in philosophical discussions involving other charactersranging from quirky scholars and artists to everyday restaurant-goers and friendsabout such issues as metaphysics, free will, social philosophy, and the meaning of life. Other scenes do not even include the protagonist's presence, but rather, focus on a random isolated person, group of people, or couple engaging in such topics from a disembodied perspective. Along the way, the film touches also upon existentialism, situationist politics, posthumanism, the film theory of André Bazin, and lucid dreaming, and makes references to various celebrated intellectual and literary figures by name. Gradually, the protagonist begins to realize that he is living out a perpetual dream, broken up only by occasional false awakenings. So far he is mostly a passive onlooker though this changes during a chat with a passing woman who suddenly approaches him. After she greets him and shares her creative ideas with him, he reminds himself that she is a figment of his own dreaming imagination. Afterwards, he starts to converse more openly with other dream characters, but he begins to despair about being trapped in a dream. The protagonist's final talk is with a character who looks somewhat similar to the protagonist himself and whom he briefly encountered previously, earlier in the film. This last conversation reveals this other character's understanding that reality may be only a single instant that the individual interprets falsely as time (and, thus, life); that living is simply the individual's constant negation of God's invitation to become one with the universe; that dreams offer a glimpse into the infinite nature of reality; and that in order to be free from the illusion called life, the individual need only to accept God's invitation. The protagonist is last seen walking into a driveway when he suddenly begins to levitate, paralleling a scene at the start of the film of a floating child in the same driveway. The protagonist uncertainly reaches toward the car's handle but is too swiftly lifted above the vehicle and over the trees. He rises into the endless blue expanse of the sky until he disappears from view
tt0071615
Adventure,Drama,Fantasy
A man (who is later identified as the thief) representing The Fool tarot card, lies in the desert with flies covering his face. A horde of nude children, with green leaves covering their genitals, run toward the thief and remove a flower that attached to his hand. They then along with a man without any limbs tie the thief to a pole and begin to throw rocks at him. As soon as, one of the rocks hits him in his forehead however, he awakens, detaches himself from the pole and scares the children away. The fool grabs a rock and threatens the limbless man with it but they both share a joint, become friends and travel into the city where they make money entertaining tourists. Because the thief resembles Jesus Christ in appearance, some locals, drunken the thief, and create wax Christ statues with his passed out body. After awaking surrounded by multiple Christ statues, he destroys all of them except for one. A group of prostitutes come across the thief on the street and one of them falls in love with him. The thief walks into a hall with soldiers dancing with locals and has a dispute with a priest who kicks him out, he then eats off the face of his wax statue and sends it skyward with balloons, symbolically eating the body of Christ and offering "himself" up to Heaven. Soon after, he notices a crowd gathered around a tall tower, where a large hook with a bag of gold has been sent down in exchange for food. The thief, wishing to find the source of the gold, ascends the tower. There he finds the alchemist and his silent female assistant. After a confrontation with the alchemist, the thief defecates into a container. The excrement is transformed into gold by the alchemist, who proclaims: "You are excrement. You can change yourself into gold." The thief accepts the gold, but smashes a mirror with the gold when shown his reflection. The alchemist then takes the thief as an apprentice. The thief is introduced to seven people who will accompany him on his journey. Each is introduced as a personification of one of the planets, in particular the negative characteristics that are associated with his or her planet. They consist of a cosmetics manufacturer representing Venus, a weapons manufacturer representing Mars, a millionaire art dealer representing Jupiter, a war toy maker representing Saturn, a political financial adviser representing Uranus, a police chief representing Neptune, and an architect representing Pluto. The alchemist instructs the seven to burn their money as well as wax images of themselves. Together with the alchemist, the thief, and the alchemist's assistant, they form a group of ten. The characters are led by the alchemist through various transformation rituals. Each carries a staff topped with the symbol of his or her planet; the alchemist carries a Sun staff, the thief carries a Moon staff, and the alchemist's assistant carries a Mercury staff. The ten journey by boat to Lotus Island in order to gain the secret of immortality from nine immortal masters who live on a holy mountain. Once on Lotus Island they are sidetracked by the Pantheon Bar, a cemetery party where people have abandoned their quest for the holy mountain and instead engage in drugs, poetry, or acts of physical prowess. Leaving the bar behind, they ascend the mountain. Each has a personal symbolic vision representing his or her worst fears and obsessions. Near the top, the thief is sent back to his "people" along with a young prostitute and an ape who have followed him from the city to the mountain. The rest confront the cloaked immortals, who are shown to be only faceless dummies. The alchemist then breaks the fourth wall with the command "Zoom back, camera!" and reveals the film apparatus (cameras, microphones, lights, and crew) just outside the frame. He instructs everyone, including the audience of the film, to leave the holy mountain and that "Real life awaits us."
tt0076666
Drama,Music
In the opening scene, we are introduced to Anthony "Tony" Manero (John Travolta), a 19-year old Italian American living in the Bay Ridge neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. He swaggers through Bay Ridge on his way to work at a local hardware store. His boss, Dan Fusco (Sam Coppola), likes that Tony charms customers, but he refuses the young man's request for an advance. At home, Tony lives with his parents; his alcoholic, abusive and unemployed father Frank Sr. (Val Bisoglio), his uneducated and overbearing mother Flo (Julie Bovasso), his non-English speaking Grandmother (Nina Hansen) and his younger sister Linda (Lisa Peluso). Tony primps to go out that Friday evening and then rushes through dinner with his family, all of whom compare him unfavorably to his older brother, Frank, Jr., a Catholic priest. After dinner, Tony meets outside his house with four close friends that he goes out every Friday night. His friends are Joey (Joseph Cali); Double J (Paul Pape); Gus (Bruce Ornstein); and the diminutive Bobby C. (Barry Miller). Another informal member of their group is Annette (Donna Pescow), a neighborhood girl who longs for a more permanent and physical relationship with Tony. They all drive in Bobby C.'s car to the 2001 Odyssey discotheque. Crowded and pulsing with music, the Odyssey is where Tony and his friends spend their weekends and their paychecks. Annette, who is a frequent regular at the disco, asks Tony to dance, but he squashes her romantic notions. Later, Tony notices a new girl, Stephanie Mangano (Karen Lynn Gorney) on the dance floor. He retreats to the bar/lounge area in the club where Annette joins him, suggesting they be partners for the club's upcoming dance competition. Tony makes it clear they will need to practice often, and the partnership is strictly about dancing, not dating. Joey interrupts because he wants Tony to get Double J. out of the car, where he is having sex with a girl whose name he does not know. (Note: One plot device in the story is the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge, which connects from Long Island to Staten Island, on which the friends ritually stop to clown around, but is particularly symbolic to Tony as an escape to a better life on the other side, in more suburban Staten Island.) The next Saturday morning, the five young men express their cynical views of the future, but Tony learns Fusco has given him a raise. That night, Tony's abusive father dismisses the pay increase and Tony angrily points out that the raise and the attention he gets for his dancing are the only positive acknowledgments he has ever received. Later that evening, Tony meets Annette at a dance studio and she offers to make love with him, but Tony again insists the relationship remain platonic. When Tony notices Stephanie practicing in another room, he chases off Annette, but Stephanie is cool toward him. Returning home, Tony finds his family somber as Frank, Jr., the priest, has returned to announce that he is leaving the church. The next day, Tony is energized and invites Stephanie for coffee at a local diner. She tells him she is not interested in him romantically, pointing out their six-month age difference (she is the older one at age 20) and the cultural superiority she feels because she works in New York City at a public relations firm. She agrees to be Tony's partner in the dance competition, but will not date him because he is immature and his life is going nowhere. Tony tells her that he wants to find other ways to experience the high he feels from dancing because the thrill will not last forever. Later, Tony's friends inform him that Gus is in the hospital after being beaten by a Hispanic gang, the Barracudas. Bobby C. announces that he is getting married, but Tony dismisses the idea. He later informs Annette that he has found another dance partner for the competition. At the rehearsal studio, Tony and Stephanie begin to click, but when Stephanie again declines Tony's invitation to coffee, he deems her pretentious. When Tony presses to know why they never discuss the romantic feelings that emerge from their dancing, Stephanie says he should have seduced without asking permission first. Another evening or two later, Tony and his friends bring Frank, Jr., to the discotheque. While Bobby C. confides to Frank, Jr. that his girlfriend is pregnant, Tony dances solo (to the showstopping tune of the Bee Gee's 'You Should Be Dancing') and the crowd clears the floor in appreciation. Frank, Jr., is impressed by his brother's talent. Afterward, Tony is annoyed to learn from the doorman that Stephanie has not arrived. Annette corners Tony and suggests they can be lovers now that they are not dance partners, but Tony dismisses the idea until she threatens to have sex with one of his friends, instead. Tony escorts Annette to Bobby's car, but their revelry is cut short when he discovers she is not using birth control. A little later, the boys and Annette drive to the Verrazano Narrows Bridge. Tony, Joey, and Double J. climb the support cables and pretend to fall, frightening Annette. In the morning, a car arrives to take Frank, Jr. to a settlement house until he figures out his next move. He counsels Tony to pursue his dream of dancing and not let the family limit his dreams. Later, at the studio, Tony chides Stephanie for not going to the discotheque the previous night. After rehearsing, they join Tony's friends for burgers and the boys' rowdy behavior embarrasses Tony. Bobby C. hypothetically asks Stephanie what she would do if she was his pregnant girlfriend, and she says she would choose an abortion over marriage. Her opinion moves the Catholic Bobby C. the wrong way. The next day, Tony's boss refuses the boy's request for the day off, and when Tony takes the day off anyway, he is fired. Tony borrows Bobby C.'s car and promises to call his friend later. Tony drives to nearby Manhattan and helps Stephanie move into her new New York City townhouse. An older man, named Jay Langhart, is moving out. He kisses Stephanie and tells her to keep the furniture since she picked it out. Alone with Stephanie, Tony asks what is going on and she confesses to having an affair with Jay to boost her career. Upset, Stephanie asks Tony to take her back to Bay Ridge, but Tony instead takes her to Shore Park, where he comforts her and demonstrates his extensive knowledge of the Verrazano Narrows Bridge. Afterward, Tony returns to the hardware store and Fusco reluctantly gives him back his job, promising the boy a prosperous future. However, Tony observes the men who have worked there for years and is unnerved. Later, Tony finds Stephanie dancing with Pete, the owner of the studio, and leaves, enraged. Outside the 2001 Odyssey, Annette shows Tony a handful of condoms, but he walks away and Annette is crushed. Tony, Bobby C., Double J., and Joey stake out the Barracudas hideout, and Bobby C. tries to tell Tony he has decided to marry pregnant Pauline. Double J. grabs the wheel of Bobby C.'s car and crashes into the clubhouse. A fight ensues with the Barracudas and although Bobby C. hides in the car, he is attacked. Bobby C. puts the car in reverse and drives away. Tony is badly beaten, but Double J. and Joey drag him outside just as Bobby C. returns; however, his friends are angry he left. Tony and the others visit Gus in the hospital only to learn that he is not sure if the Barracudas beat him after all, and that they may have targeted the wrong gang. The following evening, cleaned up from the fight, the friends return to the discotheque for the dance competition. An African American couple takes the floor and is treated rudely by the racist audience. Meanwhile, Annette asks Joey for amphetamines. Tony and Stephanie perform the hustle (to the tune of the Bee Gee's 'More Than A Woman'), during which they share a kiss, and the crowd roars its approval. Next, a Puerto Rican couple dances extremely well with a Mambo dance, impressing Tony and most of the crowd, but there are scattered jeers. The judges award first place to Tony and Stephanie, followed by the Puerto Ricans. However, Tony is convinced the other couple deserved to win and he accuses his friends of hypocrisy and racism. Tony gives the trophy and prize money to the other Hispanic couple and takes Stephanie outside to Bobby C.'s car. She rebuffs his sexual advances and they argue. Tony tries to force himself on her and she flees. Double J., Joey, Bobby C. and an intoxicated Annette join Tony in the car. As they drive around Bay Ridge, Joey has sex with Annette in the backseat. Double J switches places with Joey and when Annette realizes that Tony is not going to stop his friends, she begins to cry. At the bridge, Joey and Double J. begin climbing on the support beams as Bobby C. watches. In the car, Tony asks Annette if she really wanted to be treated this way. Intoxicated, Bobby C. joins Joey and Double J. on the beams and Tony tries to talk him down, but Bobby C. rebukes Tony for failing to call him the day of Stephanie's move. Then Bobby C. slips and falls to his death. On the shore near the bridge, the police interrogate the friends. Alienated with his friends and life in general, Tony leaves on foot and rides the subway until morning. In New York City, Tony visits Stephanie's new apartment. Through the door, he apologizes and she reluctantly invites him in. Tony announces that he is not going back to Bay Ridge and that he intends to get a job in the city. Stephanie is wary, but confesses she enjoyed Tony's admiration and respect. They agree to be friends. They share a warm embrace as the film comes to an end.
tt0340377
Comedy,Drama
Finbar McBride (Peter Dinklage) is a train fanatic who inherits an abandoned train station in New Jersey. He moves into the station and makes it his new home. Fin wants to live a life of seclusion in this rural town, because he is only 4 feet 5 inches tall, and he has been stared at all his life. Soon, Fin has a run-in with several of the local people. He meets Joe (Bobby Cannavale) who has a van parked outside his station selling coffee, cokes, ice cream and hot dogs. Fin gets some coffee and tries to keep his business quiet and not speak to Joe. Fin starts walking towards town when a local artist Olivia (Patricia Clarkson) almost runs him over twice with her SUV during his first day. With people like this bugging you, no wonder Fin wants to be left alone. In town, the storekeeper takes his picture, and Fin knows that things haven't changed. The vendor and the artist develop an uncertain friendship with Fin, and they begin to do things together. Fin wanted to become an independent man in this town, but instead he makes friends and connects with some of the town's people.
tt0093507
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
On the Planet Eternia, at the centre of the universe, the forces of the dark lord Skeletor (Frank Langella) have managed to seize control over Castle Grayskull. Skeletor has also captured the Sorceress of Grayskull (Christina Pickles) who until now has kept order over the universe. Skeletor is planning to receive the powers of Grayskull when the Great Eye opens and Eternia's moon is correctly aligned. In the meantime, the Eternian forces are scattered and outnumbered. In the wasteland, one of Skeletor's patrols is suddenly attacked by Eternia's greatest warrior, He-Man (Dolph Lundgren) who is also Skeletor's arch-enemy. During the fight, He-Man rescues a Thenorian named Gwildor (Billy Barty), who claims to be an inventor and locksmith. He-Man and his comrades go to Gwildor's home where he reveals his newest invention; the Cosmic Key, which can open a portal to any location and any time. He explains that Skeletor stole the key from him and used it to get into Castle Grayskull, but Gwildor kept the prototype. With Skeletor's centurians arriving, Gwildor leads the others into a secret passageway that takes them straight to the castle. The Throne Room is empty, much to He-Man's concern. While Gwildor attempts to free the Sorceress from her confines, the group is surrounded by Skeletor and his troops. During the panic, Gwildor uses his key to open a random gateway which He-Man and his friends escape through. Their destination seems to be Earth, but on arriving there, the key gets misplaced and the Eternians separate to find it. Meanwhile nearby, two teenager lovers named Julie Winston (Courteney Cox) and Kevin Corrigan (Robert Duncan McNeill) discover the key in a crater and start pressing its buttons, suspecting it to be some sort of music device. At Castle Grayskull, Skeletor's second-in-command Evil-Lyn (Meg Foster) tracks the key to Earth and prepares a small team of mercenaries to recover it. They consist of Saurod (Pons Marr), Blade (Anthony De Longis), Beastman (Tony Carroll) and their leader Karg (Robert Towers). Kevin and Julie are spending the evening after hours at their high school because Julie is moving away that night, following a personal tragedy and wants to say her goodbyes to both Kevin and the school. However, Kevin is curious about the 'device' their found and takes it away to get a second opinion, leaving Julie alone. A portal then opens, with the mercenaries storming into the gym where Julie is. The four of them shoot at Julie who takes cover behind the band equipment and manages to escape. He-Man is searching nearby and hears Julie in distress. While the mercenaries search for Julie in a warehouse, He-Man attacks the accompanying troops and saves Julie, while comrades Teela (Chelsea Field) and her father Man-at-Arms (Jon Cypher) chase the mercenaries away. On their return to Castle Grayskull, Skeletor is infuriated by the mercenaries' failure and destroys Saurod with an energy bolt. This time with a larger force and Evil-Lyn, they return to Earth. Meanwhile, Kevin returns to the high school which has nearly been burned down after Julie's escape. The policeman on the scene, Detective Lubic (James Tolkan), takes Kevin to Julie's desolate house to look for her. Over the phone, Julie reveals to Kevin the importance of the Cosmic Key. However, before Julie can arrive, Lubic gets interested in the device and takes it from Kevin, suspecting it to be stolen. Immediately afterwards, Evil-Lyn and her troops break in and interrogate him, then leave to catch the detective. When He-Man and company arrive at the desolate house, Julie and Kevin decide to lead the Eternians to where Lubic has taken the key - a music store, where Kevin had been to earlier on. A battle ensues in the music store, with He-Man and Man-at-Arms holding the centurians back while Gwildor attempts to open a doorway back to Eternia. During the confusion however, Evil-Lyn has masqueraded as Julie's mother (Gwynne Gilford) who was supposed to have perished in a plane crash. While Lubic, Kevin and Gwildor argue, Julie is persuaded to steal the key for her 'mother' and doesn't realise the deception until it's too late. Evil-Lyn and the others pull out and He-Man gives chase. But then another doorway opens and this time, it's Skeletor himself who arrives on Earth. While the centurians march down the deserted street, He-Man uses a stolen hover-board to swoop in and take the key back from Evil-Lyn's grasp. But Skeletor has surrounded his friends including Julie and Kevin and sets a trap for He-Man. Despite the overwhelming numbers, He Man still fights off the troops until Skeletor delivers his ultimatum. Either He-Man surrenders and becomes his slave, or he will kill He-Man's friends. With no choice but to surrender, He-Man leaves and returns with Skeletor, while the others are left to rot on Earth. Worse still, Julie was injured by Skeletor's poisonous magic and the second key was damaged beyond repair. Back at Castle Grayskull, Skeletor prepares for the Great Eye to open and receive ultimate power, while torturing He-Man and demanding him to kneel before he is killed. Meanwhile, Gwildor attempts to repair the key but explains that the tones needed were erased. Kevin goes back to the music store takes a keyboard which he can use to create the tones and open the portal. Just at the moment Skeletor becomes all powerful, comparing his new status to a God's, the portal opens and the final battle begins. Lubic, Kevin, Man-at-Arms and Teela all fight off the centurians from behind cover while He-Man breaks free from his chains and recovers his sword. Skeletor and He-Man clash swords and engage in combat. During the fight, He-Man breaks Skeletor's staff and his new powers and god-like status vanish. He-Man tells the weakened Skeletor that it's over, but his enemy draws a hidden sword and lunges at He-Man. The fight continues, but He-Man manages to knock Skeletor down the huge pit that surrounds the Throne Room. Now victorious and with Julie healed by the Sorceress, it seems like peace at last on Eternia. Kevin and Julie say goodbye to the Eternians and Gwildor opens a doorway back to Earth. When Julie awakes in her bed, she finds her parents downstairs, alive and well and about to take their fateful flight. Julie stops them from leaving and finds Kevin, who confirms it was not all a dream and holds out their souvenir of Eternia, a blue marble with the image of He-Man holding the Sword of Grayskull high above his head. In the huge pit beneath the Throne Room, which Skeletor was knocked into, which is filled with red water. Skeletor suddenly emerges and pops his head out of the water and vows "I'll be back!".
tt0085333
Horror,Thriller
It's 1958 in Detroit. We are inside a car factory where numerous Plymouth Fury's are being assembled. Among the rather plain-colored vehicles, one of them stands out: a bright-red one. During the process, this particular red car is being fussed about by one factory worker who has his hand injured when the vehicle's hood comes down on it. Another factory worker takes a seat inside the vehicle; he will be found dead afterwords. Present day, September 16, 1978 in Northern California. Arnie Cunningham (Keith Gordon) is a meek teenager who spends his weekends playing Scrabble with his parents (Christine Belford and Richard Darnell), who still treat him as a child. Arnie and his best friend Dennis Guilder (John Stockwell) are going to their school, as usual. Arnie is clumsy, and his black-rimmed glasses characterize him as being nerdy. Dennis is a football player, who still befriends Arnie and tries to stand up for him. During shop class, Arnie is bullied by several students led by Buddy Repperton (William Ostrander). Dennis tries to stop the bullies, but he can't be all the time checking on weak Arnie. Today, Buddy stamps on Arnie's sack-lunch and also breaks his glasses. When both Arnie and Dennis tell the shop teacher that Buddy had a switchblade in his possession when he teased Arnie, it looks that the only consequence will be bad for Arnie, as Boddy announces he will take his own back pretty soon. Arnie and Dennis start their way back to their homes. Arnie notices a used Plymouth Fury with a placard announcing "SOLD". Supposedly, this is the same vehicle that we saw on the Detroit assembly line... only now it's dirty, gritty, broken, with pieces peeling off or falling apart. In spite of everything, Arnie falls in love with this car. He immediately wants to buy it. The owner, George LeBay, tells the story of the car: he inherited it from his dead brother, Roland. The current owner also tells Arnie that the car has a name: Christine. Arnie drives Dennis home in his new car. Once at home, Arnie's overprotective parents angrily start pestering him for having spent his money on a car without consulting them, and especially one in Christine's wrecked condition. Arnie angrily shouts back that throughout his life, they haven't allowed him to have something he truly wants, and that he is dead-set on keeping Christine. However, his parents refuse to have it parked in their driveway. Arnie decides to take it to a local junkyard garage run by an irritable middle-aged man named Will Darnell (Robert Prosky) for storage. Over the next several weeks, Arnie begins working on Christine whenever he has a bit of free time after school. He also starts to help Mr. Darnell around his garage. This was the first time when Arnie stood up to his parents. However, it's not only about being against parental control. Dennis also notices a subtle change in Arnie, as he seems to be more assertive. Weirdly enough, Arnie has stopped using his eye glasses. During a football game, Dennis is shocked to see Arnie arrive in Christine, now fully-restored into a shining beautiful red car, but also along for the ride is the new student, Leigh Cabot (Alexandra Paul). The sight of the two of them together causes Dennis to make a mistake on the field as he's tackled hard. This puts an end to Dennis' football career - and to his ambitions for the future-, so he ends up recuperating in hospital, surrounded by medical paraphernalia. Meanwhile, Arnie continues to date Leigh. One night, he takes her to see a film at the drive-in; and there, Leigh confesses to Arnie that she thinks he's moving too fast in their relationship. She also claims she feels unsettled when she is around Christine. During the movie, one of Christine's windshield wipers becomes stuck, and Arnie gets out to fix it. As he does so, Leigh chokes on a hamburger and immediately, the door latches lock themselves! Arnie tries to get back into the car unsuccessfully. Basically, Leigh has to save herself when she manages to unlock the passenger door, and a nearby viewer who saw her struggling performs the Heimlich maneuver on her. Arnie then drives Leigh home. At her doorstep, she tells him that she won't go anywhere in Christine again. There are weird things about the car, she says, like when only old songs can be reached through the radio aerial, but none of the local radio stations can be heard. Arnie then returns Christine to Darnell's garage. After Arnie's departure, Buddy Repperton and his thugs arrive, and they proceed to systematically destroy the car. Arnie sees the wreck done to Christine the following day and is shocked that all the work he had put into restoring the car has evaporated. Arnie suspects that Leigh was somehow responsible for the wreck. He is getting into trouble as home as well, as his temper is radically changed. His parents notice the acute change in him and they comment that they want the old Arnie to come back. The long Scrabble nights are over, and Arnie has one big row with his father. But more and more, Arnie can only think of one matter: he wants to restore Christine to its full beauty again. Next day, first thing he does is going to the salvage garage to re-start work on Christine. Determined, he looks for his tools. Turning his back on Christine, he hears the crinkling of metal behind him. Arnie looks at Christine startled, and he realizes that, part of her engine is now repaired as if by magic. Arnie doesn't look startled anymore, and he encourages Christine to restore herself in front of him. The car flicks her headlights on, and obediently, there is suddenly mayhem: pieces are moving to their original position, the hood dusts itself off, the aerial strengthens up, buttons and seats start mending themselves and end up being shiny as brand new. The living malevolent car has the power to regenerate. A more-determined Arnie goes back to high school life. Nobody dares to touch him now. At night, Christine comes to life by herself and she seeks out and gruesomely kills each gang member who took part in destroying her. He runs after them. Eventually, Christine arrives at a gas station, spilling gasoline, setting it on fire so that the building becomes debris and ashes. Christine catches fire herself, but that doesn't stop her, as she still goes after Buddy. He tries to run away the scene, terrified because he has seen an unexplainable thing happened. The following morning, Chrisitne becomes the quiet, shiny, brand-new red car of the cover painting. Christine also kills grumply Will Darnell, by the slow method of crushing him in the front seat against the steering wheel. Christine has to deform herself in order to do this, but the following morning, she is in perfect condition. Some weeks later in December, Dennis catches Leigh in high school between classes and he talks to her about Arnie and his car. Dennis and Arnie are not best pals anymore, and Leigh had realised that, in spite of not having broken up verbally with Arnie, there is no place in his life for her. Holidays approach, and New Year's Eve is close. Dennis and Leigh talk about the supernatural element in Christine, knowing that they can only talk to each other about that, as nobody else would believe them. They know they will have to kill Christine. Dennis decides to call on his old buddy at his home, but Leigh advises him to take caution. After she leaves, it's Arnie who calls on Dennis instead. Arnie arrives in Christine and invites Dennis over. Arnie drives Dennis to the former's. Dennis realises about Arnie's dazzled eyes, even before Arnie starts doing things he would have never done before, during his nerd phase: he drinks beer in Homer Simpson-quantities, he terrorizes other drivers and even copies the "without-hands" motorbike stunt. Dennis watches how Christine's mile counter moves backwards, having less miles instead of more. Arnie tires to explain to Dennis how wonderful, strong and fulfilled he feels when he is driving Christine; Arnie's words increasingly become those of a starry-eyed lover. When Dennis leaves Christine, he is more unsettled than ever. Dennis is determined that the nightmare has to stop. He thinks that killing Christine is the only way of returning Arnie to normal. Dennis and Leigh may be having a thing going on between them, but it also may be that each one is the only safe rock of the other. They are worried about Arnie, especially Dennis, who really misses his best friend. Next morning, Dennis goes to the school parking lot and scratches "Darnell's Tonight" into Christine's hood, and drives off with Leigh. They go to Darnell's scrapyard and they wait for Arnie and Christine inside a bulldozer. Night falls down, and Dennis devises a plan. He tells Leigh to wait in the office. The plan is that she will shut door on Christine after her arrival, trapping the vehicle inside the office. Leigh leaves to do so. While she is on her way there, the car's lights suddenly break the night: she was hiding under a pile of garbage. Christine drives towards Leigh trying to run over her, but crashes on to one of the office walls instead. Arnie gets ejected through Christine's windshield and is impaled on a shard of glass, fatally wounding him. Arnie is bloodied, but in his last breath, he just caresses Christine's front bumper for the last time. In his own way, he dies happy. Enraged, Christine attacks Leigh once again. Dennis drives the bulldozer and he fights Christine, who is playing Pledging My Love at top volume on her radio. Christine is still set on dealing with Leigh first, so she approaches her top speed to run over her. However, Dennis drives the bulldozer up on to the car's back, stopping her and crashing her. Leigh climbs in to the cab of the bulldozer and embraces Dennis. Meanwhile, Christine returns back to life and begins to heal herself over again. So, Dennis has to drive the bulldozer over Christine, crashing her onto a thin layer of metal and glass materials, until her headlights flicker and then go out for good. Dennis compacts the red car onto a cube. The ordeal is over. However, later on, within that scrape-yard cube, a metallic stick starts to slowly move and straighten up...
tt0449487
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
After a plane crash where only a few passengers survive, Dr. Claire Summers (Anne Hathaway) is sent to act as their therapist. She befriends Eric (Patrick Wilson), one of the survivors, and soon after, strange things begin happening. Eric seems to know personal things about Claire such as her sister Emma (Stacy Grant). Claire's neighbor keeps helping her, and Eric's dead dog is seen again. After discussing the incident with the other patients, Claire begins thinking that the airline company is trying to cover up what happened, by saying that the accident was just an accident, although the others say they saw an explosion. One by one the survivors begin disappearing, and Claire is getting more convinced that the airline is going after them. Later, Eric realizes that he is dead - he jumps in front of a train and attempts to suicide, but fails. Claire goes to her sister Emma's house where she finds Arkin (David Morse), a man from the airline's company who was hiding the information. He tells her that everyone on the plane is dead - there were no survivors. He leaves a briefcase of information, and Claire reads the passenger list - Claire Summers was one of the passengers on the plane. None of them had survived, and they were just being visited by loved ones to help them on their transition. The strange neighbor who helped her - her aunt, Eric - the man she befriended on the plane before the crash, Perry (Andre Braugher) - a teacher from when she was a child. Arkin was actually the person who caused of the accident - he left the cockpit into the hands of the co-pilot, and after the explosion they crashed. At the end, Claire's sister Emma visits, and their ties are closed. For each of the plane victims, someone close to them comes to help in passaging from life to death.
tt0209077
Drama
In the opening scene, teenager Ken Park (Adam Chubbuck) is seen skateboarding across Visalia. He arrives at a skate park, where he casually sits in the middle of it, sets up a camcorder, and shoots himself in the head with a handgun. His death is used to set up the rest of the film, which follows the lives of four other teens he used to hang out with, shortly after the suicide. Shawn (James Bullard) is the most stable of the four main characters. He has an ongoing sexual relationship with his girlfriend (Zara Mcdowell)'s mother, Rhonda (Maeve Quinlan), throughout the story. He casually socializes with their family, who (including his girlfriend) are completely unaware of the situation and they never find out about him and Rhonda. Claude (Stephen Jasso) is a troubled teen who fends off physical and emotional abuse from his alcoholic father while trying to take care of his very pregnant mother, who never does anything to defend him (mostly because she is used to the abuse that Claude's father inflicts upon her and Claude). Claude's father detests him for being insufficiently manly, but after coming home drunk one night, he attempts to perform oral sex on him, causing Claude to run away from home. Peaches (Tiffany Limos) is a girl living alone with her extremely religious father (Julio Oscar Mechoso), who fixates on her as the embodiment of her deceased mother. When her father catches her and her boyfriend, Curtis, (Mike Apaletegui) on her bed about to have sex, he beats the boy and savagely disciplines her, including forcing her to participate in a quasi-incestuous wedding ritual with him. Tate (James Ransone) is an unstable and sadistic adolescent living with his grandparents, whom he resents and frequently verbally abuses. He is shown engaging in autoerotic asphyxiation during masturbation. He eventually murders his grandparents in their bed, in retaliation for his grandfather (Harrison Young) "cheating" at Scrabble and his grandmother (Patricia Place) for "invading his privacy"; the act arouses him sexually. The film cuts frequently between subplots, with no overlap of characters or events until the end. As Tate is being arrested, Shawn, Claude, and Peaches meet and have sex as a threesome. The ending finally reveals the motive behind Ken Park's suicide: he had impregnated his girlfriend (Loranne Maze), who responded to his suggestion of abortion by asking if he regretted his mother for not aborting him. Concluding that he did, he skates off to kill himself.
tt0896534
Horror
The film begins in a school playground, where two teenagers, Rickie (Shiloh Fernandez) and JT (Noah Segan) are talking. JT gets Rickie to skip school, and the two decide to go to an abandoned mental asylum. They horse around for a while, before exploring the basement. In the basement, JT disappears and scares Rickie, before they hear a banging sound. JT says it isn't him, and a large dog appears and chases them. They escape and enter another room that they must pry a rusted shut door open to enter. There they see a nude girl (Jenny Spain) chained to a table with a plastic bag over her head. Their first impression is that there is a killer in the room or near them, but then they see her move. JT thinks that they should keep her for themselves and Rickie is horrified and wants to call the police, but JT tells him not to and punches him and Rickie leaves. Rickie comes back later with a gun, and JT tells him that after he left the girl has started struggling, but especially that she had been gnashing her teeth and repeatedly trying to bite him. He tells him that started hitting the girl to stop her (though she posed no threat because she was chained) and that he had strangled her to death twice. He then swipes the gun from Rickie and shoots her three times, but she doesn't die. JT concludes that she is dead and wants to keep her as a sex slave. Rickie, who had initially wanted to free her is unsure how to proceed, though he wants to do the right thing. He goes to school the next day and stares at Joann (Candice King), the girl he has a crush on. Later, he talks to his friend Wheeler (Eric Podnar) about liking Joann. He then goes to a drug dealer and purchases some bolt cutters from him. He returns to the basement to free the girl and hears a banging sound, where he finds Wheeler raping her. He argues with JT about this, and JT tells him that Wheeler is their friend and they can trust him. He decides to go back another day, when JT isn't there and manages to cut one of her handcuffs off. JT climbs on top of her and she scratches his face deeply. Rickie gets out and goes back home. The next day at school, Rickie talks to Joann during a gym lesson. In the car park, he and Wheeler are attacked by Johnny (Andrew DiPalma), Joann's boyfriend and his friend Dwyer (Nolan Gerard Funk). After being beaten up, Wheeler tells them that he and Rickie don't need Joann because they have their own pussy now. Johnny and Dwyer go to the basement, where JT asks them if they want a go on the girl. The jocks believe that she is alive and are willing to accept the implausible story that she is into being an s&m sex slave. Having already been beaten viciously by the jocks and kidnapped by them, Rickie suggests that Johnny have the girl blow him (while his friend is already raping her) knowing that the girl will bite his penis. The wound is not shown, but it is implied to be painful but not (under normal circumstances) damaging or fatal. JT tells them that they can't go to the police about it because they will be arrested for rape. The next day, at school, Johnny goes to the toilet and his intestines begin to fall out. Dwyer returns to the asylum basement to take the dead girl to the hospital (thinking that Johnny is diseased and not knowing that he is dead) so that they can diagnose her and cure his friend. Instead he encounters JT who kills him. There are growing reasons to believe that JT may be infected as well, potentially from the scratches to his face. Later, JT is putting makeup on the girl's face, when the dog from earlier enters the room and jumps on her, causing her to bite it and kill it. Later, JT concludes that if Johnny was infected by the bite that they can make a new dead girl, as the original one is becoming increasingly damaged from their abuse, and they go in search of a woman. They find a woman on the car park of a petrol station, and JT hits her with a crowbar, but she manages to beat them both up and escapes. Shortly after this, Joann sees them and argues with them about what happened to Johnny, so they kidnap her instead. They take her to the basement and tie her up, but Rickie arrives, and argues with the others, cutting Wheeler's hand off with a sword. He frees Joann, but the dead girl escapes and kills Wheeler. JT tries to stop her but she attacks him too. Rickie and Joann are trapped in the building because the exit door won't open, and Rickie decides to go back. The dead girl knocks him over rather than attacking him and pries the exit door open and escapes to freedom. Rickie wakes up to find Joann mortally wounded and stumbling towards him, saying that JT had stabbed her with the sword. JT tells Rickie to let him bite her before she dies and it's too late. The film then shows Rickie in class with a bright outlook on life, and cycling around, before showing Joann tied to the table in the basement, apparently the new deadgirl. Rickie has nice clothes that he clearly dresses her in, but she is clearly non-verbal and an undead sex slave and the situation is no different than when JT was putting makeup on the original dead girl.
tt0086541
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Max Renn (James Woods) is the president of CIVIC-TV (Channel 83, Cable 12), a sleazy Toronto UHF television station specializing in sensationalistic programming. Displeased with his station's current lineup (which mostly consists of softcore pornography), Renn is on a seemingly endless quest for something that isn't so "soft" and will "break through" to a new audience. One morning Renn is summoned to the clandestine office of Harlan (Peter Dvorsky), who operates CIVIC-TV's pirate satellite dish, a technologically advanced satellite run on an amalgamation of high-tech components that allows it to pirate broadcasts from as far away as Asia. Harlan shows Renn "Videodrome," a plotless television show apparently being broadcast out of Malaysia, which depicts the brutal torture and eventual murder of anonymous victims in a bizarre, reddish-orange chamber. Believing this to be the future of television-- snuff TV-- Renn orders Harlan to begin pirating the show. Appearing on a Rena King's TV talk show, Renn defends his station's programming choices to Nikki Brand (Deborah Harry), a sadomasochistic psychiatrist, and Professor Brian O'Blivion (Jack Creley), a pop-culture analyst and philosopher who will only appear on television if his image is broadcast into the studio, onto a television, from a remote location. O'Blivion hijacks the interview and delivers a speech prophesying a future in which television supplants real life. Renn dates Nikki, who is sexually aroused when Renn shows her an episode of Videodrome and coaxes him into having sex with her while they watch it. Renn goes once again to Harlan's office, where Harlan informs him that the signal delay which caused it to appear to be coming from Malaysia was a ploy by the broadcaster. In fact, Videodrome is being broadcast out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Renn tells Nikki of his discovery and she excitedly goes to Pittsburgh to try and audition for the show. When Nikki fails to return to Toronto, Renn contacts Masha Borowski (Lynne Gorman), a softcore feminist pornographer with long-standing ties to the porn community, and asks her to help him find out the truth about Videodrome. Through Masha, Renn learns that Videodrome is the public "face" of a political ideology movement with unspecified but apparently violent goals. Masha further informs Renn that Brian O'Blivion knows about Videodrome. Max Renn tracks down O'Blivion's office to The Cathode Ray Mission, a mission where homeless individuals are provided food, shelter, and clothing, and encouraged to engage in marathon sessions of television viewing. Renn discovers that the mission is run by O'Blivion's daughter, Bianca (Sonja Smits), with the goal of helping to bring about her father's vision of a world in which television replaces every aspect of everyday life. Later, Renn views a videotape in which O'Blivion informs him that "the Videodrome" is a socio-political battleground in which a war is being fought for control of the minds of the people of North America. Shortly thereafter, Renn begins experiencing disturbing hallucinations in which his torso transforms into a bloody, vaginal VCR. In one hallucination, Renn finds himself strapped to a chair while a hooded figure is strangling him. The hood comes off to reveal Nikki. Her lips fill the screen of a TV set where she says: "Come to me." Renn leans in close. Pulling and undulating, the screen envelopes his face. At the mission, Bianca tells Renn that these are side-effects from having viewed Videodrome, which is in fact the carrier of a malicious broadcast signal that causes the viewer to develop a malignant brain tumor. Brian O'Blivion helped to create it as part of his vision for the future, but when he found out that it was to be used for malicious purposes, he attempted to stop his partners; they used his own invention to kill him. In the year before his death, O'Blivion recorded tens of thousands of videos, which now form the basis of his television appearances. Bianca sends Renn away with an armful of videotapes to watch. As he watches one tape, holding a pistol, he scratches his stomach in which the vagina-like slit opens, into which his gun disappears. On the tape, O'Blivion says: "There is nothing real outside our perception of reality, is there?" Renn is contacted by Videodrome's producer, the Spectacular Optical Corporation, an eyeglasses company that acts as a front for a NATO weapons manufacturer. The head of Spectacular Optical, Barry Convex, (Leslie Carlson) has been working with Harlan to get Renn to broadcast Videodrome as part of a crypto-government conspiracy to morally and ideologically "purge" North America, giving fatal brain tumors to "lowlifes" fixated on extreme sex and violence. Convex produces a high-tech helmet to record Renn's hallucinations, to find out why he seems to be functioning when none of the other "test subjects" has returned to "normality." Convex places the helmet on Renn's head and leaves the room. Renn hallucinates himself in Videodrome with Nicki. As he whips an organic TV set, Nicki's image transforms into Masha. Renn wakes up in his own bed with Masha dead at his side. Renn calls Harlan to come over with his camera, but when he arrives, he sees nothing in the bed to photograph. Totally wired, Renn says they must watch last nights Videodrome broadcast as he is in it. At the lab, Harlan reveals that there never was a broadcast, only pre-recorded tapes which he never watched. Just then Convex enters. He says that they chose Channel 83 for the first transmission of the Videodrome signal because of it's sleazy content and audience. "Why would anybody watch a show like Videodrome?" says Convex. Under Convex's influence he produces a pulsating VHS tape and Renn's stomach-slit opens to receive his program. Convex orders Renn to: "kill your partners and give me Channel 83." Renn pulls his gun back from the slit and black metal tendrils extend into his hand. Renn goes back to Channel 83 station and shoots both Moses and Raphael in the Channel 8 boardroom, his gun/hand now a single organic fusion. His next program is to kill Bianca O'Blivion. He breaks into the Mission, but hesitates when Bianca plays him Nikki's death scene on Videodrome. She was killed on the show along with all those other people by Spectacular Optical Corporation. A flesh-gun emerges from the TV set and shoots him - a violent deprogramming. Bianca inserts her own tape into Renn's slit. With that she re-programs him to go after the ones responsible for creating Videodrome. She tells him he is: "the video word made flesh. Death to Videodrome. Long live the new flesh." Back at the Channel 83 studios, Harlan congratulates Renn on his good work, and changes his program. When Harlen withdraws his hand from Renn's slit to retrieve the videotape program, he is horrified to see his hand become a ticking bloody organic grenade. The explosion kills Harlan and blows a hole in the wall of the studio which Renn calmly steps out. At the Spectacular Optical trade show at the Toronto Convention Centre, Convex introduces the new spring collection, the Medici range. Renn approaches the stage and shoots Convex with his gun/hand, who falls dead and his entire body erupts in a gory and sickening mass of tumors as people scream and panic. Renn waves his hand/gun to the assembly declaring: "Death to Videodrome! Long live the new flesh!" Afterwards, Renn takes refuge on a derelict boat in an abandoned harbor, where Nicki appears to him on another television that appears. As Renn sits on a filthy mattress, Nicki tells him he has weakened Videodrome, but that in order to completely defeat it, he has to "leave the old flesh." The television then shows an image of Renn shooting himself in the head with his gun/hand, which causes the TV set to explode, splattering the deck of the ship with bloody, human intestines and multicolored goo. Imitating what he has just seen on TV, Renn says his final words, "Long live the New Flesh", and then he pulls the trigger.
tt0462362
Comedy,Horror,Romance
On his way home from his drab, run-of-the-mill job, drab run-of-the-mill Harry Balbo (Sean Patrick Flanery) is stopped on the corner by a homeless man and asked whether he can spare any change so that he can get something to eat. Harry isn't carrying any change, but he does stop at a convenience store to buy him a hotdog. When he gets back to the corner, the man is nowhere to be seen until the headlights of a passing car show him having his blood drained by a beautiful girl with fangs. She then rips off his head and leaps through a window three stories high. Of course, nobody believes his story--not LAPD Detective Michael Loper (Boyd Kestner), not coworker Chet (Josh Hopkins), and not even Javier (Jon Huertas), the other jerk he works with. The only one who gives some credence to his story is Ronnie Klein (Brad Rowe), the convenience store clerk, but Ronnie has problems of his own. His new chick is so hot for sex that she's draining him of all his energy. The next night, when Harry has trouble sleeping, he wanders out to the crime scene where he sees the chalk outline of the headless victim drawn on the sidewalk and has a feeling that Ronnie might be in danger. He climbs up the fire escape outside Ronnie's apartment and peeks in the bedroom window to see Ronnie having his blood drained by the same girl that ripped off the head of the homeless man. Unfortunately, Harry knocks over a flowerpot, which alerts the girl to his presence. She tears past him, gashing his cheek on the way. The next day, when Harry hears that Ronnie has been found dead, he becomes certain that the girl is a vampire. Searching the internet, he finds a website all about vampires, sends mail to the owner, who calls himself Nightstalker, and asks what to do. Nightstalker says that the only thing he can do is to find the vampire, stake her, and cut off her head. Harry refuses to do that on grounds that it's murder. Turns out that Nightstalker lives in the same apartment building where Harry lives and works part-time doing maintenance, as he finds out when Strickland (Michael Biehn) in 3D calls him to fix a stopped up toilet. Strickland, an L4 quadriplegic, works out of his apartment tracking vampires. He is currently following the whereabouts of nine of them, including the one in Los Angeles. She set up housekeeping in L.A. about two months ago, Strickland explains and shows Harry the map he has made of her known killings and the areas where he thinks she might be resting during the daytime. By searching the tax records for delinquent payments, he has located 12 possible abandoned buildings she could be calling home. Harry decides to try and find the vampire before she finds him. The next day, he calls in sick. Then, armed with the map and an armload of wirecutters, crowbars, sledgehammers, stakes, and a big cleaver, he begins searching through the selected buildings. In the last one, he comes upon the vampire, asleep on the floor. Just as he's about to pound the stake through her chest, she wakes up and pleads with him not to kill her. "I have to eat to live, just like you," she says pitifully, and Harry can't kill her. Instead, he comes up with a plan. He steals a load of steel pipes from his company and builds a cage in the basement of his apartment building. That night, he goes out looking for her. When she sees him, she starts chasing him. Harry runs back into his apartment building, leading her down to the basement and straight into the cage. Before she realizes what's happening, Harry slams the cage shut and locks it. At first, the vampire is enraged. When she calms down, she introduces herself as Tatiana (Charlotte Ayanna) and tries to sweet talk Harry into letting her go free. When Harry refuses, she tells him that he must either feed her or kill her. Harry agrees to feed her. The next day, he brings home a rabbit. She begrudgingly accepts it but suggests that Harry bring home an enemy or, at least, someone he doesn't like. The only person who fits that bill is Javy, the jerk at work that hounds him relentlessly, but Harry refuses. When Strickland finds out that Harry has encaged the vampire rather than killing her, he is livid. He tells Harry the story of how he was paralyzed at 18 years of age when his army troop came upon a village in Vietnam where every man, woman, and child had been wiped out by two vampires...a male and his concubine. It took all their firepower and then a flamethrower to destroy the male, but then his girlfriend showed up and single-handedly wiped out every one of the soldiers in Strickland's unit...with the exception of Strickland. Him she batted just once, breaking his spine. He lay there, pretending to be dead, until a reinforcement troop found him and took him to a hospital after wiping out the female vamp with napalm. Strickland suggests that Harry kill Tatiana now before she overpowers him. He recommends that Harry find himself a new girlfriend. Harry tries to kiss Cindi (Amanda Noret), a girl who lives down the hallway from him, when she brings him a dish of lasagna, but Cindi rebuffs him. Tatiana is having a hard time living on rabbit blood and keeps requesting that Harry bring home Javier for her because she needs human blood. One day, a meter reader comes down in the basement and finds Tatiana in the cage. She begs him to let her out, but he offers only to get the police, so she grabs him through the bars and feeds on him, leaving the body for Harry to dispose of. Realizing that rabbits aren't going to do it for Tatiana, Harry goes online and buys her a pint of human blood and brings it to her on a plate with a red rose, but she tosses it across the room, refusing to drink it because it's dead blood. Poor Harry. He's falling in love with Tatiana. She haunts his dreams and offers to love him back in ways that he can only imagine. Meanwhile, he's making mistakes at work, sending out the wrong flanges, and his theft of the steel pipes has caught up with him. When Chet informs him that Mr Henderson from the main office is coming to see him and Javy starts taunting Harry about how he's going to lose his job, Harry has had it. He confesses to Javy about the insatiable girl he has in his basement and how she needs more lovers than just him. Javier, who thinks of himself as a "sexual Tyrannosaurus" is more than happy to meet Tatiana and eagerly arrives at Harry's apartment decked out with his bag of love toys. At the last minute, however, Harry has a change of heart and tries to talk Javy out of going into the basement. Javy slugs Harry, knocking him out, and grabs the keys. When Javy sees Tatiana, he is aroused and willing to help her satisfy her "appetite". She asks him to get the key on the wall so that he can open the cage. When he comes closer, she begins caressing his arm (the one not holding the keys) until she can control herself no longer and bites down. Harry stumbles down the stairs and tries to pull Javy away from Tatiana, but she rips off his arm, pulls his entire body into the cage, and proceeds to drain him dry. Meanwhile, the body of the meter reader has been uncovered in a plastic bag in the dump, and Detective Loper and his partner have been able to identify the fingerprints on the bag as belonging to Harry Balbo. From the meter reader's meter, they have gotten the address of the last place he visited...Harry's apartment building. After the detectives visit Harry's workplace looking for him, Chet gives Harry a call and warns him that the cops are on the way. Knowing that it's all over, Harry calls Strickland to say goodbye. Then he offers himself to Tatiana, along with the key to her cage. Tatiana is reluctant but finally agrees to turn him. After the deed is done, Harry goes upstairs, knocks on Cindi's door, hands her a rose, and asks to be fed. She invites him in. In the final scene, Strickland waits in his wheelchair facing the front door, a loaded rifle in his hand. "Come on, you motherf****rs," he shouts. "I know you're out there, so come and get me. Come on!"
tt0108333
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In 1625 France, following in his late fathers footsteps, D'Artagnan (Chris O'Donnell) sets off to Paris in hopes of becoming a member of the Musketeers, a band of men sworn to serve and protect the King of France. D'Artagnan is pursued by Gérard and his brothers, who accuse him of blemishing their sister's honor. Gérard had saw his sister kissing D'Artagnan goodbye or as D'Artagnan put it "she wanted to give me something to remember her by!". At Musketeer headquarters, Captain Rochefort (Michael Wincott) and the cardinal's guards have disbanded the musketeers as per the orders of Cardinal Richelieu (Tim Curry), the King's minister, ostensibly to help fight in an impending war with England. Rochefort confides to the Cardinal that there are three musketeers that have refused to relinquish their duties: Athos (Kiefer Sutherland), Porthos (Oliver Platt), and Aramis (Charlie Sheen). Upon reaching Paris, the headstrong D'Artagnan has a series of chance physical encounters with these same three musketeers, resulting in D'Artagnan accepting a sword duel with each one that very day. D'Artagnan arrives at the Ruins for his first duel and, much to his surprise, Athos, Porthos and Aramis reveal themselves as musketeers. But before the duels can commence, the captain of the cardinal's guard appears with orders to arrest the resistant musketeers. Although D'Artagnan himself is not under arrest, he joins the three musketeers in the ensuing skirmish, implicating himself with them. Displeased (but still impressed) by D'Artagnan's involvement, the three musketeers leave d'Artagnan behind. More of the Cardinals guards, led by Rochefort, arrive and D'Artagnan is captured. D'Artagnan refuses to cooperate with the investigator to the three musketeer's whereabouts or about their intentions (which D'Artagnan does know know). During an escape attempt, D'Artagnan is able to eavesdrop on a conversation between Cardinal Richelieu and Countess Milady de Winter (Rebecca De Mornay), as the Cardinal asks that she deliver a signed treaty to the Duke of Buckingham of England. Before he can get a view of the Cardinal's spy, D'Artagnan is caught at the doorway by Rochefort. He is then interrogated by the Cardinal to what he knows, and Richelieu ultimately orders D'Artagnan for execution the next morning. At the execution, d'Artagnan is saved by Porthos and Aramis, who are dressed as the hooded executioners, and the three make a getaway in the Cardinal's personal coach, driven by Athos. While D'Artagnan reveals Richelieu's plans, the three musketeers decide to intercept Richelieu's spy to prove that the Cardinal is guilty of treason. Meanwhile, Cardinal Richelieu tries to convince the young and naive King Louis XIII (Hugh O'Conor), about the three rogue musketeers and of his desire to capture them for treason. Louis knows that that Richelieu might have a hidden agenda for his reason to track down the three renegade musketeers, but allows him to proceed with the search. At the same time, Cardinal Richelieu begins to spend more time around the young king's wife Queen Sophie of Austria (Gabrielle Anwar) who also finds his presence, creepy, but that he is too powerful to confront, keeps her distance to him. That night, D'Artagnan and the three musketeers stop at an inn to rest. Athos tells the story of a count that fell in love with a beautiful woman, but upon discovering that she was branded for execution, betrayed her by giving her up to the authorities. The party decides to split up during a skirmish when the cardinal's guards arrive and open fire on them with muskets. Athos sends D'Artagnan to ride ahead and intercept the Cardinal's spy and the treaty, but D'Artagnan passes out from exhaustion in the middle of the road. The next morning when D'Artagnan wakes up, he finds he is stripped of his weapons and clothes and Milady de Winter is there to rouse and seduce him. Not knowing who she is, D'Artagnan tells her of his plans, whereupon she tries to kill him. Instead, D'Artagnan convinces her to keep him alive. When Milady de Winter's party tries to escape by boat to England, they find that the crew has been killed by Porthos and Aramis, and another sword skirmish ensues. Milady attempts to run away, but is confronted by the newly arrived Athos, who recognizes her and calls her 'Sabine'. He is astonished to see her, as he thought she was dead. It is revealed that HE was the count of his story and that Sabine was the wife he betrayed. Milady de Winter is then apprehended by her former brother-in-law, as Sabine is responsible for killing her husband, Lord de Winter she is sentenced to death by execution. The three musketeers retrieve the treaty and learn that the Cardinal is planning something on King Louis's birthday, though it does not specify what in the treaty. Athos attempts to learn what it is by visiting Sabine in her cell. She asks if he can stop her execution tomorrow. Athos cannot and Sabine does not reveal what the Cardinal's plan is. During the execution, just as Sabine is lowering her head for the executioner to be beheaded, Athos stops him and begs forgiveness from Sabine for his betrayal. She accepts and whispers to Athos that Richelieu plans to assassinate King Louis. She then jumps off a cliff to her death. The three musketeers set out to re-band the rest of the musketeers, in secret, for the king's birthday celebration. Richelieu and Rochefort hire a sharpshooter to assassinate the king. During the assembly, D'Artagnan is able to stop the sniper from killing the king, but the shot narrowly misses its target and the Cardinal blames the musketeers in the crowd for the attempted assassination. Athos, Porthos and Aramis drop their cloaks to show their musketeer tunics and face the Cardinal's guards. Meanwhile, several men from the crowd rush to their sides and reveal that they are musketeers. A climatic sword battle between the musketeers and the Cardinal's guards engulfs the palace. Richelieu takes the King and Queen as hostages and tries to take them to the dungeon below. Aramis confronts the Cardinal to stop him, but Richelieu shoots him in the chest with a pistol and makes his way into the passageway to the dungeon. Athos duels Rochefort and D'Artagnan interrupts the battle to fight Rochefort himself. During D'Artagnan's duel, Rochefort reveals that he was the one that murdered D'Artagnan's father. D'Artagnan, from anger, renews his efforts to kill him. Rochefort fights back and is able to disarm D'Artagnan. Just as Rochefort is about to deal D'Artagnan the final blow, someone off-camera (later revealed to be Constance) slides D'Artagnan's sword back to him and Rochefort is killed before he can strike. D'Artagnan has finally avenged his father's death. Constance, on the stairs, moves the sword away and puts her hands in his, smiling. Athos joins Porthos, who is at the unconscious Aramis side, and as they search for his wound, Aramis suddenly wakes, and it is revealed that the bullet was stopped by the huge brass cross that Aramis wears. They follow Richelieu into the dungeons and split up to stop him from killing the King and Queen. In the dungeon, Athos and Porthos just miss the Cardinal as his boat casts off on the underground river. Athos says that they have proof of Richelieu's treason, but Richelieu does not seem to care. The boatman then casts off his cloak and the Cardinal is astonished to see that it is Aramis. Aramis attempts to apprehend the Cardinal, but King Louis XIII stops him and punches Richelieu, knocking him in to the river. (It is the last time Richelieu appears in the film, so his fate is left unknown.) A few days later, the musketeers are reinstated by the King. Accompanied by Athos, Aramis and Porthos, D'Artagnan is honored in a ceremony. King Louis makes him a musketeer. Constance, who has remained by the Queen's side, runs to him and gives him a big embrace, impressing both Aramis and Porthos. Outside Musketeer headquarters, Gérard and his brothers suddenly appear and challenge D'Artagnan to an immediate duel. D'Artagnan tells his new friends that he will take care of this problem and Porthos stops him from continuing, stating that since now he is a musketeer, musketeers protect each other. D'Artagnan calls out, "All for one"... and the rest of the musketeers shout out, "One for all!" The film ends with Gérard and his brothers being chased by the entire division of musketeers.
tt0083511
Action,Comedy,Crime
Convicted robber Albert Ganz is working as part of a road gang in California, when a big Native American man named Billy Bear drives up in a pickup truck and asks for water to cool off his truck's overheating radiator. Ganz and Billy end up in a fight with each other, and when the guards try to break up the fight, Billy slips a gun to Ganz, and Billy and Ganz kill two out of the three guards. Billy is one of Ganz's partners in a gang of thieves, and Billy has helped Ganz escape from prison. Two days later, Ganz and Billy kill Henry Wong, who was one of their partners. Later that same day, alcoholic San Francisco cop Jack Cates (Nick Nolte) joins two of his friends and co-workers -- Detective Algren and Detective VanZant -- at the Walden Hotel to check out a man named G.P. Polson, who is in Room 27. Jack waits downstairs while Algren and VanZant head to Room 27, where it turns out that G.P. Polson is Ganz using a fake name. Ganz immediately kills VanZant, and shoots Algren, while Billy attends to some other business in the room next door to room 27. Jack hears the shots and rushes upstairs, where Algren tells him to go downstairs and find Ganz and Billy. Jack confronts Ganz and Billy downstairs. When Algren makes it downstairs, Ganz takes Jack's gun and uses it to kill Algren, and then Ganz and Billy escape with Jack's gun. At the station, Jack is issued a new gun, a Colt .45, and fellow cop Ben Kehoe tells Jack about Ganz's former partner Reggie Hammond (Eddie Murphy), who is in prison with 6 months to go on a three year sentence for armed robbery. Jack tells his boss, Haden, that he wants to work alone in the search for Ganz, and then Jack visits Reggie at the prison. Jack gets Reggie a 48-hour leave from the prison so Reggie can help Jack find Ganz and Billy. Reggie leads Jack to an apartment that Ganz's only other partner, Luther, lives in. Jack and Reggie don't know that a few days ago, Ganz and Billy kidnapped Luther's girlfriend Rosalie. When Jack steps inside Luther's apartment and starts looking around, Luther runs upstairs to the apartment and fires a shot at Jack. Jack chases Luther to Jack's car, where where he left Reggie handcuffed to the steering wheel. Reggie opens the car door on Luther, knocking him down and taking his gun. Jack forces Reggie to give up the pistol and begins interrogating Luther. After getting nothing out of Luther, Jack puts Luther in jail. That night, Reggie leads Jack to Torchy's, a redneck hangout where Billy used to be a bartender. After Reggie harasses the customers in the bar with Jack watching on, until the bartender finally tells Reggie where to find the apartment that Ganz's girlfriend Sally and Billy's girlfriend Casey live in. The apartment is on top of the Win Sun jewelry store in the Chinatown section of San Francisco. Jack and Reggie visit Casey and Sally, but get nothing out of them, nearly being beaten by them when they're mistaken for intruders. Back at the car, Jack, who knows Ganz is after something, demands that Reggie tell him what Ganz is after. Because Reggie has refused to tell Jack, Jack starts a fight with Reggie. After the fight, Reggie tells Jack that Ganz and Billy are after $500,000 that is in the trunk of Reggie's car, which is in a parking garage. Reggie and his partners -- Ganz, Billy, Luther, and Henry -- had robbed a drug dealer of the $500,000 during a drug sale, and then Ganz turned around and betrayed Reggie. Jack and Reggie head out to the parking garage, parking across the street to watch the entrance. The next morning, Jack and Reggie see Luther, who has been released from jail, going into the parking garage. A few minutes later, Luther emerges with Reggie's car. It seems that Ganz has promised that Rosalie will be safe if Luther gets the money for Ganz. Jack and Reggie chase Luther to a subway station, where Ganz and Billy are waiting. Though Reggie and Jack find them there, Luther still escapes with the money and Rosalie and Billy kills a cop. That night, Jack is at his desk at the police station, and Reggie is at Vroman's, a place where people go to dance. When Jack calls Reggie, who answers on a payphone, Reggie tells Jack where he is, and Jack races to Vroman's to talk to Reggie, who is with a woman named Candy. Jack gives Reggie $20 so Reggie can go to the hotel across the street and have sex with Candy. Just as Reggie and Candy get out the front door of Vroman's, Reggie sees Luther board a bus driven by Billy. Reggie races back inside, and tells Jack. Jack and Reggie get in Jack's car, and in the bus, Luther gives Ganz the money, and then Ganz shoots Luther dead. Jack and Reggie then pull up beside the bus and a gunfight breaks out on the street. After Billy causes Jack and Reggie to crash into a showroom at a car dealership, Haden chews Jack and Reggie out. Jack defends their actions and Reggie, saying he has more heart than most cops do. Later, Jack calls Kehoe, who hasn't heard anything on where Ganz may be. Jack thinks Ganz and Billy may be at Casey and Sally's apartment, so Jack and Reggie head back to the apartment, where Reggie finds Billy, and he shoots Billy dead. Ganz emerges from a room, and opens fire. Reggie and Jack chase Ganz out of the apartment and into a maze of alleys, where Ganz grabs Reggie and puts a gun to Reggie's head. Jack steps into the alley, and fires a shot that kills Ganz, and then when Ganz starts charging towards Jack, Jack fires six more shots, killing Ganz. Later, Jack lets Reggie have sex with Candy at her apartment. Jack shows Reggie his money in his car and tells him, it'll be there waiting for him when he comes out. He then drives away, presumably to take Reggie back to the prison.
tt0083943
Action,Adventure,Thriller
A large Sikorsky helicopter flies over the Alaskan wilderness, its pilots looking for someone below. That someone, Major Mitchell Gant USAF (Rtd) (Clint Eastwood), hears the helicopter approaching and instantly breaks into a dead run back toward his cabin, where he takes a shotgun off its rack and cocks it. As the helicopter lands, Gant lapses into a post-traumatic memory of a nightmare that he lived through in Vietnam: shot down over the North in his F-105 jet, he was being taken to a prison camp when two Hueys machine-gunned his captors. Gant suffered personal trauma when two overflying A-1 Skyraider planes dropped incendiaries on the site, killing a little girl who stood around too long, watching the battle. Back in the present, Captain Arthur Buckholz (David Huffman) pulls Gant out of his episode and apologizes for the unannounced visit. The next several scenes are back-and-forth cuts between the conversation between Gant and Buckholz, and a briefing being run by Kenneth Aubrey (Freddie Jones) of the British SIS concerning the Soviet Union's latest fighter/interceptor: the Mikoyan-Gurevich "MiG" Model 31, given the codename "Firefox" by NATO. Its capabilities seem otherworldly: total stealth, twin engines each delivering 50,000 pounds of thrust, combat ceiling 100,000-plus feet, speed in excess of Mach 5 or even Mach 6 (and able to maintain it, no small feat), and a weapons and defense system able to read the pilot's thoughts and allow him to aim and fire his weapons without even having to press a button, thus affording him a 3- to 5-second reaction-time advantage over any opponent. NATO's decision is to send Gant in to steal a Firefox prototype right off the Soviet development base at Bilyarsk, hundreds of miles east of Moscow, near the Ural Mountains. Gant resents the operation because he is being quite simply blackmailed; he has been allowed to live on government land which now will be sold out from under him if he does not agree to the mission. The NATO Air Force attache (Thomas Hill) resents it as well because Gant has no experience as a spy and, worse yet, is subject to post-traumatic stress disorder and may crack at any time. They use Gant for two reasons only: he speaks fluent Russian and happens to be a perfect fit for the pressure suit worn by the MiG-31's prime test pilot, Lt. Col. Yuriy Voskov (Kai Wulff). Gant goes through several weeks of retraining, both in flying and in aerial combat, and briefings on his first required impersonation--as a corrupt businessman named Leon Sprague, known to be smuggling heroin into the Soviet Union. After his training is over he is sent to London where Aubrey gives him his final briefing on his objectives and he's disguised with a new haircut and a false mustache. Gant is also familiarized with the underground network group, who are mostly Russian Jews. Aubrey also hands him a one-way homing device disguised as a cheap transistor radio. What his handlers don't tell him, though, is that if anything compromises the mission, Gant will be left on his own. Gant lands at Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow, blusters his way through an unannounced customs search, and manages to leave the airport--with the "radio." He takes a taxi to his rooms at the Hotel Moscow, puts the radio into his pocket, and waits. Outside he sees three Soviet soldiers goose-stepping in formation while patrolling. In the meantime, at KGB Moscow Center on Dzerzhinsky Square, Colonel Kontarsky (Kenneth Colley) of the KGB finalizes his plans to safeguard the MiG-31 prior to its trials the next day which will be conducted for the Soviet First Secretary. He also orders his second-in-command, Dmitri Priabin (Oliver Cotton), to arrest some underground members at dawn, but not to move before then. Kontarsky in fact knows all about the spy network funneling information from Bilyarsk out of Russia--but even he does not know what the CIA and the SIS really have planned and as such, he does not want to totally disrupt the network, causing them to go further into hiding. That night Gant walks out to the Krasnokholmsky Bridge, under instructions to be there at precisely 10:30 with the KGB shadowing him -- he is ordered not to lose the KGB tail. There he meets the real Leon Sprague (George Orrison), plus his Moscow network escort, Pavel Upenskoy (Warren Clarke), and two of his confederates. Upenskoy orders Sprague to take Gant's cigar away from him and start smoking it--and then, before Gant's horrified eyes, whips out a pipe and clubs Sprague to death, mutilating the man's face. He then demands that Gant surrender his false papers, which he plants on Sprague before throwing him into the Moscow River. The four men then race to the Paveletskaya Metro station, where Upenskoy hurriedly briefs Gant on his next impersonation: as Michael Lewis, American tourist registered at the Hotel Warsaw. The four then board a subway, though Gant nearly misses it, because his bad dream of the burning girl returns at just that moment. The four ride the train to another station, but when they arrive the KGB is all over it. A KGB plainclothesman challenges Gant for identification, and Gant barely manages to convince him that he is who he says he is, and has to feign illness on account of the "rich food" at the Warsaw Hotel. Upenskoy, dissatisfied with Gant's performance, sends the flustered Gant into a nearby men's room to "get yourself together." But another KGB plainclothesman (Eugene Lipinski) follows Gant into the restroom, challenges him again, and then says that his papers are not in order. The plainclothesman reaches into his coat. Gant, thinking the man is going to draw a gun, grabs his arm and finds the man was only holding a wallet. Gant fights with the agent and kills him. Upenskoy, rushing in at the last minute, is horrified. When the dead agent is discovered, the entire station will be locked down. He tells Gant to move quickly to the exit and angrily assures Gant this papers are, indeed, in order. Gant manages to leave the station, but only by cutting in line and acting like a clueless American. He, Upenskoy, and Upenskoy's colleagues barely manage to get to street level before whistles blow below, indicating that the KGB have found their dead detective and have sealed off the station. Upenskoy takes Gant to a warehouse belonging to a light-delivery service, where Upenskoy gives Gant yet another identity: that of Boris Glazunov, resident of the Mira Prospekt and employed as "driver's mate" to Upenskoy. The next morning, a telephone rings--just once--and Upenskoy tells Gant that they must leave at once because "KGB assigned to the plane" are coming for Upenskoy. Upenskoy gives Gant a pistol with orders not to use it unless absolutely necessary. Kontarsky, meanwhile, has word that Priabin has already picked up the real Boris Glazunov (Barrie Houghton) at his apartment, indicating the man in the van with Upenskoy is an imposter. Curious, Kontarsky orders a KGB tail team not to arrest Upenskoy but to tail him at a distance. Upenskoy and Gant manage to get through a checkpoint, where they know that they must "pose" for a photograph that will be sent to Moscow Center. Afterward, Upenskoy tells Gant that Boris Glazunov was picked up, and that Gant needs to realize that he is now a man of mystery. Upenskoy has decided to assume that the KGB will merely wait to see what develops as they try to identify Gant, who to them is simply someone who pretended to be a Russian driver's mate for some reason still unknown to them. In the meantime, Sprague's former business associate identifies the body of Sprague but notes that he was badly beaten, almost as though his assailant wanted to obscure his identity, a thing that Police Inspector Aleksei Tortyev (Hugh Fraser) is very curious about indeed. Kontarsky is also curious, and demands to know who the mystery man is with Upenskoy, and why an old man (Czeslaw Grocholski) arrested at the warehouse took a poison and the others are "holding out." Kontarsky still refuses simply to arrest Upenskoy, because he wants every member of the spy network, no matter what--this although his officers now suspect that the mystery man is a foreign agent. Priabin is also present, and voices his suspicion that Boris Glazunov, now their prisoner, is totally ignorant of the identity of his substitute and perhaps even of the substitution. Upenskoy reaches Gant's next rendezvous point and orders Gant to jump from the van while it is in motion as soon as they round a curve. Gant thus succeeds jumping out undetected while Upenskoy leads the tail car away. Gant jogs down an incline and meets his next contact: Dr. Semelovsky (Ronald Lacey), a grumpy project scientist assigned to the MiG-31 program. Semelovsky hides Gant in his trunk and prepares to drive in to the base at Bilyarsk. At Moscow Center, Boris Glazunov, refusing to the end to talk (or perhaps, as Priabin suspects, not knowing what to say or even what the KGB wants), dies under torture. Kontarsky, monumentally chagrined, now orders Upenskoy's van stopped. Oblivious to the new developments, Semelovsky gets Gant inside the Bilyarsk compound (excusing his tardiness by pretending to have a dirty engine) and drives him to the scientists' quarters, where Gant now meets Dr. Pyotr Baranovich (Nigel Hawthorne) and his significant other, Natalya (Dimitra Arliss), who offer him his first meal of the day. Meanwhile, Upenskoy gets into a gunfight with the KGB tail team and manages to kill them--but not before they wound him. He crashes his van, abandons it, and sets out on foot, knowing that his life is forfeit but still determined to lead them away from Gant. Baranovich outfits Gant as a Soviet Air Police officer and briefs him on how to bluff his way through a security gate, and on the location of the hangar and its facilities. He also tells Gant that he knows that he will die after Gant escapes with the plane--but any resentment he might feel toward the British SIS for ordering him to sacrifice himself, pales before his resentment of the KGB for making that sacrifice necessary, and for denying him his freedom. At Moscow Center, Aleksei Tortyev asks Priabin to do him a favor: to ask for an identification of the man who landed at Sheremetyevo Airport posing as the dead Sprague. Tortyev thinks that this man is a foreign agent who substituted himself for Sprague. The technicians then surprise Tortyev and Priabin by saying that the man at Sheremetyevo is the same as the man who posed as Boris Glazunov and got out of Moscow on the way to Bilyarsk. Natalya brings word that the guards at the gate have been reinforced--and almost has a heart attack to see Gant outfitted as a Soviet Air Policeman. Baranovich reveals more dire information: that the program has not merely one prototype, but two. The second jet has an advantage over the 1st; it can refuel in the air, whereas Gant must rendezvous with an American submarine on an ice floe off Russia's Arctic coast. Baranovich also explains that he and his small dissident crew intend to sacrifice themselves by destroying the second prototype in the hangar. Gant must, therefore, get the first prototype out of the hangar as soon as he hears the fire alarm. Baranovich also briefs Gant on the coordinates he must feed into the navigation computer, and the Firefox' weapons (four air-to-air missiles, two 50-millimeter cannons, and two flak layers, called "rearward defense pods" or "drone tail units") and thought-activated control systems--but also says that in order to work it, he must "think in Russian" and not try to think in English and translate. Dmitri and Tortyev continue to discuss their lead. Tortyev then suggests that Dmitri search not for a seasoned spy, but for "a young fit man with brains"--i.e., an astronaut or a pilot. Dmitri agrees and commences a systematic search of their thousands of files on astronauts, Air Force pilots, etc. Gant manages to get inside the security gate and, using his falsified rank, takes it on himself to order an extra K-9 patrol to search the forest bordering the fence. He then walks through the hangar and sees the Firefox for the first time. A colonel (actually Kontarsky, though neither man knows the other) accosts him, and Gant apprises him of his orders to the K-9 unit to search the forest. Gant then moves to the pilot's dressing room, and waits there for Voskov, whom he knocks senseless, binds, gags, and stuffs into a locker, having decided not to kill him because "Oh, hell, you didn't do anything." Gant then goes into the showers and waits, at one point demanding that he not be disturbed when other security personnel challenge him for identification. Gant, now impersonating Voskov, manages to keep them from seeing him face-to-face. (Kontarsky has in fact realized that his mystery man has penetrated the installation and ordered a search.) While he waits, he suffers another attack of his PTSD and sits helpless on the floor of the shower. Back at Moscow Center, Priabin has now identified Gant from the pilot archive. He and Kontarsky speculate as to Gant's real plans: is he merely trying to inspect the plane up close? The two come to a terrifying realization that Gant means to steal the plane. Kontarsky immediately orders the arrest of Baranovich and the others--but just then the fire alarm rings; Baranovich and Semelovsky have started the fire that they hope will destroy the second prototype. The fire is put out before it can do any such damage. Semelovsky is shot down at once, and Baranovich manages to get off one round with a pistol before he and Natalya are also gunned down. The sound of the alarms in the hangar awaken Gant from his shock. The last thing that Baranovich sees before he dies is a black pressure-suited figure making its way to the first prototype. Gant, like a man knowing what he is doing, walks over to the waiting plane, climbs aboard, hooks up, and starts going through a very accelerated pre-flight checklist. An officer challenges him for identification, and Gant first waves him off, but when the officer climbs to the cockpit Gant pushes him off the small ladder. Gant hurriedly completes his checklist--but when he raises his visor, Kontarsky recognizes him at once and orders the hangar doors shut. They are too late--Gant starts the engines and taxis out of the hangar at high speed. As the First Secretary's car arrives, Gant taxis to the end of the runway, and then takes off just as the First Secretary arrives. A few miles away, Upenskoy watches Gant fly overhead and then, with the K-9 patrols ready to apprehend him, shoots himself. Gant first makes a deliberate close pass at an Aeroflot Ilyushin-model airliner, a deliberate strategy to confirm his heading traveling south, possibly to Turkey. He then begins a cockpit monologue--which turns into a dialogue with the First Secretary (Stefan Schnabel), who tries to persuade Gant to turn back and surrender, which Gant will not do. Gant finishes his conversation and then turns eastward, toward the Ural chain. The Soviet chiefs of staff, meanwhile, scramble all their air assets on the northern and southern borders and alert the Red Banner Fleets Northern and Southern. In a NATO war room, Aubrey and Buckholz realize, with great joy, that Gant has achieved liftoff. Gant reaches the Urals, and then makes his first mistake: impelled by insatiable curiosity, he test-flies the Firefox at supersonic speeds, seeking to test the power of the plane and its Terrain-Following Radar system. The Soviets realize that he has misled them, as the Air Force chief-of-staff, General Vladimirov (Klaus Löwitsch), has already realized. Vladimirov reasons that Gant was simply too good to blunder into an Aeroflot's flight path by accident. Vladimirov now orders an elaborate plan to trap Gant at the northern end of the Urals, over the Gulf of Kara, where he believes that Gant may have a fueling rendezvous waiting for him on a sheet of ice. The Soviets think they have succeeded when they detect explosions over the Gulf (and so do Aubrey and Buckholz), but in fact Gant has devised a new strategy to elude them. He has downed another of their planes, a "Badger" recon plane, using the thought-controlled arsenal for the first time, and to good effect. This makes the Badger hotter than the Firefox and thus decoys the heat-seeking missiles the Soviets have fired after him. Vladimirov is not so sure that they could defeat Gant as easily as that. Sure enough, Gant wastes his advantage by overflying an ELINT trawler. The First Secretary excoriates Vladimirov, but can do little else; he cannot fire him on short notice. Vladimirov now sets up an ambush with a Soviet guided-missile cruiser. But Gant defeats that ambush, too. First he flies straight toward the cruiser, at low altitude and supersonic speed. He destroys one MiL-24 Hind helicopter gunship, and flies directly over the ship. The sonic boom slams a second Hind to the flight deck, demolishing it. Four missiles fire after him in a tail chase. Gant knocks out two of them with one of his Rear Defense flak layers, and simply outraces the other two a supersonic speed until they run out of fuel and fall into the sea. Back in Bilyarsk, Voskov has been found and has recovered, taking a final briefing from the First Secretary before taking off after Gant. Word comes that Gant has defeated the Russians yet again, and now Vladimirov plans to intercept Gant just short of the polar ice pack. Gant now has another problem: he is running out of fuel, though he at least knows where his refueling point will be, since the homing device activated before he engaged the cruiser. Gant gains altitude and proceeds to glide in--and barely makes it to an ice floe before a US Navy Ohio-class submarine breaks through it to serve as Gant's refueling stop. He lands on the floe and taxis to the submarine, whose crew proceed to refuel him and replace the two missiles he has used. Two Hinds make radar contact with the Americans and fly in to investigate. The Americans hurriedly finish the refueling and rearmament, steam a runway, and see Gant off before they then set up a mock weather station for the Soviets to reconnoiter. But what they don't know is that Vladimirov, loudly insistent, has prevailed upon his colleagues to send the second MiG after the radar contact. After Gant takes off, he thinks he's home free when he suddenly sees two missiles locked onto him that appear to have come out of nowhere--and then spots the second Firefox in his rear-ward monitor. He out maneuvers the missiles and Voskov pursues Gant in a hypersonic aerial chase. Gant uses his air brakes to slip behind the other aircraft and he releases two missiles that immediately miss, and after a rolling loop Voskov and Gant's positions are reversed again. Gant dives toward the ground and skims low over the Arctic, but Voskov stays hard in pursuit, firing his MiG-31's nose-mounted cannons, to no effect. Gant now tries to shake Voskov by flying a slalom race through narrow ice canyons - yet Voskov still stays locked in close pursuit. After clearing and regaining altitude Voskov's Firefox fires his last two missiles, and Gant pulls into a high loop. As he comes out of the loop he goes into a flat tailspin and begins to suffer another delayed stress seizure, but he snaps out of it and releases his landing gear, adding drag enough to barely pull out of the flat spin before he crashes into the Earth. Voskov, out of respect, salutes Gant one last time before dropping in behind Gant, preparing to make the kill. Gant recovers in time to reengage full speed as Voskov futilely fires his 50mm cannon. Gant attempts to fire the Rear Defense Pod but forgets to think in Russian. When he finally realizes it, he issues the command again in Russian and Voskov's aircraft is hit by the missile, exploding in flame. Finally safe, Gant sets a course for the nearest NATO base in Western Europe.
tt0091225
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The film begins with Howard the Duck (voiced by Chip Zien), who lives in a parallel universe inhabited by anthropomorphic ducks. Howard spends his days smoking, drinking and reading the latest issue of Playduck. One day, as Howard relaxes in his armchair, it begins to quake violently and propels him out of his apartment building and into outer space. He eventually crosses dimensions and ends up in Cleveland, Ohio. Howard encounters a woman being attacked by thugs and decides to help her out with his unique brand of "Quack Fu". After the thugs scamper, the woman introduces herself as Beverly (Lea Thompson) and decides to take Howard into her apartment and let him spend the night. The next day, Beverly takes Howard to a supposed scientist named Phil Blumbertt (Tim Robbins), whom Beverly hopes can help Howard return to his world. As Phil is revealed to be only a janitor, Howard resigns himself to life on Earth and rejects Beverly's aid. Howard later lands a job cleaning up at a local romantic spa. Due to unfair treatment by his boss, Howard quits the job and returns to Beverly, who plays in a band called "Cherry Bomb". At the club Cherry Bomb is performing at, Howard comes across Cherry Bomb's manager and confronts him when he bad-mouths the band. A fight ensues, in which Howard is victorious. Howard rejoins Beverly backstage and accompanies her back to the apartment, where Beverly elects Howard to be Cherry Bomb's new manager. The two begin to flirt and almost engage in sexual intercourse, but are interrupted when Blumburtt and two of his colleagues, Doctor Walter Jenning (Jeffrey Jones) and Larry (David Paymer), arrive and reveal how Howard came to this world: earlier, the scientists have been working on a dimensional-jumping device that just happened to be aimed at Howard's universe and brought him to Earth when it was activated. They theorize that Howard can be sent back to his world through this same process, so they drive Howard to the lab planning to send him back. However, the device malfunctions upon being used a second time, arousing the possibility of something else being brought to Earth this time around. Around this time, Jenning's body is taken over by a lifeform from another alternate dimension. At a diner, the lifeform introduces itself as the "Dark Overlord" and demonstrates its developing mental powers by assassinating table condiments. Howard then gets into a fight when the truckers in the diner begin to insult him. The fight results in Howard's capture and near-decapitation at the hands of the diner chef. However, the truckers are scared off when the Dark Overlord destroys the cafe and kidnaps Beverly, escaping in an articulated truck. Meanwhile, Howard finds Phil and frees him from a police car. On the run, they discover a light aircraft, which they use to hunt down the Dark Overlord and Beverly. Having returned to the lab, the Dark Overlord ties Beverly down to a metal bed, hoping to transfer another Dark Overlord into her body with the dimension machine. Howard and Phil return to the lab and supposedly destroy the Dark Overlord with an experimental "neutron disintegrator" laser. However, the Dark Overlord reveals itself as a monstrous stop-motion creature, Howard fires the neutron disintegrator at the beast oblitirating it. All the while, the dimension machine is in the process of bringing more Dark Overlords to Earth, leaving Howard with no choice but to destroy the machine. This results in Howard's loss of a ride home, a decision he comes to accept as Earth is now safe. Howard becomes Beverly's manager and hires Phil as an employee on her tour.
tt0096734
Comedy,Mystery,Thriller
Ray Peterson (Tom Hanks) awakens one night to investigate a strange light coming from his new neighbor's basement, but is pushed back by a strong wind. He notices someone watching him from an upstairs window and retreats into his house. The next morning, Ray observes as "Queenie," a small poodle owned by the elderly and grouchy Walter Selznick (Gale Gordon), excretes on Lieutenant Mark Rumsfield's (Bruce Dern) lawn, while Ricky Butler (Corey Feldman), a teenage neighbor, prepares to paint his house. Rumsfield and his much younger wife Bonnie (Wendy Schaal) emerge from their home and run an American flag up their flagpole. Ricky yells for Lt. Rumsfield to be careful, but the older man steps in the pile of feces and screams vengeance on the dog. Over breakfast, Ray's wife, Carol (Carrie Fisher), bemoans the fact that Ray is staying home for his vacation instead of going to their lake house for a fishing trip. Another neighbor, the overweight and immature Art Weingartner (Rick Duncommun), stops by and begins gossiping about the cul-de-sac's new residents, the Klopecks, whose previous home supposedly burned down in a fire. Ray's young son, Dave (Cory Danziger), claims that he saw the family of three digging in the backyard late at night. After breakfast, Art and Ray dare each other to visit the Klopeck's house. Realizing all the neighbors are watching them, they climb the porch stairs and bang the doorknocker. A porch light falls, and a swarm of hornets chase them across the street. That night, Ray joins Art and Ricky on the porch of Ricky's house to drink a few beers while his parents are away. Art tells Ricky and Ray a story about a man named Skip who murdered his family in their town. He was caught because a heat wave caused the bodies to decompose, creating a hideous smell. Ray confirms the story and wonders what their new neighbors are doing in their cellar. Later, Art and Rumsfield join Ray in spying on the Klopek house use an infrared scope to spy on the Klopecks. A loud hum emanates from the cellar as a shock of lightning strikes the rooftop, causing the other lights in the neighborhood dim out. A smell that Rumsfield describes as "a burning cat," permeates the air. They hide as the Klopecks' garage door opens and the freakish teenage Hans Klopeck (Courtney Gaines) drives his car to the curb, removes a large plastic bag, and stuffs it into a trash can. It begins to rain, so the men decide to wait to dig through the garbage. As the storm intensifies, Ray watches from his bedroom as the three Klopecks-Hans, Werner, and Rubin-dig a hole in their backyard. When a trash truck appears the next morning containing two bickering garbage men (Dick Miller and Robert Picardo), Art and Rumsfield snatch Klopecks' waste from the compactor and strew it across the ground, but do not find anything unusual. Art theorizes that the Klopecks spotted them and buried the body to hide the evidence. After the two garbage men leave, Bonnie notices Walter's dog Queenie running loose and assumes that Walter must have left and forgot to feed his dog. Later that afternoon, Ray, Art, Mark and Bonnie Rumsfield and Ricky go to return the dog to Walter Selznick. When no one responds to their knock, Rumsfield breaks into the house and discovers the television has been left on all night and a chair overturned. They grow concerned when they discover Walter's toupee in the kitchen. Art breaks a knick-knack, causing Ray to order everyone out of the house. He unconsciously puts Walter's toupee in his pocket and leaves a note telling Walter he has Queenie. He slips it and the toupee into the mail slot, and notices someone in the Klopecks' house watching him; an old man (Brother Theodore). Ray calls out to him, but the old man closes the window. That evening, Art talks with Ray in the basement of Ray's house where he tells the skeptic Ray that the Klopeks might have murdered Walter and that they might be practicing satanists. Art presents Ray with a book all about the occult who then shows it to Carol who also voices her skepticism. That night, Ray has a nightmare about being accosted by the Klopeks and being made into a human sacrifice. The next day, Art and Mark Rumsfield run to the Klopek house and slip a note under the front door. Art then tells Ray about him and Rumsfield's act with the note reading, "I know what you've done." Ray frets and panics that the Klopecks will think he did it because one of the Klopecks saw him the previous day slip a note under Walter's front door. While Ray and Art are arguing, Ray's dog, Vince, arrives carrying a human femur bone. They realize Vince dug it up in the Klopecks' yard. Just then, Art's note is tossed into Ray's yard, causing him to panic. He runs into the screen door just as Carol storms out After, Ray tells what Art and Mark did, Carol then frets, claiming she has had enough of the men's childish behavior and demands they simply introduce themselves. Art, being the immature of the group, is not invited. Carol, Ray, Mark and Bonnie walk over the Klopeck house where Hans Klopeck answers the door, and reluctantly lets them inside to meet his Uncle Rubin. They sit in awkward silence while Hans makes coffee. While Carol, Bonnie and Mark look on, Ray is extremely nervous, thinking that the Klopecks might do something to him now that he is in their home. Ray complains about the neighborhood drainage problems and suggests they check the Klopecks' cellar for moisture. Before Ruben can answer, Dr. Werner Klopek (Henry Gibson) emerges from the basement wearing a rubber apron, wiping what looks like blood off his hands, but explains it is only red paint. Over tea, Werner plays the perfect host, explaining that he is a practicing pathologist currently on sabbatical from a local university, and that his older brother Ruben and their nephew Hans travel from state to state when Werner's job takes him to other colleges to teach. Werner claims that his teaching at the local university requires him to move frequently, and that he is already planning to look for a new house the next day. When Mark suddenly asks the Klopeks what secrets they have hiding in the basement, the panicked Ray spills hot coffee on his lap and rushes off to find a bathroom. Instead, he opens the basement door and releases a Great Dane. The dog smashes through a screen door, spots Art, who has sneaked into the backyard, and chases him over the fence, which sets off an alarm. This brings the visit to a quick end and Carol, Bonnie, Mark and Ray leave. Later, the neighbors regroup at Ray's house where Carol and Bonnie think that the Klopeks appear odd, Mark and Art think that they are psychos. When all of them ask Ray (who is now strangely calm since arriving back from the Klopek house) of his opinion, Ray says that the Klopecks seem "alright." However, once the women leave Ray calls Art and Mark into the study to privately talk with them. There, Ray pulls Walter's toupee from his shorts. He states he left it at Walter's house yesterday, but found it at the Klopecks' in a pile of magazines addressed to Walter. Ray now vows to search the Klopek house to find Walter's dead body. The next morning, Carol takes Dave to visit her sister, while Ray stays behind, claiming that he and Art are going to play golf all day. Carol is clearly suspicious to Ray's sudden change in behavior, but she leaves anyway. The minute that Carol leaves, Ray, Art and Mark spring into action. When the Klopecks leave their house, Art dresses up as a maintenance man and scales a utility pole to cut the power lines, disabling any alarms. He clips a wire, and the electrical charge hurls him into an old tool shed, causing a blackout throughout the neighborhood. Hearing the disturbance, Ricky Butler sees Mark Rumsfield, now dressed in military fatigues, climbing onto Ray's roof to maintain a lookout. Ricky calls his friends to come over and watch the fun. After hours of digging up the backyard, Art suggests they search the house. Ray breaks a window and they descend to the basement, where they find a commercial blast furnace. When Ray turns it on, the noise startles Rumsfield, who falls off the roof and discharges his rifle, shooting out a car window. Convinced that bodies are buried under the cellar's dirt floor, Ray begins to dig. That night, the Klopecks return to see the glow of the furnace coming from their cellar. They turn off their headlights and drive away. When Ray hits something metallic, Art radios Rumsfield claiming that they have found Walter and runs out of the house. Just then, Walter arrives home and the Klopecks return with the police. Rumsfield attempts to alert Ray, but Ray is still frantically digging and doesn't hear his warning. Out on the street, Ricky and Art see the Klopecks returning with the police. Art tells Ricky to stall them while he gets Ray out of the Klopek house. Ricky is forced to literally jump on the hood of the policeman's car. Art races to the cellar to warn Ray to leave just as Ray declares he has hit a gas line and the whole basement is flooding with methane gas. Art barely escapes the house before the furnace flames ignite the gas. He despairs that Ray is dead, but his friend limps out of the burning ruin with half his hair singed off. Later, Carol returns to find Ray bandaged and under arrest. Nearby, Art talks with a police detective (Franklyn Ajay) who tells him that Walter suffered a heart attack the night he vanished in which he managed to call his daughter and son-in-law who took him to the hospital for treatment. The reason why Walter's toupee was found in the Klopeck's house is that Werner Klopeck is a famous pathologist who was collecting mail for Walter while the old man was in the hospital. Ray realizes Werner must have picked up the toupee while collecting the mail, and concludes their paranoid suspicions were unwarranted. When Art mentions that someday police will find a body buried in the backyard, Ray loses his temper and tries to strangle him. He hurls a gurney into an ambulance, jumps inside, and demands to be taken to the hospital. While in the ambulance, Werner climbs in with him, and Ray apologizes. To his surprise, however, Werner accuses Ray of finding skulls hidden in the furnace, and explains that he murdered the previous tenants before moving in. Ray looks up to see that Hans behind the wheel. Before he can scream, Werner pulls out a syringe and Hans drives away. Ray pushes Werner into Hans, who loses control of the vehicle and smashes into Art's house through the front door. The back doors spring open and the crowd sees Ray and Werner fighting as the gurney rolls down the road and into the Klopecks' car, causing the trunk to pop open. Declaring a "citizen's arrest," Ray knocks the syringe from Werner's hand. Ricky Butler discovers several skulls and bones in the car trunk, and police arrest Klopecks. Ray puts his arm around Carol and tells her he wants to go to the lake to spend his last few vacation days with her. As Art musses about the media attention the neighborhood will receive, Mark and Bonnie Rumsfield yell to him that his house is on fire from the ambulance stuck in the front door, and that Art's wife has just returned from her vacation to visit her parents. Art is horrified and distraught.... because his wife is home. As the fire trucks return to put out the fire at Art's house, Ray returns to his house with Carol. Ray passes by Ricky and instructs him to keep an eye on the neighborhood. In the final shot, Ricky breaks the fourth wall by saying to the viewers, "God, I love this street!".
tt0096320
Comedy,Crime
Julius and Vincent Benedict are fraternal twins; the results of a secret experiment carried out at a genetics laboratory to produce the perfect child, using sperm donated by six different fathers. The mother, Mary Ann Benedict was told that the children died at birth, while the children were informed once old enough that their mother died in childbirth. Accepting this, Mary Ann had gone on to become a successful artist. While successful, the program was considered a failure and shut down because of the conception of the twins, one inheriting the "desirable traits", and the other being the "genetic trash". Vincent (DeVito) was placed in an orphanage run by nuns in Los Angeles, California whilst Julius (Schwartzenegger) was taken to an unnamed South Pacific island and raised by Professor Werner (one of the scientists involved in the experiment) like a modern Doc Savage to become highly intelligent, physically very strong and spiritually pure. He learned to speak twelve languages, and excelled in mathematics, history, science and literature. He was not told about his younger brother until his 35th birthday.[1] In Los Angeles, with no-one but himself to rely on, Vincent escaped from the orphanage as soon as he was old enough and developed into a shady lowlife, involved in shady business deals and car theft and in debt to the notorious loan sharks, the Klane brothers. He is also a womanizer and a smart aleck with a lust for money. Eventually, his debts catch up with him and he is arrested for unpaid parking fines. Julius is told about his unknown brother by Werner, and comes to Los Angeles to look for him. Highly intelligent, but extremely naïve about the real world his more worldly brother inhabits, he bails Vincent out of jail, but is immediately afterwards snubbed by Vincent, who leaves him in the prison car park. Julius, however, tracks Vincent to his workplace, where he is being beaten by one of the Klane brothers, Morris, for the unpaid debt. Julius easily bests Morris and earns Vincent's respect and trust. He eventually meets Vincent's on-off-on girlfriend, Linda Mason. Knowing little about women, Julius doesn't understand the flirtatious advances of her blonde sister Marnie (who dislikes Vincent), but eventually falls in love with her. Vincent soon reveals to Julius a document he stole from the orphanage when he ran away that proves that her mother is in fact still alive, yet Vincent, under the belief that his mother abandoned him at birth, shows no interest in tracking her down. Julius, however, finds their mother's address on the document and pays the place a visit. While their mother is not there, Julius meets one of his six fathers, who fills him in on the experiment and informs him of the other scientist, Mitchell Traven, who might know where their mother is. Using a stolen Cadillac that carries a secret prototype fuel injector, which Vincent is delivering to a rival industrialist in Houston, Texas in exchange for five million dollars which he intends to use to pay the money he owes to the Klane brothers, the two couples go on a cross-country journey to track Traven down. They eventually find Traven in Los Alamos, New Mexico, who tells them that their mother is living in an art colony near Santa Fe. On the way to the colony, they're found at a bar by the Klane brothers, with the intent of killing Vincent, but Julius and Vincent beat them back and fight them off for the last time. Reaching the colony, they're informed their mother died and leave. In reality, the woman who told them of the passing is in fact their mother, but she didn't believe the story, fearing they were land speculators and since she didn't even know she had twins. Little do they know that the real contract delivery man for the injector, Mr. Webster, is tracking them. This man has the uncomfortable habit of killing the people who cross him in his business (including his contractors) if they see his face, in order to preserve his identity. At one point earlier on in the film, Webster breaks into Vincent's house in intercept him, crossing paths with the Klane brothers. In a skirmish, he shoots two of them in the legs but does not kill them. While Julius seems to accept their mother's death, Vincent however is angry and disappointed, taking it out on Linda and Julius. Vincent storms off, leaving Julius and the girls stranded in New Mexico to deliver the engine to the industrialist, Beetroot McKinley. Linda informs Julius of the engine, and Julius embarks on another journey to track his brother down. Vincent eventually delivers the stolen property to McKinlely, but as Vincent is about to return home with the money, McKinley is shot and killed by Webster, who then turns his attention to Vincent just as Julius arrives. A cat-and-mouse chase ensues and Julius intercepts Webster as Vincent flees, but Vincent, hearing his brother's voice, reluctantly goes back and gives up the money to Webster. But as Webster prepares to kill them both for seeing his face, Julius stalls Webster long enough for Vincent to release a heavy chain onto Webster's head, killing him and burying him in a mountain of chains. Julius and Vincent make amends, and Vincent reluctantly agrees to return the money and the stolen engine to the authorities, but Vincent secretly skims off one million. Meanwhile, the twins' publicity reaches the art colony, and their mother realises that the two "comedians" who visited her were in fact her long lost sons. Julius and Vincent return the money (Vincent keeps 1 million for himself), marry the Masons, and use the $50,000 reward money to start up a legitimate consulting business, utilizing Julius's knowledge and Vincent's questionable business savvy. Their mother eventually tracks them down to their office and they share a tearful reunion. In the end, both brothers end up having pairs of twins with their respective wives, their mother and Professor Werner as a big happy family.
tt0091326
Action,Family,Romance
The opening of the story recaps events from the end of the previous film: Daniel LaRusso squares off against Johnny in the final match of the All-Valley Karate Tournament and wins the match and the tournament when he plants his mentor's, Mr. Miyagi's, signature move, a "crane kick" to Johnny's chin. Following the match, Daniel is showering and suggests to Miyagi that they perhaps go on tour to different karate championships. Miyagi kindly says that Daniel should consider "early retirement". Daniel humbly agrees. As they walk out to the parking lot, Daniel is congratulated by the tourney's announcer and referee on his win. Kreese, Johnny's sensei and owner of the Kobra Kai dojo, stalks past, pushing people angrily out of his way. He finds his students in the lot and berates Johnny for not winning the tourney. The scene turns ugly when Johnny talks back, telling his teacher that he's sick in the head. Kreese suddenly grabs Johnny in a headlock and backhands Jimmy, another of his students. Miyagi tells Daniel to wait by their truck and confronts Kreese, ordering him to let Johnny go. When he doesn't Miyagi frees Johnny himself. Kreese furiously tries to punch Miyagi, who easily dodges the blow. Kreese's fist breaks a car window. When he tries to hit Miyagi again, he breaks another car window when Miyagi sidesteps again. Miyagi forces Kreese to his knees and prepares to deliver a seemingly deadly strike to Kreese, growling Kreese' own words about showing an enemy no mercy. He gives a huge yell but stops short of landing the blow and instead honks Kreese's nose and drops him to the ground. Miyagi explains to Daniel that Kreese will have to live with the shame of being publicly humiliated, which is far worse than death. Six months later an angry Daniel arrives at Miyagi's house. The car that Miyagi gave him, a 1948 Ford Super De Luxe, is having mechanical trouble and Daniel, dressed in a tuxedo, is talking angrily about how badly his prom went: his girlfriend, Ali, had borrowed his car and had caused the mechanical trouble. Daniel also grouses about how Ali has found a new boyfriend. To make matters worse, Daniel tells Miyagi that his mother has accepted a temporary transfer to Fresno for the summer and Daniel will have to go with her. Miyagi quickly fixes Daniel's car and takes him to the back of his house where he seems to be constructing a new room. He persuades Daniel to calm down and focus with his breathing technique and shows Daniel how to drive nails with a single shot. Daniel soon feels better and asks Miyagi what the addition to the house is for. Miyagi tells Daniel that the room is for a "refugee" from Fresno -- he'd talked to Daniel's mother, who'd agreed to let Daniel stay in Los Angeles with Miyagi for the summer. A few minutes later, the mail carrier shows up and gives Miyagi an overseas letter. The letter is from Miyagi's former girlfriend in Okinawa -- Miyagi's father is dying. Miyagi has to travel to Okinawa to see his father before he dies. Miyagi also tells Daniel more of the story about his leaving Okinawa: he'd fallen in love with a young woman named Yukie who was betrothed to his best friend, Sato. Miyagi talks about how he was young and foolish and had told the entire village that he was going to marry Yukie despite her parents wishes. Sato, whose karate teacher was also Miyagi's father, challenged his friend to a duel to the death. Miyagi chose to leave rather than fight his best friend. When he's about to board his plane, Daniel suddenly shows up, having persuaded his mother to accompany Miyagi on the trip. Miyagi is reluctant and Daniel tells him he'd used his savings to buy the ticket. Miyagi agrees and they both fly to Okinawa. On the plane Daniel studies a book on Okinawan history and is strangely unable to locate Miyagi's village on the map. When they arrive they are met by a young man a few years older than Daniel, Chozen, who has a car waiting for them. Before Daniel gets in the car, Chozen shakes hands with Daniel, menacingly crushing Daniel's hand. Chozen and his driver take the two to a warehouse near the airport. They are met by Sato, who still holds a grudge against Miyagi and reminds him of his actions years ago. Miyagi refuses to fight Sato. Sato and Chozen leave Miyagi and Daniel to find their own way to town. In a taxi, they stop at the US Air Force base, which Miyagi remembers being the location of his village, called Tomi. An Air Force officer tells them that the village was moved years ago when the base expanded. Arriving at Tomi, Miyagi goes immediately to his father's house. He and Daniel are met by a young woman about Daniel's age, Kumiko, and Miyagi's former love, Yukie. Yukie is happy to see Miyagi and reveals that after Miyagi had left, she hadn't married Sato & hadn't ever married. Later, Miyagi's father requests that both his son and Sato see him. He joins their hands together, asking them to make peace between them right before he dies. Sato grants Miyagi three days to mourn and funeral his held. Miyagi takes Daniel on a tour of Tomi. They arrive at the fishing house where Miyagi used to work. Miyagi shares a story about how he was distracted when a large net of fish came in and he was almost impaled on the net hook. To demonstrate, he releases one of the hooks and swivels at the hips and knees, just barely avoiding being killed. Miyagi calls it the "drum technique", which is reminiscent of the ceremonial drum of the local villagers. Daniel asks to try himself and is forced to jump off the pedestal and falls into the water. Miyagi announces an end to the lesson, however Daniel tries again, releasing a hook on his own and successfully dodging it. Miyagi agrees with Daniel that it was a stupid thing to do. Meanwhile, Daniel has run afoul of Chozen, who is Sato's nephew and seems intent on harassing Miyagi in his uncle's name. Daniel catches Chozen cheating the villagers for food with fake scale weights. Chozen also seems jealous of Daniel's budding relationship with Kumiko, and harangues him often. When Kumiko sees Daniel practicing the "drum" technique he'd learned from Miyagi, she tells him it looks like an ancient Japanese dance called "o-bon". Chozen shows up, drunk, and teases Daniel. The confrontation turns violent and Chozen beats Daniel. While on a date with Kumiko, they go into a bar full of locals and American servicemen who, despite their obvious ignorance of martial arts, are trying to karate chop thick sheets of ice for money. None of them have made it through more than two sheets. Daniel explains to Kumiko what they're doing wrong and one of the Americans drops a challenge. Chozen suddenly appears offering 3-to-1 odds that Daniel can't break six sheets. Miyagi steps in, having been found nearby by Kumiko, and takes Chozen's wager. Sato is there too and covers Chozen's bet. At Miyagi's suggestion, Daniel meditates for a few moments and easily breaks all six sheets. Miyagi gives Daniel his share of the money. Later that night, Daniel goes with Kumiko to a 1950s sock hop. Chozen is there and begins to beat on Daniel and takes the money he'd lost back. Daniel hits Chozen in the crotch and gets his money back, retreating with Kumiko. Miyagi meets with Sato at Sato's house. There he finds Sato practicing on a large wood plank. Miyagi knows the plank is the same one they found on the beach as friends. Miyagi appeals to Sato, saying he still doesn't want to fight his old friend. Sato scoffs and walks away. Miyagi also reconciles with Yukie, saying he's sorry for leaving her. She tells him that she'd never married because of Miyagi's conflict with Sato. Daniel and Kumiko later see Miyagi and Yukie engaged in an ancient tea ceremony where they declare their love for each other. When Miyagi's three days of mourning have passed, Sato and Chozen show up at Miyagi's home. When they are unable to find Miyagi, Sato leaves, telling his nephew to "leave a message" for him. Daniel is awoken by their voices and goes downstairs to the courtyard and is immediately grabbed by Chozen's friends. Chozen threatens Daniel with a spear, using it to get him in a choke hold while his friends tear up the courtyard garden. Miyagi appears and orders Chozen to let Daniel go. Miyagi then engages all three boys in a short fight, defeating them all, including Chozen who tries to use the spear. Miyagi wrests it away and stops short of stabbing Chozen with it, eventually breaking it in half. He takes Daniel in the house while the boys leave, telling his student they'll leave tomorrow. The next day Sato has part of the local's gardens bulldozed. Miyagi confronts Sato again, telling him that he'll fight him on one condition: no matter who wins, the deed for the land the village sits on will be turned over to the residents forever. Sato scoffs but agrees when Miyagi tells him that it's a small price to pay. Miyagi later talks to Daniel, telling him he's willed the house in Los Angeles and all it's contents to Daniel should he die in the fight. Miyagi goes off to prepare. Daniel passes by a small chapel where he sees Sato meditating. As he walks past, he sees Kumiko sitting alone in another house. When he joins her, he sees that she's prepared a tea ceremony for them both. When the ritual is complete, the two of them kiss. Suddenly a tropical storm kicks up and they're forced to find shelter in an old concrete bunker left over from World War II. Miyagi is there already and he and Daniel see the chapel that Sato was meditating in suddenly collapse. They both run over to find Sato pinned under a thick beam. While Sato yells about Miyagi taking advantage of his helplessness, Miyagi strikes the beam, breaking it in half. They free Sato, who is thoroughly stunned at his quiet rival's sheer might, and take him to the shelter. Daniel breaks off from them to help the little girl who was on a small tower ringing the town's emergency bell. Daniel brings her down from her perch and struggles to reach the shelter. Sato orders Chozen to help Daniel, but he refuses, ashamed. Disgusted at his nephew's cowardice and impressed with Daniel's heroism, Sato runs out and helps Daniel out. When he makes it back to the shelter, he tells Chozen that he's dead to him. Chozen runs off into the storm. The next day, as the villagers are cleaning up, Sato joins them and hands the deed to the land over to Miyagi. At this, Sato bows and begs for forgiveness, which Miyagi answers that there is nothing to forgive. Daniel approaches him and asks if they can hold an o-bon at the ruins of an old temple near the ocean. Sato agrees. The dance is held that night. One of the events has Kumiko performing a traditional solo dance. Shortly after she begins, Chozen suddenly slides down on a lantern rope and grabs her, holding her hostage and challenging Daniel to fight him. Daniel accepts and crosses the small bridge, throwing it into the moat. The two fight, seemingly to a draw. Suddenly Miyagi and the other spectators begin using their small drums. Chozen is distracted and Daniel begins to hit him repeatedly, having learned the counter punch of the technique. Chozen is beaten and Daniel tweeks his nose in the same manner that Miyagi used on Kreese. The film ends with Miyagi smiling and Daniel holding Kumiko.
tt0094074
Action,Adventure,Family
The film begins at a Russian space station where a cosmonaut is working outside, singing Frank Sinatra songs in Russian. A piece of space debris flies into the space station, spinning it out of control and sending the cosmonaut into deep space. The Russians are saved however, when Superman (Christopher Reeve) flies to the rescue, first putting the space station back into it's orbit and then rescuing the cosmonaut. In Smallville, Superman aka. Clark Kent returns to the old Kent farm which is being put up for sale. In the barn, Clark listens to a message from his Kryptonian mother (Susannah York) which explains that the green crystal he holds is the very last source of Kryptonian energy and that he should use it wisely. At that point, a car arrives at the farm and Clark puts the crystal in his pocket. A realtor named Hornsby (Don Fellows) greets Clark with the news that a big company wishes to buy the land unseen, much to Clark's dismay. Refusing to sell to anyone uninterested in the farm itself, Clark then returns to Metropolis. On the subway, Lois Lane (Margot Kidder) is practicing her French for an upcoming trip. Clark, just behind, misses the train and waits on the platform. The train driver suffers an apparent heart attack and causes the vehicle to pick up speed, hurtling past the next station. Clark hears the panic from the train and steps into a nearby phone booth, where he changes into Superman. Superman then flies past the train and gets ahead of it, stepping on the tracks to stop the train's power. While the emergency team attend to the driver, Superman informs the public that the subway is still the safest and most reliable form of transport and then flies away. At the Daily Planet, Clark arrives to discover that a media mogul named David Warfield (Sam Wanamaker) and his daughter Lacy (Mariel Hemmingway) are to take over the newspaper, with plans to turn it into a sleazy tabloid. Clark's outspoken opinions on delivering the truth is noticed by Lacy who develops a liking for him. Meanwhile, Lois' trip is cancelled and editor Perry White (Jackie Cooper) heads off to the bank to try and get funds to buy back his newspaper. Meanwhile, Lex Luthor (Gene Hackman) is broken out of jail yet again, this time by his young nephew Lenny (Jon Cryer) who Lex refers to as 'the dutch elm disease' of his family tree. His first plan on breaking out of prison is to destroy Superman and his first port of call is the museum where a strand of Superman's hair supports a massive ball of steel. After the museum closes, Lex steals the strand of hair. Elsewhere, peace talks break down between the world's superpowers and the U.S. President (Robert Beatty) appears on TV to say that America 'strive to become second to none in the nuclear arms race'. A school boy named Jeremy (Damien McLawhorn) writes a letter to Superman, asking him do something about the crisis, and sends it to the Daily Planet. Superman is moved by the letter but cannot intervene in global politics and when he seeks guidance from the Kryptonian elders (at the Fortress of Solitude), they encourage him to move on to another planet where war is forgotten. But Superman decides that Earth is his home and addresses the UN, with the world's press in attendance. He proposes to do what no one else can, or will, which is to 'rid the world of all nuclear weapons'. Following a tremendous applause, the superpowers all begin to launch their missiles into space where Superman collects them in a gigantic net. The net is sent flying into the sun by Superman, destroying the missiles safely. At Lex Luthor's penthouse, a trio of arms dealers hear Luthor's plan to make a fortune re-arming the world and to get rid of Superman, which involves creating a clone with the same deadly powers. Using protoplasm grown from Superman's hair strand, Lex infiltrates a missile compound and attaches the protoplasm to the last remaining missile to be launched. Superman again catches the missile and throws it into the sun. Immediately, a lifeform emerges from the fiery star and grows rapidly into a full grown man. Crackling with power, the 'Nuclear Man' (Mark Pillow) flies to Metropolis. Lex is impressed, not by Nuclear Man's power, but his own intelligence. Nuclear Man, however, has one major flaw - his power is drawn from the sun, and when he is not in direct sunlight he becomes incapacitated. Meanwhile, at Lacy's apartment, Clark and Lois attend a double-date with Clark having to be both himself (who Lacy is attracted to) and Superman (who Lois still has feelings for). The dinner is interrupted when Lex transmits a supersonic message to Superman, leading him to his penthouse. Just after arriving, Superman is confronted by his new enemy, Nuclear Man. The pair become locked in battle, as Nuclear Man leads his enemy around the world, setting off a volcano in Italy and destroying the Great Wall of China. Finally, Nuclear Man takes the Statue of Liberty and drops it over Metropolis. Superman catches it just in time, but leaves him vulnerable to Nuclear Man who scratches him with his radioactive nails. Superman, severely injured, manages to replace the Statue of Liberty but is kicked into sky, with only his cape left flapping in the wind. Presumed dead by everyone except Lois, Superman/Clark appears to be suffering some sort of rapid ageing and takes the green crystal that he pocketed earlier. With Superman out of the action, Lex begins raking in the money from his arms deals while Nuclear Man becomes obsessed with Lacy Warfield after seeing her picture. On the streets of Metropolis, Nuclear Man wreaks havoc searching for Lacy. Through the smoke emerges a fully recovered Superman who lures him into an elevator and manages to cut off the sunlight, causing Nuclear Man to shut down. The Man of Steel flies the elevator into space and dumps it on the moon's surface. But a crack in the door allows Nuclear Man to catch the sun's rays, starting a fight on the lunar surface. During the battle, Superman is buried in the ground while Nuclear Man finds Lacy at the Daily Planet and flies her out towards deep space. Superman climbs out of the ground and manages to save Lacy by causing an eclipse, allowing him to then deal with Nuclear Man by dropping him into a nuclear reactor. Back at the Daily Planet, Perry White has managed to secure funds at the bank and buys back control of the newspaper. Superman takes Lenny to a boys' home and his uncle Lex Luthor back to prison, where the film ends.
tt0113326
Action,Comedy,Crime
Ma Hon Keung (Jackie Chan), a Hong Kong cop, comes to New York to attend the wedding of his Uncle Bill (Bill Tung) who introduces his new wife to him down at his local Chinese supermarket, which he owns and is in the process of selling to Elaine (Anita Mui). Uncle Bill's friend, Steven Lo, loans him a vintage automobile for the wedding. Later that night, a street gang starts a motorcycle race near Uncle Bill's apartment. They are about to run over his friend's car until Keung jumps down and stops them. He soon starts a rivalry with the street gang when he drives them away from the supermarket that they were robbing and vandalizing. This starts a series of brawls in which the bikies try to corner Keung and finish him off. When a member of the street gang named Angelo (Garvin Cross) gets involved in an illegal diamond deal gone bad and steals the diamonds, the small-time gangsters become the victims of a much larger and more effective criminal syndicate led by White Tiger (Kris Lord). While running away with the diamonds, Angelo leaves them in a cushion, which is unknowingly used by Keung for the wheelchair of a disabled Chinese American boy, who is raised by his elder sister Nancy, a lingerie model/dancer who works in a seedy bar and is an associate/girlfriend of the bikies. Keung befriends Nancy and advises her to stay away from crime. When the gangsters see this, they chase Keung and Nancy. After failing to confront Keung, the bikies turn up at Elaine's supermarket and start vandalizing it, during which two of Angelo's men are captured by White Tiger's men, who turn up at the supermarket in search of Angelo. Angelo's colleagues are unaware of his diamond heist and one is executed in a tree-shredder; his remains are given back to the other gangster to show to his friends as a warning to return the multi-million dollar goods. In the meantime, Keung and Nancy go to bikies' shed after the latest supermarket attack, and Keung defeats them in another brawl, at which point the shredded remains are brought back. Keung agrees to help the bikies' leader, Tony (Marc Akerstream). Keung convinces the street gangsters to reform, then brings the big-time criminals to justice after another long-winded street battle. The syndicate and Keung work out the diamonds are in the boy's wheelchair, and the handover is botched after Nancy and Tony are held hostage by the syndicate; the diamonds are lost after the syndicate uses towtrucks to pull the supermarket apart and the diamonds are spilled as Keung is in the building and knocked over. A long climatic battle occurs in the Hudson River after White Tiger's men hijack a hovercraft and are pursued by Keung and the New York Police Department. The hovercraft finally ends up running through the streets, causing much damage to property. Keung ends the chase by stealing a large sword from a museum and clamping it onto a sports car window and driving into the hovercraft, shredding the rubber undercarriage and immobilising the vehicle and capturing the syndicate men. After shooting one of them non-fatally to force them to reveal White Tiger's location, Keung drives the hovercraft, with the rubber implausibly re-patched with tape, across town to a golf course where White Tiger is playing with subordinates. He runs them over and squashes them non-fatally into the ground. The film ends with White Tiger being squashed, his clothes ripped off his back, leaving him buck naked.
tt0091159
Comedy,Drama
In a town in rural Pennsylvania, the car factory has been shut down, leaving the town economically distressed. A Japanese company, Assan Motors, has purchased the factory, but will need to be convinced that it is worth re-opening. Hunt Stevenson goes to Japan to make a presentation to Assan's management, and the result is that Assan sends a management team to America and the factory is re-opened, although the workers will earn a substantially lower wage than they had before the factory had originally closed. Still, Hunt is a hero for having convinced management to re-open. The culture clash is severe, as Japanese management demands far more regimentation and output than the workers are used to, and unpaid overtime is expected when output falls short of productivity standards. Management has little regard for the workers and the quality of their lives, focusing on productivity alone. The workers become agitated and their relationship with management becomes adversarial. Hunt, acting as employee liaison, tries to smooth things over, but is unable, and when a worker intentionally knocks over one of the Japanese managers during a company baseball game, the situation appears beyond repair. Japanese management sees little point in keeping the factory open until Hunt contends that he can match the production of a Japanese factory in its best month, meaning 15,000 completed cars. Amused by this contention, Japanese management agrees that if this output is reached, the factory would remain open and wages would return to the levels in effect prior to the original closing of the factory. Otherwise, it would close. Hunt advises the workers of this deal, but his announcement is met with incredulity, and, to appease them, he falsely relates that a lesser raise would still be earned if output exceeded 13,000 cars. The workers give it a shot, but, despite working long hours and on weekends, they conclude that the goal of 15,000 is unattainable, and decide to go for the raise that would come if 13,000 cars were completed. After attaining this goal, the workers walk out on management when a dispute arises. Now, Hunt must come clean, and tell his town that the made a deal for 15,000 cars, and that failure would result in no raises, which would devastate the town's local economy. Hunt has now gone from hero to goat, and his co-workers are furious. Still, in the end they put their noses to the grindstone and put their differences with the Japanese managers aside as the senior executive from Japan is coming to check on the state of the factory. When the executive comes by, they have fallen slightly short of their 15,000 target, but the Japanese executive is impressed by the team spirit he sees in the factory. Liking the way that the Americans and Japanese are now working together, he decides to keep the factory open, and give the full raises, and the stage is set for an era of understanding among all those working at the factory.
tt0100477
Animation,Adventure,Crime
Early one morning in the Australian Outback, a little boy named Cody is alerted by some animals he knows about a great golden eagle that has been trapped. The boy scales up a high cliff and frees the large eagle named Marahute (pronounces Mare-a-hoo-tay). The eagle thanks Cody by taking it to its nest, where Cody sees several eggs. When Cody asks where the father is, the eagle looks at him sadly. Cody then takes one of Marahute's golden feathers, and the eagle returns him to a forested area. While in the forest, Cody attempts to free a little mouse, when he is snared in a poacher's trap. The trap calls the attention of Percival C McLeach and his lizard, Joanna. McLeach soon notices the golden feather, and after admitting to Cody that he captured and killed the father, demands to know where the mother and her eggs are. Cody attempts to run off, but finds himself cornered over a pit with crocodiles. McLeach then throws Cody's knapsack in the water, and takes the boy away. The little mouse sees this, and rushes to a nearby area to alert another mouse for help.
tt0139239
Comedy,Crime
The film is told out of chronological format, the story being told from four different points of view. As such, the following summary only generalizes the actual sequence of events which take place. Ronna's story It is Christmas Eve in Los Angeles. Adam (Scott Wolf) and Zack (Jay Mohr), a couple of TV soap opera actors, have been busted for narcotics possession. In a plea deal, they will help Officer Burke (William Fichtner) set up a sting operation for Simon (Desmond Askew), an occasional drug dealer who sells ecstasy from his cash register at a local grocery store. Unbeknownst to them, Simon has taken a vacation to Las Vegas. Filling in at his register is Ronna (Sarah Polley), an 18-year-old runaway and high school dropout who is facing eviction and desperate for the extra paid hours of income. When the actors ask about Simon and where they might buy some ecstasy, Ronna recognizes a lucrative financial opportunity. She offers to "see what she can do" for them, taking down their address. They give her a flier with the details of a rave later that evening. After work, Ronna and co-worker friends Claire (Katie Holmes) and Mannie (Nathan Bexton) debate the underground drug trade "rules," such as circumventing Simon to become competing dealers themselves. Ronna decides this will be a one-time-only deal and proceeds to Simon's drug supplier, Todd (Timothy Olyphant). Todd is suspicious of Ronna's sudden interest in dealing drugs, and that the quantity she has requested is the exact amount that constitutes a drug trafficking felony. Reluctantly, he offers to sell her the drugs at a higher price. Unprepared for the price hike, she offers to leave collateral in exchange for bringing the balance back after the sale is complete, and bullies Claire into being the collateral. Ronna and Mannie then proceed to Adam and Zack's pre-rave party at their apartment. Ronna goes inside to complete the deal, while Mannie stays in the car and downs two of the pills he swiped from the bottle. Inside at the "party", there's only Adam and Zack behaving uncomfortably, along with an older man (Officer Burke, the undercover officer) who seems overly focused on finishing the drug deal. Ronna quickly realizes something is amiss here, so she asks to use the restroom before completing the deal. When Zack turns to show Ronna the way to the bathroom, he whispers "Go!" to her. She goes into the bathroom, flushes the drugs down the toilet, and emerges empty-handed. She tells Burke she wasn't able to obtain the drugs after all, and to defend herself from further scrutiny, notes to Burke that she is underage to be drinking the beer he gave her. Realizing he is now on surveillance giving alcohol to a minor, and without evidence to hold her, Burke lets Ronna go. Ronna, in a state of panic, ponders her situation with Mannie, who is slowly succumbing to the effects of the pills he took. She doesn't have the money to buy Claire's release from Todd, and now she has no drugs to sell. In desperation, she shoplifts a large supply of over-the-counter medication from her own grocery store. Finding pills roughly the same appearance as the ecstasy pills, she refills Todd's bottle and returns to his apartment. She explains to Todd that the deal fell through, gives the "stash" back to him, and frees Claire from collateral duty. Ronna realizes that she's still facing eviction and decides to attend the rave to sell the remaining medication as ecstasy. Her scam works, and she quickly makes more then enough money to cover her rent. Meanwhile, Todd has discovered the fake pills and shows up at the rave to settle the score. He sees Ronna and Mannie from afar and chases them through the dancing crowd. Mannie is too high to run and is slowing them both down. Ronna hides Mannie behind a piece of sheet metal in a back alleyway, tells him to keep quiet until she comes back, and runs off alone. Todd catches up to Ronna in the parking lot. He has a few last words with her about the nature of the illegal drug trade, and takes out a gun intent on killing her. At that very moment, a yellow Mazda Miata swerves around a corner of the parking lot at high speed and squarely hits Ronna, catapulting her onto its roof. It then shoots forwards and stops suddenly, sending her flying into a ditch. The driver, in panic from seeing Todd with a gun, flees the scene. Todd leaves Ronna for dead and flees as well as it begins to rain. Ronna lies motionless in the ditch. Simon's story Earlier.... After recruiting Ronna to cover his shift at the grocery store, Simon goes off with three of his friends Marcus (Taye Diggs), Tiny (Breckin Meyer), and Singh (James Duval) for some adventures in Las Vegas, footing their hotel bill with the credit card he had borrowed from Todd. Shortly after arriving, Tiny and Singh develop bad cases of diarrhoea from eating some bad seafood at the hotel's buffet restaurant and are stuck in their hotel room while Simon and Marcus hit the casino. Simon quickly loses much of his money and then wanders into a wedding party on the premises. There, he meets two female guests, with whom he eventually smokes pot and has sex (both of them). One of the women accidentally starts a fire in her hotel room, causing Simon to flee naked (clothes in tow) in an elevator. Putting his clothes back on, he meets up with Marcus back in the casino. Marcus's yellow sports coat gets him mistaken for a hotel employee, even earning him a tip when a customer mistakes him for a bathroom attendant. This eventually works to his advantage, though, when another hotel guest assumes Marcus is a parking valet and hands him the keys to his Ferrari. Simon and Marcus jump at this golden opportunity to take the red Ferrari for a spin, winding up at the Crazy Horse strip club. En route, Simon discovers a 9 mm pistol in the glove compartment, which he pockets for himself. At the strip club, Marcus warns Simon not to order "champagne" - strip club code for a private lap dance they cannot afford - however, Simon does precisely that, and he heads to a back room with two dancers and Marcus in tow. Before the lap dance commences, they receive a stern warning from menacing Victor Junior (Jimmy Shubert), one of the bouncers and the son of the club owner, to behave like gentlemen and not touch the dancers "or else." Simon hands the bouncer Todd's credit card and he and Marcus enter the back room; the lap dances have barely begun when Simon loses his self-control and gropes his dancer. Victor Jr. immediately bursts into the room and begins beating him. Marcus tries to defend Simon and is himself attacked by the bouncer. Simon then draws the gun he found and shoots Victor Jr., wounding him in the arm. Simon and Marcus hastily flee the premises and head back to the hotel. Simon and Marcus rush into their room and roust up the sickly Tiny and Singh, telling them they have 30 seconds to get up and out. Before they can flee, the Victors Jr. and Sr. (J.E. Freeman) arrive at their door, so Simon and crew bribe a young boy staying in the next room to open the connecting door for their escape. After a frantic car chase down the Las Vegas Strip, Simon and his three friends manage to elude their pursuers and reach the highway back to Los Angeles and drive away in the light of dawn in Simon's damaged car. They believe they are safe, reasoning that their pursuers would have called the police in Vegas...or so they think. What Simon forgets is that it was Todd's credit card he left back at the strip club. Adam and Zack's story Earlier... Adam and Zack are actually closeted gay lovers forced to be decoys in a police sting operation, in exchange for having their own drug charges dropped. In the grocery store parking lot, they test out their hidden microphones; inside, they look for Simon, their usual dealer, but find only Ronna. Later, after the sting with Ronna goes bad, Burke handcuffs Zack, then makes a bizarre suggestion: Why don't they spend Christmas Eve at his house and have dinner? Nervous, they reluctantly accept his invitation. It is an odd atmosphere in the house, and Zack and Adam have odd encounters with Burke and his wife Irene (Jane Krakowski). Zack comes out of the bathroom and runs into Burke completely nude; Burke urges him to lie down on his bed and try out some cologne. Adam, meanwhile, meets Irene, who comes on to him and even kisses him full on the lips. Later, when the four sit down to Christmas dinner, Burke explains that he and his wife are the fourth leading sales team in the region for Confederated Products, an Amway-type retail company, and that virtually everything in the house from the food to the cologne is from the company. Burke wants Adam and Zack to sell Confederated products for him. Zack then gets Adam to feign illness to excuse themselves, and they leave the house, both of them uneasy from the evening's events. Adam and Zack engage in small talk and discover that both of them are cheating on each other with the same man, Jimmy, a makeup artist in their television studio. They go to Jimmy's apartment and find out from his sister that he is attending the same rave that they had earlier advertised to Ronna. Adam and Zack show up and get revenge on their mutual two-timing lover by holding Jimmy down and cutting a sizable chunk of his long hair. Satisfied, they leave the party, get into Adam's yellow Miata and barrel into Ronna, sending her flying into the ditch. Then they see a man with a drawn pistol (Todd) and, terrified, flee the scene. They stop at a gas station and try to figure out what to do, debating whether Ronna survived the accident and, if so, whether or not the man with the gun finished her off. Adam goes to the toilet where he realizes that he is still wearing the hidden microphone from earlier that afternoon. Panicked, they throw the devices away and drive back to the spot where they hit Ronna. They find her still lying in the ditch, unconscious but alive, and hoist her on top of a nearby car with the alarm blaring. They watch in satisfaction from afar as other partygoers discover Ronna early the next morning and call an ambulance for her. Conclusion It is dawn now, and Claire, who does not know what happened to Ronna, leaves the rave and goes to the diner where she usually meets Ronna when they get separated. She encounters Todd; they engage in small talk, then realize they are attracted to each other. They end up kissing and groping in the stairwell of Todd's house, where they are discovered by none other than Victor Jr. and Victor Sr., the Crazy Horse bouncer and owner whom are after Simon and have tracked him through Todd's credit card. Todd explains they have the wrong man; he begins to draw out directions to Simon's place, when Simon himself walks into Todd's apartment ironically, to seek refuge from the bouncers. At first they want to kill him, but Claire points out that she and Todd would be witnesses to the crime. So an "eye for an eye" deal is struck where Victor Jr. gets to shoot Simon in the arm. Just as he is about to get justice, performance anxiety suddenly springs upon Junior and he cannot bring himself to pull the trigger. Claire gets impatient and leaves during his hesitations; as she gets halfway down the hall she hears a gunshot. She flinches and shuts her eyes. Simon calls out: "It's all right... I'm okay!" Meanwhile, Ronna wakes up in the hospital recovered enough to return to work, happy that, despite the night's batterings, she did indeed make enough money to save herself from eviction. She talks with Claire and suddenly realizes to her horror that she never went back for Mannie, who is presumably still hidden where she left him. Ronna and Claire return to the scene and find Mannie still there, shivering and terrified, but otherwise okay. They all get into Ronna's car and drive away, and Mannie wonders aloud what they'll do for New Year's Day just a week away.
tt0094963
Action,Crime,Mystery
For San Francisco veteran police detective 'Dirty' Harry Callahan (Clint Eastwood), fame catches up with him when he testifies against crime kingpin Lou Janero (Anthony Charnota) which puts Janero into prison. One night, Callahan is attacked by Janero's men at a turnoff near the San Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge while driving his car. However, he knocks down one of the assassins with his car and shoots the remaining men dead before they finish their jobs. Afterward, Dirty Harry Callahan and his new Asian-American, martial arts-skilled partner Al Quan (Evan C. Kim) are assigned to investigate the death of rock singer Johnny Squares (Jim Carrey). The head of public relations in the department believes that Callahan's image will be improved if he's partnered with an Asian-American. After slasher film director Peter Swan's (Liam Neeson) producer is killed in a Chinatown restaurant robbery which Callahan foils, Callahan discovers that he, together with Johnny Squares are part of a game in which participants try to predict the most celebrity deaths, presumably from natural causes or from those that work in dangerous professions, and in a turn of events, two more celebrities on the list are killed. Consequently, Harry has to deal with the media, particularly reporter Samantha Walker (Patricia Clarkson), to balance their interference with the investigation against the public's right to know. She also proposes to do an in-depth profile on Callahan for her news report, while he wants to simply perform his job and stay out of the limelight. After one dinner meeting, they narrowly escape being killed by Janero's men in an elevator outside a restaurant, leading the reporter to reconsider the plight of police officers. The following morning, Callahan drives to the prison where Janero is serving his sentence to meet with a chain-smoking, hulking inmate named Butcher Hicks. Callahan promises Hicks a carton of Camel cigarettes if he helps Callahan out. When Callahan reaches Janero's cell, he makes it clear to Janero that if something happens to him, then Butcher will pay him a visit and probably kill him (this results in Janero telling his men to make sure nothing happens to Callahan while he is on duty, even sending some bodyguards out to keep an eye on Callahan.) Callahan helps resolve a situation where a man named Gus Wheeler (Louis Giambalvo), who is rumored to be responsible for the murders, tries to burn himself to get on the news so people will know the real him. In the end, it turns out that the real killer is a deranged former employee of Swan's, named Harlan Rook (David Hunt) who thinks all of his ideas and work have been stolen by Swan. It is also known that Swan had filed a restraining order against Rook a year before. Next morning, Callahan and Quan are pursued through San Francisco's hilly streets in an unmarked squad car by a remote controlled bomb assembled by Rook, disguised as a radio controlled Corvette. The bomb explodes, nearly killing Quan who survives due to his bulletproof vest. Meanwhile, Rook, disguised as Swan, calls Walker at the television station to Swan's film studio to give her an interview, which is actually a trap. Soon after, Rook's home is raided by the police and torn posters of Swan's films are found. Callahan then drives to Swan's film studio near the waterfront where Walker is held captive by Rook. Callahan reluctantly surrenders his .44 Magnum revolver to Rook when he nearly slits her throat. Walker and Callahan escape and Callahan lures him to a pier after a chase. Rook, who has run out of bullets, is shot by Callahan with a harpoon, killing him instantly. As the film ends, Walker and Callahan are leaving the pier, while the police arrive at the scene.
tt0095253
Comedy
Well to-do Chicago resident Chester "Chet" Ripley (John Candy), his wife Connie (Stephanie Faracy), and their two sons 16-year-old Buck (Chris Young) and 12-year-old Ben (Ian Giatti) are on vacation at a lake resort in Pechoggin, Wisconsin. Chet is a fun-loving father and husband looking for a get away for his family. All is going as planned when four unexpected visitors show up with a video camera in hand at the lake resort lodge. The four unexpected visitors are Connie's outgoing sister Kate (Annette Bening), Kate's know-it-all investment broker husband Roman Craig (Dan Aykroyd), and Kate and Roman's 10-year-old twin daughters Mara (Rebecca Gordon) and Cara (Hilary Gordon) who arrive to suprise Chet and Connie, having decided not to vacation in Europe. Roman is a typical Mercedes-driving, investment focused, '80s yuppie, and he and Kate live in the posh Chicago suburb of Oak Park. Roman seems to take pleasure in making sure others are well aware of his wealth and (supposed) expertise on many subjects, while Chet both finds his brother-in-law annoying and intreging at the same time. During the first night, Chet tells a ghost stories at the family BBQ which includes a man-eating grizzly bear that Chet once met face to face earlier in his life right at the very cabin they are in. During the first night, a family of racoons raid the garbage cans outside the house, leaving an angry Chet to clean up the mess the next morning. The following day, the two families decide to go out on the lake for water skiing. Roman describes the remote northern woods location as "God's Country" and prefers speedboats over pontoon boats. After Roman pulls Chet around the lake on an adventure water ski ride, tensions between families erupt. Roman proceeds to get on Chet's nerves so much so that Chet is ready to pack up and go home, even as his eldest son Buck tries to romance local girl Cammie (Lucy Deakins) whom he meets at a local pool hall that evening. In this subplot, Buck and Cammie's teen romance sparks at a local amusement park when they go out the following evening on their first date. The budding romance goes well until Buck's father Chet is challenged to eat the entire Paul Bunyan 96 oz. roast at a family dinner, which causes Buck to break the date. The next day, Buck tries to apologize to Cammie for being late, but Cammie refuses to speak with him. Another day later, Chet shares his love for family when Chet gives his son a ring from his father. It is the same ring that Chet's father gave him when Chet was a young boy in the northern woods. Adventures continue at the local amusement park at the golf driving range, go-carts aces, and horseback riding path. Chet negotiates a ride with his horse only to find the horse runs away. Chet is forced to walk back to the barn where his family is enjoying some libations. Sisters Connie and Kate bond at a local bar when the conversation drifts to Kate's challenges of being wealthy. Later, just at the peak of tension between families, ironically, it emerges when Roman confides in Chet that he has made a bad investment and is flat broke. He hasn't told Kate, and was planning to offer Chet a $25,000 'investment'. Roman describes how he hasn't traded on the floors in Chicago in two years. He now wears a blue coat to fetch coffee and has lost everything. This is the reason why he came to the Great Outdoors to hit up family man, Chet for the money. Meanwhile, during a thunderstorm, the twins go missing and fall into a poorly blocked-off former mica mine shaft. Chet and Roman search for and find them. Chet encourages Roman to be a father for the first time to his kids. Whilst Chet gets a rope, Roman summons up all his courage and rescues the twins. While sitting on dynamite, Roman rescues his girls out of the Pechoggin mine. Chet, not knowing they are out of the mine, discovers in the mineshaft, the 'Bald-Headed Bear', which supposedly attacked Chet many years ago. It chases him through the woods to the house, smashes through the front door and rampages through the house. Just as the bald-headed bear stands on two feet and climbs up stairs to attack Roman, the cabin owner arrives armed with a shotgun. Chet takes the gun and shoots the bear's rear end, causing its rear to become exposed. The bear with bald head and rear, runs out of the cabin and the families are safe. The following morning, the two families part ways on good terms. Both families share how they enjoyed their vacation together in the Wisconsin northern woods. Roman's last words to Chet are "Race you home," which means that Roman's family will be moving in with Chet and leaving their Oak Park home. Cammie shows up and makes up with Buck before he leaves, and part ways and end their summer romance. Family guy, Chet, and his family head back to the Chicago area in a race for the good parking spot in their garage. The closing credits feature Roman at the Pechoggin Lodge dancing up a storm with the other barnuts. After the credits, those three rambunctious raccoons that have wreaked havoc at the lodge throughout the movie have the last word. They make fun of their brown bear friend who is "bald on both ends now".
tt0093493
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
The film begins in Ancient Egypt, with the young princess Ema 'Emmy' Hesire (Kim Cattrall) hiding from her mother (Phyllis Newman) in a pyramid. Emmy is against her arranged marriage, and prays to the gods to be united with her true love in the future. Strangely enough, Emmy vanishes before her mother's eyes, and ends up travelling through history, meeting famous persons of different ages, including Christopher Columbus, on her search for true love. In present-day Philadelphia, Jonathan Switcher (Andrew McCarthy) is a young artist working in a mannequin factory. Jonathan takes his time perfecting the mannequin he is currently working on, which angers his boss who claims he needs to be working more on quantity than quality. Jonathan protests, but is fired. Unknown to Jonathan, Emmy has come to possess the mannequin he has just created. Jonathan attempts to find other jobs, but his artistic passion gets him fired from almost every single one. One evening after his motorcycle breaks down in the rain, Jonathan passes by some department store windows belonging to Prince & Company, and is surprised to see his mannequin in the store window. The next morning, Jonathan returns to the store, and ends up saving the life of its owner, Mrs. Claire Timkin (Estelle Getty), from certain doom. In return for this heroic deed, Claire offers to find Jonathan a position in the department store. Jonathan is soon paired up with the flamboyant Hollywood Montrose (Meshach Taylor), the store's chief window dresser. Jonathan eventually finds the mannequin he created, and is surprised when it comes to life when he is alone. Emmy then explains herself to Jonathan, who is unsure if he is dreaming or has gone insane. The next morning, Jonathan wakes up in a newly-created window display advertising tennis equipment and sports wear, unsure if he dreamed all this or not. The newly-created window display begins to attract attention, bringing shoppers back to Prince & Company. The landmark store has been losing shoppers to a newer and trendier department store named Illustra. Secretly, Prince & Company manager Mr. Richards (James Spader) is being paid to convince Claire to sell her store to Illustra. However, after the recent floor traffic seen due to Jonathan's window display, Claire feels that Jonathan could be the key to saving her store. Ignoring Mr. Richards, the board members promote Jonathan to visual merchandising. Over the next several weeks, Jonathan and Emmy continue their secret romance, and keep improving the creativity of the store's window displays. The window designs are bringing a tremendous number of customers and profits for the store. Jonathan soon receives a call from his former girlfriend, Roxie Shield (Carole Davis), who just happens to work for Illustra. Jonathan meets her for lunch at a French restaurant, where Roxie says that Illustra wants him to be their chief window dresser. Jonathan explains to Roxie that he can't do this, considering that he likes working at Prince & Company, as well as working with a very beautiful woman there. Jonathan's words enrage Roxie, causing her and another co-worker to sneak into Prince & Company after hours to take pictures of Jonathan and his supposed girlfriend. However, they are shocked when they see what appears to be Jonathan getting intimate with a mannequin (Emmy only comes to life or can be seen alive only when Jonathan is alone). Jonathan's window designs continue to be the talk of the town, and business continues to come back to Prince & Company, leaving the chief executive of Illustra seething. Claire has been very impressed with Jonathan's work, and soon after makes him a vice president in the department store, after she fires Mr. Richards. Meanwhile, Jonathan chooses to celebrate that evening by taking Emmy out for a ride on his motorcycle. However, before he can leave, he is accosted by Roxie again, who claims he needs to seek help, going around with a mannequin on his motorcycle, and begs him again to come to work at Illustra. Jonathan denies again, claiming that he has people at Prince & Company who care about him, and someone who makes him feel special. As he rides away, Roxie shouts after him that he will be sorry and is making a serious mistake. Mr. Richards and former security captain Felix Maxwell (G.W. Bailey) realize that Jonathan has a fixation on one of the mannequins and plans to steal Emmy. Later that evening, Jonathan and Emmy enjoy their time alone in the store, before Emmy leaves his side to take her place in a store window. However, Mr. Richards and Felix have come to steal Emmy, only they are not sure which mannequin is her. Desperate, they simply steal every female mannequin from the store. Jonathan wakes up the next morning in the store and is informed of this plan by Hollywood. Jonathan immediately suspects Illustra is behind this, and drives over there with Hollywood. Obviously, stealing Emmy was an attempt to blackmail Jonathan, but all he wants to know is where Emmy is. Roxie storms out, swearing he will never see her again, with Jonathan giving chase. The chase takes Jonathan to a backroom where a massive shredder is incinerating several female mannequins, and Emmy is slowly moving along the conveyor belt to her doom. Just as she is about to fall in, Jonathan grabs her, and through a miracle, Emmy comes to life, grabbing his arm, as he pulls her out. Emmy is now free from her ancient curse. In the aftermath, Claire comes to Illustra, and explains that she has videotape of Illustra's employees scheming to take over the company, as well as footage of them sneaking into the store after hours. Illustra's chief executive fires Roxie as he, Mr. Richards and Felix are arrested and hauled away for their greedy actions. The film then ends with Jonathan and Emmy being married in the store window of Prince & Company, with Claire as the bridesmaid and Hollywood as the best man, as well as numerous pedestrians outside the window watching them exchange vows.
tt0100502
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
The story opens with a Media Break news report which shows that living conditions in Detroit have not improved since the introduction of RoboCop, a cybernetic police officer constructed from the body of Officer Alex Murphy. RoboCop has brought success to police work in Detroit, however, the police force are on strike because their parent company, Omni Consumer Products (OCP) have cut their salaries and benefits. At the same time, a new highly addictive designer drug, Nuke, has exploded in use on the streets. The drug is supplied to Detroit by a mysterious cult leader, Cain, who uses brutal terror tactics to his advantage; one tactic includes the assassination of the Surgeon General during a conference where he warns of the dangers of Nuke. In the meantime, an ambitious psychologist, Juliette Faxx, has been working on a project that could potentially replace RoboCop with an improved model. Faxx' attempts so far have failed on all levels because the deceased men who are transformed into cyborgs all destroy themselves due to the psychological trauma involved. Faxx suggests that they look for candidates who might find the transformation desirable. Her search begins with hardened criminals with deep-seated psychological conditions. Additionally, the mayor of Detroit, Kuzak, finds himself in a precarious situation; the city financial deficit has grown to an obscene amount and OCP is now threatening to buy Detroit out like they would any other company. While dispatching a small group of criminals who rob a gun store, RoboCop discovers the criminals are Nuke addicts, and he interrogates the gang's only survivor for the location where the drug was bought. Murphy goes there and breaks into building, finding a Nuke production lab. Among the workers, who are mostly illegal immigrants, Murphy sees Cain himself. Though Murphy and his partner, Anne Lewis, are able to take out several of the lab's guards, Cain is able to escape. Cain's junior operative, a teenager named Hob, takes a pot shot at Murphy, knowing that the cyborg's programming will not allow him to shoot at a child. Setting up surveillance at a video arcade, Murphy and Lewis spot Hob meeting with a police officer, Duffy. After Hob opens fire on the police unit sent to the arcade, Murphy moves in and apprehends Duffy, who had been selling information on police car dispatches to Hob, who plans to ambush them. Murphy brutally beats and interrogates Duffy, demanding to know where Cain is. Duffy finally gives up the location. As retribution for selling him out, Cain has Duffy captured and then has the surgeon kill him by vivisection. RoboCop drives to Cain's hideout where he is quickly disarmed and captured by Cain and his minions, including Hob. He is bound to a table and dismantled by the gang; he is later dumped in pieces in front of his police precinct. OCP assumes charge of his repair, however they delay the process, citing the expense involved. Simultaneously, Faxx works with a focus group of community members who would like to see RoboCop's image made more positive. She reprograms Murphy with a long list of new directives that turn him into a sensitive police officer who is ineffectual at fighting the brutal criminals he was so effective against in the past. While out on patrol with Lewis, Murphy refuses to shoot a man who has opened fire on him and is leading a Little League baseball team in robbing an electronics store. Sensing that he is unable to do his job effectively, Murphy exposes himself to a monstrous current of electricity from a nearby substation and erases all the directives implanted by OCP and Faxx. Rallying his fellow officers from their strike, he leads them in a major assault against Cain at one of his Nuke processing labs. While the officers take out Cain's crew, Murphy pursues Cain directly and captures him when he forces Cain's truck to crash. Hob assumes control of Cain's operations and money. Cain is left in critical condition and is approached by Faxx, who promises him immortality. She shuts off his life support system and allows him to die, intending to implant his brain in RoboCop 2, the newest cyborg body OCP has constructed. Because of the pain of the transformation and his withdrawal sickness from Nuke, Faxx promises Cain an unlimited amount of his own product in exchange for assassinating Mayor Kuzak in his new robotic body. During a failed telethon to raise money for the city, the mayor receives a call from Hob, who has assumed control of Cain's Nuke empire and holds Cain's assets. Kuzak meets with Hob, who promises to bail out the city's deficit in exchange for permission to deal Nuke on the streets without interference from the law. Cain bursts in on the meeting and slaughters nearly everyone, including Hob. RoboCop arrives at the scene and finds Hob and comforts him in his final moments. The Mayor escapes assassination, however news of his attempted deal with Hob leaks to the press, further damaging his fragile public image. The head of OCP, known as the "Old Man", calls a public meeting to announce that his vision for a renewed Detroit, Delta City, will be revealed. The Old Man also admits that the influence of Nuke is still an issue, however RoboCop 2 (Cain), will be introduced to the streets to combat crime as a replacement for the original RoboCop. When The Old Man shows the audience a canister of Nuke and speaks of a new initiative to rid the streets of it, Cain suddenly becomes agitated and tries to grab it for himself. Murphy enters the meeting, prompting Cain to seize the remote that controls his deactivated defense systems from Faxx. He arms himself and opens fire on both Murphy and the crowd, killing several people. A ferocious battle erupts between Murphy and Cain that spills out onto the street. When Murphy and Lewis realize that the police force assembled outside are powerless to stop Cain, Murphy suggests that they give Cain the canister of Nuke, which they do. Temporarily distracted by the drug's effect, Murphy is able to leap onto Cain from behind and rip out his central nervous system and smash it, rendering Cain's mechanical body useless. Inside the OCP tower, The Old Man and his assistant, Johnson, decide that the blame for the incident will fall on Julia Faxx. The movie ends with Murphy and Lewis reflecting on their victory over Cain.
tt0116830
Action,Crime,Drama
In 1930, Jericho, a backwater Texan town 50 miles from the Mexican border, two crime syndicates, the Italian mob led by Fredo Strozzi (Ned Eisenberg), and the Irish mob led by "Mr. Doyle" (David Patrick Kelly), compete for control of the lucrative border smuggling pipeline. The authorities have been ineffective at keeping the peace, and have have stopped trying. The current Sheriff, Ed Galt (Bruce Dern), actually seems to be exploiting the conflict for personal gain. John Smith (Bruce Willis), a self-described loner without a conscience, enters Jericho and immediately gets into trouble through a careless glance at Doyle's girl Felina (Karina Lombard). Doyle's henchman, Finn (Patrick Kilpatrick), notices Smith ogling Felina and confronts him. After some mutual trash talk, Finn smashes the windshield of Smith's car and slashes his tires, then casually directs him to the Sheriff's office. Smith pays a visit to Sheriff Galt and his mute deputy, Bob, who refuse to get involved. Galt advises Smith to buy a gun. Smith enters the town saloon, finding it empty except for the owner - Joe Monday (William Sanderson), and orders a whiskey. He takes a set of guns from his pack, and walks back across the street to the Irish HQ to have a word with Finn. John asks tentatively if he will cover the damages. Finn draws first - but is sent flying across the street with a few bullets in his chest. Smith shoots up the place - the others don't move. Soon, Strozzi offers Smith a job on his team. Smith gets a room at the Italian controlled Hotel, and free meals. Smith meets Strozzi's attractive girlfriend, Lucy (Alexandra Powers), and learns more about Doyle's most fearsome enforcer, Hickey (Christopher Walken). At a communal meal for all Strozzi's men, Giorgio (Michael Imperioli) Strozzi's bad tempered cousin, arrives late - and immediately takes a dislike to Smith. Smith leaves, and returns to the saloon. He becomes dissastisfied with Strozzi's leadership style, and it is implied that Strozzi and Giorgio are incompetent. That night, while spending time with the prostitute Wanda (Leslie Mann), the Irish plan a hit on Smith - but he manages to kill both assassins. Smith was set-up by Wanda. She is hysterical. He knocks her out, and later learns that she was blackmailed. He leaves her to be arrested by Galt. Soon, Smith is summoned to a hideout in the middle of the desert by Strozzi, a roadside diner. They plan a hit on Doyle's next shipment from Mexico... At the border, Smith is given the job to approach the convoy of trucks. He offers the Mexican commandant in charge, Ramirez, an offer to turn on Doyle's men. The Mexicans take it up - and massacre the Irish men under their protection. Later, Smith pays to release Wanda from the cells, and gives her money to take the next bus out of town. He gives a tip to the Sheriff about the convoy heist, and hears another story about Hickey. Back in Lucy's room, Smith offers money for information on Strozzi, and seduces her. Soon enough, Doyle and another of his henchmen, Jack (R.D. Call), attempt to hire Smith to assassinate Strozzi, as his position inside Strozzi's gang makes him perfect. Smith expresses discomfort at the offer and Doyle misinterprets this as a rejection. So Smith decides to play both sides. He quits working for Strozzi. Strozzi pulls a gun on Smith, angrily reminding him "nobody quits me." Smith beats up Giorgio, and then engages Strozzi in an armed standoff. Convinced that Giorgio is a "halfwit" that's not worth dying for, Strozzi stands down. For his next move, Smith does his best to stay sober a few days as he waits for Hickey to show. He learns from the mechanic that Giorgio has been snooping around, trying to get the dirt on him. Smith delivers a tip to Giorgio - to watch out for Ramirez, in case he turns sides again. Giorgio takes the bait and leaves for Mexico. Smith then tells the Irish where Giorgio will be, and also that he will be with the Mexicans that betrayed him - and stole his money and trucks. He is paid for the info, but still won't commit. He finally meets Hickey, who is immediately suspicious of him. Hickey returns to Mexico. He enters a cantina, shoots Ramirez, then a border patrol cop, and captures Giorgio. Meanwhile, Smith meets with Felina in an abandoned church to hear her story. Back in Jericho, Captain Pickett from the Texas Rangers arrives in town to warn Smith and the Sheriff that he is investigating the murder of the border cop. He will return in ten days with more Rangers - and will tolerate one gang in the town, but not two. And he wants Smith to be gone. Hickey returns - and offers a deal to Strozzi -- $100 grand and the trucks for Giorgio. At the drop-off Strozzi pulls a fast one - he has kidnapped Felina. They swap Giorgio for Felina as Smith looks on. It's war! Lucy meets with Smith, she tells him that Strozzi and Giorgio found out that she slept with him, and subsequently beat her and mutiliated one of her ears. Smith falls for her story, and gives her $500 to get the next bus out of town. Smith accepts Doyle's offer - but wants $1000 up front. He tells Doyle that he "heard a rumor" that Strozzi has more trigger men arriving in town that night, playing on Doyle's fears that Felina could be targeted again. Doyle sends Smith to the hideut where Felina is being kept. The place is heavily guarded. He steps in through the front door. Immediately, Doyle's men know something is up. Smith opens fire. He kills every last one of them. Smith puts Felina in a car, and tells her to flee across the border. She gives John her cross. Smith knows he should leave, but instead he waits at the hideout to deliver the bad news to Doyle. Doyle arrives the next morning, and believes his story that Felina was taken. He is devastated. But Hickey is on to him. Smith returns to Jericho, and takes a bath. Hickey drops by - someone had seen Felina over the border, where she had sold the car. In the room, they find her cross. Smith is taken to a basement over at Doyle's hideout. Jack and Hickey mercilessly beat Smith as Doyle talks about how he "saved" Felina from a crappy life in Mexico. When it becomes clear that Smith will not give up any information, he is left for dead. The next day two goons return - but Smith is missing. Suddenly he jumps out from a metal cabinet, and using the smaller man as a shield pumps about a dozen bullets into the larger thug. He escapes. Doyle's men try to find him. First he hides out in the saloon, in the walls behind slabs of ice. He relays some intel to Galt. Galt tells Doyle that Smith is at Slim's Roadhouse in the desert, but knowing really that the Italians are hiding there. Doyle's men set the building ablaze, and proceed to shoot everyone who attempts to escape the flames. Strozzi and Giorgio admit defeat, promising to leave town if they are spared, but Doyle's men coldly gun them down. The Irish assume that Smith has died in the blaze. Smith returns to the abandoned church to heal. Joe brings him food and bandages everyday, but soon enough the Irish catch onto this. Joe is taken and beaten. Galt finds Smith and tells him about Joe. Hickey and Doyle are in Mexico, still looking for Felina. John takes Galt's gun, and heads off to Strozzi's old hotel - where Joe is kept. On his way there, he picks up his lucky hat - and stops by the window of the Undertaker's - one of his few friends in town! Smith storms in to the hotel. Bad guys are blown away like they're on bungee ropes with the force of each gunshot. John follows Jack to an upstairs room -- inside is Joe, tied up. Joe motions with his eyes - and Smith shoots through a cabinet dresser. Jack falls out, dead. Smith has been shot - but just the once. He pours some whiskey on his wound. He leaves a tommy gun against the door as a message for Hickey, and tells Galt that he'll be at Slim's Roadhouse waiting. Everyone is leaving town - Galt to Houston, and even the Undertaker is getting away while he can! Smith and Joe wait at the burnt-out building. Doyle, Hickey, and Bob arrive the following morning. Joe hides. Doyle wants a truce. He is lovesick - and just wants to find his girl. Joe jumps out and shoots him dead in retaliation for ruining his town. Bob raises his shotgun, so Smith fires a few rounds into his body. Hickey drops his tommy gun. He walks away - he doesn't want to die in Texas. He asks Smith if he would shoot an unarmed man in the back. Smith tells him he's done a lot worse. Hickey pulls out a pistol and turns - but Smith shoots him in the head. Smith takes the cross from Doyle's lifeless hand, gets in the car, and leaves to continue his journey.
tt0115783
Action,Comedy,Crime
Archie Moses (Adam Sandler) is a small time crook and thief who lives in Los Angeles, and he is working for a local drug lord Frank Colton (James Caan). He is unaware that his best friend Rock Keats (Damon Wayans) is actually an LAPD undercover cop, whose real name is Jack Carter, and who's seeking evidence against Colton, and he is trying to infiltrate Colton's gang. One night, Jack goes out with Moses and gets him drunk, and manages to get info from Moses, and he finds an address for one of Colton's fronts. During a raid on Colton's warehouse, Archie realizes that Jack is a cop, and he tries to escape the warehouse during the police raid, during which an out of control crane hits Moses in the back and he accidentally shoots Jack in the head, but he miraculously survives and makes a full recovery with the aid of his physical therapist Dr. Traci Flynn (Kristen Wilson). Moses then flees the state, and is subsequently found and arrested later on. Moses is brought into custody, and he agrees to testify against Colton, but the trial is at the other side of the country. After Jack's recovery, his superior officer Jensen (James Farentino) orders him to get Moses to transfer him personally to the courtroom. Having been bitter about the accident, Carter harbors resentment against Moses, and problems get escalated since a simple transfer has gone awry when Colton learns through bribed federal agents and Los Angeles Police Department officers of Moses's attempt to testify against Colton. Carter and Moses slowly mend their friendship and are successful in returning back to their local police department. However, Colton apparently holds Flynn hostage, and blackmails Carter into turning Moses over in order to save Flynn. Carter and Moses pretend to comply with Colton and shoot their way through Colton's guards. It is later revealed that Flynn was responsible for leaking Carter and Moses's whereabouts to Colton and was actually on Colton's payroll. Carter manages to distract Colton after Moses gets shot in the shoulder by Colton and after apprehending Flynn and Moses manages to kill Colton. Moses gives the incriminating documents on Colton to Carter, and he heads to Mexico, where he becomes a bullfighter, with Carter and Moses's mother later accompanying him.
tt0124718
Drama,Sport
Jake Shuttlesworth, is let out of prison on one condition: he must convince his son, Jesus, to play basketball for a big-time school...
tt0114614
Action,Comedy,Sci-Fi
Unlike the strip's non-linear, stream of consciousness, absurdist cut-and-paste sort of structure, the film has a standard timeline. The plot revolves around the fact that Tank Girl and her rebel group are attacked by Water & Power, a powerful force that controls the remaining water on a dystopian Earth, led by Kesslee (Malcolm McDowell). A young girl named Sam (TG's boyfriend's daughter, as it's revealed in The Making of... book) is abducted and the story revolves around TG's quest to save her and seek vengeance against those who killed her crew with the help of Jet Girl (Naomi Watts), Sub Girl (Ann Cusack), the rippers and Booga (Jeff Kober), who has a noticeably different personality than in the comics.
tt0099582
Drama,Horror,Sci-Fi
The movie opens with a shot of Nelson (Kiefer Sutherland), a medical student, saying, "Today is a good day to die." The movie then moves on to explain this statement as Nelson tries to convince Joe Hurley (William Baldwin), David Labraccio (Kevin Bacon), Randy Steckle (Oliver Platt), and Rachel Manus (Julia Roberts), four of his classmates, to help him conduct a dangerous experiment: Nelson wishes to experience clinical death for one minute before being brought back to life by emergency measures, saying he wants to see if there is anything beyond death. Nelson's classmates are extremely apprehensive about the idea, but after much arguing, the five students decide to go ahead with the experiment. Nelson is then "flatlined," and his experience in the "afterlife" is interspersed on-screen with his classmates' attempts to bring him back to life. Despite some difficulty, they are able to successfully resuscitate him. Describing later what he felt, Nelson says, "You can't break it down into specifics, but there is something there. It's comforting." The success of the experiment prompts the others to do the same, each for their own reasons. Joe goes next, looking for little more than fame, and agrees with Nelson that there is post-death activity. David then argues that, as the atheist in the group and the experiment's control, he should go next. After David also experiences things that he cannot ascribe to his previous scientific viewpoint, Rachel insists on being the next one to be put under. Almost immediately after each experiment, however, each participant starts to experience strange phenomena. Nelson sees his injured dog Champ and a little boy, who quickly progress from just appearing before him to stalking and assaulting him. Joe, an out of control playboy despite being engaged, starts seeing visions in TV sets of women whom he secretly videotaped while having sex with them. On a subway train, David suddenly sees a little girl who calls his name, insults him with schoolyard taunts, and then disappears. Nelson and Joe remain silent about what has happened to them, but during Rachel's experiment, David speaks up about his strange experiences. Eventually, he convinces the others to abort Rachel's experiment, but an electrical short almost prevents them from bringing her back. David then explains what is happening to him: he remembers the little girl that is appearing to him as a girl that he bullied in school named Winnie Hicks (Kimberly Scott). This prompts Joe to speak up about his experiences as well. David then prods Nelson to do the same. Nelson complies and identifies his assailant as Billy Mahoney (Joshua Rudoy), a kid he used to pick on, but his description of the injuries to his face get Randy's attention, as that cannot be mere hallucination. Randy argues that what the others have said is impossible, but Nelson replies that they have experienced death and are, therefore, in uncharted territory. Nelson asserts, "Somehow we brought our sins back physically,... and they're pissed." David and the others then chastise Nelson for not speaking up sooner, as that equated to an unethical withholding of findings. The team then moves on to dealing with what they have unleashed. After getting surrounded by ghosts of women using the same vacuous pickup lines on him that he used on them, Joe finds his fiancée Anne (Hope Davis) in his apartment. She reveals that she found his videotapes, and she is therefore leaving him; not for cheating on her, but for so cruelly violating the trust of so many women. Rachel is haunted by visions of her father, who committed suicide when she was five. Nelson attempts to confront Billy Mahoney head-on, only to be beaten down once again. David, trying a different approach, finds where the adult Winnie Hicks, now a mother and wife, is currently living, and, accompanied by Nelson, drives out to ask for her forgiveness, hoping it will resolve David's long-time guilt and make his hallucinations disappear. At first Winnie tries to be polite, but she reveals that she has tried to forget about what happened when they were children, and she does not appreciate David coming and reopening those wounds. David continues trying to apologize, but, realizing that he is now just making the situation worse, he leaves. As he is going, though, Winnie calls to him, and with a tear in her eye, says, "Thank you." While this is happening, Nelson, who was waiting in the car, is once more attacked by Billy Mahoney. When David arrives, all he sees is Nelson alone on the floor struggling, and he snaps a terrified Nelson out of it. When Nelson and David get back to town, Rachel, who saw another vision of her father in class, reveals to the others what is happening to her and sarcastically thanks Nelson for the "nightmare." An argument between the five then erupts. David finally calms everyone down and goes to take care of Rachel while instructing Joe and Randy to help Nelson find Billy Mahoney. David tries to console Rachel, and they eventually make love off-screen. Nelson takes Randy and Joe to a cemetery. It is explained, through a flashback, that Nelson accidentally killed Billy (and fatally injured his dog Champ at the same time) while bullying him in school. Nelson becomes angry, screaming at the tombstone, "I thought I paid my dues!" since Nelson's life was ruined after the incident, at which he was separated from his family. He then says that David is right, that he can still make amends. Nelson gets in the car and drives off alone. Joe and Randy, having been stranded by Nelson, call David. David rushes out to pick them up, and they figure out what Nelson's plan is. Meanwhile, Rachel, now alone, finally confronts her father and sees the truth of what happened when she was a child: though she blamed herself all these years for his death, he was actually addicted to heroin. Rachel and her father then have a tearful reconciliation which is interrupted when Nelson calls, apologizing for getting them all involved in the situation. He also admits to Rachel that he is going under one last time committing suicide by himself. Nelson rushes to the laboratory where the group has been conducting their experiments, injects himself with potassium, and dies. The others all show up moments later and try to resuscitate Nelson to no avail. Meanwhile, in the afterworld, Nelson appears, first young and then old, switching places with Billy Mahoney; being killed as Billy was knocked out of a tree. Finally, after twelve minutes, the team gives up and lets Nelson go. While talking over Nelson's dead body, Rachel says that Nelson told her on the phone that he thought he deserved to die. David angrily disagrees, saying Nelson was just a child who had made a mistake. David puts the defibrillator paddles to Nelson again, and in the afterworld, Nelson suddenly gets up and is faced by a now smiling Billy. He waves goodbye and walks off with Champ into the light as Nelson, hearing voices calling to him, runs the other way. Back on the table, the group has successfully brought Nelson back to life. Nelson then whispers in David's ear, "It wasn't such a good day to die," and thanks them. NOTE: The film's depiction of cardiopulmonary resuscitation is commonly regarded as inaccurate. While defibrillation is of no use if a patient has truly flatlined, it is possible for a patient to be in ventricular fibrillation or pulseless ventricular tachycardia, and still be revived with use of paddles.(as per Wikipedia)
tt0113481
Action,Drama,Sci-Fi
In the 21st century, information is the ultimate commodity. The most valuable of information is transported in intracranial implants in the heads of professional mnemonic couriers like Johnny (Keanu Reeves - Speed) who offer both security and confidentiality for the right price. But Johnny has paid a heavy price of his own - He's dumped his own memories to make room for the programmes he smuggles. To buy them back he agrees to deliver priceless data, the most important data of the 21st century, data that has already set an army of professional killers on his trail. but the massive upload is too much for his brain and johnny must find the secret codes to download the information - or die. Intro pre-title, 2nd decade of 21st century. Scrolling script sets up the story, Loteks vs. corporations, and elite agents who smuggle data by wet-wired brain implants. A new disease, NAS -- Nerve Attenuation Syndrome -- commonly called the "Black Shakes" has infected much of the world's population. NAS is fatal and no cure has been found. A man (Keanu Reeves) awakes at 10:30 am, Thursday 17 Jan 2021. An attractive woman dresses as he scans thru the TV channels. After she leaves he uses the TV to dial a man Ralfi (Udo Kier), they have a video conversation. Johnny needs $1.5M to remove the implant device and return to normal but has to do one more courier run. In Central Beijing Johnny gets out of a cab in the midst of a riot. He enters a posh hotel and goes up an elevator. Taking a small device from his pocket he inserts a wired tether into a socket in his head and watches as the progress bar formats his head with a memory doubler and a voice warning he can only handle 160 GB safely. Entering a room full of Asians he is greeted by pointed weapons. The young men in charge admit they are new at hiring a data courier. Johnny installs a motion detector on the door as the men discuss his memory limits. This trip will require 320 GB but Johnny acts nonplussed. Downstairs an ominous group of black coated Yakuza prepare to enter the elevator. Johnny sets up his upload equipment and instructs the clients to take three video screen shots as the counter approaches zero. Putting on a dark visor over his eyes and a mouth guard the painful data upload begins. The client presses the screen shot device 3 times as the data stream ends, and three photos come out of a small printer. Johnny excuses himself to the toilet as one of the men goes to fax the photos to the end user in Newark, NJ. The photos are the encryption key to enable the data download. In the washroom Johnny has a slight bloody nose and he tidies up. Meanwhile the Yakuza charge into the room and start shooting. The leader has a monofilament wire whip that slices thru anything. Johnny outfights one assailant in the washroom. In the main room fight the three photo strip is sliced in two and the fax transmission is interrupted. The Yakuza leader Takahashi (Takeshi Kitano) recovers half the photo strip, the other half is burned. Johnny manages to escape but the clients are all killed. At the airport a security scanner detects Johnny's implant but it is listed as an approved dyslexia device by the Federal government. The scanner also detects a potential medical problem, synaptic leakage, and issues a verbal warning. In an office in Newark, Takahashi greets a rich man Shinji (Dennis Akayama) and tells him the courier, Johnny escaped. Shinji accepts the partial photo key and dismisses the Yakuza. In a cab Johnny calls Ralfi, he is furious at the blown deal and demands to know what is going on. At a busy night club a man Spider (Henry Rollins) meets a woman Jane (Dina Meyer) and they discuss her medical condition. She then approaches Ralfi, sitting a table with his henchmen. Jane attempts to show her ability as a bodyguard. Ralfi makes her show steady her hands are as she suffers from the Black Shakes. The cab drops Johnny off in a dark alley. Observers, J-Bone (Ice-T) and aide, above detect the memory implant but leaves him alone. Johnny meets two armed men but when threatened with decapitation, escapes the building. In a confrontation outside J-Bone helps Johnny kill the two. Johnny then goes to confront Ralfi claiming he was set up, but is taken from behind with a knockout drug. Janes sees the henchmen carry the unconscious Johnny away. In a room Johnny is strapped to a bed as Ralfi gloats, Takahashi is there as they are prepared to remove the memory device. Jane is in the ceiling above and drops down and fights off Ralfi's gang. Johnny is cut loose and joins the fight and they escape. Takahashi slices Ralfi's upper torso in frustration. Outside J-Bone and several cronies protect Johnny and Jane as they stand-off the Yakuza. Johnny and Jane get away thru a deserted subway tunnel. Jane wants to get paid, Johnny has a severe head pain episode. Shinji dresses and watches a video of a young girl. The video is interrupted as an ethereal woman's face (Barbara Sukowa) comes on and tells him the courier's data can give him new purpose in life. Back in the tunnel Johnny asks for help to get the data out of his head. He admits he had to dump some of his own childhood memories to make space for the uploaded data. Johnny wants to get out of the courier business, and wants a computer. They break into an electronics store and Johnny gears up with a VR visor and gloves. In a 3D display environment he tracks down the fax number from the Beijing hotel room. The local Newark number is for a Dr. Allcome. An IT tech notices the hack and informs Takahashi of Johnny's location. As the cars approach Johnny chats online with a head figure who mentions PharmaKom is behind it. Once again Johnny and Jane escape. In the PharmaKom skyscraper Shinji makes a video call to a Street Preacher(Dolph Lundgren) a cross and candles pseudo cleric, and offers him a contract to get Johnny's head. At a phone booth Johnny hacks into the phone system with a repairman's device and offers the 320 GB of info to PharmaKom, hoping they will negotiate. Jane then goes into spasms and has a seizure, she still manages to direct Johnny to Spider. At a dark isolated warehouse Spider lets them in, he rants about information overload but begins to examine Jane. J-Bone and his cronies observe Street P striding down the street. Shinji gets a briefing about the woman's face in his video, she is Anna Kalmann, she died in 2015 and had been imprinted into a computer in Switzerland and is now a "ghost in the machine", advising the company from her present state. Johnny explains his situation to Spider. Street P approaches the bartender Hooky (Don Francks) and freezes his prosthetic hand in a liquid, torturing him to find out where Jane is. Spider stabilizes Jane and scans Johnny. Spider is not very confident, Johnny convinces Spider to drive them to Dr. Allcome. Driving away they run over Street Preacher. In a crowded makeshift hospital Spider tells them Dr. Allcome is merely an emergency code word, the fax was meant for them, the NAS Underground. Spider hooks Johnny up to another device and reads the data in his brain. He offers to remove the implant but it would have some severe adverse effects. The data is the cure for NAS, which can save millions of people. Johnny refuses the removal. Suddenly the Street Preacher enters and causes havoc. Spider is tortured by the Preacher but Johnny and Jane manage to run away just after Spider tells Jane to get Johnny Calling PharmaKom again Johnny offers to meet at the bridge, Landfill 5. He is talking to Shinji who is using a Anglo-saxon avatar to talk to Johnny. As Shinji hangs up the face of Anna Kalmann reappears warning him he is running out of time. Johnny and Jane arrive by garbage truck under the bridge, two guards watch them. A burning car falls and they narrowly dodge it. Johnny loses it and rants about his desire for normalcy. J-Bone descends beside them in an elevator device. Johnny begins to have flash episodes and collapses as the three ascend to the bridge deck, the busy Lotek HQ. Back at Pharmakom Shinji prepares a katana sword and pistol and directs an aide to have Takahashi meet at the bridge. At the bridge Jane comforts Johnny and the two kiss. J-bone takes them to a work area with several stacked video monitors and a dolphin, Jones himself, in a glass tank. The Loteks send out encrypted data to the world. The white dolphin is rigged up with a helmet and wires and is to be used as the codebreaker. Takahashi and a large squad of Yakuza soldiers arrive below the bridge. Johnny is hesitant to link with the dolphin but finally agrees to put on the wired headpiece. The Yakuza use personal ascenders to raise themselves up. Shinji arrives by helicopter. The Yakuza start killing the guards. Johnny has a painful experience as the dolphin slowly tries to finds the encryption key. A woman with a shoulder launched missile launcher fires at the bridge from below until J-bone shoots her with a crossbow. The codebreaking is interrupted with the fighting with only one picture resolved. Shinji confronts Johnny with a pistol and sword. Anna Kalmann appears on the monitors, in a fury Shinji slices through a wire bundle. Takahashi shoots Shinji in the back and approaches Johnny with his wire device. Jane starts a distracting fight and Johnny tries to flee, chased by the Japanese man. They fall through wreckage and hang by their fingers high above the river. Johnny manages to get control of the monofilament wire device and kills Takahashi. Back on top Johnny meets a dying Shinji who gives him the half of the photo strip key. Street Preacher arrives and in a wild fight Jane and Johnny manage to defeat the big man, burning him alive. Johnny gives J-Bone the pictures and prepares to link with the dolphin again. Ann Kalmann comes on again and appeals to Johnny. J-Bone broadcasts to the world the cure is coming and the final painful data download commences. At the end of the data stream Johnny faints but recovers quickly. J-Bone, Johnny and Jane look out onto the lights of the city with the PharmaKom tower in flames in the distance.
tt0118689
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Mr. Bean (Rowan Atkinson) is a well-meaning, but hopelessly clumsy and destructive guard at the Royal National Gallery in London. Attempts by the gallery's board of directors to fire Bean are thwarted by the chairman who, for unspecified reasons, is very fond of him. Desperate to rid themselves of the turmoil Bean unintentionally causes, the board members send him to the United States to represent them at the unveiling of the portrait Whistler's Mother, which has been purchased for $50 million by the Grierson Art Gallery in Los Angeles. Bean's visit has been arranged by the gallery's curator, David Langley (Peter MacNicol) who is being very impressed by the National Gallery's fabricated praise of "Dr. Bean", decides to board him in his house. On his flight to Los Angeles, Bean attempts to amuse a child with air sickness by blowing up his M&Ms bag and popping it to wake up the man in front of him, but without success. After the child throws up into an air sickness bag, Bean takes the bag from him and repeats the bag popping over the man's face, only to splatter him with vomit. He hides from the man upon his arrival to Los Angeles, where he is detained at the airport due to pretending to have a gun. His arrival at David's house is initially met with subtle hostility from David's wife Alison (Pamela Reed), son Kevin (Andrew Lawrence), and daughter Jennifer (Tricia Vessey). Alison refuses David's request to allow Bean to live with them for two months, and David promises Alison that he will talk to Bean and take him to a hotel after their meeting at the gallery. Bean's unorthodox arrival at the gallery worries many of David's colleagues, particularly his boss, George Grierson (Harris Yulin), who subtly warns David that he will be responsible for Bean's actions at the unveiling of the painting, but David promises that he can handle Bean, convinced that he is merely a little eccentric. When David takes Bean back to his house, Alison departs for her mother's home, unwilling to live with Bean. With his family gone, David decides to take Bean on a tour of the Los Angeles art galleries. However, Bean decides that he and David should go to Pacific Park instead, but lands in police detainment for the second time after accidentally tampering with the controls of a motion simulator ride, making it go dangerously fast after deeming that his first ride earlier was too slow. This prompts Lieutenant Brutus (Richard Gant), who dealt with Bean at the airport, to make David accountable for Bean, threatening to arrest Bean if he ever steps out of line again. Following a miserable dinner with Grierson which David had forgotten about, where Bean accidentally blows up the microwave after attempting to cook their Thanksgiving turkey in it, David finally realises that Bean is not a doctor and knows nothing about art. He is obliged to continue with the deception, however, as he has already staked his professional career on Bean's supposed reputation as a noted art scholar. The next day, Whistler's Mother arrives at the Grierson Art Gallery, and Bean is given a few minutes alone to study it, in an effort to keep him out of trouble. While dusting the frame, Bean accidentally sneezes on the painting and wipes it with a handkerchief, not knowing that it is covered in blue ink from a broken pen, and therefore the painting is stained. Terrified, Bean takes it to the caretaker's cupboard to get some agent by which to remove the ink. He uses lacquer thinner, which also dissolves the painted face from the painting. Much to his horror, Bean attempts to patch it up with an extremely unconvincing cartoon face. Upon seeing it, David is also horrified and hides the painting behind its metal security shutters. Fearing that David will lose his job and possibly face criminal proceedings for his vandalism, he and Bean head off to a bar to drown their sorrows. During the night, Bean hatches his plan to restore Whistler's Mother. He gathers a few items from David's house and makes his way to the Grierson Art Gallery. He distracts the only security guard on duty by putting laxative in his coffee, followed by switching the men's bathroom keys with some other set. He removes the destroyed painting from its frame and replaces it with a poster version of itself, glossing it with an egg and varnish mix to make it appear authentic. At the unveiling of Whistler's Mother the next day, David is overjoyed to see the painting is restored, but expects Bean, who has totally forgotten to come up with a speech, to make a fool of himself on national television when he takes the podium at the press conference. However, Bean's brief but effective off-the-cuff speech regarding the work is both very simple and very deep, cementing the public's perception of him as a scholarly virtuoso. Despite initial doubts, the officials and hierarchy appear to take his words to heart and enjoy the speech. After the unveiling, Brutus finds David and informs him that Jennifer has been involved in a motorcycle accident because she rebelled against David for not getting rid of Bean, and is in intensive care. Bean and David are given a police escort to the hospital to see Jennifer, but Brutus stops on his way to deal with an armed robber, who shoots Brutus in his stomach before being arrested. Due to a mix-up at the hospital, Bean is mistaken for a medical doctor and pushed into an operating theatre containing Brutus, who is shot in the stomach and barely alive. While the other doctors and nurses are distracted, Bean unconventionally retrieves the bullet and eventually rescues Brutus, earning the admiration of his colleagues. Bean is again mistaken for a doctor and this time, David takes him to see Jennifer, who is unconscious. Bean, unsure what to do, attempt to use a defibrillator to bring Jennifer back to life, but accidentally shocks himself and is sent flying across the room and lands on Jennifer in her bed and waking her up in the process. Still not recognising Bean, David and Alison tell him that they will offer him anything. Bean reveals himself and then asks if he can stay with them for another week before returning to London. Though baffled, the Langleys gladly accept. After another week in Los Angeles with the Langleys, for which he gives the family gifts, and explores the city, a bald man shows him his middle finger, bean thinks it is a sign of good luck. So he shows this to everybody. In his flat, Bean, getting ready to bed for the night, turns off the light and looks at the original vandalised Whistler's Mother, which now has pride-of-place on his wall, and shows it to his Teddy before closing his eyes and going to sleep.
tt0109035
Crime,Drama,Sport
Leon in this film plays basketball by himself with no ball
tt0094947
Drama,Romance
In pre-Revolution Paris, the Marquise de Merteuil (Glenn Close) plots revenge against her ex-lover, the Comte de Gercourt, who has recently ended their relationship. An amoral, sexually ravenous schemer, Merteuil amuses herself by manipulating men out of boredom, and her resentment of the subservient status of women in 18th-century French aristocratic society. To soothe her wounded pride and embarrass Gercourt, she seeks to arrange the seduction and disgrace of his young 18-year-old virgin fiancée, Cécile de Volanges (Uma Thurman), who has only recently been presented to society after spending her formative years in the shelter of a convent. Merteuil calls on her old friend, the rakish and similarly unprincipled Vicomte de Valmont (John Malkovich) to do the deed, offering him her own sexual favors as the reward for a successful conquest. Valmont declines, claiming that it is too easy, plus he has a seduction of his own in progress: Madame de Tourvel (Michelle Pfeiffer), the virtuous wife of a member of Parliament. Merteuil is amused and incredulous at Valmont's hubris. She asks him how can he ever hope to bed a chaste, devoutly religious woman like Madame Tourvel. Never one to refuse a challenge, Valmont modifies the proposal: If he succeeds in sleeping with Tourvel, Merteuil must sleep with him as well. Merteuil accepts, on the condition that he furnish written proof of the liaison. At the estate of Valmont's aunt in the countryside, Madame de Rosemonde (Mildred Natwick), where Tourvel is living as a guest while her husband is away on state business, Valmont employs every trick in his considerable repertoire in a vain attempt to attract Tourvel's attention. His first attempt to proposition to Tourvel fails when she refuses his advances. She reveals that she knows all about him and his reputation; that he seduces and corrupts young women for his own twisted enjoyment. Tourvel claims that a friend has been writing her letters which explains all about Valmont's seduction tactics. Searching for leverage, Valmont instructs his page Azolan (Peter Capaldi) to seduce Tourvel's maid Julie (Valerie Gogan) so that Valmont can intimidate her to gain access to Tourvel's private correspondence. Later, Julie gives one of the letters and it is from Madame de Volanges (Swoosie Kurtz), Cécile's mother and Merteuil's cousin, warning Tourvel that Valmont is a cad, and a generally nefarious and untrustworthy individual. On reading this, Valmont returns to Paris and resolves to do Merteuil's dirty work after all, seducing Cécile as revenge for her mother's only-too-accurate denunciation of him. Meanwhile, Cécile meets the charming Chevalier Raphael Danceny (Keanu Reeves) at a local opera house where she frequents. Danceny becomes Cécile's music teacher and slowly, with a little coaxing from Merteuil (who knows that Danceny, a poor commoner, can never qualify as a bona fide suitor), they fall in love. Valmont's connived seduction of Cécile is rapid and unsubtle. After gaining access to her bedchamber on a false pretense, he forces himself upon her as she pleads with him to leave. The following night he attempts to enter her room again, but she has barred her door. On the pretext of illness she remains locked in her chambers, refusing all visitors. A concerned Madame de Volanges calls upon Merteuil to speak to her. Cécile, naively assuming that Merteuil has her best interests at heart, confides in her. Merteuil advises Cécile to welcome Valmont's advances; young women should take advantage of all the lovers they can acquire, she says, in a society so repressive and contemptuous of women. The result is a perverse "student-teacher" relationship between Cécile and Valmont; by day she is courted by Danceny, and each night she receives a sexual "lesson" from Valmont. In the meantime, Merteuil seduces Danceny and begins an affair with him. Ever mindful of Merteuil's challenge, Valmont's principal target remains Madame de Tourvel, and during his time as Cécile's "teacher" he somehow manages to win Tourvel's heart..... but at a cost: Valmont, the lifelong bachelor playboy, falls in love, after spending his first night with Tourvel. In a fit of jealousy, Merteuil mocks Valmont for having succumbed to Tourvel's charms. She also refuses to honor her end of their agreement, since Valmont has no written proof that the relationship has been consummated. Valmont, faced with Merteuil's threat to trash his reputation by revealing himself as a carefree gigolo, abruptly dismisses Tourvel with a terse excuse: "It is beyond my control". Cécile, meanwhile, after a particularly rough night in Valmont's bed, miscarries his child. Tourvel, overwhelmed with grief and shame, retires to a convent where her health deteriorates inexorably, and she eventually dies from cholora. The Valmont-Merteuil toxicity/war escalates. Valmont learns of Merteuil's seduction of Danceny and warns him of her perfidy. Merteuil retaliates by informing Danceny that Valmont has been sleeping with Cécile. Danceny challenges Valmont to a duel, and mortally wounds him. On his deathbed, Valmont asks Danceny to communicate to Tourvel.... by now also at death's door.... his genuine love for her. He then gives Danceny his collection of intimate letters from Merteuil A few days later, all of Paris learns the entire, grisly range of her schemes and depredations. Booed and humiliated at the opéra by her former friends and sycophants, Merteuil flees the city in disgrace for places unknown. Cécile, guilt-ridden, returns to the convent whence she came to become a nun.
tt0120873
Action,Crime,Thriller
The film opens with closed-circuit television footage of an exchange between two men taking place in a parking garage, which appears to be foiled by agents of the U.S. State Department's Diplomatic Security Service (DSS). The two agents appear to be shot and killed by one of the two men making the meeting. The scene cuts to Chicago, where a tow truck driver named Mark Warren (Wesley Snipes) is driving down a highway while he returns a car to an impound lot. He suddenly has to swerve to avoid a distracted driver, and loses control of his truck. The truck crashes through several construction barriers, then is launched into the air and turned over its side as it skids into an intersection. Warren survives, although his left arm is broken in the accident. Within minutes, the police and the fire department arrive to extricate Warren from the truck. While Warren is being carted away in an ambulance, a firefighter makes an unusual discovery: a gun stashed inside the truck, velcroed underneath the dashboard. We cut to a South Side neighborhood, where a group of US Marshals led by Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard (Tommy Lee Jones) along with his team, comprised of Cosmo Renfro (Joe Pantoliano), Bobby Biggs (Daniel Roebuck), Noah Newman (Tom Wood), and Savannah Cooper (LaTanya Richardson), are staking out an apartment building where they believe two fugitive brothers, Michael and Greg Conroy, who escaped from a Tennessee state prison are hiding with their girlfriends. Gerard is stationed on a street corner, disguised as a chicken mascot offering free samples to passerby while advertising his food truck parked on the corner. Biggs is stationed nearby, disguised as a construction worker, as is Renfro. Newman and Cooper are stationed behind the building. While acting his part, Gerard sees a stationwagon pulls up and park outside the building. He watches as the fugitive brothers and their girlfriends climb out of the car and head inside with groceries. Once they're inside, he starts walking towards the building, removing his chicken feet and head and producing his pistol, and is joined by Biggs and Renfro. They advance up to the front door of the suspected hideout. On Gerard's signal, Biggs smashes the door open with a sledgehammer. Biggs and Renfro immediately draw their guns on Michael, who immediately fights back as they try to secure handcuffs on him. Gerard gets attacked by the girlfriends when they try to intervene, but he manages to overpower both of them. Greg Conroy attempts to flee out the back door, only for Newman and Cooper to burst in and pin him to the wall. His infant son starts crying and he immediately makes a move for the baby's crib, ostensibly to comfort it. However, Newman shoots him in the shoulder as he tries to draw a shotgun. Gerard picks up the shotgun and manages to use it to briefly hold Michael, who's been trying to fight off Renfro and Biggs this whole time, at bay. Renfro starts to secure the handcuffs on Michael, who suddenly yells in pain and bites Biggs's left shoulder, forcing Gerard to crack him over the head with the butt of the shotgun. Gerard and his men later celebrate the arrest of the Conroy brothers at a bar, as they watch a newscast of the brothers being led to the courthouse in handcuffs. Both brothers have made excessive force complaints against Gerard, with Michael having required 27 stitches after Gerard struck him with the shotgun. Meanwhile, Mark Warren is taken to Chicago Memorial Hospital, where his left arm is put in a cast and he is given a neck brace as support. His girlfriend Marie Bineaux (Irène Jacob) is there waiting to pick him up when he's released, as she pays for Warren's bill in cash. One of the police officers from the scene of the accident is also there, ready to pick up Warren on an illegal gun possession charge due to the gun found in the truck (thanks to Chicago's strict gun laws). The moment Warren is released from the hospital, the Chicago Police immediately arrest Warren and take him into custody. Warren is taken to an interrogation room, where three detectives show up to question him. The lead detective informs Warren that there's been a slight discrepancy: his name flags a white man with long hair. When asked if he's aware of the strict gun laws Chicago imposes, Warren dismisses it by asking, "You ever try towin' a car on the Dan Ryan at three o'clock in the morning without a handgun?" The detective then asks Warren if he's ever been to East 42nd Street and First Avenue in New York City, the scene of a brutal double homicide the previous December. Warren denies it, but the detective then reveals that Warren's fingerprints flagged him as Mark Roberts, the man wanted on a federal arrest warrant for the murders, and his prints were found at the crime scene. Warren/Roberts immediately demands to talk to a lawyer, and has to be restrained by the other two detectives, which as it turns out is a ploy as he uses the distraction to snap the glasses frames belonging to the lead detective. That evening, Gerard attends a party with his date, newscaster Stacia Vela. In actuality, he is attending because he's been summoned by his boss, Marshal Katherine Walsh (Kate Nelligan). Walsh reprimands Gerard for his actions during the arrest of the Conroy brothers, since the brothers are accusing Gerard of police brutality. As discipline, and damage control, she orders him to personally escort the Conroys back to Tennessee on a federal prison transport plane. Gerard reports that night to the airfield where the prison transport plane is awaiting departure. Several prisoners are loaded onto the aircraft, including the Conroy brothers, and Mark Roberts. Once on board, each prisoner is buckled in by a guard, with additional shackles being used to secure their legs to the floor. Around midnight, the aircraft takes off, headed first for Memphis, then for New York City. The flight is uneventful until about 20 minutes prior to landing, when Vincent Ling, a Chinese mob assassin being returned to prison after losing an appeal, suddenly asks to use the lavatory. One of the guards releases the leg shackles on Ling's feet and walks him back to the toilet. Ling sits down and pretends to use the toilet. In actuality, the toilet trip is a ruse for him to grab a zipgun disguised as a ballpoint pen that's been planted inside a roll of toilet paper. While that's happening, Roberts begins to use the piece of glasses frame (which he's smuggled on inside his plaster cast) to pick at his handcuffs. As Ling is being escorted back to his seat, he produces the zipgun and tries to shoot Roberts. However, Roberts deflects the aim, and the bullet pierces a window, causing an explosive decompression that sucks Ling and a prison guard out of the plane. The plane immediately goes into a dive as the pilots struggle to regain control of the plane. They are forced to ditch the plane on a narrow country road somewhere in Kentucky. The plane touches down smoothly, but then the left wing clips a row of power line poles, and eventually breaks off. What's left of the plane then rolls off the road, and down a hill into the river, where it comes to a rest upside down. As survivors are evacuated, Roberts escapes into the night. Gerard issues a manhunt for the escapee. DSS Director Bertram Lamb assigns DSS Special Agent John Royce to join Gerard's team. Gerard inspects Royce's firearm and dismissively insists Royce replace it with a Glock. Roberts is tracked by the team to a swamp, where he takes Royce's gun and shoots Gerard with it, who is wearing a bulletproof vest, allowing him to escape. After traveling to New York City and securing money, weapons and fake identification, Roberts tails Chinese diplomat Xiang Chen, the other man from the parking garage. In Chicago, Gerard and the Marshals pursue several leads, including Roberts' girlfriend Marie Bineaux. Roberts secretly contacts Bineaux to explain that he secretly worked for the government and was ambushed during a routine exchange, killing the men before realizing they were DSS agents. The Marshals track the airplane mechanic who was bribed to hide the zip gun and discover that he has been murdered by Chen. Gerard acquires the surveillance footage of the murders and finds Roberts killed the agents in self-defense and was wearing gloves, thus could not have been identified by fingerprints at the scene as Lamb claimed. Lamb admits that Roberts is in fact Mark Sheridan, a former Force Recon Marine working as an unofficial operative for the government, who they believe is a mole within the U.S. State Department selling covert secrets to China. The agents were tailing Chen, a Chinese intelligence agent who was the mole's contact, but when they tried to intercept the exchange, Sheridan killed them and fled. Eventually, Gerard and his team catch up with Sheridan in Queens Hill Cemetery as he ambushes DSS Special Agent Frank Barrows, who conspired with the mole to frame Sheridan by duping him into making the exchange. As Sheridan holds Barrows hostage to clear his name, Chen inadvertently kills Barrows while trying to shoot Sheridan. Chen is apprehended, while Sheridan flees to a retirement home followed by Gerard, Royce and Marshal Noah Newman. During a struggle, Royce disarms Sheridan and holds him at gunpoint. Before Royce can kill Sheridan, Newman walks into the room and Royce shoots him, giving Sheridan the opportunity to escape off the roof and onto a moving subway. Royce claims Sheridan shot Newman, who dies before he can reveal the truth. A vengeful Gerard abandons his team, taking Royce along as they track Sheridan to a loading dock in Bayonne, New Jersey, where he is stowing away on a freighter bound for Canada. Gerard confronts, fights and nearly kills Sheridan but lets his guard down, enabling Sheridan to get the upper hand. Royce fires his new Glock at Sheridan, hitting him in the shoulder, who is taken into custody. At the hospital, Gerard recognizes the gun that killed Newman as Royce's old firearm. Royce goes into Sheridan's room and admits he is the mole, giving Sheridan a knife to make his intended murder appear as self-defense. Gerard walks in and confronts Royce about killing Newman. Royce tries to shoot Gerard for catching him in the act like before, but Gerard had emptied Royce's Glock beforehand. When Royce attempts to draw his backup firearm, Gerard shoots and kills him first. Sheridan is publicly exonerated at a government hearing and makes peace with Gerard, who gives his team a backhanded apology before they depart to honor Newman's memory.
tt0122933
Comedy,Crime
When mobster Paul Vitti (Robert De Niro) suffers a crisis of confidence, threatening his ability to lead his criminal empire, he turns to professional help in the way of Dr. Ben Sobel (Billy Crystal) a psychiatrist who accidentally became acquainted with two of Vitti's henchmen. Dr. Sobel and his finance, (Lisa Kudrow) soon have their world turned upside down by Vitti's increasing demands for Sobels services which displace any semblance of order for the good doctor's heretofore mundane existence. Meanwhile, the growing importance of "the shrink" to the operation of the Vitti organization has not gone unnoticed in the law enforcement community, and the FBI approaches Sobel with an offer he cant refuse: betray Vitti by wearing a wire or spend a long time in a federal prison. Complications escalate, and Ben finds himself dodging bullets, federal agents and rival gang members, but still wanting to fulfill his professional obligation to help the conflicted mob boss. It all comes to a climax when Sobel must act as Vitti's consigliore at a sit-down of the major crime syndicates to represent the famiglia and confront rival gang chieftain, Primo Sidone (Chazz Palminteri).
tt0112346
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Michael Douglas is President Andrew Shepherd, a widower and father who begins to get uncomfortable with the perception surrounding his being a single father. He drops in on a meeting with environmental lobbyists and meets hard-charging Sydney Wade (Annette Bening). After Sydney escorts President Shepherd to a State dinner, the two strike up a relationship, much to the chagrin of Sydney's boss, played by John Mahoney, and much to the delight of President Shepherd's political rival, the scheming Senator Bob Rumson (Richard Dreyfuss). Rumson's attacks on Sydney and the President's character send President Shepherd's approval ratings tumbling and eventually forces Shepherd to choose between one of his priority bills and the bill Sydney was hired to get passed.
tt0185183
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In the year 3000, Earth has been ruled for 1,000 years by the Psychlos, a brutal race of giant humanoid aliens. The remnants of humanity are either enslaved by the Psychlos and used for manual labor or survive in primitive tribes living in remote areas outside Psychlo control. Jonnie Goodboy Tyler (Barry Pepper), a member of one such tribe, leaves his home in the Rocky Mountains on a journey of exploration. He joins forces with Carlo (Kim Coates), a hunter, but both men are captured by a Psychlo raiding party and transported to a slave camp at the Psychlos' main base on Earth, a giant dome built over the ruins of Denver, Colorado. Terl (John Travolta), the Psychlo security chief on Earth, has been condemned by his superiors to remain indefinitely at his post on Earth as punishment for an unclear incident involving "the Senator's daughter." Aided by his deputy, Ker (Forest Whitaker), Terl devises a plan to buy his way off the planet by making a fortune using human slaves to mine gold in radioactive areas. Psychlos are unable to visit such areas due to the explosive interaction of the gas that they breathe with radionuclide particles. Terl selects Jonnie as his "foreman" for the project and gives him a Psychlo education using a rapid-learning machine. Terl gives Jonnie a party of slaves and a Psychlo flying shuttle and orders him to go out and find gold. After learning the Psychlos' language, history, and myriad other educational forms from the rapid learning machine, Jonnie plots a human uprising against the Psychlos. He obtains gold from Fort Knox to satisfy Terl's demands, instead of mining gold as ordered. Jonnie and his followers find an abandoned underground US military base with working aircraft, weapons, fuel, and nuclear weapons. They use the base's flight simulators to train themselves in aerial combat. After a week of training, the rebels launch a mass uprising against the Psychlos using Harrier jump-jets and other weapons. Carlo sacrifices himself to destroy the dome over Denver, and the Psychlos inside suffocate in Earth's atmosphere, which they are unable to breathe. Jonnie captures a Psychlo teleportation device and uses it to teleport an atomic bomb to the Psychlo home world. The ensuing detonation causes the entire Psychlo atmosphere to explode, wiping out the planet. Ker and Terl survive on Earth but face different fates: Ker sides with the victorious humans, while Terl is imprisoned as a hostage within a vault in Fort Knox. The film ends with the humans in control of Earth but facing an uncertain future.
tt0183523
Adventure,Sci-Fi,Thriller
In the year 2020 AD, a mission is launched with the goal of carrying humans to Mars for the first time. The mission's four crew members, upon arriving on the planet, discover a mysterious geologic formation in their vicinity. After transmitting their findings back to the command center on the World Space Station, they head for the site to try and learn more. When they arrive at the formation, they notice a strange sound, which they assume to be interference from their Mars Rover. While attempting to scan the formation with radar, a large vortex forms around the structure, which envelopes and kills two of the mission's crew. A third member was killed when a large rock breaks her visor, exposing her to the Martian atmosphere. Only the mission's commander, Luke Graham (Don Cheadle), survives. The formation also emits an extremely powerful EMP, which irreparably damages much of the electronic equipment on the spacecraft. Despite the damage, Graham manages to upload one transmission to the REMO (REsupply MOdule) orbiting Mars. After receiving Commander Graham's garbled message informing of his crew members' deaths, the Earth command center hastily dispatches another Mars mission. The crew of this new mission includes Commander Woodrow "Woody" Blake (Tim Robbins); Co-Commander Jim McConnell (Gary Sinise); and mission specialists Terri Fisher (Connie Nielsen) and Phil Ohlmyer (Jerry O'Connell). The goal of the mission is to investigate the tragedy and bring back any survivors. As the ship is being prepared for its orbital insertion around the red planet, a swarm of micrometeorites collides with the ship and compromises the ship's hull, causing an atmosphere leak. The crew works quickly to repair the hole, troubleshooting where the damage is located, and then using a liquid to help Woody apply the patch. Jim nearly asphyxiates in the incident but survives. Unbeknownst to the crew, the fuel tanks were also damaged, and when they ignite the main engines, the resulting fuel explosion destroys the ship. They quickly don pressure suits and abandon it, hoping to maneuver their way to the REMO. Circumstances are unfavorable, though, as the REMO is moving more quickly (in a slightly lower orbit) than the tethered astronauts. Woody concludes the only hope of a successful rendezvous with the REMO is for him to launch himself directly at it, using the remainder of his jet pack fuel, carrying a line from the others. He successfully attaches the cable to the REMO but is unable to stop himself as he does and floats helplessly away toward the planet. Terri, wanting to save him, decides to cut her line. Woody, not wanting Terri to be harmed, commits suicide by taking off his helmet. When the remaining crew arrive on the red planet, they find Luke, the captain of the first team, still alive. He seems a bit crazed from the isolation and the deaths of his crew but he's able to tell the rescuers about his crew's findings, and informs them that the formation found was the "face". He had spent the time alone attempting to learn the secrets of the mysterious structure. He shows the rescue team his most significant clue, a recording of the noise heard in the area of the formation. He had found, after several months of analysis, that the sound was a map of human DNA, in XYZ coordinates. Together, they discover that the mysterious signals are actually a prompt, requiring input of one missing pair of chromosomes which would complete human DNA. The crew dispatches a robot to send the completed signal, at which time an opening appears in the side of the structure. Curious, they venture inside, and are soon sealed in, and discover Earth-like atmospheric conditions. They find a large dark room, and once they step inside, a three-dimensional projection of the solar system appears. A humanoid hologram of a Martian appears, silently explaining that at some time in the distant past, Mars was hit by a "planet-killer" asteroid which decimated the Martian ecosystem. The Martians were forced to evacuate their home planet and find other places to settle. During their evacuation, however, they also dispatched elementary life forms of their own to the nearby planet Earth, which at the time of the Martian evacuation, contained no life forms. Over the billions of years following this "seed-scattering" (see panspermia), these life forms eventually became the humans who would one day land on Mars and be recognized as the descendants of that ancient Martian experiment. As the image of the Martian fades away, an invitation is offered for one of the astronauts to follow the Martians to one of their new home planets. Jim McConnell decides to go and after their farewells, the rest of the surviving crew head back to Earth. Jim stands in a cylinder that rapidly fills with clear liquid - after a few seconds submerged, he finds that he can breathe the fluid. As the rest of the crew head toward Earth they watch in curiosity as Jim, now inside a Martian craft, races away at speeds hundreds of times faster than their ship into deep space.
tt0165929
Action,Crime,Thriller
Two rival gangs, one Asian, the other African American, are locked in a fierce and brutal turf battle, vying for control of Oakland's waterfront properties. But when the first casualty is the Asian warlord's son Po, the gang war becomes more dangerous than either side ever imagined. News of the murder gets back to Po's big brother Han (Jet Li - Lethal Weapon 4, Kiss Of the Dragon), a legendary ex-cop currently imprisoned in a Hong Kong jail. In a world of vicious rivalries and violent betrayals, Han has no choice but to escape and declare war himself. But unlike others, who can only use weapons, Han IS a weapon. And falling into his sightlines can be a deadly mistake.
tt0113670
Drama,Family,Fantasy
In 1914, young Sara Crewe (Liesel Matthews) lives in India with her wealthy widowed father, Ralph Crewe (Liam Cunningham), a captain in the British Army. Immersed in Indian culture, Sara absorbs the many stories and folktales she hears from a local woman, Maya, from whom she also adopts the mantra "all women are princesses." Her circumstances change abruptly with the onset of World War I, meaning Captain Crewe must return to the army barracks. He enrolls Sara at her late mother's girlhood boarding school, Miss Minchin's School for Girls, in New York City. As they sail for America, Sara dreads her impending separation from her beloved father, but is reminded of his devotion when he presents her with a heart-shaped locket which he had given to Sara's mother when they married. The locket contains a photograph of each of Sara's parents, and it instantly becomes her most treasured possession. Sara and Captain Crewe arrive in bustling New York and take a carriage to Sara's new school. They are greeted by the cheerful Amelia Minchin (Rusty Schwimmer), the younger sister of the school's headmistress and director, Miss Amanda Minchin (Eleanor Bron). The senior Minchin, a stern woman whose demeanor is in sharp contrast to Amelia's, greets the Crewes with honeyed mannerisms clearly influenced by Captain Crewe's wealth. Wishing his daughter to be as comfortable as possible in her new surroundings, Captain Crewe had spared no expense in securing the school's largest bedroom suite for Sara prior to their arrival, had her beautiful clothes and toys shipped over from India, and promised large monthly payments to ensure Sara's comfort. Miss Minchin gives them a tour of the facilities and introduces Sara to the other pupils during their French lesson. Miss Minchin notices the locket around Sara's neck and attempts, rather sharply, to remove it, asserting that jewelry is against school rules. Sara, however, insists on keeping it, respectfully promising to only wear it in her room during personal time. To say their goodbyes before Captain Crewe's ship departs, Sara and her father are shown into Sara's splendid suite, which is fully prepared and decorated with treasures from India. Captain Crewe presents Sara with a new doll, Emily, whom he says possesses the magical power to act as messenger between them while he is away. He encourages her to believe in magic, for it must be believed to be real. They promise to write to each other every day. Sara then tearfully watches her father's carriage disappear down the road as she sits in her window, cradling Emily. Sara's first morning at school does not go smoothly. She is late for breakfast, not being used to adhering to a schedule, and getting momentarily distracted when she sees her mother's photograph on the wall with other alumni. Miss Minchin, already viewing Sara as spoiled and overindulged, dislikes her further when Monsieur Dufarge (Lomax Study), the French teacher, praises Sara's fluent grasp of the language while still despairing of Miss Minchin's accent and pronunciation. Sara is chided for "talking at the table" after thanking the servant girl, Becky (Vanessa Lee Chester), for serving her porridge at breakfast. Later, in a letter to her father, Sara writes that the school rules are strange to her, but she will endeavor to obey them. Once the enigma of the wealthy new classmate wears off, the other girls begin to approach Sara. A haughty older girl, Lavinia (Taylor Fry), makes no secret of her disdain for Sara's kind nature and passion for storytelling, but the other girls are entranced by Sara's mental library of Indian sagas. Sara forms a close bond with Ermengarde (Heather DeLoach), a bespectacled misfit who endures harsh treatment from both Miss Minchin and Lavinia. Sara's stories and natural empathy give her the ability to calm Lottie (Kelsey Mulrooney), the youngest pupil, who is prone to loud and frequent tantrums. After discovering that the cause of the tantrums is Lottie's misery about her mother's death, Sara tells Lottie that her own mother is dead and in Heaven, and that Lottie's mother is surely there too, living in a palace made of sunflowers and watching over her daughter from above. Amelia Minchin, who was always charged by her sister to handle Lottie's fits, had always been unsuccessful in her attempts, and is immensely relieved that Sara is so effective. Sara is curious about the servant girl, Becky, to whom the girls are expressly forbidden to speak. While the other girls seem to grasp the social point that Becky's being African American "means something," Sara, having grown up away from American culture, sees no logic in it. She sneaks up to the attic where Becky sleeps in pitiful conditions, and witnesses Becky icing her bruised and blistered feet. Becky notices Sara and, startled, tells her they will both be in trouble if Sara comes to the attic again. Sara, saddened by Becky's situation, later leaves her a gift of splendid fur-trimmed slippers and a note of friendship. It soon becomes habit for most of the girls to sneak into Sara's room at night to listen to her stories. She had been telling them, in installments, the saga of Princess Sita, her husband Prince Rama, and the evil ten-headed demon who kept them apart. The girls know it is against the rules to leave their rooms at night, and Miss Minchin's dislike for Sara's imaginative worldview is now known to all the pupils, so Sara encourages them to be quiet during the stories and to leave if there is danger of being found out. The absence of her father is still weighing heavily on Sara, who clings to her doll, Emily, for comfort. She and Ermengarde both feel dejected when the parents of the other pupils come to visit the school. Ermengarde's father had virtually abandoned her at school, attempting to force her to adapt to an environment that was damaging to her happiness and self-esteem. Sara attempts to cheer her up, but is saddened to watch the sea of happy mothers and fathers reunited with their daughters. With a flash of hope, Sara sees a man in military uniform and follows him outside, but her spirits are dashed when she sees he is not Captain Crewe. To celebrate Sara's birthday, as per Captain Crewe's instructions, no expense was to be spared. The girls enjoy a lavish cake and dance in the parlor while Amelia and Ermengarde play a cheerful rag on the piano. Amid the festivities, Miss Minchin receives an unexpected visit from Captain Crewe's solicitor, Mr. Barrow (Vincent Schiavelli), who informs her in private that Captain Crewe is unaccounted for and presumed dead. As such, the British government has seized his fortune and will allow no more payments to Miss Minchin for Sara's care. As she had been expecting a rather large payment for the current month, Miss Minchin is furious and abruptly stops the birthday party, sending all the girls to their rooms except Sara. With little effort at sympathy, Miss Minchin tells Sara that her father is dead, that she has no family nor money, and she must now forfeit all her valuable belongings to Miss Minchin to cover the unpaid debt. In addition, Sara is demoted from student to servant, and is sent to the attic with a drab black frock, one book, a candle, and Emily, the one possession she was permitted to keep. Miss Minchin snatches the locket from Sara's neck, threatens to have her arrested if she keeps another valuable from her, and leaves her alone in the leaky attic with the taunting remark of "You're not a princess any longer." Sara, who had been in a horrified daze since she had heard the news, finally breaks down and weeps for the loss of her father. Sara's new life beings at five o' clock every morning, when she reports to the kitchen to help the cook with breakfast. She now serves porridge to her former classmates, whom Miss Minchin has forbidden any communication with. Ermengarde, Lottie, and her other friends are clearly distressed by Sara's plight. Sara and Becky become close friends and visit with each other through a broken plank in the shared wall of their attic rooms. Becky encourages Sara to continue telling her stories and believing in magic, but Sara is too depressed to embrace her former optimism and imagination. In the large townhouse next door to the school lives Mr. Randolph (Arthur Malet), a wealthy, elderly, wheelchair-bound man whose son, John, recently left to fight in the army. Mr. Randolph's manservant is an imposing Indian gentleman called Ram Dass (Errol Sitahal), who is constantly accompanied by his pet monkey Hanuman. While shopping for groceries at the market, Sara witnesses two Army officers deliver the news of John's disappearance to Mr. Randolph, who is led inside weeping by Ram Dass. During her next market trip, Sara is handed a coin by a kindly boy, whose mother immediately scolds him for giving his money to a "beggar." Sara buys herself a bun from the bakery, but before consuming it, she sees a shabbily-dressed woman with three young children attempting to sell flowers in the market square. Sara gives her treat to one of the children, and their mother insists she have a flower in return, calling her a "princess" for her action. Feeling much empathy for Mr. Randolph's situation, Sara threads the yellow rose through the handles of the old man's front door. With the aid of Becky's friendship, Sara begins to reclaim fragments of her former positive perspective, and even enjoys herself when the two girls play a vengeful prank on Miss Minchin after witnessing her be cruel to a young chimney sweep. She also strikes up a good relationship with Amelia, who confides in Sara her displeasure with her job and her sister's treatment of her. Sara coyly encourages Amelia to pursue a relationship with Francis (Time Winters), the milkman, with whom Amelia had been awkwardly flirting for some time. Meanwhile, Mr. Randolph is taken to an army hospital and asked to identify an anonymous injured soldier, whom the doctors thought might be the old man's missing son. The soldier, wearing bandages around his eyes and afflicted with memory loss, is not John Randolph, but Ram Dass persuades Mr. Randolph to take the man into his home to recuperate, reasoning that the stranger might know what happened to John. Ram Dass has also taken notice of the miserable conditions of Sara and Becky, as his room at the Randolph house is adjacent to their attic quarters, and he and Sara form something of a silent friendship from their respective windows. Sara's friends concoct a daring scheme to retrieve Sara's locket from Miss Minchin's office. When Miss Minchin departs for an errand, Lottie throws a false tantrum to distract Amelia. Ermengarde and a few others sneak into the deserted office and quietly search for the locket, which is soon found in a desk drawer. To their horror, Miss Minchin returns early to fetch a forgotten glove, and the girls are nearly caught in the act. Fortunately, Becky distracts Miss Minchin long enough for the girls to escape to safety. That night, Sara's friends make a risky journey to the attic to return the locket to Sara, who is touched and deeply grateful. Their reunion is halted by the arrival of Miss Minchin, who furiously sends the pupils to their rooms before descending on Sara and Becky. Though Sara hides the locket before Miss Minchin can notice it, and despite her attempts to take the blame for her friends being out of bounds at night, Miss Minchin tells Sara that for the entirety of the next day, Becky will be locked in her attic room while Sara performs both of their workloads, and neither of them will receive any food. She attempts to break Sara's spirit further by taunting Sara's resilient "princess" outlook, but Sara stands firm in her beliefs. Miss Minchin threatens to throw Sara out if she is found with any of the girls again, and storms out in tears of rage. Becky is miserable, seeing no hope for herself or Sara, as they await their punishments. Sara resorts to her imagination, suggesting that they eat an imaginary feast that night to stave off the next day's hunger. Becky eventually is persuaded, and the girls imagine themselves splendidly dressed and enjoying their favorite foods. Ram Dass witnesses their plight from the Randolph house. In the morning, Sara awakens to a miraculous sight: the attic is decked out for a banquet, with luxurious robes waiting for her and Becky, and a table laden with a magnificent breakfast. Ram Dass, through unknown and possibly mystical means, had granted the girls' wish. Fortified by her fantastic morning, Sara is able to endure the double workload that day. After sunset, Amelia sneaks out of a window and happily runs away with Francis the milkman. Miss Minchin, unaware of her sister's departure, finally notices the absence of Sara's locket in her desk drawer and immediately goes to the attic to confront the girl. Miss Minchin is shocked by Ram Dass's fine gifts, and accuses Sara of stealing them. Sara asserts her innocence, but still refuses to incriminate her friends. Miss Minchin furiously informs Sara that she is going to be arrested for theft, locks her and Becky in the attic again, and leaves to call the police. With the clock ticking and a violent thunderstorm outside, Sara and Becky formulate a hasty and dangerous escape plan. They use a long, narrow wooden plank as a bridge between their attic window and the ledge of the Randolph house next door. Sara, terrified but determined, promises to return for Becky, and begins to crawl across the beam on her hands and knees. The beam is unsteady and made slippery from the relentless rain, and Sara is several floors above street level. Just as she makes it to the opposite ledge, Miss Minchin arrives in the attic with the police, all of whom are frozen momentarily by the sight of Sara's escape. Miss Minchin orders the police to stop her, and Sara loses her balance, nearly falling to her death. She dangles from the ledge and manages to claw her way to safety, entering the upstairs window. Miss Minchin tells the police to go next door and find her, and to take Becky as well. Sara, drenched and shaken, wanders through Mr. Randolph's house. She is startled when she encounters a man alone in the drawing room, his eyes and upper face obscured by bandages. He senses her presence, and asks her name. Sara realizes with astonishment that this is her father, very much alive and safe. She rushes to embrace him, but though he is clearly affected by her emotion, he does not remember her. Sara desperately tries to awaken his memories, and grows more panicked as the police and Miss Minchin arrive at the front door. They demand entrance from Mr. Randolph, explaining that there is a runaway child in his house. Amid the chaos, Ram Dass stands silently by as policemen drag Sara, screaming, away from her father. As Sara is being taken to a waiting police vehicle, Ram Dass influences Captain Crewe to remove his bandages and see again. Captain Crewe's mind miraculously clears and he races to the street, shouting his daughter's name. Sara breaks free from the police and leaps into her father's arms as they both weep with joy. Ram Dass looks on, chuckling knowingly. On a sunny morning soon afterward, Ermengarde and the rest of the girls congregate on the school's front steps to bid farewell to Sara and Becky, who are returning to India to live with Captain Crewe. Sara leaves her doll, Emily, with her friends to act as messenger between them. After hugging Ermengarde, Sara is approached by Lavinia, who, to everyone's great surprise, embraces Sara with a genuine smile. The girls wave goodbye as Captain Crewe, Sara, and Becky depart in a carriage. Miss Minchin no longer holds her lofty position at the school, and is reduced to working as a chimney sweep, reporting to the same boy she had mistreated earlier.
tt0310910
Crime,Thriller
A group of grifters rip off their latest mark and celebrate, while the de facto leader of the group, Jake Vig (Edward Burns) narrates about the art of the con. When one of the four grifters is found shot to death, the other three learn that the latest money they stole actually belonged to a local L.A. crime lord called The King (Dustin Hoffman). Jake meets The King, who proposes that the grifters now go to work for him and steal money from Morgan Price, a rival who now owns a bank. The sociopathic King leaves them little choice in the matter. Having no options, Jake gets to work on developing a new con; he enlists the aid of his two remaining partners, Gordo and Miles, and also convinces an independent con artist named Lilly (Rachel Weisz) to round out their foursome. Unfortunately, The King, a wiry, manic man who suffers from ADHD, demands that one of his men, Lupus, also work on the con. The con involves bribing a vice president at the bank into wiring money offshore. The plan hits a major snag when Special Agent Gunther Butan (Andy Garcia) shows up in L.A., looking to finally bust Jake, whom he has followed for years. Agent Butan quickly forces two corrupt LAPD detectives into switching their allegiance from Jake to him. After hearing about Butan's arrival in town, a nervous Jake pulls the plug on the whole con, and screams at Lilly - making her walk out on the group. Lupus gets Jake to reconsider nixing the con, hinting that The King will torture and kill the grifters if the plan falls short. The con is back on, though now without Lilly's help. The plan starts smoothly enough, and the bribed bank VP wires the money to Gordo in Belize. Gordo brings the money to Ontario Airport, but he is met at the airport by both Agent Butan as well as The King and his men, as both sides are after the $5 million in a duffle bag. Butan arrests The King and confiscates the money. Gordo, who had the money taken from him, is nowhere to be found. Lupus, thinking the King now has the money, reveals he was the one who killed Jake's grifter friend at the beginning. Lupus holds Jake at gunpoint, but Jake is saved when Lupus is shot by Travis (Morris Chestnut), a henchman for Morgan Price. It turns out that when Lilly walked out, she went straight to Price himself and revealed the entire con, which was taking place that minute. Price told Travis to locate Jake and find out exactly how the con was engineered, as to stop such a thing from ever happening again. Travis takes Jake to an abandoned lot where Jake is forced to explain the entire story (hence the narration). At the end, a furious Lilly takes out a gun and kills Jake. Travis demands that he and Lilly both disappear immediately. Minutes later, Butan arrives in a car and Jake sits up from a pool of blood, unharmed. The final parts of the con are revealed. Lilly "quitting" was fake - set up to confuse Lupus. Butan is actually an old confidant of Jake's, and he managed to "confiscate" the money and arrest The King at the same time. Butan has the money and it's split five ways. Jake was wearing squibs to fake his own death in the lot. In the end, everyone was in on everything except The King and Lupus (the first marks) and Price and Travis (the second, bigger marks). As the team of four grifters reunites and celebrates, Jake and Lilly kiss.
tt0118883
Action,Mystery,Thriller
Jerry Fletcher (Mel Gibson), an obsessivecompulsive New York City taxi driver, visits his friend Alice Sutton (Julia Roberts), who works for the U.S. Attorney, at the Justice Department. She is trying to solve her father's murder. Jerry tells her that NASA is trying to kill the President using a secret weapon on the Space Shuttle that can trigger earthquakes. Jerry identifies some men on the street as CIA, follows them into a building, and is captured by them. He wakes up in a mental hospital bound to a wheelchair. A doctor (Patrick Stewart) tapes his eyes open, injects him with LSD, and interrogates him using torture. As the LSD kicks in Jerry remembers many previous sessions, which he sees as terrifying cartoons. In a fit of panic, Jerry manages to bite the doctor's nose and sufficiently incapacitate him long enough to escape, still bound to the wheelchair. He manages to shut himself in a laundry truck, escaping the premises. Jerry goes to Alice's office again and grabs a guard's gun, collapsing in Alice's arms. Alice visits Jerry in the hospital. Handcuffed to the bed and forced to enter a drug-induced sleep, he pleads with her to switch his chart with that of a criminal in the next bed or he will be dead by morning. In the morning, when Alice visits again, the criminal is dead, as he has suffered a mysterious heart attack during the night. The CIA, FBI and other agencies are there. She meets a mysterious CIA psychiatrist, Dr. Jonas. Meanwhile Jerry fakes a heart attack and escapes again, dropping himself down a linen chute. Jerry dresses up as a doctor and escapes the building. Jonas quizzes Alice over lunch; she explains that Jerry saved her from muggers once, so she tolerates him. In Jerry's hospital room she finds a copy of The Catcher in the Rye. As she discusses it with an FBI officer named Lowry, the CIA come and confiscate all of Jerry's personal items. Lowry offers to share information with her but she declines. The CIA cannot find Jerry. Alice goes to her car, and finds Jerry hiding in it. She stops the car and speaks with Lowry, who is tailing them, and then they go to Jerry's apartment where he tells her about his conspiracy theories and his newsletter. He has dozens of copies of Catcher. He feels compelled to buy it, but doesn't know why. They are interrupted when Jerry's alarm goes off, signaling the entry of a CIA SWAT team. Jerry sets everything on fire and they leave by his secret trapdoor exit. In the room below, there is a large mural on the wall, which features both Alice and the triple smokestacks of a factory near the mental institution. The pair go to Alice's apartment and he reveals he's been watching her through her window. She kicks him out. Outside, Jerry confronts Lowry and his partner staking out her place, and he warns them, at gunpoint, not to hurt her. He goes to a book store and buys a copy of Catcher. The CIA detects his purchase, and sends agents to catch him. Jerry sees their black helicopters with men rappelling down and goes into a theater. He yells "there's a bomb under my chair" and manages to escape during the resulting panic. The next morning, Alice has been calling each person who gets the newsletter, and they have all died that night except one. Jerry uses a ruse to get her out of the office, and then attaches cables from the CIA vehicle following her to a vendor's cart. On a bus they discuss more of his theories. In a subway station where one Herriman drowned in another conspiracy, she agrees to check the autopsy. He says he loves her and she rejects him. Alice goes to see the last surviving person on the subscription list, and it is Jonas. He explains that Jerry was an MK-ULTRA subject but the project was terminated - except for his research. Jonas shows her a photo of her father taken from Jerry's locker, and claims that Jerry went out of control and killed her father. She is crushed. Jerry sends Alice a pizza containing a message to meet him. Jonas gets her to agree to a homing device in the pizza box and Jerry drives her with the box across the Queensboro bridge. He has made previous arrangements that enable him to ditch the agents following them, leaving the homing device behind. As he drives her to her father's private horse stables, Jerry tells her that he can almost remember what happened and is taking her to where "the music is playing." Alice turns on her mobile phone so they can still track her. At the stables Jerry remembers that he was sent to kill her father (a judge who was about to expose Jonas's operation) but found he couldn't kill him. Instead they became friends and Jerry promised to watch over Alice before the judge was killed by another assassin. She admits she switched the charts in the hospital. The CIA arrive and capture Jerry. Jonas gloats but Jerry says, "you've never seen her run." Alice outruns the men; a sniper misses her, killing the last guy chasing her, and she escapes. Jonas tortures Jerry again. Meanwhile, Alice leads the FBI men (who are not actually FBI but from a "secret agency that watches the other agencies") to Jonas's office, but it has been entirely dismantled. Declining Lowry's help, Alice starts searching for Jerry. She realizes that a detail of Jerry's large mural is near a mental hospital and goes there. She bribes an attendant to show her an unused wing, breaks in through locked doors, and finds Jerry after hearing him singing through the ventilation ducts. As Jonas catches them, Lowry arrives with his men and attacks Jonas's men. Jerry attempts to drown Jonas but is shot once. In retaliation, Alice shoots Jonas dead. Alice tells Jerry she loves him as he is taken away in an ambulance. Some time later, Alice visits Jerry's grave, leaving his union pin upon it, before returning to horse riding. As she rides away, Jerry, Lowry and Flip watching her. Jerry is not allowed to contact her until they are sure they have rounded up all of Jonas's other subjects. He secretly lets her know he is still alive by placing his union pin on her horse's saddle and the film ends.
tt0184894
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Chon Wang is a Chinese imperial guard. After Princess Pei-Pei, for whom Wang has affection, is abducted and taken to the United States, the Emperor of China sends three of his guards to retrieve her. Wang is not among one of the three, but after he tells them that it was his fault the princess was kidnapped, he is merely sent in the hopes that the "foreign devils" would get rid of Wang. In Nevada, Roy O'Bannon is an outlaw who, with his gang, hijacks the train Wang is on. When Wallace, a member of Roy's gang, kills Wang's uncle, Wang chases the outlaws down. However, the gang is well-armed and Wang's only choice is to unhinge the cars and get away on the engine. In the process, Wallace takes over the gang from Roy, and they leave him buried up to his chin in the desert sand. Meanwhile, Pei-Pei, who was tricked into believing she was freely escaping her arranged marriage in China, finds out she has been kidnapped by an agent of Lo Fong, who ran away from the Forbidden City and was viewed as a traitor by the Chinese. When Wang finds Roy buried in the sand, he demands to know the direction to Carson City. Roy tells him that the city is on the other side of a mountain. Wang puts two chop sticks in Roy's mouth for him to dig himself out. When Wang comes out the other side of the mountain, he gets involved with a Sioux tribe by saving a boy chased by the Crow tribe and ends up reluctantly marrying the tribe chief's daughter, Falling Leaves. Wang finds Roy in a tavern and, in anger, starts a fight with him that turns into a barroom brawl. The two of them get sent to prison, and after Falling Leaves helps them escape, they become friends. Roy trains Wang in the ways of the cowboy. When they get to Carson City, Roy discovers that both he and Wang, now identified as the "Shanghai Kid" are wanted by Lo Fong's ally Marshal Nathan Van Cleef, and the two of them narrowly escape. They go to a bordello (which Roy describes as his "hideout"), but after a drunken encounter by Wang, the Marshal eventually catches and arrests them. They find out that Lo Fong is behind the kidnapping of the princess. As they are about to be hanged, Wang manages to break himself free and after Falling Leaves shoots Roy loose, they escape the execution site. Wang, upset over Roy previously telling one of the prostitutes at the bordello he was not Wang's friend, rides off alone to find the Princess. However, Roy follows him and the two reunite when Roy saves him from Fong. The next day, the two partners go to the ransom point, the Carson City Mission church. The three imperial guards arrive with the gold, and Lo Fong has the princess in hand. However, a simple exchange becomes complicated when Wang shows up and Roy points a gun towards Fong. Wang tells his fellow guards that he will not allow them to bring the princess back to China. As the Chinese and Lo Fong fight amongst themselves, Van Cleef arrives and engages Roy in a gunfight. After Roy is limited to one remaining bullet, Van Cleef simultaneous fires both of his guns but Roy shoots him in the heart. Wang fights the Imperial Guards whilst Lo Fong chases Pei-Pei through the rafters of the church. After Wang knocks all three Guards unconscious he fights Lo Fong to the bell tower. Wang ultimately kills Lo Fong by dismantling the bell causing it to hang Lo Fong. When they awaken, the Imperial Guards decide that they will let the princess stay. Wallace and his gang also come up to the church, and demand that Roy and Wang come out and fight. But when the two of them get outside the church to face Wallace, Natives from all around surround the gang. At a Chinese cultural celebration Roy thanks Falling Leaves for saving him and they engage in a passionate kiss. At the same time, Pei-Pei holds a smiling Wang's hand. Roy and Wang are shown as sheriffs and ride off to catch a new band of train robbers.
tt0113198
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Goofy (Bill Farmer) is a devoted single parent, but remains a source of constant frustration to his teenage son Max (Jason Marsden), who he continually embarrasses with his doting fatherly behavior and obliviously dorky antics. On the last day of school before summer vacation, Max is hopeful about his future and dreams about his crush, Roxanne (Kellie Martin). With the help of his best friends P.J. (Rob Paulsen) and Bobby (Pauly Shore), he makes one last dramatic stab at popularity by crashing the stage at the end-of-school assembly and re-creating a music video of the popular singer 'Powerline.' The live performance is cut short by Principal Mazur (Wallace Shawn) who takes all three boys to the office to await punishment. While Mazur interrogates Bobby and P.J., Max is approached by Roxanne, who was impressed with his performance. Roxanne's friend Stacy (Jenna von Oy) is hosting a party to watch the upcoming Powerline concert on TV, and Max nervously invites Roxanne to accompany him as his date. Roxanne happily accepts and Max is overjoyed. Goofy excels at his job as a children's photographer at a local department store, but worries about his strained relationship with his own son. Principal Mazur calls Goofy at work and tells him about Max's prank, exaggerating the facts to make Goofy believe that his son is falling in with the wrong crowd, and that Goofy should keep an eye on Max "before he ends up in the electric chair." Goofy's gruff co-worker Pete (Jim Cummings), who is also P.J.'s father, advises Goofy to take Max on a fishing trip to "strengthen the bond between father and son." Goofy excitedly plans a road trip to Lake Destiny, a boyhood tradition he had shared with his own father. Max comes home in a fantastic mood, having won the attention of Roxanne and the respect of his classmates. He is confronted by his father, who gleefully tells him of the planned fishing trip, which will take up most of the summer. Max is horrified, as it will cause him to miss the party and his date with Roxanne. He tries to resist, but is forced into the car by his obliviously happy father. Max begs to make a quick stop at Roxanne's house and begins to tell her about the fishing trip, but changes his story, claiming that he and Goofy are going to the Powerline concert and will appear onstage with him. Roxanne takes the bait and excitedly tells him to have a good time. Max is immediately filled with anxiety about how he will back up his lie. Goofy is so ecstatic to be spending time with his son that he does not notice Max's overt misery. As the long day of driving comes to a close, Goofy takes Max to a bizzare tourist attraction, Lester's Possum Park, which features an animatronic possum puppet show. In view of the other patrons, Goofy embarrasses Max at a whole new level and Max's anger finally explodes. Goofy is hurt and confused as to why his son is so hostile. The next day Goofy attempts to take Max fishing at a campground, and they encounter Pete and P.J. who are camping in a massive RV. Pete's parenting style is a sharp contrast to Goofy's. P.J. is conditioned to strict obedience to his father. Pete tells Goofy to be firmer with Max, reasoning that "if you keep them under your thumb, they won't end up in the gutter." Goofy finally shows some backbone and orders Max to get his fishing gear and come to the lake with him. Goofy demonstrates the "perfect cast," a fishing maneuver passed down through the Goof generations. He inadvertently hooks Bigfoot (Frank Welker) on the end of the line, and he and Max are forced to take shelter in their car as the creature trashes the campsite and their luggage. Max and Goofy patch things up with each other, and Goofy falls asleep. Max thinks about his lie to Roxanne, and, despite the guilt he feels about deceiving his father, changes the route on the map so it leads to Los Angeles and the Powerline concert, rather than Lake Destiny. The next morning, Goofy bequeaths the map to Max, naming him "official navigator" of the trip, while remaining unaware of the alterations Max had made. Max is allowed to choose all the stops along the way, and he and Goofy genuinely enjoy each others company at baseball games, beaches, and theme parks. They stop at a motel for the night, once again running into Pete and P.J. Pete is suspicious of the sudden change in Max and Goofy's relationship, and overhears Max telling P.J. about the altered map. Pete warns Goofy that Max is not being truthful, and tells him to check the map. Goofy at first defends his son, but is shocked when he looks at the map and sees that Pete was correct. Goofy is saddened and angered by Max's lie, and finally confronts him. A huge argument ensues, during which their car rolls off a cliff and into a river. Max and Goofy fall in as well, and climb onto the roof of the floating car. They assure each other that, despite their differences and frustrations, they will always love each other. To their horror, they see they are heading for a huge waterfall and are unable to keep the car from going over and their camping gear spilling out. Max is saved by the tent, which acts as a parachute, but Goofy falls into the fog below. Max grabs a fishing rod and desperately performs the "perfect cast" his father had taught him. He manages to hook Goofy's pants and pull him to safety. Back on the road, Max explains his situation with Roxanne, and how he has no way to cover up his lie. To his surprise, Goofy promises to get Max onstage with Powerline at the concert to fulfill his promise to Roxanne. They arrive just as the concert begins, sneaking backstage as they have no tickets. While they evade security, they accidentally tumble onstage. Powerline (Tevin Campbell) is startled, but continues his performance along with Max and Goofy. Max's friends back home see him on TV and Roxanne is delighted. Goofy and Max finally return home, with their car virtually destroyed. Max asks to stop by Roxanne's house so he can come clean. He humbly explains how he had lied to her before he left because he was afraid she would cease to like him if he did not keep up the charade. Roxanne assures him that she had already liked him. Max shyly kisses her on the cheek. The car explodes on the street, sending Goofy flying and crashing though Roxanne's porch roof. Max proudly introduces his father to Roxanne.
tt0164181
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Tom Witzky (Kevin Bacon) is a phone lineman living in a working-class neighborhood in Chicago with his pregnant wife Maggie (Kathryn Erbe) and his son Jake (Zachary David Cope), who possesses the ability to commune with the dead. At a party one evening, Tom challenges Maggie's sister Lisa (Illeana Douglas), a believer in paranormal activity and psychic telepathy, to hypnotize him. After putting him under, Lisa plants a post-hypnotic suggestion in Tom urging him to "be more open-minded." Tom then begins experiencing visions of a violent scuffle involving a girl who he later learns is Samantha Kozac (Jennifer Morrison), a 17 year-old that disappeared from the neighborhood six months prior. While Tom and Maggie attend a high school football game, Jake is overheard by his babysitter, Debbie Kozac (Liza Weil), as he speaks with Samantha. Debbie gets upset and snatches Jake, running off with him in the night. Meanwhile, Tom senses Jake is in danger and rushes home but finds him gone. Tom then sees strange flashes of red light that eventually leads him to the 'L' station where Debbie is speaking with her mother about Jake. When Tom and Maggie confront her, Debbie angrily questions them about her sister Samantha, explaining that she had an intellectual disability: having the mental capacity of an 8 year-old and thus, a child's tendency to trust strangers. Tom denies knowing her to Debbie, but admits to Maggie that she's the girl in his visions. Tom becomes obsessed with Samantha and begins probing members of the community about her disappearance. This attracts the attention of his landlord Harry Damon (Conor O'Farrell), Tom's friend, Frank McCarthy (Kevin Dunn) and their respective sons Kurt Damon (Steve Rifkin) and Adam McCarthy (Chalon Williams), who all dismiss Samantha as a runaway teen. During an afternoon walk, Jake and Maggie encounter a funeral where Chicago policemen are saluting in a ceremony; here a policeman named Neil (Eddie Bo Smith Jr.) immediately recognizes Jake's unique talent and invites Tom to a private gathering of like-minded people to learn more about what is happening to his son. Maggie withholds her conversation with Neil from Tom and goes to the meeting herself where Neil tells her the spirit that contacted Tom has asked for something and will continue to get upset if it doesn't get done. As predicted, Samantha begins plaguing Tom, eventually leading to his insomnia. He goes back to Lisa demanding she undo what she did, but when she hypnotizes him he's told by the spirit to dig. Tom complies and begins digging holes in the backyard and eventually tears up the house in a desperate attempt to appease Samantha. While Maggie and Jake attend her grandmother's wake at a relative's house, Tom inadvertently knocks down a shoddy brick wall in the basement and discovers Samantha's decomposed remains wrapped in a plastic sheet. He receives a vision showing him that before his family moved in, Adam and Kurt lured Samantha into the house to rape her. When she resisted, they unintentionally suffocated her and hid her body. Tom brings Frank back to the basement to disclose to him the crime and Frank breaks down and admits that Adam and Kurt had already confided their secret to him and Harry. Frank pulls out a gun and demands to be alone. As Tom leaves the basement, he hears a single shot and assumes that Frank committed suicide. Harry and Kurt suddenly show up and Harry, in his capacity as landlord, voices displeasure with the torn up house. They corner Tom with the intention of killing him to silence him, but Maggie arrives back home and Harry takes her hostage. Frank suddenly emerges from the basement and fatally shoots both Kurt and Harry in order to save Tom and Maggie. Tom then notices Samantha's spirit putting on her glasses and coat, smiling as she walks down the road and disappears. Afterwards, the family packs up a U-Haul and moves out of the house. Meanwhile, Samantha's mother and sister are finally able to give her a proper funeral and burial. Tom and Maggie smile happily as they drive away but Jake, however, tries to cover his ears to drown out the sound of the overlapping voices in his head.
tt0218967
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Jack Campbell is a single, wealthy Wall Street Executive living the high life in New York City. He is in the midst of putting together a billion dollar merger and has ordered an emergency meeting on Christmas day to ensure its success. Family clearly has no meaning for him. In his office on Christmas Eve, he is surprised to hear that his former girlfriend, Kate, tried to call him after many years. After reminiscing a bit, he walks into a convenience store where a lottery contestant, Cash, barges in saying that he has a winning ticket. The store clerk believes that Cash is lying and refuses to give him his winnings. Cash pulls out a gun and is about to shoot the clerk before Jack offers to buy the ticket from him, thus averting disaster. He and Cash settle their business deal outside and he arrogantly offers to help Cash before going to sleep in his penthouse. The next morning, on Christmas Day, Jack wakes up in a suburban New Jersey bedroom with Kate and two children. Shocked and confused, he hurries back to his office and condo in New York, but not even his closest friends recognize him. Confused, Jack runs out to the street and encounters Cash, who is now driving Jack's Ferrari. Cash explains that Jack is experiencing a glimpse of an alternate universe in order to learn a lesson. What that lesson is unknown and is personal to Jack's life. Jack realizes that he is living the life he could have had if he had not gone to London to study and become an investment banker but had stayed in the United States with his then girlfriend. He instead has a modest family life, where he is a tire salesman and Kate is a non-profit lawyer. Jack struggles to fit into the role of a family man, making many serious blunders such as missing opening Christmas presents, flirting with a married woman and forgetting his anniversary. Very soon, Jack's young daughter realizes his secret and decides to assist him in surviving his new life. He begins to succeed in his life, bonding with his children, falling in love with his wife and working hard at his dull job. He suddenly finds himself being offered a contract to work at the very same investment firm from his real life, having impressed the Chairman of the firm with his business savvy when he came in for a tire change. His old mentor once again gladly offers him a job, while a formerly sycophantic employee is instead in Jack's old position, with an assertiveness he did not possess as a subordinate. While he is wowed by the potential salary and other complimentary extreme luxuries, Kate argues that they are very happy where they are and that they should be thankful for the life they have. Just as Jack is finally realizing the true value of his new life, he sees Cash again (now a store clerk) and demands to stay in this life, but, though sorrowful of Jack's situation, Cash informs him there's nothing he can do. So, his epiphany jolts him back to his wealthy yet as he now realizes, lonely and unfulfilled former life on Christmas day. In desperation, he forgoes closing his $130 billion pharmaceutical acquisition deal to intercept Kate (who had left the message the day before). He finds her moving out of a luxury townhouse. Like Jack, she also focused on her career and became a very wealthy lawyer. Furthermore, she had only called him to give back some of his old possessions. Before she moves to Paris, he runs after her at the airport and describes the family they had in the alternate universe in an effort to win back her love. Shocked but intrigued, she agrees to a cup of coffee at the airport, suggesting that they might have a future after all.
tt0305711
Comedy,Romance
The film opens with Tom and Sarah in the airport. A few months earlier, Tom Leezak (Ashton Kutcher) and Sarah McNerney (Brittany Murphy) meet up when Tom accidentally hits Sarah with a football. A few months later, despite opposition from Sarah's rich, uptight family, they get married. However they each have a secret: Tom doesn't want Sarah to know that he accidentally killed her dog, and Sarah doesn't want Tom to know she slept with Peter Prentiss (Christian Kane). Tom and Sarah decide to honeymoon at a classy hotel at the foot of the Alps. On their way there, they attempt to join the Mile High Club, but fail when the captain turns on the Fasten Seatbelt sign and they are forced to return to their seats. They arrive at the hotel and discover that Tom's friend Kyle left them a present: the Thunderstick A-2000, a sex toy. Tom tries to plug the toy into the socket, but the plug isn't built for a European outlet and he shuts down the entire village's electricity when he tries to force it in. The newlyweds leave the hotel after Tom has a heated argument with the hotel owner. While trying to find another hotel, they crash and get buried under a heap of snow, but they are able to climb out in the morning. Eventually, they get a ride from a truck driver and end up staying at a pensión in Venice. The pensión turns out to be very bad, and they soon check out after Tom discovers a cockroach on his neck while the couple are attempting to make love. They manage to secure a nice hotel with the financial help of Sarah's father, who demands that Tom pay the money back as soon as he can. The next day they go sightseeing in Venice, but Tom quickly gets bored and they decide to split up for the day: Tom going to the bar to watch sports and Sarah continuing to see Venice. Sarah realizes that Peter Prentiss is staying at her hotel. This prompts her to initiate a conversation with Tom in which he reveals that he accidentally killed her dog and she reveals she slept with Peter. The couple storm out of the hotel and each go their separate ways: Tom going to the bar, where he meets a girl, and Sarah going sightseeing again, where she meets Peter. The girl begins to flirt with Tom and the two end up dancing. When Tom realizes she wants to have sex with him, he makes an excuse and escapes through the bathroom window. He goes back to the hotel, only to find out that Sarah is with Peter. This prompts him to go back to the bar, where he meets the girl again, and the girl clearly wants to have sex with him. Tom tries to think of a clever way to get out of this and agrees to walk with the girl to her hotel, except the girl tricks Tom into revealing his hotel, and in a desperate attempt to go to bed with him, falsely says she's at the same hotel. She tricks Tom again at the hotel and says she's lost her key and needs to call the front desk, Tom all the while trying to avoid this situation. Once in Tom and Sarah's room, the girl rips off her top and bra and tries to have sex with Tom, while Tom does everything possible to get away. As she is mounting him and trying to make out with him, Tom blurts out that he's married, and the girl finally leaves. Peter convinces Sarah to go with him for a drink, promising her a ride home. He eventually takes her home and kisses her, but she slaps him and tells him that she's on her honeymoon. Tom sees the kiss but does not see her slap him and assumes that Sarah is having a relationship with Peter. This prompts him to initiate an argument with Sarah, during which she finds a bra that the girl who Tom was with left behind. Sarah throws an ashtray at Tom, hitting him in the head and enraging him. Peter bursts into the room and tells Sarah to run away with him to Seattle. Tom arms himself with a fire poker and starts shouting at Peter, breaking things in the process. Peter runs away, asking the maître d' to call the police. Tom chases Peter out of the hotel where Tom gets arrested, and he and Sarah end up in a prison cell. Peter bails them out and this time the couple, angry at each other, decide to go home to Los Angeles. The film switches to the present, where Sarah has moved out and Tom wants to get back together with her. Upon receiving advice from his father (Raymond J. Barry), Tom attempts to break into Sarah's family's household to tell her that he loves her, but gives up after unsuccessfully trying to ram the gate with a car after unsuccessfully trying to convince her family to open it. However Sarah opens the gate herself after seeing Tom make a romantic speech to the camera, and the two rush out to proclaim their love for each other. Sarah's family also finally accepts Tom, with her father telling her to go to him after she opens the gate. The film ends with the couple recounting events from the honeymoon and Sarah's family finally approving of their marriage and people from town knowing everything about it. There is also the chance for some interviews after the marriage has been confirmed by the priest who married Tom and Sarah.
tt0166813
Animation,Adventure,Drama
Spirit (Matt Damon) is a young stallion who leads the Cimarron herd. He enjoys his freedom, as when he races with an eagle, but he also remembers his responsibilities, as when he saves two foals from being attacked by a cougar. One night he sees a campfire in the distance and goes to investigate, despite his mother wanting him to stay. When he reaches the camp, horses tied nearby encourage him to leave, but he wants to know who's there. His nosing causes the men to wake up and chase him, eventually catching him as his mother and herd watch from a nearby cliff. His mother tries to go to him, but he urges her and the herd to flee, which they do. Spirit is taken to an army fort, where he defies all their efforts to brand, shoe, and break him. He and a Colonel (James Cromwell) have taken an instant dislike to each other, so the Colonel orders Spirit to be tied to a post for three days with no food or water. While he is tied, a young Lakota brave named Little Creek (Daniel Studi) is brought in and tied to another post. That night, his friends throw him a dagger, which he conceals from the soldiers as they file out at dawn on the third day. The Colonel himself attempts to ride Spirit, who, despite his best efforts, cannot throw him and appears to give up, exhausted. The Colonel is very pleased with himself and rides Spirit around the corral, boasting. But Spirit is merely regaining his strength and, in a final show of defiance, grabs the reins, breaks the saddle, and tosses the Colonel off his back. The Colonel is furious and attempts to shoot Spirit, but Little Creek cuts himself free and shoves the gun away. The two then escape, taking all the other horses with them in the process. Once free, Little Creek calls his own horse, a beautiful paint mare named Rain, and jumps onto her. Spirit is momentarily distracted and is caught again, this time by the Lakota. At the Lakota's camp, Spirit is puzzled by Rain and Little Creek's relationship, wondering why a horse would ever accept a human. After a failed attempt to ride Spirit, Little Creek ties Spirit and Rain together and lets them loose. Spirit thinks he's free and starts to run off but Rain stands firm. He relents and lets her show him around her world, falling for her in the process, but still longing to be free. He starts to respect Little Creek too, although he still won't let him on his back. Little Creek finally realizes that no one should ever ride Spirit and sets him free, knowing that the wild is where he belongs. Spirit is ecstatic and immediately finds Rain, wanting her to come with him. But even though she loves him, she feels a kinship with Little Creek and wants to stay with him. While they are together, the Colonel and his men attack the Lakota camp and Rain leaves to help Little Creek, with Spirit hot on her heels trying to stop her. After losing sight of her for a moment he finally spots her, with Little Creek on her back, running toward the Colonel, who levels a gun at them. Rain rears and is shot, with both her and Little Creek falling into a raging river. Little Creek clings to a rock and is almost shot as well, but Spirit rams the Colonel's horse, saving him, and the two share a brief look before Spirit runs off to save Rain, who has been swept away by the current. Although he reaches her, he cannot swim against the rapids and the two are swept over a waterfall. Spirit survives and finds Rain lying on a bank, barely alive. He stays with her all night and is captured by the army again in the morning. They leave Rain, believing that she's not going to make it, and she is found by Little Creek. Little Creek is amazed that Spirit saved his life and pursues the train he is loaded on. Spirit is despondant and on the verge of giving up when the swirling snow outside the car reminds him of his herd and he realizes that he can't give up and must get back to them. Spirit and other horses are used by the railroad to move a steam engine up a steep mountain. Coming over the top, Spirit realizes that the railroad tracks are headed directly towards his homeland and that he must escape and stop them. Thinking quickly, he pretends to faint and, once he is released from his harness, frees the other horses. The engine tumbles down the mountain and smashes the railroad's base, with Spirit barely managing to outrun it. He thinks everything is all right until he realizes that the explosion started a forest fire. He runs but finds a large log in his path. He clears it, but a chain that was still around his neck catches on a branch and he is helpless until Little Creek appears and cuts him loose. The two escape the fire by jumping off a cliff into a river. The next morning they have a joyful reunion which is cut short by the Colonel and his men finding them. Little Creek urges Spirit to run but he doubles back and pushes Little Creek onto his back, much to his surprise. Spirit runs into a canyon and they manage to evade their pursuers, only to find themselves on a high plateau, the only way out being across a deep gorge. Spirit harnesses all his strength and makes a spectacular leap, flying across the chasm to safety. The soldiers arrive on the plateau and one of them attempts to shoot Spirit, but the Colonel grabs the gun. He and Spirit exchange nods of respect before the soldiers leave. The two friends celebrate and Spirit allows Little Creek to ride him back to the Lakota camp. Upon arriving, Spirit is saddened because he does not see Rain, but Little Creek whistles and she appears, perfectly well. Little Creek says goodbye to Rain, realizing her place is with Spirit. He asks Spirit to take care of her, addressing him as "Spirit-who-could-not-be-broken". Although he has waited for this moment for a long time, Spirit finds the goodbye harder than he thought. He and Rain travel to his homeland and find his herd, and his mother, safe and sound. They gallop off, with Spirit and Rain in the lead, as the camera pans up to reveal horse-like clouds running across the sky.
tt0190865
Action,Adventure,Drama
In a mountain range in the Southwestern United States, veteran mountain climber Royce Garrett (Stuart Wilson) is traversing a cliff base with his son, Peter (Chris O'Donnell), and daughter, Annie (Robin Tunney). Amateurs above them lose their footing and endanger them all, eventually causing all three Garretts to hang precariously from a cable that cannot support their weight. Royce orders to Peter to cut the rope, sacrificing himself to save his children. Years later, Peter has retired from climbing and is a wildlife photographer. Annie has become a renowned mountain climber, but resents Peter for cutting the rope. When his assistant is injured, Peter shows up at base camp as Annie attempts to climb K2 in the Pakistan province of Gilgit-Baltistan, the world's second highest mountain, which is very dangerous to climb because of the tough conditions which await at the summit. Complicating matters further is the war between Pakistan and India, which has limited the expeditions support and resources. The expedition is funded by wealthy industrialist Elliot Vaughn (Bill Paxton) who is also going to climb, with the help of his friend Tom McLaren (Nicholas Lea). There is a huge party the night before the climbers begin the trek, which is briefly interrupted by an eccentric, Montgomery Wick (Scott Glenn), who warns that none have ever conquered K2, and none will. Vaughn is introduced to Peter, whom he asks to accompany them on the trip, but Peter instantly refuses. As the expedition progresses, the base discovers a potentially devastating ice storm, which could endanger the expedition, but they cannot say with 100% certainty. Tom suggests that they return to base. Vaughn refuses, deciding to play the odds. The winds begin to wreak havoc. Annie, Vaughn, and Tom fall through a patch of ice and become trapped in a crevasse. Annie radios back to base using Morse code and Peter learns of Annie's plight. Due to the seriousness of the cave-in, the rescue party realizes that they may need explosives to blast a hole for a rescue. But the only explosive that they can get their hands on is old nitroglycerin in leaky canisters. Few climbers are willing to consider the trip. Peter manages to assemble a rescue mission with the base's best climbers including brothers Cyril and Malcolm (Steve Le Marquand and Ben Mendelsohn), Monique Aubertine (Izabella Scorupco), Kareem Nazir (Alexander Siddig) and Skip Taylor (Robert Taylor). However, the day before the rescue mission goes underway. Skip and Peter also go visit Montgomery, reported to be the world's best climber and foremost expert on K2. Wick reluctantly accepts after some serious convincing, and it is implied that there is bad blood between him and Vaughn. Skip is unable to go as Wick says he needs him on the ground directing the mission. To maximize their survival odds, Wick decides to pair the strong climbers with the less experienced: Malcolm and Kareem (much to Malcolm's dismay), Monique and Cyril, and Peter and Wick. They each split up and take different entry points up the mountain with the hope that diversifying their explosives will increase the chances of at least one pair getting through if another has an accident with the unstable Nitro. Cyril constantly "flirts" with Monique (much to her dismay). Malcolm and Kareem have awkward conversations which Malcolm points to wanting to complete the mission faster. Monique and Cyril enter trouble when Cyril loses his balance and clings to the side of a cliff. After Monique secures her harness to him, the peak cracks and Monique also falls over the edge and the nitro falls from Cyril's backpack and creates a huge explosion that the other teams notice. Cyril is able to climb back up, however, while he cheers arrogantly lowering a harness for Monique, they both hear a rumbling noise. The explosion and crackling has in fact started an avalanche and is heading straight for Cyril. Cyril, unable to do anything watches and screams helplessly as the avalanches swamps him and subsequently throws him over the edge off the peak. Monique, still hanging onto the edge, manages to survive and get back onto the peak. She then radios in and informs base that Cyril has been killed, but orders them not to tell Malcolm yet. Back at the station, nitroglycerin, used to clear rock formations etc., comes into contact with the sun and reacts and subsequently explodes, completely dumbfounding the crew. Base tell the groups to get their cases of nitroglycerin into the shade to avoid an explosion. Monique teams up with Peter and Wick and they successfully manage to avoid a calamity. Malcolm and Kareem just manage to get the nitroglycerin, but the can containing it leaks and it is exposed to the sun, killing both of them in the explosion. Monique, Wick, and Peter witness the explosion. Meanwhile, underground, Annie begins to suffer from pulmonary edema, when water begins to form inside of the lungs, and she will die unless given medical attention. Tom is in a more severe state, with his leg and ribs broken. Vaughn is the only one unharmed and possesses the medical kit. Annie pleads with him to use dexamethasone (colloquially referred to in the movie as "Dex") to save Tom and herself, but Vaughn declines, unwilling to waste it on a "lost cause". More to the fact, Vaughn doesn't want to die and believes he and Annie have the best chance of survival. During the trek the next day, Monique comes across a woman's body frozen in the ice that has been uncovered due to the second explosion. As she gets closer, Wick instantly recognizes the body and tells Monique not to touch her; it is his own wife, Mayama. After Wick collects a ring and an empty box that contained "dex" from his wife's body, he tells Peter that Elliot Vaughn is responsible for his wife's death. Vaughn's story from his first disastrous climb on K2 detailed that the "dex" was swept away, but Mayama always kept it on her person, meaning the empty box proves Vaughn used it for himself. Knowing that Vaughn's story is a fraud and that he contributed to the deaths of other climbers, Wick plans to kill him on the mountain and warns Peter that his sister ought to watch her supply very carefully. Peter and Monique begin to grow close and there is some mild flirtation as Peter helps her set bones on her broken finger; moreover, they talk about her relationship with Skip, for Peter to find out that it's mostly professional, and not romantic, as he had once thought. Meanwhile, in Annie's camp, as night comes Vaughn gives himself some dex, then kills Tom by sticking Tom with the syringe, full of air to save remaining dex for himself. Annie radios Peter and tells him that she won't survive much longer and that he should save himself and turn back; he and Monique instead continue on their own early while Wick is sleeping. Wick wakes up to see them gone and Peter and Monique, having continued trekking up the mountain, soon find the place where Annie and Vaughn are imprisoned. They use the nitroglycerin to create a hole, enabling access to the survivors. As Peter attempts to rescue Annie and Vaughn, the harness begins to loosen but Wick arrives and secures it. Wick descends into the cave and harnesses Annie again, and though a weakened Vaughn thinks he is about to attack him, Wick attaches a harness to him as well, and along with Peter (with Monique towing the rope), they manage to pull Annie up with Wick and Vaughn still harnessed underneath. As they pull Annie up a clump of snow is dislodged and Annie, Peter, Wick and Vaughn are all left hanging with just Monique supporting all their weight. With Vaughn below him, Wick understands they cannot be pulled up and calmly cuts the rope. Recovering at base camp, Annie reconciles with Peter, who finally pays his respects at a memorial for those killed on K2, including the Wicks, Kareem, his cousin Ali, brothers Cyril and Malcom, guide Tom McLaren..
tt0264616
Crime,Drama,Thriller
(some of the following content first appeared on realmoviereview.com) Fenton Meiks (Matthew McConaughey) walks into an FBI office late one evening and announces that he has information about a serial killer known as the God's Hands Killer that he will only give to the lead investigator. When Agent Wesley Doyle (Powers Boothe) arrives, Meiks says the killer is his brother, Adam, who has just died. Fenton is cool and distant, and Doyle is obviously skeptical. Fenton admits to stealing his brother's body and an ambulance, to fulfill a promise to bury him in the "rose garden", and Doyle confirms this story by calling a small town sheriff's office. Fenton does not answer Doyle's direct questions about why Fenton knows Adam is the killer. Instead, he begins a long, involved tale about his family history. The small family of auto mechanic Dad (Bill Paxton) and two boys has survived the loss of their mother. Twelve year old Fenton (played by Matt OLeary) is cooking meals and supervising his younger brother, Adam (played by Jeremy Sumpter). In the middle of one night, their father wakes them to say he's received a message from God. An Angel appeared to him, saying that they (Dad and the boys) have been selected to be God's Hands and cleanse demons from the world. He's been told to wait, and God will provide weapons and more information. Adam is excited about being a crime-fighting superhero, but Fenton is alarmed, asking if Dad just dreamt it or imagined it. Dad is sure it was real, but admits he doesn't know how it will all work, and admonishes the boys to keep it secret. He says if they tell, "someone will die." Fenton's hopes that the idea will go away are dashed by subsequent events. Dad is drawn to ordinary-looking items by a beam of light from above, and proudly bears them home as weapons provided by the Angel: an axe, some gloves, a length of pipe. One night Dad comes home excited, showing a list of names the angel gave him in another vision. Fenton still can't believe this is happening. Dad states that these are not people, they are demons, and destroying them is God's will. Fenton hears a sound another night, and looking outside sees Dad carrying a wrapped body over his shoulder. Dad summons both boys to the shed out back, where he drops the woman, alive. She has tape over her mouth, and her hands and feet are tightly bound. Dad removes the gloves, as he's realised that touching a demon with his bare hands will reveal its true nature. He fearfully reaches towards her. When Dad's hand contacts her arm, his body stiffens and he seems electrified, shaking rapidly with an horrified expression. Dad, sure now that she is a demon, takes the axe and swings it high in the air toward her, and there's the sound of it striking home. Dad digs a grave in the rose garden behind the house. Fenton is crying that Dad has killed someone, while Dad is only sad that Fenton could not see her demon nature. Adam insists that he was able to see it, but Fenton says Adam is just lying. At times during this tale, Agent Doyle has pressed the adult Fenton for answers, which he does not always give. Fenton offers to prove it, to show him the rose garden where the bodies are buried. Doyle has him put on cuffs and get in the secured back seat of a car, and begins driving to the site. Fenton continues to tell the tale in response to Doyle's questions. Dad acquires a van and they seek out their next target, an older man who is walking into a grocery store. Dad explains that even in broad daylight, God will protect them from being seen. Dad forces Fenton to take part in the ruse to capture the man: pretending to call a dog out from under the man's car. As Dad knocks the man out, Fenton runs away crying, but cannot sum up the courage to tell the police and turn Dad in for murder. Dad assigns Fenton to dig a massive pit in the backyard, and charges him to pray, to accept God's will for their family's work. Fenton angrily digs for days, refusing gloves for his bleeding hands, and does not find spiritual comfort. They board the sides of the pit and add a roof, then slide the shed on top of it, creating a small cellar ... aware of its purpose, Fenton calls it a dungeon. When the next victim is brought, Fenton refuses to use the axe and flees, running to tell the sheriff what is happening. The sheriff pretends to agree to check, then brings Fenton home to Dad. The sheriff and Dad scoff at the story, but Fenton insists despite Dad's warning glances. Fenton brings the sheriff to the dungeon ... and Dad kills him. Then Dad vomits and cries that Fenton has made him a murderer, because he wasn't supposed to tell. Fenton says Dad is already a murderer, but Dad insists his other victims weren't people and had to be destroyed. As punishment, Dad locks Fenton in the cellar until he is in contact with God. After the first week, Fenton tells Dad there is no God. As his confinement continues, he begins to hallucinate. When he becomes unresponsive, they bring him out, and Fenton smiles and tells his father that he has seen God and understands his purpose now. Fenton is serene and confident as they go to the home of their next victim, a nasty man who is abusive towards his wife. They knock him out and bring him home. Dad performs the bare-handed touch ritual, and nods to Fenton to destroy this demon using the axe. Fenton raises it in the air .... and swings the axe sideways into Dad. Dad falls backwards across the room, the axe blade in his chest. Shocked, emotions race across his face. Adam runs to him, and Dad whispers in Adam's ear before he dies. Fenton turns to the prisoner on the floor and rips the tape from his mouth. The man cries out in warning as Adam runs towards them and swings the axe, completing Dad's intention. Fenton and Adam are burying their father and the demon in the rose garden. Fenton asks Adam to promise that "when you destroy me, you'll bury me here". Adam vows to do so. Agent Doyle expresses confusion - why did Adam promise Fenton to bury him there, when it is Fenton that has confessed to keeping a promise by burying Adam in the rose garden? The man known to us as Fenton Meiks reveals that he has concealed his identity, that he is actually Adam, and has buried his brother Fenton that night. Doyle suddenly realises he has put himself in danger, alone in a garden of graves with a killer. They struggle - and Doyle is knocked to the ground, wounded. As Adam touches him, horrible visions flash past - Agent Doyle killing his own mother with blood spattering everywhere, Dad's first female victim lying in bed with a man whose throat is cut, the older man luring a little girl with candy, then pulling her lifeless body from his car ... The last vision is of the real Fenton's death, at his brother Adam's hands. There is no struggle, they both have accepted the inevitable. Back in the present, Adam swings the family axe, then digs a new grave. At the FBI building the next day, those seeking the missing Agent Doyle are surprised to find that all of the security camera footage of "Fenton" is scrambled and distorted, so that his face cannot be seen. They travel to the real Fenton Meiks' house, and find his body, along with a list of his victims. The last name on the list is Wesley Doyle. One agent is sent to the small town sheriff's office that received Doyle's call at the beginning of the Meiks' interview. The secretary summons the sheriff - a neatly uniformed Adam Meiks. As he leaves, he tells Adam they wanted him to know about his brother before word got out to the press. Adam shakes his hand firmly, then holds on a bit longer, to the agent's confusion. Adam nods and says, "You're a good man." The secretary walks out and stands behind Adam, saying, "Praise God."
tt0356618
Drama,Mystery,Sci-Fi
Telly Paretta (Julianne Moore) had a son killed in a plane crash with 10 other kids on the way to camp fourteen months previously. Telly is seeing a psychiatrist, Dr. Jack Muncie (Gary Sinise). Telly spends time at a dresser every day reminiscing. Her psychiatrist suggests she has to let go. The images of her son start disappearing. Her husband, Jim Paretta (Anthony Edwards), says this is good -- that she is coming back to reality after being delusional. The psychiatrist explains her son was delusional memories manufactured after a miscarriage. He recommends she be sent to a hospital. Telly insists her son was real. Telly goes to Ash Correl's (Dominic West) apartment to convince him that her son, Sam (Christopher Kovaleski), and his daughter, Lauren, played together. Telly finds a children's painting under his office wallpaper. Ash turns her in to the police. NSA Carl Dayton (Robert Wisdom) intervenes. Ash begins to remember his daughter, and decides to help Telly escape the agents. The NSA pursues both Telly and Ash, but they escape, reunite and discuss alien abduction. The NSA pursues and loses them again. Detective Ann Pope (Alfre Woodward ) wonders why the NSA is interested in missing kids. NSA agents meet Ann. The psychiatrist proposes a partnership with Ann to catch Telly. Telly and Ash go to a country cabin and catch Al Petalis (Lee Tergesen) who indicates that the agents are merely helping "them" and it is for the protection of humankind. He mentions an experiment before the roof is ripped from the farmhouse and he disappears, presumably taken by them. Ann visits this country cabin after Telly and Ash have fled. The only evidence left behind is a note written on the window by Ash and Telly, explaining their children were abducted and pleading for help. Telly remembers that the airline her son was flying on that crashed was Quest Air. She and Ash check out Quest Air, which is closed down and being audited by an accountant appointed by the courts. They go on to the former CEO's house which is empty. Ann, still on their trail, follows them to the CEOs house. Ann sees a man at this house, and orders him to freeze. When he doesnt, she shoots him, but his bullet wounds heal within seconds. Ann then realizes Telly was telling the truth. She catches up to Telly before she flees again, and tells her she believes her and will help her find her son, when suddenly Ann gets sucked up into the sky. Ash and Telly leave together, and track down the strange man from the CEOs house. Ash attacks him, and the two struggle for a moment before Ash thrusts backward knocking both of them out the window together. Telly rushes to the window in time to see Ash get sucked up and the strange man disappear. The psychiatrist finds Telly and takes her to the airport where the strange man is waiting. Telly then realizes the psychiatrist has been in cahoots with this man -- who seems to be an alien -- all along. The psychiatrist tells her that the government monitors the aliens trials- aware that they have no power to stop 'them' from doing whatever they want to do. The psychiatrist tells the alien man to finish the experiment and the alien says its not over and walks away. Telly pursues him and demands her son back. He tells her to imagine he is there. She then sees Sam behind the alien and tries to run to him, but he runs away and disappears around a corner. Telly chases him around the corner and runs into the alien who again insists that Telly forget her son. Telly realizes at this experiment was not about the children -- it was about the parents. The alien explains that the connection between parent and child is so strong as to be almost unbreakable. Almost. Every other parent in the experiment had forgotten their children except Telly. He says Telly must forget or experiment fails. The alien begins to choke her, and tells her to remember the first moment she ever saw her son when he was born. She does, and he steals the memory from her. She falls to the ground. The alien asks her the name of the boy she is looking for, and she replies, What boy? The alien looks triumphant and begins to walk away. Telly sits up and thinks about being pregnant, which causes her to remember again. She then, once again, demands the alien return her son Sam to her. The alien panics for a moment and says he needs more time for the experiment before being sucked into the sky. Telly runs home and finds Sam in a nearby park. Telly meets Ash, again, in the park, where each of them are watching their children. Everything is back to normal.
tt0290095
Action,Comedy,Sci-Fi
Jimmy Tong (Jackie Chan) is a taxi driver notorious for his speed and ability to get his customer anywhere in the least amount of time, usually without too many illegal methods. His reputation soon lands him a job as the personal chauffer of the mysterious but wealthy Clark Devlin (Jason Isaacs). Jimmy does not really know what his new boss' job is, but Devlin's friendly nature, imperturbable demeanor, and willingness to offer Jimmy advice wins Jimmy over and the two become pals. Jimmy has no idea that Devlin is a spy and when an attempt to kill Devlin partially succeeds, sending Devlin into a coma, Jimmy ends up accidentally wearing a rather unusual tuxedo of Devlin's. The tuxedo is a gadget capable of granting its wearer special abilities (including martial arts, the ability to dance, active camouflage, and being able to walk on walls) which Jimmy must use to stop the terrorist group responsible for Devlin's hospitalization. He joins genius scientist, Del Blaine (Jennifer Love Hewitt) to stop them. At first, she thinks Jimmy is irritating, but in the end when he saves her and the world, he and Del Blaine go for a coffee together. Ultimately Jimmy gives up, but discovers that Clark had a tuxedo made for Jimmy himself as he believed Jimmy could be a great agent. Using his own tuxedo, Jimmy defeats the villains in the end.
tt0219699
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
Set in the fictional town of Brixton, Georgia, young widow and mother of three young boys Annie Wilson (Cate Blanchett), is the town fortuneteller. The town is abuzz with the disappearance of Jessica King (Katie Holmes), fiancée of Wayne Collins (Greg Kinnear), the school's principal. As the search for Jessica begins, the local police and Jessica's father, Kenneth King (Chelcie Ross), enlist Annie's help to see if she can solve Jessica's disappearance. Annie is unable to produce a vision, largely due to the presence of Sheriff Pearl Johnson (J. K. Simmons), who looks upon Annie's trade unfavorably. Annie later receives a vision that Jessica has been murdered and her body weighed down by a chain and thrown into a pond. She also sees a fiddle player, white lilies, and a split-rail fence. She goes to Sherrif Johnson with her findings, and with the information, Johnson decides to search a pond on the property of violent alcoholic Donnie Barksdale (Keanu Reeves), whose battered wife, Valerie (Hilary Swank), gives permission to search their house as Donnie is away fishing. Donnie returns while the search is proceeding. As the police are ready to give up on the search, they find the naked and chained body of Jessica King. Donnie is immediately arrested. During his trial for Jessica's murder, it is revealed that Jessica and Barksdale had an affair, and Jessica's reputation for promiscuity is exposed in court. The case against Barksdale is strengthened when a scratch on his forearm is proven to have been perpetrated by Jessica during a confrontation at a local bar. Annie also takes the stand, and though her psychic testimony is ridiculed by skeptic defense attorney Gerald Weems (Michael Jeter), Donnie is eventually convicted and sent to prison. A subplot reveals other examples of Annie's "gift". Buddy Cole (Giovanni Ribisi) harbors an intense hatred for his father, and consistently has fits of seemingly unprovoked rage, including incidents with Annie -- one of Buddy's only friends -- and with Donnie Barksdale. Buddy tries to explain to Annie why he hates his father, but Annie is preoccupied and doesn't want to listen to the panicky and vulgar Buddy. He asks her, "If I look into a blue diamond, will I die?" but doesn't elaborate. Unable to understand the question, Annie shrugs Buddy off. Soon after, Buddy's hysterical mother calls Annie to come over, as Buddy has snapped and has his father bound to a chair. Buddy sets fire to his father, and as Annie tries to stop him, he shows her a blue diamond tattoo on his father's navel. It is revealed that Buddy's father took advantage of his son's fragile mental state to force him into fellatio. An ambulance takes Buddy's father away, while Buddy is taken to a psychiatric hospital. Later, Annie receives another vision saying that Donnie is innocent. She asks District Attorney David Duncan (Gary Cole) to reopen the case. Duncan refuses, but Annie counters that she will reveal Duncan's own involvement with Jessica King, as Annie had caught them making out in the women's restroom at a local dance. Duncan offers her money to keep quiet, but Annie refuses, still wanting justice for Barksdale. Annie tells Principal Collins that Barksdale is not responsible for his fiancée's death and that D.A. Duncan will not reopen the investigation. After driving out to the pond that night with Collins, Annie realizes that Collins is the murderer. He confesses to Annie that he was angry after he discovered that she was cheating on him with nearly every man in town. Knowing that she'll go to the police, Collins attempts to kill Annie. Just as he is about to land a fatal blow with a steel flashlight, Buddy Cole shows up and knocks Collins out. Sitting in the car at the pond, Buddy, uncharacteristically calm, returns a handkerchief that Annie had loaned him earlier, and tells her that she is the heart and soul of the town and not to stop doing what she's doing. The two drive to the police station with Collins stowed in the trunk. Annie tells Buddy that he will have to return to the hospital, and he waits in the car while she goes inside to talk with Sheriff Johnson. When Annie explains to Johnson what happened at the pond and that Buddy saved her life, the sheriff informs her that Buddy Cole had hanged himself at the hospital earlier that day. She returns to her car to find Buddy gone. However, Annie still has her handkerchief that Buddy's ghost returned to her.
tt0315983
Crime,Drama
The movie begins on a foggy night with a young woman sitting on a widow's walk. Below, ambulances are leaving the house. A police officer asks if she is Kathy Nicolo. On the day it all began, Kathy was awakened by a 6:00 a.m. phone call from her mother, who lives on the east coast. Kathy lies and says her husband is there when in fact he left her six months earlier. After revealing that Kathy's brother's wife is pregnant, her mother says she is coming to visit friends in two weeks and will drop in. This is unwelcome news. The house is a mess, with unwashed dishes in the kitchen and unopened mail spilling across the floor. Suddenly there is a sharp knock at the door. Outside, Kathy sees two police officers and two other men. She is informed that the house is being seized for non-payment of a business tax and that she must vacate the property at once. Stunned, Kathy tries to explain that she inherited the house from her father and there is no tax owed. But the tax office has sent her several notices, none of which she opened. One of the police officers tells her that unless she moves her belongings out, they will be auctioned along with the house. He advises her to call friends or family to help her move. But there is no one to call. The officer takes pity on her and introduces himself as Lester Burdon. He knows of some movers who owe him a favor. He sends the other officer for cardboard boxes so they can help her move. By the end of the day, Kathy's belongings are in storage and she gets a room at a cheap motel. She is a house cleaner and cannot afford anything nicer. Colonel Massoud Behrani was forced to flee Iran with his family. He and his wife Nadi have two children, Soraya and Esmail. They are all American citizens now. Soraya is being married and her parents throw her a lavish wedding. With that out of the way, Behrani must begin saving money for his son's college education. No one knows that he works two menial jobs to support his family. By day he is a highway worker and at night he works in a convenience store. He has saved money and plans to invest in a house he can fix up and sell for more than he paid. In the newspaper he sees an advertisement for the auction of a seized property. It is the house taken from Kathy Nicolo. Behrani attends the auction and buys the house for a fraction of what it is worth. He is advised to add a widow's walk to increase the resale value. Kathy's visit to Connie Walsh, a lawyer, doesn't go well. Clearly there has been a mistake. She recalls signing a paper months ago that she owed no tax, but since she didn't open her mail she was unaware of any problems. Kathy is stunned to learn that the house has already been sold. Connie says she can sue the county but that would take months. Or their office can contact the owner and ask if he would be willing to sell the house back to the county for what he paid. Kathy is adamant that she must have the house back in two weeks for her mother's visit. Connie warns her to let them handle it and on no account approach the owner. Nadi does not want to move but Behrani gives her no choice. She is reminded of the time back in Iran when he cut down several beautiful trees at their summer home so they would have a better view of Caspian Sea. Kathy drives to her former home and is outraged to see the widow's walk being constructed. She orders the workmen to stop but they tell her to speak to the owner. Then Kathy steps on several nails and cuts her foot badly. The workmen help her to the door. Nadi is kind to her and bandages the foot. Her English is not good so Kathy doesn't really explain why she is there. Reporting all this to Connie results in a letter to Behrani, explaining the mistake and requesting that he vacate the house at once rather than later. Behrani is outraged and pays Connie a visit. He has had the house appraised and its current market value is $174,000. If the county wants to pay that amount, he will sell the house back. But he will not sell it for what he paid for it at auction. Kathy is in her storage unit when Lester drops by. He is off duty and in the area, so he decided to check on her. They go out for drinks, although Kathy explains that she is a recovering alcoholic. She brings Lester up to date on what is going on with her house. He is sympathetic and gives her his direct line at the station. The motel owner tells Kathy that her credit card was declined and she must leave. Wearily, Kathy asks if it could wait till Friday when she will get paid. The answer is no and Kathy is now forced to live in her car. She is already drinking again and now she starts smoking. Lester comes to the rescue and installs her in a nice motel room. They begin an affair after he leaves his wife and children, which he has been wanting to do for a long time. The widow's walk is finished and Behrani is showing the house to prospective buyers. Then Kathy pulls up in the driveway. Behrani lies and says she is there to pick up some tools left behind by her construction worker boyfriend. He grabs her arm and forces her back in the car. As she drives off, she yells that the house is stolen. The buyers decide that they are no longer interested. Soraya and her husband are back from their honeymoon. Behrani and Nadi host a party for them on the widow's walk. Kathy and Lester drive by and are disgusted by the merrymaking. Lester squeals the tires as they make a u-turn and leave. Even though they are in Lester's car, Kathy feels Behrani's eyes on her. Lester and Kathy move to a fishing camp owned by one of his friends. There is no electricity or running water so they use lanterns and a gas stove. He notices the bruise on Kathy's arm where Behrani grabbed her and decides to do something about it. After putting on his uniform but removing the name tag and whatever else might identify him, they drive to Behrani's. When Behrani comes to the door, Lester identifies himself as Officer Joe Gonzalez. He tells Behrani that it is illegal to post a sign on a telephone pole, as Behrani did when he advertised the house for sale. Lester then attempts to intimidate Behrani by asking if he is in this country legally. Behrani identifies himself as an American citizen. Esmail and Nadi come out of their rooms in time to hear Lester threaten to deport the family unless Behrani sells the house back to the county. After Lester leaves, Nadi angrily asks Behrani what he has done. The quarrel escalates and he slaps her. Esmail helps her out of the room and Behrani spends the night alone. Lester returns to his car where Kathy is waiting and tells her it is obvious that Behrani isn't just off the boat. The next day, Behrani goes to the police department and reports Lester to Internal Affairs. He remembers that Lester was wearing an unusual pin, one with two pistol barrels crossed and the letters FTO. Since there are only eight field training officers on the force, Lester is easily identified. It is his day off and Lester has gone home to see his wife, who has told the children that their separation is only temporary. The phone rings and it is Internal Affairs, ordering Lester to come in at once. Meanwhile, Kathy is back at the camp waiting for him. When he doesn't come, she decides he has reconciled with his wife. She goes to the Behrani home and tells Nadi everything. Nadi is very sympathetic and promises to talk to her husband. Behrani arrives just as Kathy is leaving. In a fury, he grabs her and shoves her into her car, shouting that she is nothing and to tell her idiot deputy that his superiors know what he did. Kathy drives away and calls her brother from a phone booth, intending to ask for his help but he cuts her off. She then goes to a liquor store, where she purchases several bottles. She decides to burn the house down. If she can't have it, then neither can Behrani. After filling a gas can, she opens the trunk and sees Lester's gun belt. She takes the gun and leaves the gas can sitting on the sidewalk. Behrani looks outside and sees Kathy once again parked in his driveway. He runs out and starts yelling until he sees the gun. Kathy is aiming it at her head, sobbing wildly. He takes it away from her and carries her into the house. He and Nadi put her in Esmail's room to sleep it off. Lester goes to the camp and finds the meal Kathy had prepared for them still on the table. He realizes she must have gone to the Behrani home and might be in danger. Meanwhile, Kathy has gone into the bathroom and swallowed Nadi's pain medication. When Nadi realizes what she has done, she makes Kathy throw up the pills. Behrani and Nadi are in the process of getting her back to the bedroom when Lester breaks the kitchen door down. He charges in and seizes the gun, which was left on a table. Holding the family at gunpoint, he demands to know what they have done to Kathy. Esmail explains about the pills and produces the empty bottle. There is nothing to do but let her sleep off the effects. While she is sleeping, Lester orders the family into the bathroom and locks the door. They remain there the entire night. By morning Behrani has come up with a plan. He offers to sell the house back to the county, then give Kathy the check in exchange for her signing the house over to him. Kathy wakes up and Lester sees she is fine. He tells her of the offer made by Behrani but Kathy is skeptical. She asks several times if they can't just leave. But Lester points out that she will need money to make a fresh start. Over her protests he leaves, taking Behrani and Esmail with him. Earlier he unloaded the gun and gave Kathy the bullets to keep. The Beharnis do not know they are being held hostage with a useless gun. Behrani tries to get Lester to allow Esmail to wait in the car but he won't. Keeping the gun hidden, Lester marches them toward the county office. He is very nervous at seeing a number of police officers about. Then a rookie cop stops him to thank him for all he learned by riding with Lester. The trio start up the steps leading to the county offices. Suddenly Behrani grabs Lester and yells at Esmail to get the gun, which he does. It was Behrani's intent to hold Lester captive while Esmail got help. But the plan fails. Esmail is confused when officers draw their weapons and order him to drop the gun. When he doesn't, they shoot him in the chest. Behrani drops to his knees and cradles his son, wailing aloud. An ambulance arrives and takes Esmail to the hospital, while Lester and Behrani are taken into custody. Covered with his son's blood, Behrani prays aloud that the boy will live. Lester confesses to everything and Behrani is cleared. He runs all the way to the hospital, but Esmail has died. After saying a tearful goodbye to his son, Behrani returns home. Meanwhile, Lester is booked into the nearest jail. He tries to call his wife but she doesn't answer. Nadi falls ill with a headache and goes to bed. Kathy then leaves the house and drives to the pier. She stays there for a while. When Behrani arrives home, Nadi is just waking up. He cannot bear to tell her about Esmail. After changing his blood-soaked shirt, he brings her a cup of tea laced with an fatal overdose of medication. She drinks it and soon dies. Behrani then dresses himself in his Iranian colonel's uniform and puts a plastic bag over his head. Lying next to his wife, he commits suicide by suffocation. Kathy returns to the house and finds the bodies. She rips the plastic from Behrani's head and performs CPR but it is too late. She realizes it is her fault and curls up on the bed. Eventually the police come. The movie ends with Kathy answering the officer's question. Yes, she is Kathy Nicolo. He asks if this is her house and she says no.
tt0388125
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Maggie (Cameron Diaz) and Rose Feller (Toni Collette) are sisters with nothing in common but their shoe size. They were raised by their father Michael (Ken Howard) and stepmother (Candice Azzara) after their mother died in a car accident. Rose is the eldest; a plain and serious lawyer who is protective of Maggie despite her flaws. Maggie is a free spirit who is unable to hold a steady job (due to her virtual inability to read) and turns to alcohol and men for emotional and financial support. Rose grudgingly allows Maggie to move in with her in her Rittenhouse Square, Philadelphia apartment when their stepmother throws her out of the house. Their already difficult relationship ends, however when Rose catches Maggie in bed with Jim (Richard Burgi), her boyfriend. Maggie subsequently disappears from Rose's life. A few days before, while secretly looking through her father's desk for money, Maggie discovers a bundle of old greeting cards containing cash. She is astonished to discover that the cards are addressed to both her and Rose and are from their grandmother Ella (Shirley MacLaine). Now, homeless and without job prospects, Maggie travels to Delray Beach, Florida to find her and hopefully a new source of income. When Ella first hears from Maggie, she invites her to stay in her home, partially out of guilt for abandoning her responsibilities as a grandmother. However, as time passes, Ella discovers that Maggie has come to do nothing but sunbathe and take money from her. Maggie asks Ella to finance an acting career for her; Ella agrees to match her salary dollar-for-dollar if she accepts a job with the assisted living section of her grandmother's retirement community. Meanwhile, Rose has decided to quit her job, become a dog-walker, and date Simon Stein (Mark Feuerstein) whom she had previously ignored. They become engaged. Maggie befriends one of her patients, a blind retired professor of English literature (Norman Lloyd), who has asked Maggie to read works of poetry to him. She does so, but with great difficulty. After asking if she is dyslexic, the professor encourages Maggie to continue reading to him while offering emotional support to her. Maggie finds a friend in the professor, the first person in her life who does not ridicule her difficulties with reading (and actually helps her to improve in this area). As time passes with the professor, Maggie's confidence grows not only with reading but with her general image of herself. In addition, she also becomes friendly with the residents of the retirement community. In doing so, Maggie discovers a livelihood that is greatly needed among the elderly women: a personal clothing shopper, an activity for which Maggie shows enormous talent. Ella (who also does not ridicule her difficulties with math) offers to run the financial aspects of the business. In the process, they become close and resolve their past history. Ella has also secretly contacted Rose and sends a plane ticket asking her to come for a visit. Rose is excited to hear from her long-lost grandmother, but her pleasure quickly sours when she arrives and discovers that her sister already lives there. Long conversations with Ella reveal that their mother's car accident was an act of suicide (their mother struggled with a mental disorder and refused to take her medication). Ella never recovered from her death and never resolved her feelings towards her granddaughters, whom she felt contributed to her daughter's difficulties. The three women bond and learn to resolve their complicated past. At Rose's wedding, Ella also reconciles with Michael and Maggie reads a poem to Rose as a wedding gift.
tt0410097
Crime,Drama,Music
DJay (Terrence Howard) is a streetwise hustler and Memphis pimp with a stable of 3 girls, Shug (Taraji Henson) who is pregnant and not working, Lexus (Paula Jai Parker) who works in a strip club, and Nola (Taryn Manning) who works out of DJay's old beat-up car in a back alley. Even with two girls working and DJay selling dirt-weed on the side, it is hard for them to make ends meet. The utility company is about to shut off their utilities, if they don't pay the bill. DJay feels that he has hit rock bottom, and he needs a change in his life. A bum trades him a Casio keyboard for some weed, and DJay takes it home. While playing the keys, DJay gets an inspiration to write rap music. He begins to write down his pimping style raps, his flow, in a little notebook while Nola is turning tricks. DJay runs into Key (Anthony Anderson), an old friend and sound engineer, who takes him to a church choir performance that reaches DJay's soul. DJay looks inside his soul and decides to get out of the business, and now he has a dream of becoming a rapper. DJay teams up with Key to make a demo song. Skinny Black (Ludacris) is a platinum selling rapper about to return to Memphis for the 4th of July. DJay believes he can hustle Skinny to hear his tape, and his dream will come true. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) ----------------------- A Memphis pimp attempts to launch a career as a rapper.
tt0198021
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Seventeen-year-old, seven-months-pregnant Novalee Nation (Natalie Portman) sets off on a road trip from Tennessee to California with her ignorant, ne'er-do-well boyfriend, Willy Jack Pickens (Dylan Bruno). In Sequoyah, Oklahoma, Novalee asks Willy to stop at a Wal-Mart so that she can use the bathroom and replace her shoes, which had fallen out the bottom of their beat-up car. When Novalee reaches out for her change at the checkout, the sum of $5.55 sends her into a panic, as she believes that the number 5 is a bad omen, as when she was 5, her mother left her for a baseball umpire; and when she was waitressing, a customer went berzerk and cut her arm from wrist to elbow, and it took 55 stitches to close the wound. She runs outside to discover that Willy has taken off without her. For the rest of the afternoon, Novalee browses Wal-Mart, where she meets Sister Husband (Stockard Channing), who runs the Welcome Wagon in town. Sister Husband mistakenly believes Novalee to be her long-lost relative Ruth Ann, and she gives her a buckeye tree and a welcome basket. Novalee also meets photographer Moses Whitecotton (Keith David) who later becomes her mentor. That evening, Novalee feels unwell and runs into the bathroom to vomit. When she comes out again, she discovers that the store is closed, locked, and dark. She soon figures out how to live undetected in the Wal-Mart. Novalee visits the town library and meets Forney Hull (James Frain), who works there while caring for his sister "the librarian", an alcoholic. Novalee learns from Sister Husband that Forney was attending Bowdoin College in Maine, where he was studying to be a history teacher before he had to leave school to care for his sister. Novalee goes to Sister Husband's house and explains that she is not Ruth Ann. Nonetheless, Sister Husband invites her in for cornbread and buttermilk, and Novalee plants the buckeye tree in Sister's yard. Back in the Wal-Mart, Novalee wakes up during a thunderstorm when she starts feeling pain in her abdomen. Her water breaks, and while attempting to mop it up, she goes into labor. As she collapses, she notices that she is in Aisle 5, so she makes a big effort to move to the next aisle. At this moment, Forney (who saw her go into the store at closing time) jumps through a plate-glass window and helps deliver her baby. The next morning, Novalee wakes up in the hospital, where she learns she has become a minor celebrity for giving birth in a Wal-Mart. After being asked by her nurse, Lexie Coop (Ashley Judd) what she will name her baby, Novalee replies Americus, following Moses's advice to name her a strong name. Novalee gets to know Lexie, who reveals that she has had four children by three different men, all named after snacks: Brownie, Praline, Cherry, and Baby Ruth. While in the hospital, Novalee gets a visit from her mother (Sally Field), whom she has not seen since she was a child. Her mother asks if she has a place to live. Novalee says no, and her mother says that pooling their cash, they can get an apartment together. She hands over all her money, $500, to her mother, who promises to pick her and Americus up at 9:00 a.m. the next day. At 12:15 p.m. Novalee is still waiting, and realizes that her mother took her money, leaving her destitute and homeless. Just then, Sister Husband comes by and invites Novalee and the baby to live at her house, as "she does not know how to take care of the buckeye tree". Meanwhile Willy Jack is in prison but trying to make it as a country singer, after being arrested for dating a young teenager who robbed a 7-11, and hired by music agent Ruth Meyers (Joan Cusack). Back at Sister Husband's house, an evangelical couple from Midnight, Mississippi come to "show the Wal-Mart Baby the word of God", but Sister Husband slams the door on them. Novalee and Forney are getting Christmas trees when Forney recalls that Americus is five months old, sending Novalee into a panic about her unlucky number and racing home to find out that Americus has been kidnapped. Sister Husband tells a police officer about the church folks that came to her house from Midnight, Mississippi. Novalee recalls that while in the hospital, she was reading cards that people sent her, and that one from Midnight, Mississippi said her baby was an abomination to the Lord. They follow the police cars to the outside of a church, where they find Americus in Baby Jesus's manger. Five years later, Novalee has begun a career as a photographer with the help of Moses Whitecotton. One day a tornado blows through the town. Novalee and Americus hide in an underground shelter, but Sister is out running an errand and does not make it back in time. Sister Husband is killed and their home is destroyed. After the funeral, one of Sister Husband's friends informs Novalee that she is the beneficiary of Sister's estate, worth around $41,000, which Novalee uses to build a new home for herself and Americus on Sister's land. One day, Novalee receives a call from Brownie, Lexie's eldest child. Novalee cannot hear what he is saying, but eventually perceives that something bad has happened. She goes over to Lexie's house, where she finds Lexie, Brownie, and Praline covered in blood and bruised. Novalee invites Lexie and her now five children to live with her and Americus in their new house. Lexie tells Novalee that her new boyfriend had tried to molest her two oldest children, Brownie and Praline, when Praline threw up on him, whereupon Lexie returned home from work early and caught him before he got to Brownie. Lexie attacked him, hitting him twice before he knocked her out. Lexie is at first devastated, but as time passes she and her children begin to heal, and she eventually marries the ordinary yet reliable Ernie the Exterminator and has another child. When Forney's sister passes away due to alcoholism and he does not show up at the funeral, Novalee finds him in a hotel and comforts him. They end up sleeping together, after which he tells her that he loves her; she doesn't reply. Forney returns to Maine to bury his sister, and the townspeople remark on how he can finally leave town and have a life. When he comes back, he talks about visiting Bowdoin, and Novalee realizes that he can now finish his education. Forney tells Novalee he loves her and wants to stay with her, but Novalee lies, saying she does not love him, and he leaves. On Americus's 5th birthday, Novalee is paranoid about her party because of unlucky five: When Americus was five days old, she had jaundice; at five weeks old, she had an ear infection; at five months old, she was kidnapped). Meanwhile, Novalee picks up a newspaper and reads about a double amputee being robbed of his wheelchair. The amputee proves to be Willy Jack, who lost his legs when he got drunk after being sued for copyright infringement for his hit song. While drunk, he kept hearing Novalee's voice talking about Americus; then he tripped on train tracks and was hit by an oncoming train. During his singing career, he just missed running into Novalee when he entered an elevator with his agent just moments after Novalee exited the other elevator on her way to accepting an award for a photograph. Novalee visits Willy in the hospital and tells him about her life. He admits that he lied to her when he told her that he didn't feel the baby's heart beat the day he left her. He says he wishes he could go back and undo the lie, because a single lie can change your whole life. He explains that people lie because they're "scared, crazy, or just mean". Novalee realizes that she made a similar mistake lying to Forney. She drives Willy Jack home to Tennessee and then continues on to Maine to find Forney. Novalee admits to him that she lied and that she really loves him, and they return to Oklahoma to get married in a Wal-Mart.
tt0446046
Drama,Music
Pierre Dulaine (Antonio Banderas) is a renowned professional ballroom dancer, who teaches ballroom dancing at his Manhattan dance studio. After seeing a car being vandalized by a student outside an inner-city high school, Pierre Dulaine walks into the school to talk to the Principal (Alfre Woodard). She has no time for him and to get rid of him she throws him a challenge, that he could make a difference by working with her worst students. Pierre Dulaine accepts the challenge and volunteers to teach ballroom dancing to a variety of students that have been sent to detention. The students are very skeptical of Pierre Dulaine, especially, when they find out that he wants to teach them ballroom dancing. All they know is hip-hop dancing. Dulaine's commitment and ability to change and adapt dance moves, eventually bring the student to his side. Together, they create a new style of dance and enter a major ballroom dance competition in New York City. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0331632
Adventure,Comedy,Family
In Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed, the teenage detectives of Mystery Inc., Fred (Freddie Prinze Jr.), Daphne (Sarah Michelle Gellar), Velma (Linda Cardellini) & Shaggy (Matthew Lillard), must fight their former antagonist that are brought back to life by a new nemesis, the Evil Masked Figure. At the grand opening of the Coolsville Museum, the Evil Masked Figure releases the recreated Pterodactyl Ghost (flying reptile). The gang tries to capture the reptile, but it flies out the window with the Evil Masked Figure in tow, because Shaggy and Scooby forget to tie the rope. The gang embarks on an investigation of how this reptile came to life. Shaggy and Scooby go on their own to prove that they are real detectives and not mess-ups. The gang discovers that the Evil Masked Figure has built a machine that was used to regenerate the reptile, and he is about to bring back other monsters such as the Black Knight, Captain Cutler's Ghost, and the 10,000 Volt Ghost. The Evil Masked Figure wants to destroy the reputations of the detectives at Mystery Inc. and take over Coolsville. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0367479
Action,Comedy,Crime
After the Sunset begins with master thieves Max Burdett (Pierce Brosnan) and his beautiful accomplice, Lola Cirillo (Salma Hayek), retiring to Paradise Island in the Bahamas after one last big score, having lifted the second of the three famous Napoleon diamonds. Their financial future is set, their career in crime a thing of the past. However, Stanley Lloyd (Woody Harrelson), the FBI agent who has spent seven years doggedly pursuing Burdett, only to be foiled time after time, refuses to believe their retreat into domesticity. After a few months, Lloyd shows up, accusing Burdett of hiding out in the same place where a cruise ship is displaying another large rare diamond, the third of a set of diamonds that he stole. He thinks the two are planning to lift the third Napoleon diamond, one of the three largest non-flawed diamonds in the world. When the two adversaries meet up in paradise, Burdett unwittingly turns the tables and befriends the frustrated detective, showing him the pleasures that Paradise Island has to offer. Lloyd, out of his element, adapts quickly to the easy-going Caribbean lifestyle. Despite his pleas of innocence and placing Lloyd in first-class accommodations to show how he doesn't need to steal anything, Burdett's curiosity gets the better of him and he starts casing the ship. However, not only does Lola suspect that he's ready for one more job, so does the local thug, Henri Mooré (Don Cheadle), who threatens Burdett to steal the diamond for him. Burdett pretends to work with Mooré, even giving him a fake plan as to how he would steal the diamond (which he earlier related to Stan). Stan teams up with local police officer Sophie (Naomie Harris) to catch Burdett, and tails him to Junkanoo, a local parade, where Max loses him, warning that he shouldn't tail so closely. Stan and Sophie then have sex, and Lola kicks Max out after realizing his activities. Max is forced to bunk with Stan, and they share their thoughts about each other's lives. The next morning, the authorities and Sophie discover them, revealing that Stan's FBI license is suspended. After a night of drunkenness on Stan's part, the two come up with a plan to get Sophie and Lola back, involving a scuba diving trip. Mooré's man attempts to steal the Napoleon diamond, providing a diversion for Burdett to steal it himself. He cuts off Stan's air supply to confuse the others, then returns saving him. On land, Sophie gets the call about the diamond being stolen. Stan and she angrily leave, while Lola prepares to leave. However, she is stopped by Mooré, who threatens to kill her if Max doesn't tell him where the diamond is. Fortunately, Stan and Sophie arrive and shoot him. Lola is nevertheless unfazed, and leaves Max anyway. After spending the night alone in their home, he realizes he wants her back, and catches her just before she leaves, proposing with "the only diamond I ever bought". The next day, Max meets with Stan, who tells him he was never drunk, and entails how he let Max do all the work while he later recovered the diamond. Max concedes that his nemesis has won this time, and is simply happy to live out his life with Lola. However, he has fun with Stan by remote controlling his car once more, promising Lola it is the last time.
tt0338096
Drama,Music,Romance
The movie begins with Katey (Romola Garai) narrating on how she ended up in Havana to a montage of postcards and Havana sights. Her father, mother, and sister are riding in the car with her to a fancy hotel. Katey explains that Castro is leading a revolution against the current government of Cuba, but everyone at the hotel seems at ease. At the hotel pool Katey finds her sister sitting with some other Americans, including James (Jonathan Jackson), who introduces himself as the son of her father's boss. At this point the waiter, Javier (Diego Luna), arrives with the drinks and Katey accidentally knocks the tray over. One of the girls calls him a derogatory name and tells him to get more drinks. Katey feels bad and tries to talk to Javier, but he is not interested. Katey watches a movie of her mother and father dancing and wishes she was as good as they were. She and her father dance a bit. The next day in class Katey is asked to read aloud from The Odyssey and it is a passage about love and passion (foreshadowing!). After class James asks Katey to a party at the country club and she agrees. While walking home from school she sees Javier dancing at a street party and he offers to walk her home. They stop to listen to a street band and police show up, stopping Javier while Katey runs away. The next day Katey tries some of the dance moves she saw. Javier sees her and asks her to come see the real dancers Saturday night, but she says she is already going to the country club. Javier gets upset and leaves. Katey wears one of her maid's sexy dresses to the party and impresses James. Katey convinces him to take her to the Cuban club where Javier is dancing with the ladies. Javier dances with Katey while James sits at the bar. Soon he is accosted by Javier's brother, who tells him that they will eventually kick the Americans out of Cuba. Javier comes over and argues with his brother. James takes Katey back to the car and tries to seduce her, she refuses and runs away. Katey goes back to the club and Javier agrees to walk her home. The next day Katey walks by a dance class in progress and sees Patrick Swayze (gasp!) teaching it. He asks if anyone wants to enter the big dance contest and then dances with Katey for a bit. She grabs a flyer for the dance. While walking to the pool, James apologizes to her and then tells her that Katey's sister saw Javier with her and got him fired. Katey argues with her sister and goes to find Javier. He is now working at a chop shop with his brother. She asks him to enter the dance contest with her, but he refuses. Meanwhile, it is becoming apparent that Javier's brother is helping the revolutionaries. The next day Javier shows up at Katey's school and agrees to enter the dance contest with her. They start teaching each other dance moves and Javier convinces her to "feel the music". They practice all the time, Katey dances some more with Patrick Swayze (gasp!), until it is the night of the dance. They dance with the other couples on the floor and are chosen to go on to the next round. Katey's parents, however, disapprove of her relationship with Javier but Katey reconciles with them. On the night of the final round of the contest, while Katey and Javier are on the dance floor, Javier sees his brother and some revolutionaries disguised as waiters and the police soon try to arrest them. The contest stops as everyone flees the club and Javier has to save his brother from the police. Javier and his brother talk about how they miss they dad, then they hear that Batista has fled the country and join the celebration. Later, Javier comes to the hotel and finds Katey. He takes her to the beach and they do the horizontal mambo. The next day Katey's parents tell her they are leaving Cuba and she has one last night with Javier. They go to the Cuban club where they first danced and the floor is theirs. Katey's family is there to see her and Katey narrates that she doesn't know when she will see Javier again, but this will not be their last time to dance together.
tt0202470
Drama,Music
The story opens with a rock musician and singer, Chris Cole, being interviewed. He recalls his early days in music, when he lived in Pittsburgh and was the lead singer of a band called Blood Pollution, a cover/tribute act that performed songs by an infamous heavy metal band called Steel Dragon. While a member of Blood Pollution, Chris was also a singer in a local church choir and had a pretty girlfriend, Emily Poule, who managed his band. Chris also worked as a photocopier technician. Chris and his compatriots go to a Steel Dragon concert. In the parking lot they paper every car in sight with flyers for their next gig. At the show, Chris and his friends have stage-side seats. They are refused backstage passes by the bands live manager, Mats. During the performance, Chris mildly annoys Dragon's lead singer, Bobby Beers, by singing along with the songs as well or better and louder than Beers himself. Following the show, Chris and his bandmates return to their car and find a flyer for their rivals, another Steel Dragon tribute band called Black Babylon. The members of Black Babylon have callously replaced Blood Pollution's flyers on every car. The two bands face off in the parking lot and fight after trading insults. At a Blood Pollution practice session (which they hold in the basement of a porn theatre), Chris and his guitarist, Rob Malcolm, argue over the manner with which they'll play a Steel Dragon song live. Chris obsesses over a specific guitar riff and Rob can't understand why. The band plays a gig in a steel foundry. The show goes well until Chris notices that Rob is once again defying the singer's wishes and reinterprets a guitar part. After an initial warning from Chris, Rob begins to solo wildly in defiance. Chris casually picks up a microphone stand and smashes Rob's amplifier head, disabling it. Rob tackles Chris onstage and the two fight. Emily, at the soundboard, calls it a night and encourages the audience to buy the band's merchandise on the way out. A few nights later Chris shows up for band practice and sees that his fellow members have invited Bradley, lead vocalist for Black Babylon, to the session. Bradley has also brought updated equipment. Rob tries to explain his side, saying that Chris has become impossible to work with due to his obsession with playing only Steel Dragon songs and his demanding perfectionism while playing them live. Chris also refuses to write his own material and accept any of the band's original compositions as well. Chris becomes furious and leaves, saying he'll never return to the band. When Rob asks Emily to stay on as their manager, she refuses and leaves as well. In the car outside, Chris discusses the incident with Emily, who tells him something better will come along. The next day Chris receives a phone call from Kirk Cuddy, guitarist and founding member of Steel Dragon. Chris is incredulous at first, even hanging up on Kirk. Kirk patiently calls back and is able to convince Chris of his identity and even plays a clip of Chris singing at a recent gig over the phone. The video of the gig was given to Cuddy by two of Blood Pollution's groupies. Kirk tells Chris to come to Los Angeles and meet him. Chris goes to LA with Emily. They are met by Kirk's personal assistant, Tania, who takes them to Kirk's mansion. Chris and Emily meet the band and Kirk offers Chris a chance to audition for the lead singer spot in the band. At that moment, Bobby Beers bursts into the studio and begins an argument with Cuddy. Cuddy points out that Beers missed most of the shows on the last tour and has missed several recording sessions. Beers, in a moment of dramatic revelation that shocks Chris, argues that he's being thrown out of the band for being gay. Eventually, Beers storms out of the studio after removing a wig revealing his real hair is short. Chris sings one of Dragon's songs, has a few false starts and watches the band confer inside the control room. After a few moments, he's offered the position. He adopts the stage name "Izzy." During his first show with the band, Chris quickly wins the respect of the crowd, opening with "Blood Pollution" one of Chris' favorites & a song the band hasn't played in a decade. Chris takes a nasty spill while descending the stage's elaborate staircase, however, he continues to perform admirably. At the wild party thrown after the show, Tania seduces both Chris and Emily. Chris discovers the next morning that Tania is a transvestite. When the band packs up to travel to their next gig, Emily isn't allowed to travel with Chris on the tour bus and is relegated to riding with the band members' girlfriends and wives in a limousine. As they trail the bus, the girls tell Emily that the band often cavorts with groupies on the bus. Emily holds her opinion that Chris would never betray her and the girls scoff. One goes to so far as to say that she has a special relationship with her husband's accountant. The tour goes on for the larger part of a year. Chris, newly introduced to the rock icon lifestyle, spends a large amount of money on drugs, cars and other excesses. Tired of following Chris all over America, Emily leaves and heads home, upset that Chris spends too much time partying with the band and not as much time devoted to their relationship. She agrees to meet him in Seattle. When she arrives there, she meets Chris, who is too drunk to know where he is. Emily tells him she's going to stay in Seattle and open a cafe with a friend of hers and that her relationship with Chris is over. When the tour finally ends, the band goes on hiatus. Six months later Chris shows up for a new recording session at Kirk's house. When he shows the band a concept sketch for their next album cover as well as some new songs, Kirk takes an arrogant stance, telling Chris that he and their other guitarist, A.C., are the only songwriters. Chris is puzzled and Kirk goes further, saying that they'd hired Chris merely to sing, not to be a part of the creative force of the band. Chris is stunned and during the vocal recording of a new song, defiantly sings it as if it were a rap tune. Kirk admonishes him and the recording session goes on with Chris singing the song properly. Chris later meets Mats in a bar and reflects on how the same manner of obsessive behavior he'd shown toward Rob and Blood Pollution was now being visited upon himself. Steel Dragon goes out on tour again to support the new album. Chris, feeling he's been duped, only puts out a half-hearted effort at most shows. One night, while performing, Chris notices a fan singing along with him, a reflection on how he'd sang along with Bobby Beers. Chris invites the fan to join him on stage and asks him if he'd like to finish the show; the young man enthusiastically accepts and Chris walks off stage, the rest of the band and the crowd hardly noticing. He says goodbye to Mats and leaves. A few years later, Chris has traveled to Seattle and has reinvented himself as an alternative rock musician. He reunites with Rob and the two form a new group, playing smaller shows in bars and coffeehouses. Emily has also moved to Seattle and opened the coffeehouse she'd talked about with an old friend. While walking in the street, she spots a flyer for one of Chris shows. She goes to it and he spots her from the stage. He walks over to her and kisses her and the two reconcile. Over the closing credits, we see that Steel Dragon's popularity has dropped off considerably with the advent of the Seattle Sound in music. Bobby Beers has also reinvented himself; as a Celtic dancer.
tt0337697
Comedy,Family,Romance
The movie opens with med-student bound Paige Morgan receiving a birthday cake from her teachers and colleagues. She suddenly realizes she is late for something and hurries out of the school and drives home. She has no time to talk to her mother as she goes to her room, grabs a dress from her closet, and hops in her truck. Meanwhile, in the country of Denmark we see the young & rebellious Prince Edvard and his servant, Soren, meeting up with a young man for what seems to be a race of some sort. Back in America, Paige is driving to a friend's wedding; she arrives in her father's pick up and nearly runs over half of the wedding party. At the reception, she and a friend discuss the subject of romance and marriage, neither of which Paige has time for because of her focus on her career. The bouquet is tossed, and by some twist of fate, it lands right in Paige's lap. Back in Denmark, the race is about to start; the cars speed down the open road and Edvard wins the race, where he is greeted with a threesome involving two teenage girls. He then realizes that, like Paige, he is also late for something very important. At the castle, 12-year-old Princess Arabella is playing a Gameboy as Edvard's parents, King Haraald and Queen Rosalind, wait anxiously for their eldest child to arrive before they are shown in public. Edvard arrives and is greeted with a hug by Arabella, though his parents don't seem so happy. He takes Arabella's arm and they step out onto the balcony. Later, Edvard and King Haraald are to meet with some members of the board; Haraald warns his son to behave himself, and Edvard glumly agrees. As they enter the room to sit down Haraald gets a bit dizzy, but when asked if he is all right he insists that he is fine. The meeting goes on. Edvard could care less about business and politics and he intentionally flirts with one of the women present. Soren and Edvard leave the meeting and Edvard, after doing a bit of fencing to release his stress and watching a show about college girls gone wild, is told that his parents are ready to see him. King Haraald and Queen Rosalind are disgusted by their son's recent behavior. Edvard blames Rosalind for keeping him on a tight leash and tells them he wants to go to college in Wisconsin without his parents' help. After Edvard storms out, Haraald agrees that his son should go off to college, with Soren there to protect him from harm. Paige is at a bar with her friends, discussing how she is failing miserably at Shakespeare and needs a good grade to get into medical school. Later in the day, Paige is crossing the street when she is nearly run over by Edvard's limo. Unable to get a good glimpse of him, she ignores him and continues on her way; but Edvard can see her clearly and has an instant attraction to Paige. Soren is not pleased with the college life that Edvard desires, but Edvard orders him to enjoy himself and to call him Eddie instead of Edvard. They get up to their dorm, which is not exactly clean and rather small. When their roommate, heavyweight Xbox geek Steven, comes in and tells them to keep their hands off his stuff, Edvard shrugs his shoulders and climbs onto the top bunk. Later that night, Soren and Eddie go to the bar and meet Paige, who teases Eddie a bit; after a few beers, Eddie musters up the courage to talk to Paige. After introducing himself, he asks her out for a drink, and then asks her to take off her shirt, which angers her and gets him squirted with water. A tough at the bar picks a fight with Eddie, who is miraculously saved by Soren, and the two are escorted out of the bar. In chemistry class later, Eddie asks Soren to leave and enjoy himself; after and argument, Soren gives in and leaves. Eddie and Paige are teamed up for chemistry, much to Paige's dismay. After class, she tells him that she needs to do well in this class to get into medical school, and that he had better not mess up. As Paige is walking away, Eddie randomly quotes Shakespeare; Paige lashes out and calls him a phony and leaves. Later, Eddie wakes up to reality when he realizes he cut himself off from his parent's money, so he gets a job at the bar where Paige works. Paige comes in and asks Eddie instantly how he, of all people, managed to get a job at the bar, and Eddie says that he just used her name and he had a job. However, Eddie is working at the deli and not doing a very good job at slicing the meat; Paige is forced to help him out on his first day. He promises Paige that if he is really bad then he will quit. After a busy night at the bar, Soren is drunk and passed out as Eddie cleans up. He can't help but watch Paige groove to the sounds of the jukebox. As Eddie stacks boxes outside at night, he sees Paige at her window and asks her to go a party with him; Paige rejects him, and Soren offers him some advice. A few days later, Eddie doesn't show up to chemistry class, which angers Paige to whole new level. She storms up to his dorm as Soren is making lunch for Eddie, who is laying in bed. Paige blows her top at him, Eddie apologizes, and she leaves. Paige then discovers that her grade in her Shakespeare class is a bit below average, which is simply not enough to get into medical school. Later in class, Paige remembers that Eddie quoted Shakespeare and asks for his help. He agrees, only if she will help him with laundry. As they do laundry together, Paige mocks Prince Hamlet; although Eddie can relate to him, he jokes right alongside her. Eddie asks her about a sonnet in Romeo & Juliet which Paige doesn't understand at all and Eddie explains the meaning of the passionate dialogue. Back in Denmark, Arabella is walking down the hall when she sees nurses; growing worried, she listens in on a conversation between King Haraald and the doctor. She rushes in and asks "Are you feeling ill, Daddy?" and crawls into his lap, and her parents assure her that it's nothing. A maid convinces Arabella go ride horses, and she leaves her parents, who continue with their regular business. The paparazzi who enjoy pestering the royal family say they promise to find Edvard and find out his secret. Paige is ecstatic when she receives an A on her Shakespeare paper and goes to thank Eddie, who is repairing an oil fixture. They apologize to each other at the end of the conversation and oil spills all over the floor. Paige's friend says she wants to ask Eddie to come home with her for Thanksgiving, but Paige beats her to it and asks him first, and he accepts. Soren is scared to be left alone in the dorm by himself, but Eddie says he has everything he needs and that he'll be fine. Eddie is dragged to a Wisconsin country farm, where he meets Paige's mother, father, and two younger brothers. Paige shows Eddie her room. He is curious about the giant map on her wall; she tells him that the places marked with red pins are where she wants to visit someday. At lunch, Paige's brothers pick on Eddie about how their aren't any good people from Denmark; Paige is about to make a retort, but she can't think of anyone herself. Eddie names off people like Kierkegaard, Niels Bohr, and Hans Christian Andersen. Paige is surprised to learn that Andersen came from Denmark; her brothers are still not amused, but when he goes on to say that Lars Ulrich from Metallica is from Denmark as well, they are enthralled and Paige nods at him in approval. The family loves him. Mr. Morgan says he needs help with some of the farm chores, and Eddie says he will be happy to help. Little does he know that farm chores are not easy; by the end of the day, Eddie is both tired and bored, until he spots the lawn mowers, which Paige's brothers tell him they race every year. The big race is coming up, and they agree to let Eddie take their place in it. At the race, Mrs. Morgan notices that Paige's behavior changes around Eddie. The race starts and all is going well until the boys' ultimate rival gets angry. He tries to push Eddie off the road, but fails and goes off instead. Eddie wins the race and is congratulated by the boys, but when he tries to make peace with their rival, he ends up in a fist fight. Back at the barn, Paige is cleaning up Eddie, who is bragging about their relationship. Paige tells him that they don't have a relationship, which ends with a long goodnight kiss. When they go back to the university, Eddie finds Soren in a pitiful state; unshaven, unshowered, and his eye glued to a video game screen. Steven says that he has been like this since he got back and tries to take the Xbox away only to have his head nearly bitten off by a power-crazed Soren. In the library, Eddie and Paige begin making suggestive movements, much to the notice of Paige's friend. Wanting to go somewhere private, they go off to the back of the library and begin to have a sexual encounter when they are discovered by the paparazzi from Denmark. Still recovering from the shock of the moment, Paige asks Eddie what was going on and why they were calling him "Prince Edvard." When Eddie explains to her that he is the Prince of Denmark, she is upset. Eddie tries to convince her that his feeling were genuine, but Paige walks away in tears. The next morning, Eddie splashes Soren with cold water and brings him out of his trance; Paige isn't so happy either. Soon the papers reach Denmark and King Haraald and Queen Rosalind are upset to see Paige and Edvard's faces all over the tabloids. Back in chemistry class later in the week, Soren and Edvard have to fight past photographers to get into the classroom. Edvard is dismayed to find that Paige is no longer his chemistry partner and is still angry with him. After a long day, Soren receives a phone call and recognizes it as Rosalind's voice; he hands the phone to Edvard, who can hear strong concern in his mother's voice as she tells him that he must return home because his father is ill. Though Edvard would not do anything for his mother, he is very concerned for his father and rushes back to Denmark to be with him. Meanwhile, Paige is giving a speech in her Shakespeare class when she realizes that like Romeo & Juliet, she and Edvard were meant to be together. Paige goes up to his dorm and is told by Steven that he and Soren left in the morning. Paige can't believe this and her fears are confirmed when she finds a note left by Edvard. She goes to her dorm and knocks a letter of acceptance to a medical college, and immediately packs her bags and is on the first plane to Denmark. As she takes a cab ride around the country, she is excited to see the historical landmarks that the cab driver points out, but she is more concerned with finding Edvard. They discover that the royal family is out in public moving through the city, but due to traffic it is difficult to get through. Paige jumps out of the cab and tries to spot Edvard, and after a bit of searching, she finds him on his horse, riding alongside his family's carriage. Paige tries to call out to him, but he can't hear her. When the people of Denmark recognize Paige and start shouting her name, Edvard turns and sees her. He parades his horse up to her and helps her up, and they ride off towards the castle together, much to his parent's dismay and the crowd's pleasure. Paige and Edvard arrive at the castle and Soren meets them. Paige hops off the horse and embraces Soren, whom Edvard orders to show Paige around while he talks with his parents. Queen Rosalind feels that Edvard has betrayed his country by being seen with a common girl like Paige, but King Haraald is silent. Edvard tells his mother that he will still accept the crown when his father dies, on the condition that he be allowed to marry Paige, but Rosalind disagrees. Edvard lists off the people who are next in line for the throne, trying to make a point that they need him. Rosalind tells him not to threaten them; Edvard ignores her, but stops when Haraald demands for him to be quiet. Haraald tells him that no matter what happens he WILL be the next king of Denmark, and Edvard says he understands. Haraald then gives Edvard permission to marry Paige (ignoring his wife's protestations). Edvard finds Paige with Soren on a tour of the gardens. He shoos Soren away, and takes the opportunity to propose to Paige, who almost instantly accepts it. Paige awakes the next morning and receives a warm embrace from her future sister-in-law Arabella. When Soren comes in and tells Paige about her schedule, Paige finally realizes that she is about to become royalty. Arabella introduces Paige to Marguerite, who will be doing Paige's gown for Edvard's coronation ball. Marguerite examines Paige's figure and tells her that she doesn't work with hunchbacks. A small montage ensues showing Paige meeting in public places with Rosalind and Edvard and getting her dress prepared for the ball. At the hospital, the paparazzi are curious as to where Paige is; they find her playing with sick children in the playroom, where she poses with them for a picture. Queen Rosalind is less than amused and tells Paige how dangerous this could be to her reputation. Soren and Paige leave Rosalind to find Edvard; they find him sitting at Haraald's bedside and Soren whispers that it's time for him to leave for a meeting. Edvard thanks him and kisses his father's forehead before leaving. At the meeting, Edvard points out to the members of the board that he has learned a thing or two about negotiation on the Morgan farm, and also says that the new Denmark will be about negotiations. Paige is trying her dress on when Soren tells her that Queen Rosalind wishes to see her, and they leave to meet her together. Soren tells Paige that he won't leave her side, but Rosalind sends him away and he obeys. Rosalind tells Paige straight out that she has always stayed close to tradition, but that maybe it is indeed time for change. She leads Paige down into a vault where all her jewels are stored and lets Paige have her pick of the finest. Later that week during the ball, Edvard asks Paige to dance; it takes her a few minutes to realize that the song that is being played is the song that they heard on the jukebox back in Wisconsin. They dance for awhile, then go off into the study. After only a few minutes of privacy, Soren comes to tell Edvard that the prime minister is here to see him. Edvard sighs and tells Paige that he will come back with a surprise. Paige watches as Edvard helps Haraald sit down, only to be surprised when Soren closes and locks the door. Paige walks around the dark study and notices a globe which reminds her of all the places she wanted to see before she fell in love with Edvard. He returns again with a meat slicer; though Paige is happy, she tells Edvard that she can't be queen. She explains to him that she can't give up her dreams and stop being herself, but that Edvard has to stay, for his father and for his country. They hug, knowing that their relationship is over for good. Edvard is crowned king and Paige returns to Wisconsin and graduates from college. One day, she suddenly hears Edvard quoting Shakespeare. She runs up to him and kisses him, but warns him that Denmark is not ready for a queen like her; he says that they will have to be because has always been. They kiss and the movie ends.
tt0346156
Action,Adventure,Crime
The film is set in New York City in 1939. The moment his zeppelin docks in New York, Dr. Vargas (Julian Curry) sends a pair of bullet-like metal vials to Dr. Jennings, another scientist; within moments, Dr. Vargas is gone and his name is crossed off a list. Dr. Jennings (Trevor Baxter) arranges to meet reporter Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) during a showing of The Wizard of Oz (1939) at Radio City Music Hall. They discuss the disappearance of the world's top scientists, and he reveals that he knows who will be next: himself. He hints that he and the missing men have a connection, and whispers the name of the man behind the disappearances: Totenkopf. (Totenkopf is German for death's head.) Jennings drops a blueprint, which Polly picks up. Polly's return to the office is sidetracked when New York is invaded by flying robots that shoot laser rays out of their heads and crush people and property under their enormous feet. The overwhelmed military broadcasts a call for help to someone called Sky Captain. As Polly runs along the streets photographing the robots and gathering information for a story, Sky Captain (Jude Law), a.k.a. Joe Sullivan, appears in his Warhawk airplane, which is equipped with amazing high-tech modifications, to fight the monsters. He trips up several robots and the rest are driven off. Joe has one of the downed mechas taken to a base near New York, home of his mercenary air force, and turns it over to his gum-chewing technical expert Dex (Giovanni Ribisi). Polly follows and surprises Joe in his office. Polly and Joe have a back-story; they were an item some years before in Nanjing, but split up amid suspicions on her part that he was cheating and on his that she sabotaged his plane. Polly uses Dr. Jennings' blueprint, which turns out to be a plan for the killer robots, as leverage to convince Joe to work with her -- and let her ride along when he goes after the robots. First Polly and Joe go to see Dr. Jennings in his laboratory, but they arrive too late. He's been attacked by a mysterious woman in black (Bai Ling), who escapes from Joe while Polly speaks to the dying scientist. Jennings gives her the two metal vials he received from Dr. Vargas and says that if Totenkopf acquires them, he'll destroy the world. He dies before he can explain. Back at Joe's base, the robots attack again. Joe, following Polly's directions, leads them on a nearly street-level flying chase through Manhattan while Dex tries to trace the source of the robots' control signal. Joe throws off the pursuing robots by diving his plane into the ocean. Polly's sure they're going to die, but the plane can function as a submarine so they're able to resurface and fly back to base. They arrive in time to exchange fire with a departing squad of robots lead by the mysterious woman in black. The robots have taken Dex, but a brief search reveals that Dex left a clue. Stuck to a downed girder with bubblegum is a scrap of map on which he marked the source of the control signal: a remote valley in the Himalayas. Joe and Polly take off immediately to get Dex back. In Nepal Kaji (Omid Djalili), a contact of Joe's, reluctantly agrees to take them to the valley of Shambala. He notes that in Hebrew it's called Eden, "and you may know it as Shangri-la." A trek through the snowy mountains with Kaji and a couple of guides brings them to an old mine, where the guides trap Polly and Joe in a vault rigged with dynamite and make off with the metal vials, which Polly had never mentioned to Joe. Kaji finds them and lets them out in time to save their lives, but not Polly's extra film. (She has only two shots left in her camera and spends the rest of the movie agonizing over how to use them.) The explosion knocks them out and the three of them wake up naked in a large, richly appointed bed. A Nepalese monk comes in and tells them (via Kaji) that they are in Shangri-la. He agrees to help them when they say that they're after Dr. Totenkopf. Totenkopf had forced the people of Shangri-la to work in the "poisoned mine" -- a uranium mine -- and all but one of the miners have died. They ask to speak with the survivor, who gives them a cane that he says will guide them to Totenkopf's base. In return for this favor, the horribly disfigured miner asks them to kill him. Back in the plane, Joe and Polly use the inscriptions on the cane to plot a course to Totenkopf's location, which Joe marks with an X on the map. Then he makes another X, somewhat closer to them than the first. "What's that point there?" asks Polly. "That's where we run out of fuel," Joe replies. Joe radios a message to his old friend Franky, who commands a secret British airborne air base where he hopes they can refuel. Shortly after the plane's tank runs dry and they begin a gliding descent, the air base materializes out of the clouds and they're able to land safely. Franky turns out to be Commander Francesca Cook (Angelina Jolie), who Polly realizes must be Joe's other woman when Franky mentions Nanjing. She leads her amphibious squadron to escort Joe and Polly to the island they've identified as Totenkopf's hideout. Franky and her squadron distract the robot guardian of the hideout's underwater entrance so that Joe's plane can slip through. As they disembark, Polly sees the registration number on the fuselage reflected in the water: h-110d, inverted, reads "polly." She doesn't say anything to Joe. In the island's huge underground base, a spaceship is being loaded with animals. (Joe is astonished that Polly doesn't find this spectacle worthy of her last remaining frame of film.) Dex turns up in a kind of flying flat-bed truck to rescue Joe and Polly from some of Totenkopf's robots. Dex has also rescued several of the scientists who disappeared. They tell Polly and Joe that the spaceship is meant to give life a fresh start on a new world that Totenkopf calls the World of Tomorrow. In addition to the animals, the ship will carry the mysterious vials, which contain genetic material for a new, improved human race -- Totenkopf's Adam and Eve. However, after the ship takes off its booster rocket will destroy the Earth. The group locates Totenkopf's quarters, but they're booby-trapped, and one of the scientists is electrocuted trying to get in. The booby-trap triggers a projection of the head of Dr. Totenkopf (Laurence Olivier), a la the Wizard in The Wizard of Oz (1939). Totenkopf condemns "a world consumed by hatred and bent on self-destruction." He concludes, "I am the last desperate chance for a doomed planet. Now, leave this place or die!" Dex disables the booby-trap and the party enters the villain's study to find Totenkopf's dessicated, long-dead corpse clutching a note that says "Forgive me." Joe, deciding that he'll have to board the spaceship to stop it, first socks Polly in the jaw -- if she's unconscious, she can't insist on coming along and she'll be safe. As he attempts to get inside the ship, he's attacked by the woman in black, who turns out to be a robot. Polly turns up to save him, and gives him a sock in the jaw for good measure. Joe and Polly go aboard and cross a narrow bridge over the deep, hollow core of the ship to reach the controls. The rocket takes off and begins a countdown toward the release of the booster stage, which will destroy the planet. As Joe and Polly struggle to turn off the booster, the robot in black attacks again. Joe fends her off and uses her raygun to disable the booster. He and Polly get away in an escape pod just before the rocket blows up without harming the Earth. They land in the water, surrounded by pods containing animals from Totenkopf's space-ark, which Polly released before they disabled the booster. Polly pans around in search of an image for her final photograph and finally settles on Joe. After she snaps the shutter, he looks disturbed. Polly: "You don't have to say anything." Joe: "Lens cap."
tt0322589
Drama,Music,Romance
Honey Daniels (Jessica Alba) is a bartender and dance teacher at the local community centre in New York. Having dreams to make it as a backup dancer in music videos, Honey and rival Katrina (Laurieann Gibson) are recorded dancing one night in the club where she works. That same night, Honey and friend Gina (Joy Bryant) leave the club and encounter some kids dancing. Two of the kids are introduced as Benny (Romeo Miller), and his little brother Raymond (Zachary Isaiah Williams) who also plays his little brother in the Nickelodeon (TV Channel) show Romeo! Honey invites both to attend her classes at the community college, and they become inspiration for some of her moves as a Dancer. Honey soon catches the attention of Music Director Michael Ellis (David Moscow), who gives her a job as a back up dancer in Jadakiss' new video. Unimpressed with his current choreographer, Ellis decides to let Honey choreograph the video. Suitably impressed, Honey gets promoted, and choreographs for Tweet, Sheek Louch, and Shawn Desman. Having hit the big time in the music business, Honey reluctantly dates Hairdresser Chaz (Mekhi Phifer), and faces problems at the community centre. The building is old and falling apart, and Honey's mother runs the centre but is unsure if she will be able to maintain it. Deciding to do something about it, Honey finds an old store up for sale and decides to turn it into a dance studio for the local kids. Pressuring Honey to take up teaching Ballet classes, her parents refuse to help with the new dance studio. Honey gets a bank loan, and puts down a deposit. Meanwhile, Honey pitches an idea to Ellis for Ginuwine's new video, using the kids she teaches at the centre as the back up dancers, Ginuwine acting like an urban Pied Piper. Gina's 25th birthday comes up, and Honey makes plans to take her to Atlantic City, but Ellis convinces her to make an appearance at a black and White party instead, where he subsequently makes a drunken pass at her. She refuses his advances, slaps him on the face and Michael begins to have a major outburst at Honey and Honey leaves the party. Honey and the kids as background dancers dance for Ginuwine's new video but Michael is not impressed and hires Katrina to be in Ginuwine's new video and he fires her from Ginuwine's video, black balls her in the business, and installs Katrina in her place. Her friendship with Gina, although strained, improves, and she helps Honey realise she can still make her dreams come true. Honey struggles to pay the down payment on the studio, and eventually comes up with an idea to raise revenue. She holds a dance benefit, using an abandoned church that will be torn down for the event. Honey spends time getting to know Raymond and Benny, and is shocked to see Benny going down the wrong track. She visits him in Prison. She is determined to help him but he refuses and insults Honey. Honey informs Benny that his mother knows and he will be getting bailed out and Honey tries to reason with him but he tells her to go. Honey asks Benny how many times do his mates come and see him and he is visibly saddened by her question realising that his best friend Otis betrayed him and got him arrested and none of his friends visit him at all and leaves him to think about it in the benefits has a new video for Missy Elliott to choreograph, and she is unimpressed with Katrina's ideas. She insists on Honey Daniels, and Ellis goes crawling back to her, begging her to work for him. He offers to buy her the studio. She refuses, saying she does not need his money, and she will do it on her own. Gina is given a flier for the benefit, and takes it to the bank manager, who calls some donors to appear at the benefit. On the night, it is a full house, and Honey's parents, Benny's disapproving mother and Chaz among many others attend. While everyone is getting dressed and preparing for the performance.In the dressing room, Benny tells Honey that everything will be OK. Benny's mother is duly impressed with her son, and sees the future he has as a choreographer.The audience claps for everyone who danced. Honey embraces her new boyfriend Chaz and Benny and everybody else including her parents. R'n'B singer Tweet also attends, and gets on stage with Honey to celebrate her victory. Missy Elliott arrives at the benefit around the time it finishes, cursing her driver, saying she will have him fired if he's the reason she can't meet Honey. The credits roll, and feature Honey's successful music video for Blaque.
tt0329717
Action,Comedy,Crime
Joe Gavilan and his younger, more inept partner, K. C. Calden, are at target practice at the police station. K.C. misses all of his shots, and Gavilan easily hits both his target and Calden's dead-center. Later, at a rave, a DJ plays the music as a rap group sings on stage. Two men make their way into the club's back rooms, don masks, and then brandish guns. They step out of the rooms and shoot up the club, killing the rap group. Amid the chaos, the perpetrators flee. Later, Gavilan, who is pulled away from an appointment with a potential buyer for his old house, meets Calden at the crime scene and the two investigate, finding several important clues. After the investigation, Gavilan and Calden part ways, and Calden sees a hooker get into Gavilan's car, but he's too far away to notice that the hooker is actually an undercover male cop in drag, who knows Gavilan. Gavilan and the man drive away and discuss their respective current cases, and Calden drives off as well. Gavial drops the man off and goes home, where he drinks and calls into a late-night psychic talk show, where he appears to be a regular caller. Meanwhile, a man in a suit meets with the two men who shot up the club, and kills them, and burns their corpses. The next day, at the police station, Bennie Macko, and a few other internal affairs people search Gavilan's and Calden's lockers, and, unsatisfied, leave them alone. Gavilan and Calden go to the office of the rap group's manager, Antoine Sartain, and question him, and Calden runs into some old friends from school. That night, Gavilan meets with Ruby, the psychic from the talk show, who is his girlfriend. Gavilan and Calden meet with a man who Gavilan is selling a house for, as he moonlights in real estate. They leave, and Calden goes to examine the corpses without Gavilan, who has to see another client, and in exchange, Gavilan will come to his upcoming stage performance of A Streetcar Named Desire. Called, who is obviously not comfortable around dead bodies, examines the charred corpses of the two gunmen at the autopsy room in the station and calls Gavilan about it. Gavial thanks him, and then meets with the DJ from the club, and they agree on a price for a home. That night, Gavilan meets with Ruby again. Macko, who is determined to ruin Gavilan due to their bad history, frames Gavilan and Calden, and has them interrogated, After getting off free, Gavilan and Calden, gain a lead when they learn that K-Roc, a songwriter for the group, has gone missing. They track him to his home, and after a lengthy chase, apprehend him for questioning. They learn that the group was about to terminate their contract with Sartaine, so he had them killed. The two grab Ruby, and she helps them track down Sartaine and his henchmen. After a large-scale chase and shootout, Gavilan chases Sartaine to a rooftop where the two engage in a brutal fist fight that finally ends when Sartaine falls from the roof and meets his demise in a dumpster below.
tt0482629
Drama,Family,Romance
(this was first posted on www.realmoviereview.com) The story, which is based on Jim Stovalls novel of the same name, is manipulative (big surprise there), but is fairly engaging once it gets going. Drew Fullers inexperience shows itself from time to time, as he plays Jason Stevens, the spoiled grandson of a deceased billionaire whose expectations from the will are put off while he is led through several tasks designed to make him a better person. Along the way, he meets and befriends a young girl named Emily, played by Abigail Breslin just before Little Miss Sunshine hit the theatres and made her a big star. Her mother, Alexia, played by Ali Hillis. The production values here are Hollywood quality, though both the script and the acting could have been improved.
tt0452637
Drama,Fantasy,Mystery
Maintenance man Cleveland Heep (Paul Giamatti) tries to keep up with the needs of his many tenants. He comes to realize someone is swimming in the pool after 7 p.m., which is not allowed. The pool cleaner also brings to his attention that there seem to be globs of some sort of hair in the pools filter that have accumulated in just one day. One night, when he is very tired, he hears splashing in the pool and thinks that at last he will catch the mystery swimmer. But when he goes to the pool, there is no one there, not even footprints. As he walks around the pool, he hears someone splashing in the water at that very moment. He thinks all he has to do is wait, and they will surface soon enough. He picks up a brush and walks around the pool, takes a bad step, falls, hits his head and rolls into the pool. In the next scene we find Heep laying on his own couch, and a nude young woman is sitting across from him. There is water on the floor. He asks if she brought him here, but she only nods that she did. He gives her a shirt to wear. She clings to him, saying that she is too scared to go outside. So there he sits, with a young woman in his lap clinging to him who then falls asleep. He is clearly uncomfortable and tries to wake her. He decides he should take her outside for some fresh air, and then he will walk her home. Once outside, however, he is confronted with a growling creature which sends them both screaming back into his house. Heep needs to know who she is and what the creature is. We learn that her name is Story and that there is a creature hunting her. She is somehow prohibited from telling him who she is or what is happening, but she does tell him that she is a Narf. Heep begins asking his tenants if they have ever heard of a character called a Narf. Upon asking a young Asian student named Young-Soon Choi (Cindy Cheung), she says she has heard of a Narf as part of a bedtime story that was told long ago to her mother, but she doesn't remember much about the story. Heep continues doing his repairs, and we are introduced to many of the tenants. Between tasks, Heep tries to catch Young-Soon when she is with her grandmother, so he can ask more questions about the story. Though she has no idea why he is asking all these questions, she is happy to do what she can for this oddly curious man. Her grandmother, however, is suspicious as to why a grown man is so interested in a bedtime story. Frustrated at only getting bits and pieces of the story here and there, he arranges to be invited into the apartment of Young-Soon and her grandmother. Young-Soon tells him to try and act more like a curious child than a man, and it will help to bring out the grandmother's softer side so she will tell him more about the story of Story. After wiggling, eating cookies and dribbling milk down his face, the grandmother is amused and tells him the story. Meanwhile, Story is walking through his apartment, marveling at various objects. She notices a different-looking book and takes it down and reads it. The book is actually a journal, one that Heep wrote following the tragic loss of his family. When Heep discovers her reading the book, he asks her not to tell anyone of his past; no one there knows the story or that he used to be a doctor. He also needs to check with Story that what he has learned so far is accurate. Though Story cannot actually say, she makes a sign when he makes a correct statement. It seems Story is a Narf, here to motivate a great writer to complete his work that will have a tremendous positive effect on the future, at which point a giant eagle will come and take her home. But there is a creature called a Scrunt who will try to kill her before she can complete her task. There are many people who live in the apartment comple, besides the writer, who will unknowingly play different parts in helping Story. Heep believes himself to be her "guardian", the one who can protect her from the Scrunt. In a scene that starts out suspenseful but becomes rather light, Heep tries to face down and battle the Scrunt, being coached by Story via walkie talkie, but it soon becomes apparent that he is not the guardian when the Scrunt attacks him. The attack is interrupted by an arrogant movie critic just in the nick of time. But now Heep has an idea of what he needs to help Story get home. He must cast the roles needed to complete the task from the diverse people that live in the apartment complex. It is such a complex undertaking that he decides to consult the latest addition to the complex, the arrogant movie critic, to help him root out some of the characters described to him. Heep finally concocts a plan, but it is misguided. When it fails, the Scrunt seizes hold of Story and tries to drag her away, but Heep manages to grab hold of her. It is now apparent they have the wrong people for the roles, and they need to rethink them fast. The pivotal character to find is the "symbolist", who can "read" the situation, giving a much better description of the characters needed and what they all must do. At last, most of the correct people are found, all but the guardian. They all encircle her hoping to protect her long enough for the eagle to arrive. But the Scrunt is patient and wily and finds a way to get close to her unseen. Finally, the guardian appears and stares the Scrunt down. We hear the eagle and Heep says goodbye to Story. He realizes she has saved him from hiding himself away, and then she is gone.
tt0233469
Action,Drama,Thriller
The film opens with LAFD firefighter Captain Gordon "Gordy" Brewer (Arnold Schwarzenegger) and his fellow firefighters rescuing people who are trapped inside a burning building. After they rescue an old woman, Brewer is caught in an explosion. Cut to a scene where Brewer teaches his son how to play with a toy plane and they plan to meet his son, Matt and wife, Anne in downtown Los Angeles. His wife and son go downtown and wait for Brewer's arrival. Meanwhile a man (who is later revealed as the terrorist) disguised as a police officer parks his police motorcycle in front of the Colombian Consulate and a convoy of Colombian officials and American intelligence agents arrive at the consulate. Brewer arrives and informs the officer that he is there to pick up his family. As Brewer is about to pick up his family, a bomb in the police motorcycle explodes, killing nearby innocent civilians and the officials, including his son and wife. Brewer is then hit by a taxi, injuring him. Later, Brewer is traumatized when he finds out his family was killed in the explosion. The FBI states that 24 people were injured, 9 people are dead including those mentioned above, and the explosion is a terrorism act. Brewer is brought to a hospital and some shrapnel is removed from his body. Suddenly, Brewer realizes that the man he met before the explosion, disguised as a police officer, is the one responsible for the attack and the FBI officers try to stop him. A tape is sent to the U.S. State Department, in which a man pretends to be a police officer calling himself "El Lobo" (The Wolf) claiming responsibility for the bombing, explaining it was in retaliation for America's oppression of Colombia. The FBI believes El Lobo is a Colombian terrorist named Claudio Perrini (Cliff Curtis), the man disguised as a police officer who was there at the time of the explosion. At his home, Brewer receives a message on his phone from Ken Barnett of Lateline and he's invited to tell his story about the incident at the studio and he pounds the phone. Shortly, the news airs the videotape from El Lobo, claiming responsibility for the explosion. Also, it claims that they bombed at least 7 places, including the most recent bombing of the Colombian Consulate in Los Angeles. On the TV, we see only the terrorist in silhouette and a lower-pitched voice saying that the bombing was an act of self-defense against American war criminals, also, if the Americans continue aggression towards the Colombian, they will bring war to them. The terrorist concludes that Colombia is not their country and has to get out now and make a gesture meaning "Sangre o Libertad" ("blood or freedom"). After that, Brewer becomes furious when the reporter mentions the killing of his family and Latin American Solitary Committee Mr. Ortiz calls "collateral damage". Brewer, furious, then breaks into the newsroom and begins wildly whacking everything with a baseball bat. A few minutes later, the FBI officers arrive and incapacitate him with an electric gun. Later, Brewer is brought to the FBI but they don't arrest him because Mr. Ortiz dropped the charges on him. Agent Phipps (Miguel Sandoval) ensures him that The Wolf is back in Colombia. CIA Special Agent Peter Brandt (Elias Koteas), the Colombia Station Chief, is harshly reprimanded for the incident by a Senate Oversight Committee, who promptly terminates all CIA operations in Colombia. Brandt angrily returns to Mompós and meets with his paramilitary allies to plan a major offensive to take down Claudio and his guerilla forces. At Brewer's home, Ed advices to him on how to get inside Colombia. Brewer goes to Mompos, Colombia in order to track down Claudio. First, he gets to the bus and the next morning, the bus suddenly stops because the guerrillas are stopping every vehicle on the road and checking everything on them. In order to not be seen by the guerrillas, all the passengers inside the bus have to get out and hide beside the running bus. As the passengers are running towards the forest, the guerrillas see them running and begin firing at them, killing some of them. Three girls are confronted by one of the guerrillas but Brewer subdues him and they escape. The guerrillas pursue Brewer until he outruns the guerrillas by jumping into a river. The guerrillas find Brewer's bag that he left behind before he jumped into the river, containing his passport. Men present a copy of Brewer's passport to Brandt and alerts them of Brewer's presence. At the same time at the guerrilla camp, Roman presents a copy of Brewer's passport to Claudio and they want to capture him and hold him for ransom. Brewer goes to Mompos harbor then to a carnival. Brewer sees a motorcycle about to hit a boy named Mauro but his mother named Selena pulls him out of the way. After that, Brewer is arrested for entering the country illegally. At the prison, he meets Canadian mechanic Sean Armstrong (John Turturro) and asks him for his pass so he can escape the guerrilla zone but he refuses. Later at night, the guerrilla troops alert the prison with a loud horn before they fire a mortar on the prison. Then, Claudio and his fellow guerrilla manage to kill the police officers and free the prisoners. Brewer sees Claudio for the second time. Brewer incapacitates one of the troops and obtains the circular saw they used to free the prisoners. Brewer frees the other prisoners but he will not free Sean unless he gives the pass to him. Sean gives the pass to Brewer and he frees him. After that, Sean tells him he retired as a mechanic and he tells him to get the harbor, once he gets to San Pablo, he will ask for Felix Ramirez (John Leguizamo), a drug runner. Also, he tells Brewer that he is his replacement. Brewer goes upriver and through the mangrove forest. There, he sees the dead men and the indigenous people. Later, the guerrillas stop the boat and he asks them for Felix. Once he gets there, Brewer pretends to be the mechanic and falsely introduces himself to Felix and one of the guerrillas as "Heinrich Beckmann". Brewer and Felix go to a facility where he is hired to fix a generator. Brewer rigs several improvised explosives. Claudio and his troops confront one of the guerrillas about "Beckmann". He did not realize that "Beckmann" is actually Brewer and he made a mistake. The guerrillas force the man to open his mouth with a metal brace and chokes him with a coral snake, killing him. Claudio tells them to find Brewer. Meanwhile, Brewer still continues making improvised explosives. At night, the guerrillas arrive to find Brewer and asks Felix where Brewer is. Brewer sees them and throws a Molotov cocktail right in front of them, destroying the facility in the process. Roman then shoots Felix who dies in front of Brewer, who is hiding under a truck. The truck heads to Claudio's headquarters. Brewer then infiltrates Claudio's headquarters and plants a grenade in the gas tank, but is captured when he tries to prevent a woman named Selena (Francesca Neri) from being caught in the blast radius along with her son, Mauro. At Claudio's home compound, Selena reveals that she is Claudio's wife and that she and Claudio once lost their own child during an attack by American forces, which compelled Claudio to become a terrorist and fight back, while Selena found and adopted Mauro, whose parents were killed in the attack. Meanwhile, Brandt's unit locates Claudio's compound and launches an attack. During the ensuing shootout, Roman and his fellow guerrillas are killed while Selena helps free Brewer. Brewer sees a landmine set in the forest and clears it before they step through. Brewer fights with a man from Brandt's unit until he gets blown up by the landmine. After that, Brewer meets Brandt for the first time in Colombia and he explains that The Wolf is gone to Washington D.C. to blow another building and Selena and her son will come to identify the target. Claudio arrives in Washington D.C, at the same time as Brewer, Selena and her son. They hear the lower-pitched voice-over of the terrorist saying a bomb has been planted in Washington D.C., but it is too late for them to find it. Claudio leaves a briefcase contain a bomb at Union Station, then an old man picks up the briefcase and tries to open it. At Dulles State Department Annex, Selena identifies Union Station as the target. On the pretense of using the restroom, Selena informs the State Department employee to come along and when Mauro refuses to come with her, she becomes irritated. Brewer recognizes Selena making the same gesture and the words "sangre o libertad" as the masked man claiming to be El Lobo made in the tape, and realizes that she was the Wolf all along, with Claudio serving as her figurehead. Brewer goes to find Selena. When the officers raid the old man with the briefcase, it turns out empty. Selena then kills one of the State Department employees inside the restroom by snapping her neck. Brewer sees Selena dialing on her cell phone when he realizes that she was there at the time of explosion in L.A. and she was using a cell phone to activate the bomb.He pursues her but falls short when she enters an elevator and kills a man inside. Furthermore, Brewer surmises the real target is the State Department. Brewer quickly throws Mauro's toy dinosaur, which is carrying a bomb, out a window moments before it explodes. Meanwhile, a second bomb is set inside a truck at the basement. Brandt, realizing Brewer's suspicions, is shot in the head while trying to stop Selena from fleeing the building. Brewer opens the elevator door and jumps down the shaft where Selena is, but she managed to get out before Brewer gets in. Selena then subdues Brewer and she gets out of the shaft. Brewer chases Selena to the basement of the building where she and Claudio ride off through the underground tunnels on a motorcycle. Brewer finds the tunnel control console and shuts the gates, preventing their escape. Brewer cuts open some gas lines along the walls of the tunnel and, as they ride back, Selena shoots at Brewer, igniting the gas. Brewer jumps through a doorway just as the entire tunnel explodes. Selena and Claudio survive the blast, however, Brewer simultaneously. After a short, hand to hand fight, Selena is electrocuted by being tossed on the exposed circuitry of the control panel. Claudio incapacitates Brewer, then just before he detonates the second bomb using his cell phone, Brewer throws an ax into Claudio's chest, finally killing him. In the aftermath, Brewer carries Mauro in his arms as they leave the State Department. A newscast voice-over explains that Brewer will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom for preventing one of the worst terrorist attacks in U.S. history from taking place.
tt0433387
Action,Crime,Drama
After returning home from the Gulf War, Army Ranger Jim Davis (Christian Bale) is having a hard time adjusting to civilian life. Jim is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and having flashbacks and nightmares of the killing he did during the war. Jim's money is running dry, and he is looking for a job. Jim wants to be a policeman, and he has applies for a job with the L.A.P.D. While waiting for the job to come through, Jim hangs out with his best friend and homie brother, Mike Alonzo (Freddy Rodriguez). Jim and Mike begin to cruise the mean streets of South Central, Los Angeles, and they fall back into their old life of crime. Jim doesn't get the job with the L.A.P.D., but he does get a job offer from Homeland Security. The only problem that Jim has in taking the job is that he can't get the war out of his mind. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0317198
Comedy,Drama,Romance
It is another year in the life of Bridget Jones (Renee Zellweger). Things are looking up for our heroine since we last saw her. She is losing weight, has quit smoking (at least as far as her boyfriend is concerned), and she is in a completely fulfilling relationship with barrister Mark Darcy (Colin Firth). Bridget also has a successful career in television where she is an on air personality for the tabloid TV show "Sit Up, Britain." As we join her she is in the midst of filming a story requiring her to sky dive over the country side. After falling out of the plane and almost forgetting to pull the rip cord she finally lands safely in a pen filled with pigs. Afraid that her boss is upset over her clumsiness, she is summoned to his office only to learn that Daniel Cleaver (Hugh Grant) now works for the station too and that her boss wants them to team up on some travel pieces for the network. Not willing to be content with bliss, she becomes suspicious of Mark when he cancels their dinner date one evening. Her friends convince her that he is having an affair with the very attractive Rebecca who works at the law firm. She goes to his house to confront him and after climbing the ledge to peek into the window she falls from the roof into the bushes and is then greeted at the door by Rebecca who lets her in to the house only to find that Mark is having a meeting with some associates. Seeing that she is under stress Mark invites her on a weekend ski getaway but as soon as they arrive we discover two things - Bridget has lied about her skiing ability and Rebecca is also there. The next week Mark invites Bridget to a very important dinner given by the firm. Bridget manages to arrive late in a state of disarray and insults some of his coworkers. At dinner she begins to feel that she is out of Mark's league and that she is nothing more than an embarrassment to him. On the way home Bridget admonishes Mark for never sticking up for her in front of his pompous friends and then leaves. Weeks go by and Mark does not call. Reluctantly Bridget accepts a project working with Daniel on a piece in Thailand. On the plane Daniel saves her from the rigors of coach class by bringing her into first class with him and explains that he is no longer a skirt chaser and that she was the best thing that ever happened to him. While in Thailand, Bridget's friend Shazzer who has accompanied her on the trip meets a very attractive young man named Jed who has a love of hallucinogenic mushrooms which he slips into Bridget's food. Daniel finds Bridget at the beach in a euphoric state of mind and invites her up to his room. Almost succumbing to his advances she realizes just in time that if she sleeps with him it will be truly over between she and Mark. As she leaves she runs into a prostitute who is arriving for her nightly appointment with Daniel. The next day Bridget and Shazzer pack up to leave and to hurry things along Bridget agrees to carry the Thai Ceremonial Snake Bowl that Jed has left with them in her bag. At airport customs it is discovered that the bowl is filled with cocaine and Bridget is immediately arrested for attempting to transport illegal drugs. Daniel upon seeing the trouble that Bridget is in shrugs and gets on the plane. In prison Bridget immediately befriends the other inmates and upon hearing their stories of forced prostitution and abuse that they have had in their relationships she realizes that she had it pretty good with Mark. Days later she is pulled from the holding cell and is taken to meet with her attorney - it is Mark who tells her that he is merely the messenger and that the Thai government has agreed to show her leniency. Back home Mark confronts Daniel and asks him if he knew that Bridget had been arrested in Thailand. When he admits that he did - Mark drags him outside and they have a fight in the streets ending with both spilling into a fountain in the courtyard. Arriving in England Bridget discovers that Mark went to great lengths to hunt down Jed and extradite him so that she could be set free. She runs to Mark's house only to find Rebecca there who admits that it is Bridget whom she has had a crush on all this time and not Mark. Rebecca even proves it by kissing Bridget who is flattered, but politely turns her down. Bridget takes a taxi to Mark's office and is splashed by several passing cars. Soak and wet, she searches the building and happens upon Mark in a meeting with several important officials. They go out into the corridor and Mark finally proposes to her. In the country Bridget's parents have a ceremony to renew their vows. As they are leaving her mother tosses the bouquet and Bridget falling backwards still manages to catch it. Same ol' "Bridg" but she is now willing to look to the future and is ready to accept that she is indeed finally happy.
tt0364751
Adventure,Comedy,Mystery
Ten years after graduating high school, three friends, Jerry (Matthew Lillard), Dan (Seth Green) and Tom (Dax Shepard), find out that their childhood friend, Billy (Antony Starr), died in a para-sailing accident in Costa Rica. After the burial, they take a trip down to memory lane and enter their tree house, where the four hung out when they were children. They find a map leading to D. B. Cooper's lost treasure that Billy has apparently been working on his whole life. Dan takes a break from his job as a doctor and joins Jerry and Tom on a camping trip to find the treasure. They take a canoe down the river and find Grandpa's Nose (a rock formation), and they stay on the riverside for the night. Standing around the camp fire, they discover they forgot to bring food; so Tom goes out to catch some fish. Despite his shining skills, a grizzly bear shows up and chases the group away. Dan trips and is caught up with by the bear, who thinks Dan is its cub. It brings Dan back to its 'nest' and forces him to eat a mutilated dead squirrel. Dan manages to escape and the trio ends up sleeping in a tree. In the morning, they find all their gear ripped up and completely destroyed by the bear - even Dan's cellphone, which the animal swallowed. The bear, they find to their dismay, had also ripped a hole in the map. The trio takes off in the river, but, unable to read the map, they go the wrong way. The split leads them into rapids where they are nearly killed and drowned. The map is lost, and they end up falling off a waterfall, but landing safely in a belly of water. Unfortunately, their canoe has been smashed to pieces. They take off into the woods with a compass and find themselves at a pot farm, in which two violent farmers, Dennis (Abraham Benrubi) and Elwood (Ethan Suplee), mistake them for thieves and start shooting at them. The friends escape into the farm, but the security flares go off and hit the growth, causing a bunch of smoke to wallow around and get the trio effectively stoned. While the farmers, wearing bandannas over their faces, are on their tail, the guys fall into a pond barely escape, using reeds to breathe. The farmers take off, and the guys then run into the woods. In the morning, the farmers find their crop burned and they set off to kill Jerry, Dan and Tom. The trio meets two hippie girls far into the forest, who treat the men with food, communication, and love up in their huge tree. Using the radio, the farmers find them and attempt to cut down the tree, both distressing and enraging the hippie girls. They drop paper bags full of feces at the farmers to distract them while the guys escape. Half naked, the guys are lost into the woods, while it is pouring rain. The only way they have to survive is to hold on to each other for warmth. Suddenly, they are caught by a man living up in the mountains, who takes the them up to his hut and provides them with clothes. The man is named Del Knox (Burt Reynolds), once D. B.'s partner before his death. The next morning, the farmers find them and assault the house. The guys escape while Del Knox shoots at the two bad guys with his revolver. The guys stumble upon the site in which D. B. crashed landed, discovering his corpse along with the suitcase holding the money. It turns out that D. B. burned his share of the money, just for a few more minutes of life. They then toss their valuable possessions on his body, including Dan's C-3PO action figure, Jerry's Brian Bosworth card, and Tom's condom. The only way out of the cave is for Dan to crawl through a small tunnel. The farmers find Jerry and Tom below and Dan comes from the ground and hits them with a log. The farmers fall down and they engage in a brawl with Tom and Jerry, consisting of Tom kicking the gun out of Elwood's hands, Dennis tossing Jerry onto the ground, Then Tom leaps onto Dennis's back so Dennis spins Tom off, then they begin punching, kicking and biting. Eventually, a sheriff (who actually helped Dan, Tom, and Jerry in the beginning) arrives; however, it is discovered that he was working with the pot farmers all along. The three are cornered and Jerry, who took one of the farmer's grenades, flips off the pin but accidentally drops it. Moments before it blows, he throws it towards the bad guys; it explodes, causing a tree to fall on the farmers and sheriff. The three bad guys are arrested afterwards. In the end, Jerry, Dan, and Tom earn half of the remaining money from D. B. Cooper's partner. Jerry proposes to his girlfriend, Dan starts a relationship with one of the hippie girls and gets laid for the first time, and Tom is a camp counselor for a children's summer camp, who ends up telling his troop all about the camping trip.
tt0420294
Horror,Thriller
On August 7, 1939, a young woman who works in a meat-packing plant in rural Travis County, Texas, dies giving birth to a child in the back room of the building when she suddenly goes into labor. The cruel plant manager abandons the newborn in a dumpster. A local woman, named Luda Mae Hewitt, discovers the baby while searching for food. She names the infant Thomas and takes him to the Hewitt residence and raises the baby as her own son. Over the next 30 years, Thomas (Andrew Bryniarski) grows up and goes to work in the same slaughterhouse. When its horrid conditions cause the closure of his workplace, Thomas comes back and kills the slaughterhouse's owner with a sledgehammer; he also finds and takes a chainsaw. Charlie Hewitt (R. Lee Ermey), Luda Mae's (Marietta Marich) sadistic son, learns from Sheriff Winston Hoyt (Lew Temple) what Thomas has done, and accompanies the Sheriff to arrest Thomas. When they find Thomas, Charlie kills the Sheriff with a shotgun and takes his identity. Charlie and Thomas take the Sheriff's body home and butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest of the family that they will not leave their home even as the rest of the area becomes deserted. A few months later, in July 1969, two brothers, Eric (Matthew Bomer) and Dean (Taylor Handley), drive across the country with their girlfriends Chrissie (Jordana Brewster) and Bailey (Diora Baird). Eric and Dean are draft dodgers and are plotting to flee north to avoid being drafted into the U.S. Army where they will be sent to Vietnam. They stop at a local eatery where they encounter a group of bikers. As the group pulls away, a female biker, Alex (Cyia Batten), follows them. A chase ensues, ending with the group crashing into a cow and flipping their car. In the process, Chrissie gets thrown from the car and lands in the weeds, out of sight of the others. Charlie Hewitt/Sheriff Hoyt soon arrives on the scene; he immediately shoots Alex, throws her body into the trunk of his squad car, forces the rest of the group in as well, and calls for his Uncle Monty (Terrence Evans) on the car's CB radio to tow the wreckage. The tow truck comes and tows the car, in which Chrissie has hidden herself. Hoyt takes the group to the Hewitt house and calls for Thomas to butcher the dead Alex. He then takes Eric and Dean to a barn and hangs them by their arms from the rafters; he later ties Bailey to the kitchen table. From the car, Chrissie sees her friends tied up and runs back to the highway. She flags down Holden (Lee Tergesen), one of the bikers from the diner, and tells him about Alex and her friends. Holden then follows Chrissie back to the house. At the Hewitts', Hoyt tortures Eric and Dean by beating them with his nightstick and forcing them to do pushups when he figures out that they are draft dodgers. However, they manage to free themselves. When they attempt to rescue Bailey, Hoyt beats Eric, and Dean gets caught in a bear trap. Bailey escapes, taking Monty's truck, but Thomas stops her by stabbing her in the chest with a meat hook and drags her from the truck. Thomas then takes Eric to the basement and straps him to a wooden table. Holden enters the house to search for Alex, but ends up shooting Monty in one of his kneecaps, surprising Hoyt in the process. Hoyt leads him to a bedroom where Thomas kills him with his chainsaw. Chrissie finds Eric and tries to free him, but cannot release the metal straps nailed to the table. Thomas comes downstairs as Chrissie hides under the table. Thomas kills Eric and then skins his face, putting it on as a mask.... thus earning his nickname Leatherface. Thomas/Leatherface comes to the aid of his wounded uncle Monty, and seeing that the shotgun wound to his left kneecap is bad, uses his chainsaw to amputate Monty's leg off. Then, for no clear reason, Thomas chainsaws Monty's other leg off as well just above the kneecap as some twisted way of making is work perfect. Later, Chrissie finds and tries to free Bailey, whom Hoyt has tied up again on the second floor. As Chrissie attempts to untie her friend, Hoyt and Thomas catch her and bring her downstairs for "dinner". There, Dean sits unconscious as Thomas/Leatherface slits Bailey's throat with a pair of scissors, then grabs Chrissie and brings her downstairs as well. On the way to the basement, Chrissie manages to stab Thomas in the back with a screwdriver and escapes by jumping out a window, with Thomas pursuing her. Dean regains consciousness, escaping to the front of the house. There he assaults Hoyt by smashing his head repeatedly into the solid concrete porch, knocking out him out cold, as well as Hoyt's two front teeth, then heads out to find Chrissie. Meanwhile, Chrissie hides in the abandoned slaughterhouse. She slashes Thomas's face with a knife she has found, but he drags her to the floor. Dean arrives to stop him but Thomas impales and kills him with his chainsaw. Meanwhile, Chrissie makes her way to a nearby car and drives off into the night. Chrissie, desperately looking for help, sees a police deputy who has pulled someone over. As Chrissie is about to pull over, Thomas suddenly appears in the back seat and kills Chrissie by ramming his chaindaw through her seat. The car, out of control, crashes into the Deputy and citizen, killing both of them. Thomas (now called Leatherface) exits the car and slowly walks back along the dark road to the Hewitt house.
tt0454082
Horror
On a snowy winter night on Christmas Eve, in the Alpha Kappa Gamma sorority house, Lauren (Yan-Kay Crystal Lowe) is getting changed into her pajamas. In the next room Clair Crosby (Leela Savasta) is writing a Christmas card to her half-sister, Leigh (Kristen Cloke). Suddenly she hears something from her closet. She goes over to the closet door and looks inside. Nothing but clothes. She goes back to her card and sees that her fountain pen is missing. Suddenly a figure wraps a bag around her head. In the struggle, the figure stabs the pen into her eye. At a mental institution not far away, Billy Lenz (Robert Mann) is being served his Christmas dinner. He is locked away, rocking back and fourth in his rocking chair, safely in his cell that is decorated with Christmas lights. The orderly serving the food gets a scare from a volunteer dressed as Santa who is looking for the children's ward. Security guard J. Bailey (Ron Selmour) makes jokes to the orderly about Billy trying to escape every year. The orderly and Santa walk away, leaving the security guard alone in the hall. Billy opens the small window on his cell and places a present wrapped in newspaper on the ledge for the security guard. The security guard opens it to find nothing that interesting, except on the newspaper is written "I'll be home for Christmas." The security guard looks into the cell to find it empty and Billy's chair rocking back and fourth. He quickly opens the cell and goes inside, to find a hole in the wall. He takes his flashlight and looks into the hole, as Billy comes from under the bed and stabs him in the neck with a candy cane. Billy leaves the cell and kills the man dressed as Santa. He steals his outfit, stuffs his body in a bag, and leaves the institution, dumping the bag in the dumpster with the man's hand sticking out from the bag. Outside of the sorority house, Kelli Presley (Katie Cassidy) and her boyfriend Kyle Autry (Oliver Hudson) are talking in his car. She tells him that she is going to spend Christmas with her roommates but that she will make it up to him. He is disappointed because this is their first Christmas together. She kisses him goodbye and goes inside the house. As she does her fellow sorority sister Megan Helms (Jessica Harmon) calls Kyle on his cell phone. Meanwhile, Megan is in her room, watching an old home made porn movie that features her and Kyle. Kyle hangs up the phone. Kelli goes inside and greets everyone, including Melissa Kitt (Michelle Trachtenberg), her best friend. Heather Fitzgerald (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), Dana Mathis (Lacey Chabert), Lauren Hannon and Ms. MacHenry (Andrea Martin), the house mother who loves all of the girls and accepts their flaws. They have a "secret Santa" gift giving thing going and Ms. Mac wants to know who got Billy. According to her, Billy (Cainan Wiebe) killed his family here. When Billy was born, he has a liver disorder that makes his skin yellow. His father loves him regardless but his mother is disappointed and wants nothing to do with him. They live in the house that is now the sorority house. As Billy gets a bit older he is treated even worse by his mother, who has become an alcoholic. On Christmas, when he is five, his mother tells him Santa was shot down by the Russians. His father, however, tells him he has a present for him hidden in a stow-away space in Billy's closet. Billy goes into his room, which will become Eve's in the present day, and finds a telescope, making him briefly very happy. However his mother and father are not getting along very well, and his mom is having an affair. Moments after finding the telescope, Billy hears arguing and looks under the door to witness his father with a bag over his head and his head being bashed in with a hammer. Billy runs back to his room as his mother and her lover take the body outside and begin to bury it in the crawl space under the house. Billy is watching this and is discovered. His mother chases him into the attic and locks him in there. All of the girls are horrified by this story but Ms. Mac assures them it is all true. Heather says she was the one who drew Billy's name for secret Santa but she thought it was wrong to buy him a gift because he was a murderer and it was offensive to the birth of Jesus to make a mockery of gift giving. Heather starts to go upstairs to her room but runs into Eve Agnew (Kathleen Kole). Eve has been upstairs the whole time and is leaving to go visit her family. She gives Heather her secret Santa gift, a crystal statue of a unicorn. Heather is less than impressed and bids Eve farewell. Eve goes towards the door but Ms. Mac tells her she has a present for her. Before she can find it, Eve leaves, obviously disappointed by Heather's reaction. Kelli and Lauren go upstairs to tell Clair and Megan they are going to open the presents. Clair obviously doesn't answer. Lauren pounds on the door and says she is going to steal her presents if she doesn't get down here. Laughing, Kelli does this on Megan's door. Megan tells them to go away and she doesn't want to open presents. They leave and Megan hears a snow globe tune playing in the attic. She goes into the attic and asks if someone is playing a joke. She gets more then she bargained for when she finds Clair's body by the window in a rocking chair. Someone comes from behind and smashes the snow globe into her head. She falls onto the ground as a bag is put over her head. She fights back, but the figure rips out one of her eyes with their bare hand! The home phone rings, Melissa answers it and puts it on loud-speaker. The caller is making all sorts of weird noises. Lauren teases him, and the caller threatens to kill Lauren before hanging up. Heather says someone is obviously sick in the head and doesn't need to be provoked by Lauren. Melissa checks the caller ID and is surprised to see it's coming from Megan's cell. They assure themselves it's just a joke. They open their presents, with Ms. Mac getting some lingerie as a gag gift. Everyone laughs and Kelli goes back upstairs to check on the girls. Kyle suddenly pops out of Megan's room. Kelli screams and the other girls rush upstairs. Kyle apologizes and says he wanted to surprise her. Ms. Mac asks if Megan is in her room and Kyle says he doesn't know. Lauren asks him how he could have just been in her room and not know if she is in there. He explains that it's really dark in there. He makes a joke about Billy getting her. He then tells everyone another story about Billy's past. Billy was kept in the attic for many years. His mother and stepfather lived happily without him. Everything was wonderful except his mom couldn't get pregnant by his step-father, and was sexually frustrated by his inability to maintain an erection. On Christmas, when Billy was twelve, she crept into the attic and had sex with him, her own son! Nine months later she gave birth to a baby girl named Agnes (Dean Friss). She loves Agnes, and uses the occasion to further reject Billy, looking up to the attic where Billy is kept, and saying in reference to Agnes, "She's my family now." Variants of this line are used repeatedly in the rest of the movie. As Agnes grew older, Billy became jealous. One Christmas, Agnes got a doll for a present. A jealous Billy releases a tantrum and breaks the attic door open and rushes to the living room, attacking Agnes and pulling out one of her eyes, stabbing his stepfather in the face and beating his mom to death with a dough roller. When the police arrive on the scene, they find him eating a cookie made from his mother's flesh. Agnes was put into an orphanage and no one knows where she is today. The girls are freaked out by the story. Kelli goes inside Megan's room and finds the porn video on the computer. She breaks down and Kyle tells her it was from a long time ago. Kelli screams for him to leave the house and he becomes enraged, calling the women "spoilt bitches." Ms. Mac goes off on him about treating Kelli like that, pushing him towards the stairs. As Kyle leaves, a figure is standing by the tree looking at the presents. Ms. Mac asks who the person is. Clair's half-sister, Leigh tells the girls that Claire never called her, telling her she was ready to be picked up and she is worried. Dana says she even had no idea Clair had a sister. Leigh explains they are only half-sisters and are trying to get to know each other. Suddenly the power goes out in the house. Dana says the circuit breaker is under the house and she will go turn it on. She goes outside and smokes, dropping her cigarette into a hole on the porch. She hears someone underneath it. Taking her flashlight she opens the door to the crawl space and looks inside. Suddenly someone grabs her, pulling her in. The two struggle as the figure grabs a gardening tool and stabs Dana in the head. Lauren is beyond drunk now, having been drinking booze the whole night. Melissa tells her she smells and needs to shower. As she showers, someone watches from a broken tile in the floor. After the shower, Lauren goes to bed. Everyone starts asking where the other girls are, since Clair, Megan and Dana have disappeared. Kelli questions what is taking Dana so long, and is even more startled when someone calls from Dana's cell number and hangs up. The rest of the girls go outside to look for Dana. Heather and Leigh find Eve's car still parked outside. They open the car door and scream as Eve's severed head rolls out. The girls scream and run back into the house, locking the door behind them. Kelli calls the police but because of the snow it may take over two hours for them to arrive. Ms. Mac tells everyone that they can pile into her car and try to find help. Kelli says that they won't get far and that they need to stick together. Heather says she wants to leave, and Ms. Mac tells the girls that they can stay and she will go with Heather to find help. The two go outside and get in the car. Ms. Mac gets out of the car to scrape the ice off of the windshield. As she begins to scrape Billy's yellow eye comes into view inside the car. Ms. Mac gasps as he kills Heather, her blood spraying all over the windshield. Ms. Mac falls against the garage door, causing an icicle to fall from above which impales her head. Leigh notices that Ms. Mac hasn't left yet. She decides to go see what's going on. Kelli decides to go out with her, leaving Melissa and a sleeping Lauren behind. As they leave the house a figure grabs Heather's unicorn statue and walks down the hall. In the garage, Leigh slips on Ms. Mac's blood and screams. Upon hearing this Melissa rushes towards the stairs. A figure grabs wraps a bag over her head, slamming her into a wall. She rips the bag off and rushes through the house and into her room. She grabs a stick and hits the figure with it. Melissa opens a window and is going to climb out but the figure throws an ice-skate at her, cutting off the back of her head. Kelli and Leigh rush inside and call for Melissa. There is no answer and they go to Lauren's room, closing the door behind them. But someone is on the other side of the door and kicks it open. It's Kyle. Leigh attacks him and he throws her against Lauren's bed, causing the covers fall off of Lauren, who is very much dead with her eyes gouged out! Everyone screams and Kyle insists he isn't the killer. Kelli calls Lauren's cell phone and hears it ringing in the attic. She explains that the killer might be in the attic with her phone. Kyle opens the attic door and is pulled inside. Kelli and Leigh try to get into the attic but the door is slams shut. Kyle fights back as a bag is put over his head. Kelli breaks the door open and witnesses Kyle being stabbed with the unicorn statue, then one of his eyes being ripped out and eaten! Leigh attacks the figure and is thrown across the attic, discovering her half-sisters body still in the rocking chair. The figure attacks Kelli and Leigh tries to help but is knocked into a hole in the floor. A bag is put over Kelli's head but she grabs a fork and stabs the figure in the eye. She gets up and sees the figure has a glass eye. It's Agnes. Kelli tells Agnes everything is okay and she doesn't have to do this. She tells him her brother isn't here, he is still locked away. Agnes tells her that she doesn't have a brother, only a father. Billy comes from behind and lights a candle. Agnes attacks Kelli but is knocked into another hole in the floor that pins her between the walls! Billy pushes Kelli into the same hole, accidentally knocking over the candle. Kelli has grabbed onto a string of Christmas light attached to a small tree, trying to keep from falling completely in. She screams for help as Agnes starts to crawl up the hole. Leigh comes to her rescue, smashing open the wall. Agnes grabs Leigh's head but she manages to fight her off. Leigh runs through the house and smashes out another wall, finally reaching the spot where Kelli is trapped. Billy is climbing into the hole and Agnes is crawling up it! Leigh grabs Kelli and pulls her to safety as the Christmas tree catches fire (along with the rest of the attic) and falls into the hole, burning Agnes and Billy. The two survivors rush outside. At the hospital Kelli is going to have some tests done to make sure she is okay. Leigh has a present in her hand from Clair. She tells Kelli she wants to open it now because she won't be able to open it in front of her family. She says that she is glad she got to know Clair before all of this happened. She opens the present and finds a watch engraved with "Family Forever." She starts to cry as a nurse comes in and tells Kelli they need her for some x-rays. Some time later Leigh goes back to Kelli room to see if she is back from the x-rays. A body with blonde hair lays in the bed, but as she approaches the person turns over to reveal Agnes. Leigh screams as Agnes grabs her by the throat and snaps her neck. Kelli comes back into the room and feels something is wrong. She finds Leigh's new watch. She sees blood on the ceiling above her and starts to leave the room, but Agnes grabs her from behind the curtain and starts to strangle her. Kelli grabs a defibrillator paddle and shocks Agnes in the head with it, killing her. This is the ending for the UK version. The US version continues from here when Billy comes down from the ceiling, as Kelli rushes from the room. She grabs some crutches that are in the hall and starts to beat him with it. She turns to run, thinking he is unconscious but he grabs her foot, causing her to fall over a medical cart. Billy grabs a scalpel from the pile of medical supplies now on the floor and takes chase. Kelli rushes to the stairs as Billy comes from behind, slashing her with the scalpel. She grabs him and throws him over the stairway, causing him to fall on top of the Christmas tree below, impaling him. His intestines spew out, he is very much dead, and Kelli is left to look on in shock as the credits start...
tt0430304
Comedy,Crime
Calvin (Marlon Wayans) has just been released from prison. They open the door of the prison to reveal him to be a midget. His accomplice, wannabe rapper Percy (Tracy Morgan), picks up Calvin and tells him they need to get a diamond from a local jewelry store, which will pay each of them 50,000 dollars. Percy (P-Unit) says he needs it to start his record studio. Meanwhile, at a swank restaurant, Darryl (Shawn Wayans) is talking to his friend Jimmy (David Alan Grier), telling him to come out when the time is right. Soon Vanessa (Kerry Washington) arrives and tells Darryl she has news. Right before she says it all, Darryl's friend pops out playing "Gonna Have My Baby". She says that she actually got a promotion, and he pops out singing "Celebration" before shouting out, "REMIX!" Eventually he is shooed by Darryl, and it is revealed she doesn't want a baby like Darryl does. Eventually, Calvin and Percy reach the jewelry store, where the diamond is located. They go inside the store, with Calvin in a duffel bag. Percy puts down the bag and begins to talk to a worker, who, after Percy tells her he is a rapper, begins acting "gangsta" to get his business. Meanwhile, Calvin goes under the table holding the diamond and removes the diamond by sawing a circle under the table and removing it. Calvin then gets back in the bag and crawls back to where Percy dropped him. Also, a dog gets in the bag with Calvin not knowing. When Percy picks up the bag, an old lady notices her dog is missing and alerts security, leading to the diamond's disappearance being noticed. Percy runs out with the bag and they get in the car. As they take off, they only drive around in circles, as a boot got put on their car. They then get out and run on foot as two police men chase them. They hide in a store while police find another black guy and begin beating him. Meanwhile, Calvin hides the diamond in a lady's purse to get rid of the evidence. Calvin and Percy meet up after police leave, believing they lost their man. They decide to follow the couple home. When they reach their home, they discover that Darryl wants a baby. This leads to the idea to disguise Calvin as a baby and get the diamond back. Percy rings the bell and hides in the bushes. Darryl and Vanessa answer the door, finding the "baby" and a note from Percy asking them to take care for his baby because he could not. After an attempt to call child services, they discover they can't bring him in, as they're closed. When they change his diaper, they are in shock. Vanessa's father (John Witherspoon) lives with them. He's the only one who doesn't trust the baby. After Calvin coughs horribly, they decide to take him to the doctors. At the doctors, they discover a scar from a knife fight or appendix removal, as well as a tattoo, which they blame on bad parenting. After the checkup, Calvin steals the purse with the diamond in it while Darryl and Vanessa try to figure out what they have to do with the baby. Darryl wants to keep him while Vanessa wants to get rid of him. Calvin, meanwhile, runs into a police officer outside the room, who treats him like a baby. Before he can check the purse, Vanessa finds him and grabs the purse. Right when she is about to turn Calvin over, he calls her "Mama", leading to her keeping him for the weekend. After bringing him home, they decide to invite their friends to meet the baby and loan them baby stuff for the weekend. During the weekend, Calvin has to suffer several unpleasant humiliations, such as bath time. He believes Vanessa will be joining him in the bath, only for it to be Darryl. Darryl strips naked, jumps in the bath and Vanessa leaves them. It is here that Darryl decides to relieve himself of a large build up of flatulence and breaks wind several times in the bath. Calvin is forced to suffer all through bath time, as Darryl's flatulence is incessant and he breaks wind powerfully and without hesitation. Cut to Percy going into a shady bar run by mafia kingpin Walken (Chazz Palminteri) who offered to pay them for the diamond. He threatens Percy, telling him he had 24 hours before his goons would get involved. Back at the home, Darryl and Vanessa's friends arrive. They include Greg (Lochlyn Munro), Brittany (Brittany Daniel), Richard (Fred Stoller) and Janet (Alex Borstein). They take turns trying to describe the ugly baby, such as "National Geographic Beauty". Brittany and Janet go into the kitchen with Calvin. Calvin pulls himself onto Brittany, who suggests breast feeding after he tugs at her breasts a few times. He says yes, expecting her to do it, but is sadly mistaken when Janet offers to do it. Calvin bites her and runs away. Soon we see their friends leave, with Brittany stopping to give Calvin a kiss, leading to him frenching her. After all their friends leave, Vanessa and Darryl put Calvin to bed. Calvin decides to stay up and wait to take the diamond and leave, but is incapable of fighting off the lullaby, and falls asleep. He wakes up later that night and goes downstairs to call Percy and get the diamond. While on the phone, though, Pops comes in, shotgun in hand. He starts threatening Calvin before Darryl comes in. Darryl takes Calvin away, not believing Pops, and warms up some milk for him. He then sits Calvin down and begins an emotional speech about wanting to be a father. Vanessa watches as he talks, and finally laughs as Darryl and Calvin drink their milk. When asked why, she reveals the milk to be Janet's breast milk. This causes both of them to spit it out. Darryl and Vanessa begin getting romantic as Calvin watches in his crib. The next morning, Vanessa wakes up as Darryl comes in. She looks happy, saying she can't remember the last time they did it twice in one night. He looks puzzled as Calvin comes up from under the blanket. Vanessa makes a nice breakfast for Pops and Darryl. Pops comes down while Calvin is watching a kids show. She gives Pops his breakfast while he turns the TV to the news. Right before they show a photo of Calvin, the suspect of the diamond heist, he repeatedly cries out D-Rex, leading Vanessa to change it back. Pops begins to read the paper as Calvin eyes his breakfast. Soon he jumps over and grabs his food, one item at a time. Eventually Pops realizes his food is gone and blames Calvin. Vanessa brushes him off as he leaves for a diner. Darryl comes down stairs and grabs his breakfast as Vanessa leaves for work. He begins to feed Calvin who hides his face, prompting a game of peek-a-boo. Soon Calvin gets tired of it and smacks him over the head with a frying pan. As Calvin drags Darryl's body, he grabs the diamond out of her purse. Vanessa comes back in as she forgot her purse and wakes up Darryl from his unconsciousness. She scolds him for sleeping, and he looks puzzled. Calvin hides the diamond in a diaper bag while Vanessa leaves. Darryl and Calvin go to the park and play multiple games, each one resulting with Darryl getting hit between the legs. Eventually Darryl and his friends go for ice cream, leaving Calvin with Brittany and Janet. Percy shows up as Calvin tries to find the right diaper bag. He grabs one as the moms find him, thinking he was trying to kidnap Calvin. They chase Percy down as he tries to run off with the bag. He gets beaten before getting away. Darryl arrives and hears the news, deciding to take Calvin home. As they load the car, Calvin begs for keys. He keeps on whining and kicking Darryl in the shin until he gives Calvin the keys. Calvin gets in the car and takes off, leading Darryl to believe someone stole the car. He stops the mini van driver (Molly Shannon) and begs her to chase down the car. She does and drives like a mad man as she tracks down the car. After a lengthy chase, the car is stopped, and the police open the car to reveal Calvin crying in the backseat. The police are convinced the car jacker got away. Calvin is tied up and Darryl debates going to a hockey game. They decide to go to the game with Calvin. At the game, Calvin takes the diamond and swallows it to hide it from Darryl. He then grabs a beer from the man next to him and drinks it to keep it down. The drink lady comes down and asks if he wants some more, and he gets some, as do Darryl and his two friends. Calvin makes a crude comment ("nice ass!") as the lady passes Darryl and she believes it was him, calling him a pig. Calvin calls her a tramp, and she pours a beer on Darryl. Calvin drinks the beer again, leading him(the guy to Calvins left) to believe Darryl did it. Soon a cheap check costs a visiting team's player a trip to the box as fans boo him. He then challenges all of them, and Calvin throws a beer at the man. The player, thinking it was Darryl, comes into the stands and Calvin climbs up on top of the player and attacks him. The man then throws Calvin to the ground and stomps on him. We see a bruised Calvin in bed as Darryl talks about not being a good father. Then he decides to throw Calvin a birthday party. Percy brings the diaper bag to Walken, who opens it to reveal nothing but dirty diapers and other baby items. He is then told by the Walken that he'll give him more time, but he better deliver. After Percy leaves, the boss tells his men that he suspects betrayal by Percy's partner, and to follow Percy. At the birthday party, Calvin picks a fight with D-Rex (Rob Schneider), by calling him a loser in a blue dinosaur suit who has no money. Then that leads to Calvin running behind D-Rex,ripping his tail wide open,crawling up into his suit, and beating him up from the inside! Eventually Darryl gets Calvin away from the dead D-Rex to play football with the other boys and their dads. At the start, the other team, led by Greg who stiff arms the children, are winning. Soon though, Calvin and another kid decide to kick it up a notch and use brutal force to take down the other team, leading them to victory. After Greg gets hit between the legs by Calvin making a touchdown, his son walks up to him(Greg),says "Dad,you suck!,"and kicks him in the head. Meanwhile, Darryl answers a knock at the door where Percy says he is Calvin's father here to get him. Darryl beats him up, which the mob goons see, leading them to believe Darryl was Percy's partner, and he took the diamond for himself. Meanwhile, Pops watches the news at a diner and sees Calvin as the prime suspect in the diamond heist. He decides to stop him. Back at the party, Calvin is given a cake and begins to cry, as he never had a birthday or parents. Pops shows up with a teddy bear, saying he was wrong about Calvin. Calvin goes inside where he sees Janet give her son Castor Oil. Calvin decides to drink it and poop out the diamond. He drinks it and goes as Vanessa and Darryl watch. Darryl leaves Vanessa to change his diaper, where she finds the diamond, thinking it to be a diamond for her ring, which had none. She decides to take him out to dinner, leaving Pops and Calvin alone. It is now that Calvin reveals to Pops that he is a criminal. He then beats up Pops and calls Percy, telling him to show up in an hour. At the restaurant, Darryl tries to tell Vanessa that he didn't get that for her, but he stops when she says she wants to adopt Calvin. Afterwards, Vanessa and Darryl come home to find Pops strangling Calvin. Vanessa then calls the retirement home, who come to take away Pops. He shouts "The teddy bear knows!" Before being taken away. Vanessa puts Calvin in bed as she cries and goes in the bathroom. Darryl remembers the bear comment and finds the bear, revealing it to be a camera. He hooks it up to the TV, and watches as Calvin reveals himself not to be a baby to Pops on screen. He runs upstairs to tell Vanessa, both of whom discover Calvin to be missing as is the diamond. Percy, while driving with Calvin, tells his partner that Walken thinks Darryl betrayed Percy and he has the diamond, so they are free to keep the diamond. Calvin realizes Darryl and Vanessa are in danger and he needs to go back. He does and finds Darryl, where the two confront each other about him lying about being a baby. Calvin apologizes, and before it can go any farther, the Walken and his two goons bust in. They threaten to hurt Calvin and Darryl. Eventually, Calvin knocks out the goons while the boss threatens Darryl while still maintaining his baby disguise. Calvin comes in and throws a plane that hits the boss below the waist. The police come in and arrest the mob boss and his goons. Calvin returns the diamond to the police and they tell Darryl he will receive a 100,000 dollar reward. After the police leave, Darryl and Calvin have a tearful goodbye, where Calvin reveals he liked being their kid. Darryl follows Calvin outside and they decide to go to a bar. During the credits, though, Pops and Calvin are looking at Vanessa and Janet's baby. Calvin remarks that the baby looks just like his father.
tt0384642
Comedy,Family,Romance
Phil Weston (Will Ferrell) has been unathletic his entire life. In college he failed at every sport that he tried out for. It looks like his 10-year old son, Sam (Dylan McLaughlin), is following in his footsteps. Sam is riding the bench on the best soccer team in the league, which just happens to be coached by Phil's father, Buck (Robert Duvall). Buck has been competitive his whole life and winning is everything to him. Buck trades Sam to the last place Tigers team. The coach of the Tigers quits, and Phil becomes the new coach, even though he has never coached in his life. Phil gets a neighbor, Mike Ditka of the Chicago Bears, to help him coach. Mike recruits two Italian soccer kids to the Tigers. The Tigers start winning, and they get to play in the championship game against Buck's team. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0444682
Horror,Thriller
Father Costigan (Stephen Rea) find that his photo collection burning very selectively. When he puts them together, he finds they form a pattern of an upside down sickle, with a cross through it. This symbol is the inverted astrological symbol for Ceres (), thought to represent motherly love. When the symbol is inverted, as it is in this movie, it is believed by some to be a Satanic symbol. Meanwhile in Concepción, Chile, Katherine Winter (Hilary Swank) and assistant Ben (Idris Elba) are investigating claims of a miracle. Upon exploring the area, Katherine uncovers a cache of hazardous waste illegally stashed in an underground oil well, which has ruptured and is causing the effects of the 'miracle', as well as infecting the local people. When Katherine returns home to Louisiana, she receives a call from Father Costigan, who warns her that it was her face burning in his photographs and that it is a warning from God. Katherine ignores the warning. Doug (David Morrissey), a science teacher from the small town of Haven, begs Katherine's help in finding a reason for the local river turning red (1st plague), which the locals believe is a plague caused by a twelve year old girl who witnessed (and they think caused) her older brother's death. Doug says that the girl lives in an area that was abandoned by most of the townsfolk after it was hit by several hurricanes. Katherine and Ben examine the river, and send a sample of the water to a lab to be analyzed. While there Katherine meets Loren McConnell (Anna Sophia Robb). They also bear witness to dead frogs falling into the lake (2nd plague), apparently out of the high trees. That evening they encounter flies (4th plague), which ruin their dinner, and disease (5th plague) which kills off all of Jim Wakeman's (David Jensen) cows. Katherine insists that there is a scientific explanation for all these plagues. The town doesn't have a motel, so Doug invites them to spend the night at his house. That evening, the power goes out, and Katherine goes to Doug, who is outside at his wife's grave. The two exchange personal information on their histories, with Doug convincing Katherine to drink alcohol made by the locals. Katherine was once an ordained minister, and took her husband and daughter to the Sudan for missionary work. But after a year long drought, the locals sacrificed Katherine's family to God to get it to rain, leaving Katherine disillusioned. They eventually depart back to the house. In a vision, Katherine and Doug, apparently succumbing to their growing feelings for one another, have passionate sex. As they do so, Katherine sees images of Loren, and her own tragic history as well, before waking up. In the morning Katherine goes to the McConnells' house alone, where she finds the cult symbol carved on the walls. She meets Loren again and has a vision with some incomplete depiction of what really happened with Loren and her brother. She also meets Loren's mother, who asks Katherine to kill her daughter, and is then attacked by a maniacal Loren. Katherine is asked to get out by Loren's mother. Meanwhile in town, Ben and Doug learn of the cult. Shortly after learning of the cult the test results return and prove that the river was in fact turned to human blood. The citizens are having to shave the heads of all their children due to a mass outbreak of lice (3rd plague) and degenerate into a mob, ready to go out and kill Loren themselves. Katherine insists that there is a scientific explanation for everything, and tries to stop the mob from killing Loren. Ben and Doug try to get the mayor to evacuate the town, but he and his staff are struck down with boils (6th plague) and so, helpless. Against her better judgment, Katherine calls Father Costigan, who explains to her that the symbol he saw was that of a satanic cult. He informs her that they sacrifice every second born in an attempt to create "a perfect child", with "the eyes of the Devil" to bring them power. He also states that at some point, an angel, who cannot be harmed by the cult, will appear to destroy them. He insists that Loren is that "perfect child" in Satan's image (a rare look of a girl as the Anti-Christ) and the plagues may just be a trick of Satan to protect that child. He also tries to convince Katherine that she is the angel sent forth by God to destroy this cult, and hence she has to kill Loren. As he tells Katherine all this, a supernatural force begins to burn everything in Costigan's room, trapping him inside and killing him. Desperate to find logical answers, Katherine goes to the McConnell house alone, where she finds the sacrificial chamber and cult symbols in a basement. She sees Loren's mother, who tells Katherine that "he controls her [Loren] now", then Loren's mother kills herself. Loren finds Katherine, but is distracted by the arrival of the townsfolk. The sheriff and angry people of town gather around the McConnell house, preparing to attack and kill Loren, but suddenly thousands of locusts come to the area (8th plague). The locusts appear to be under Loren's control, and they swarm Small, his son and the sheriff, and kill them. The signs are getting harder to ignore, and Katherine begins to believe that the plagues do have a supernatural cause, and that she should kill Loren. Ben and Doug run away from the locusts, and Katherine locks herself inside the house to escape them. Ben hides in a crypt, and calls Katherine to say that he's trapped, since Loren is outside. Katherine hurries after him, knowing that she is the only one Loren trusts. When she arrives and finds Ben dead, she confronts Loren. Darkness falls (9th plague) and fireballs shoot from the sky (7th plague). Katherine overpowers Loren and is about to kill her when they share a bit of a vision, which shows Maddie and Brody McConnell holding someone's arms down. Loren says she's lucky that God sent Katherine to her. They have a longer vision, of the cult trying to kill Loren, who was a second-born child. Loren escaped and her brother Brody stabbed her, but her wound miraculously instantly healed, and Brody died. Katherine realizes that Loren is innocent, that she didn't murder her brother, that the townsfolk are the evil ones, and that she has to protect Loren from them, rather than help them kill her. She realizes that Loren is the angel that God sent. The townsfolk surround the two of them, and Doug tries to get Katherine to kill Loren. God is protecting Loren from the townsfolk, and only an ordained servant of God like Katherine can kill her. The townsfolk turned their back on God years ago after their town was hit by several hurricanes, and they invited Katherine to investigate the miracles because they hoped she would join them, since she had also turned her back on God after her family was killed. But Katherine remains on Loren's side, in part because she associates Loren with her own daughter, who was sacrificed to the Sudanese in a similar way to how these townsfolk are trying to sacrifice Loren. She also realizes that Doug was the one who killed Ben, and that he framed Loren to try to get Katherine to kill her. Katherine reminds them that because they had sacrificed generations of second-borns, the town was comprised exclusively of first-borns. At this stage, the fire begins raining down on the townsfolk, killing them (10th plague). Doug holds a knife to Katherine's throat, telling her that if Loren is not killed, she will die too. Katherine tells Loren that she shouldn't be afraid, because this is God's will. This proves that Katherine finally believes again. Doug tries to use Katherine as a shield, but Loren manipulates the fire to destroy Doug, while sparing Katherine. The movie ends with Katherine and Loren driving away together. Katherine says that they will be a family and it will be just the two of them. Loren, with her own abilities, tells Katherine it will be three: her, Katherine and the baby she is carrying. Katherine is pregnant with Doug's son, the knowledge of which causes Katherine to remember when she envisioned herself with Doug that night: Doug, as part of the community's attempts to create a demon baby, gave Katherine alcohol spiked with an intoxicant. After drinking it and becoming near-comatose, Doug proceeded to strip and rape her, and remove all evidence before she woke up the next day with no memory. Katherine fears her son may be the prophesied demonic child.
tt0380389
Drama,Romance,Sport
The film starts with a clip showing Santiago Munez playing football as a child in Mexico. The same night, his family illegally enter into the United States to find a better living. Santi grows up in the USA and works with his father as a gardener. At night he works as a busboy in a Chinese restaurant. He also plays football for a small local team called AJFC. He goes to play a match one day after his work with his father, where he is forced to use a pair of cardboard pieces as shin guards as he cannot afford any. He saves his money and hides it in his shoes every night to purchase a football kit. The next day, while playing football, he is noticed by Glen Foy, an ex-Newcastle player, scout and car mechanic. Glen tells Santi that on the next match day, he will call an agent who was in US to set up a meeting with the Newcastle manager. The agent, Barry Rankin, does not turn up and lies that he is in a meeting. Later, Glen himself calls the Newcastle boss and convinces him to give Santiago a trial. Glen then tells Santiago that, if he can get to England, he will be allowed a tryout with Newcastle United. Santiago would like nothing more in the world than to join the club. However, he does not have sufficient funds, so he decides to save up some more money and use it along with his hidden stash. He returns home one afternoon, however, to find that his father has stolen his money hidden in the shoes, and used it to purchase a new Chevy truck, so they can have their own gardening business and not work for another business. When Santiago confronts his father, he explains that "this is how things get better! This is how you measure a man's life," to him. Santiago suddenly shouts at him "It's Your life!" and sulks in his room. His grandmother (who is an even bigger football fan than him) sells off part of her jewellery and buys a ticket for Santi to travel from Los Angeles to Mexico City by train and catch the plane to London from there (since he is an illegal immigrant he couldn't travel from Los Angeles to London) On arrival in England, Glen warmly welcomes Santi to his house and arranges for a trial. Santi completely messes up his first trial and is rejected by the manager. Glen then manages to convince the manager that Santi was nervous and jetlagged. Glen requested for a month's trial, which is accepted. At the same time, Newcastle signs Gavin Harris. Santi successfully passes the medical test by lying about his asthma condition, and meets the club's nurse Roz Harmison. One night, Santi and teammate Jamie, go clubbing and bump into Roz. After a month, in a reserve game, another jealous teammate crushes Santi's inhaler (Santi has asthma which he deliberately hides from the club officials because he thought he would not get the try out if they knew). His performance is very poor in the match as he is not able to run. He is then removed from the club. On his way to the airport, Santi accidentally meets Harris on the same taxicab because he's late for training as his car tires have been stolen. Harris remembers seeing Santi in the club and finds out what happened in the reserve game. Harris convinces the manager to extend Santi's stay at the club. After treatment at the club, Santi is able to play more confidently and aggressively in the reserves. He finally makes it into the first team, even though he thought that he was dropped entirely from the reserves. He starts as a substitute against a match against Fulham as many of the first team players were injured. He gets his chance when a player is injured and manages to win a penalty for Newcastle which ultimately won them the match. Meanwhile his father watches the match on TV in the USA and is very proud of his son. The manager keeps telling Santi that his weakness was that he does not pass the ball (the manager also said he doesn't pass the ball in a training session). Santi is then transferred back to the reserves. Santi thinking he won't be able to stay long at the club goes to St. James' Park to feel how it is to play on the pitch. The manager tells him to get off the pitch and that he could get the feeling when he played in Newcastle's final game against Liverpool. In the training session before the match, Santi's father dies of heart attack. Santi is completely demoralized and heartbroken though his father always criticized him. He decides to stay and play for the team in the final match rather than go back. Also his friend Jamie tore a ligament in his leg and was told by Roz, who is now Santi's girlfriend, that Jamie would never play football again. In the match against Liverpool, Newcastle takes the lead first thanks to a goal from Harris. Before half-time, Liverpool makes a comeback with two goals, one from Igor Biscan and one from Milan Baros. In the dying minutes before injury time, Santi assists Harris in scoring the equalizer by finally passing the ball to him and correcting his major drawback in football. In the dying minutes of the injury time, Harris is tripped. Harris decides to make Santi take the final free kick. Santi scores with a beautiful free kick swinging away from the Liverpool goalkeeper. After the game ends 3-2 to Newcastle, Glen runs down the stands and gives his mobile saying that Santi's grandmother had called. She is very happy and proud and congratulates her grandson. She also adds that his father did watch his first match. Roz then blows kisses to him. The film ends with Santiago shedding tears of joy while embracing his realized dream.
tt0425430
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The movie begins in black and white with Mary Rollins (Shirley McQueen) hiding away her two children, teenage daughter Lindsay (Tatiana Maslany) and young boy Michael (Jodelle Ferland) in an old farm house. She tells her son to be a big boy as they enter a bedroom. All this has been in black and white. The door is closed and begins to shake, the mother puts the boy under the bed. He is crying and she tries to hush him up. The door bangs open and an invisible force throws her against the wall. The mysterious shadow leaves, the boy runs into the hall to his sister. She is just as scared and she asks 'Where's mom?' The force throws her over the banister of the stairs, later she is dragged into the basement by her feet, leaving deep nail marks in the floor. The boy runs into the kitchen and hides in a cupboard. However, the thing comes and after a heart stopping moment pulls him out. The screen fades to black. Title credits roll. Now the screen is colour and we see a car driving down the highway. They talk and come into the farm we saw at the beginning. Jess (Kristen Stewart) gets out of the car and goes into the house alone. She looks around and behind her the cupboard opens and closes behind her. She looks in and sees a little wind up tractor way back at the back. She reaches in trying to reach it and it lurches forward and begins to move. She is going back out and hears a noise from the basement and the door is locked when she tries it. She notices some strange marks on the wooden floor (the marks which Lindsay had scratched off). Jess goes upstairs and her dad Roy (Dylan McDermott) talks to her about how much she likes the house. Denise (Penelope Ann Miller) is Jess' mother and sees a watermark on the walls and starts scrubbing it. Later she is flipping the sheets and making waves and the little boy Ben (Evan and Theodore Turner) sees two bloody legs under the sheets. Jess and mom share an odd moment and Jess goes to the basement to put boxes down there when she hears a noise. A drifter called John Burwell (John Corbett) happens to pass by and is hired to work the sunflower fields. Dad will pay him later when the harvest is sold. Jess is continually drawn to the cellar with unsettling results. She sees a childlike ghost figure that leaves her with bruises on her arm landing her in the ER. Her parents have left her alone at home babysitting her brother, and she phones the police terrified because they are being attacked and the house is crumbling down. The policeofficer (Michael Daingerfield) says they will let things be only this once, but that if she ever again phones the police saying that there is a lot of damage and nothing has happened, there will be consequences. The doctor (Anna Hagan) asks the parents if she's had any personal issues that would cause her to want to hurt herself. Mom explains she's struggled a bit with "emotional issues" from the Chicago they left behind. On the car ride home she explains "these things attacked me" but dad wants none of it saying she did it to herself. Jess goes into the house to see a pocket watch open by itself to show a woman's photo inside. Mom and Dad argue about the move to the country and ensuing problems, especially because Roy rejected an offer to buy the farm to some other unkown person with a 15% extra over the price they paid for it, without even telling her. The realty seller Colby Price (William B. Davis) seems weird, but he doesn't seem to have anything to do with the farm mystery afterwards. Jess takes off on her bicycle and meets up with a boy from town. They ride together into town in his pickup and they discuss how she thinks the Rollins didn't just "leave" the town for good, they died. She shares the story of her drunk driving accident that caused little Ben to be hospitalized. Ben hasn't spoken since. The treatment of Ben's condition has added to the financial pressures of the family, but to no avail. Back at the farm mom is having chat with Ben. He points outside toward the barn and she asks "what did you see?" He points again at the barn and she asks what he sees and he makes an ugly face pulling down is eyes with his fingers. The crows come back in flocks and begin to attack drifter John out in the sunflower fields. He is beaten by the crows but survives. Denise puts Ben to bed and hears a creaking sound. The stain in the wall is lifesize now as a body appears in 3-D form. In town Jess goes to the local drug store with her friend Bobby (Dustin Milligan) to watch again the newspaper cutouts. Jess sees a photo of the Rollins family. The man in the photo is the drifter John. Back at the farm, John remembers his bad harvest; has a flashback of himself overwon by the situation, and the bank manager flashing a deed. He heads to the house as Denise is readying to leave the house with Ben. John flashes back to his own wife and child who were about to leave him and he thinks Denise is his wife Mary. She escapes from him hiding behind a locked door. Jess and her friend arrive back from town and call for mom and Ben while walking through the house with an axe. They are chased through the house by John with walls getting marked up along the way. Jess goes down to the cellar and finds Denise and Ben. They all have seen something. John calls for Mary threatening her with a pitchfork demanding that she opens the door. John continues his search through the house for his "family" while Denise, Jess and Ben hide in the cellar. Dad arrives back home and asks Bobby where they are. Upon seeing Jess, Roy takes it in the back with John's pitchfork. John knocks Jess about in the cellar. Random objects begin moving toward a spot on the floor and then disappear into a hole. Jess narrowly avoids the pitchfork. She pushes away drifter John and he falls into a now liquified pit, pulled down by the aparitions of the murdered former family. They swallow up John into the pitch-black mud. When John is killed, they think it's over. The pit inhabitants aren't done yet as they reach for Jess. She is saved by Roy and Denise. The police come to investigate and Roy is taken to the hospital seriously injured but alive nonetheless. Some time afterwards Jess is smiling. The future has Ben speaking, the crops growing and everyone seems happy! However several crows fly around the farm in a flock...
tt0424993
Comedy,Romance
Vince Downey (Dax Shepard) is the head cashier and winner of 17 consecutive Employee of the Month awards at Super Club. If he wins one more Employee of the Month, he will be put in the Super Club's Hall of Fame and win a new-'ish' car. Zack Bradley (Dane Cook), who is the ultimate slacker, has been working at Super Club for 10 years, and is still at the bottom job, working as a box boy. Then Amy (Jessica Simpson) enters the picture; she is a new cashier transferring in from another Super Club store. Amy has a reputation of dating men who have won Employee of the Month at the other store, Vince and Zack want to date Amy, so the fight is on to win Employee of the Month! Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0482599
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Shutter tells the story of photographer Ben (Joshua Jackson) and his new wife Jane (Rachael Taylor). The film begins with the couple's wedding, and the audience learns that they are planning to leave their apartment in Brooklyn for Japan, where Ben has been hired to take pictures for a particular client. The couple has made the decision to leave for Japan a few days early, renting a cabin so they can enjoy a shorter honeymoon. In the car on the way to the cabin, Jane gets lost and asks a sleeping Ben to check the map. While attempting to get their bearings, Jane sees a girl walk into the road. She hits the girl, and swerves off the road, crashing the car into a tree. They both fall unconscious. When she awakens, Jane realizes the girl could very well still be laying in the road, and rushes out of the car to find her, Ben on her heels. They find nothing, and Ben thinks that the girl was already found and has gotten the medical help that she would need. He also thinks the injuries weren't life-threatening, as they cannot find any blood or evidence of a collision and wants to call for help. Later, help does arrive for them, and they are able to continue with their travel to the cabin, but Jane is haunted by the image of the girl. Ben's shoulder is bothering him, since the accident. Jane tells him he needs to get it checked out. Ben chooses to ignore it, and at the cabin, they are able to enjoy a few day long honeymoon, and Ben wants to take pictures to record the event. Days later, Ben has to report for work with his friend Bruno (David Denman) Jane accompanies him but is somewhat left to her own devices as Ben needs to meet with the clients right away. We learn that Ben is fluent in Japanese, while Jane is not. Later, the pair are taken to their home, a building of which they are the solo occupants, and also the home of Ben's photography studio. Jane notices an alcove where an old chair sits, and the image sticks with her. After meeting Ben's assistant Seiko (Maya Hazen), Jane again is left to her own devices while Ben works. She eventually gets the photos from the honeymoon, which are full of a mysterious light, and in showing the photos to Ben, makes the realization that something is off with them. Ben simply assumes there was an error with the camera. Seiko mentions that the light is not from a camera error, but from spirit energy. Interested, Jane asks how she knows what the light is, to which Seiko responds that her ex-boyfriend runs a spirit photography magazine. She insists that Jane meet her ex the next day after work, and Ben, hearing that the girls have made plans to go out, jokes that "the girls have a date". That night, Ben, Jane, Bruno, his date and Adam (John Hensley) go out to a traditional Japanese restaurant. Here we learn that Adam is a model agent, but that his motives may not be in the best interest for the models. The next day, Jane heads with Seiko to see the spirit photography magazine Seiko's ex Yoko (Eri Otoguro). While there, Jane learns that the magazine is mostly full of fake photographs, but that 1) a Polaroid picture cannot be faked and 2) a psychic named Murase (Kei Yamamoto) was written up by the magazine for his efforts in analyzing the photos. Later, Jane tells Ben about her visit and asks him to go with her. Ben's shoulder continues to bother him, and he goes to the doctor. While there, he is weighed a couple of times, and the doctor tells him that there is no source of injury, but that he will give him some medicine for the pain. Rattled himself by the presence of the light in some of his work photos which have landed him in hot water with the client and a random encounter with 'someone' in the darkroom, he agrees to travel with Jane to visit Murase. Once at the home of Murase, Jane and Ben show him the photos and tell him that there was an accident and they believe this spirit may be that of the girl Jane hit. Ben serves as translator between the two. Murase takes the photos and begins to speak very emotionally, but Ben does not translate all of what he says, and tells her they are leaving. Ben does tell her that spirits bond with humans when extreme emotions (love, hate, anger, etc) are involved. Jane later looks at the photos of the project that were ruined by the light, and decides to go visit the office building in the photo that the light seems to be around. Armed with a borrowed Polaroid camera from Ben's studio, she heads to the building to take pictures and see if she finds any proof of the spirit's presence in the building. When she gets there, she goes to the floor where the light has gathered, and takes pictures in the empty office. She has her first encounter, and learns the girl's name Megumi Okina through a picture frame that falls on the ground and shatters. Megumi is in the photo and when looking at it, Jane learns that her husband Ben took the photograph. When she confronts Ben about it, he admits that he and Megumi were involved in a relationship, but that she became obsessive and clingy, despite the fact that her traditional Japanese family did not approve of the pair. If anything, the disapproval made Megumi even more clingy to Ben, who was trying his hardest to balance work and his blossoming relationship. Megumi's father, the main person who did not approve of the pair, dies, and Megumi becomes obsessive and even at one point becomes suicidal. Realizing this is too much for him to handle, Ben quits Megumi. Ben, admitting that he never loved her, gets Adam and Bruno to speak to her about the fact that the relationship is over and that she needs to stop following him around. Jane is upset with that, but decides they have to find Megumi. Ben talks to Bruno, who says that he recently saw Megumi on the street, she was pointing at him. Adam is at his photography studio taking pictures of a prospective model, an Australian hostess that he mentioned at the dinner. He asks her to take off her clothing, except her underwear, and goes to get his camera from a box full of scantily-clad women. We get the impression that his motives at this point are not good at all. He begins taking pictures and starts seeing Megumi through the camera lens. He keeps stopping taking pictures, which begins to irritate the model. He is ready to take another picture, and the next thing we see is that the camera lens has shattered in his eye. Meanwhile, Ben and Jane are at Megumi's home looking for evidence of her location. They find her, seemingly having been dead for a long time, as flies and decay have began, along with bottles of potassium cyanide strewn along the floor. They are still in shock over this discovery when Ben receives a call from Bruno about Adam's accident. Ben says that they will meet Bruno at the hospital. After being at the hospital for a while and Bruno does not turn up, Ben calls his cellphone in an effort to find out when he'll get there. Bruno answers but does not say anything, and as the camera pans out, the audience sees that he is slicing up photographs (into shapes of origami) with a razor blade and his hands are all bloody. Ben tells Bruno's voicemail that they desperately need him at the hospital because Adam didn't make it. Ben and Jane leave the hospital and head to Bruno's home to see if he is there. When they arrive, they find all his picture frames are still on the walls, but the photos are all cut up on the table, and that the television is loud and blaring. Ben begins to look around for him, while Jane examines the photos on the table. She sees Bruno standing at the end of the hall, and it appears he is charging at her. Ben calls out to him, and Bruno runs past Jane (who dives out of the way) and jumps off the balcony of his high-rise and goes crashing onto the concrete. He is dead. Ben is visibly distraught. Ben and Jane have decided to return to New York at this point, when in a voiceover, Ben says that Megumi's funeral will be in a few days, she will be cremated, and after the service, they can return home. When they return home to pack things, Jane opens a Fed-Ex that she has received containing photos of their wedding, and Jane makes the statement, "we aren't going anywhere". Megumi is present in their wedding photos. They decide to leave the apartment and go to a hotel to spend the night. That night, Ben is haunted by images of Megumi in the room, her brushing her hair, her looking at him, her sitting on the floor, her initiating sex with him...all while Jane sleeps. He is very upset and somewhat frantic, and the ghost of Megumi confronts him with a kiss, and Jane wakes to find him choking. She watches him choke and attempts to help him, gets caught by the ghost in a curtain and smashed up against a window which cracks. In her desperation, Jane finally yells, "He didn't love you!" to which Megumi stops. Ben is gasping for air, but alive. At Megumi's funeral, her body is cremated. Ben and Jane watch the process and hold hands. They return to New York, where seemingly all is over. However, this is not the case. Ben is out, seemingly at work, when Jane wants to take a picture of the rose petal shaped heart Ben has left her with a disposable camera. However, the camera is full of ready-to-be-developed pictures. She heads out to start her day and takes the camera with her, seemingly to drop it off at a developer. When she returns home, she has the photos in an envelope. While preparing dinner, she opens the envelope and is shocked by what she sees. In the pictures, of her and Ben frolicking around while still in their wedding clothes, the ghost of Megumi is visibly in the photos, crawling towards the couple and eventually standing near a portrait of Jane that (seemingly) Ben took. Jane looks in Ben's belongings for the camera that he used in Japan, and finds the removable drive in the camera, which she loads into the computer, and is digusted by what she finds. When Ben gets home, he can immediately tell something is wrong with Jane. He asks her what is wrong and she opens the laptop and asks him what the photos are of...and how he could do such a thing. We see the picture of Megumi, with Bruno and Adam, in a compromising position. Ben tells Jane that Megumi was crazy, she was obsessed and she wouldn't stop harassing him. So when Bruno and Adam got involved, Adam suggested giving her some pills that were like sleeping pills but a little stronger, and photographing her in compromising positions that they could use to blackmail her against her prim and proper family to finally leave Ben alone. However, when the situation was happening, Ben took the photos but Adam and Bruno (more than likely drunk themselves) took advantage of Megumi and forced themselves on her. (The audience is led to believe this by the comments they make and the fact that they show the look on Ben's face). Ben admits to Jane that the situation got out of control but absolves himself of blame since he never touched her. Jane is digusted, and realizes that Megumi was trying to warn her of the man she loves, that Megumi did not want to harm her at all. She starts to leave him, telling him that she needs time to think and then recants, saying she needs no time to figure out that he's not the person she thought he was and that she's done. Jane departs, leaving Ben alone in the apartment. Ben takes out a Polaroid camera and begins photographing the apartment looking for Megumi. He yells, "Me and you together forever, is that what you want? You got it!" The pictures show nothing, and in anger, he drops the camera and it takes a photo. He picks up the photo and looks at it, and it shows Megumi is sitting on his shoulders. This explains his "injury" and why his shoulder has been hurting him so and why the nurse weighed him multiple times, his weight was that of 275, the weight of two people. In an effort to rid himself of her once and for all, hooks up a large amount of power to a photography light, which he puts to his neck. The power goes out in the building and we hear Ben's screams. The next scene is in a hospital. A nurse is wheeling a tray of food and drink into a room. We see the patient in the room is Ben, who appears completely catatonic, his head slung over and head closely shaved. The nurse injects his arm with a needle, sets the food down on the table and leaves the room, locking the door behind her. As it closes, we see that the spirit of Megumi is hugging Ben, causing him to be slumped over.
tt0435670
Crime,Drama,Fantasy
Nick Powell (Justin Chatwin) is a "perfect" high school student leading a "perfect" life. Teen angst plays a big part in his psyche. Annie Newton (Margarita Levieva) is a broken teen who acts out her hatred on everyone, especially Nick. When Nick is beaten within an inch of his life, it becomes the job of his spirit to save himself by finding his body before it dies. But how is going to do this when he is The Invisible? Mom (Marcia Gay Harden) is making a toast to her high-school age son, Nick, at a large gathering. She gives him an inscribed gift. "To Nick, from Mom, make me proud." Following this, Nick proceeds to go the food table and cut the center out of a chocolate cake, taking his piece with him in his bare hands as he heads to the garage. The next morning he awakes in a start. Mom has made him two eggs and bacon arranged on a plate in a happy face. Mom is bugging him about college prep but Nick wants to take a writer's course in London. At school Nick delivers a French essay to fellow student Pete Egan (Chris Marquette). Pete is attacked in the bathroom a group of kids led by Annie for "accepting merchandise and not paying for it." Back in class Nicholas presents his oral poem. The class is engaged as he recites, interrupted by the ringing of the class bell. Nick catches up with Annie group and pays for the merchandise whispering to her "you are so broken." She attacks him in the cafeteria and they both end disciplined. Annie goes home to her family's apartment. Mom and Dad (Desiree Zurowski and Mark Houghton) fight and she makes sure her very young brother Victor Newton (Alex Ferris) gets fed. Nick meets up with Pete showing him his secretly purchased plane ticket to London. He complains that mom has has his life mapped out since his dad died when he was 13. Annie goes out with boyfriend Marcus Bohem (Alex O'Loughlin) and he breaks into a car. She approaches a nearby window jewelry display and smashes out the window to steal a beautiful necklace. They take off in the car and evade arrest. She and Marcus argue and she walks out. He calls the police and reports that she's been stealing at school. The next day at school Pete is watching Annie at her locker. The police arrive and break open her locker. Annie calls boyfriend and tells him he got busted. He plays innocent and she says she knows who did it and will take care of it. Nick says his goodbyes to his friend. Nick arrives home to have his mom tell him the airline called about his flight being changed. Annie and her gang attack Pete. Under physical torture he turns the gang toward Nick who is at home hosting a party. He meets a girl, offering to let her go to London on the flight that leaves in 2 hours. They start making out and she notices he's wearing an old watch when he has a new one. She learns his father gave him the watch he wears. He leaves the house and takes a walk finding himself being followed by a beat up old car. Annie makes his friend sit in the car while her gang beats Nick senseless. His friend begs them to stop. Nick makes a side comment to Annie and she kicks him into the water. The group checks to find he isn't breathing. They panic. Annie demand that they pick him up and they carry him through the woods, his watch dropping along the way. hey drop his body into a storm drain, cover it and and leave him. Arriving at boyfriend Marcus' place she confesses to him that she killed him. She needs an alibi. He tries to toss her out citing his probation status. She notes all the stolen vehicles in his shop, dragging her bloodied hand across them. She burns her clothing by the river. In the next shot Nick walks out of the woods to the road in perfect condition. He realizes no one can see or hear him. The police are investigating his missing person status. Detective Kate Tunney (Michelle Harrison) tells Detective Brian Larson (Callum Keith Rennie) that Nick had a run in with Annie. He notices debris around the entry to the woods. He has a history with Annie's family. A search party is organized. In his bedroom, Nick's mother reads his poetry journal while a bird sits on the porch railing. The bird becomes injured and is dying. A live bird appears on Nick's shoulder and he takes it in his hand. As the bird on the railing slowly dies the bird in his hand disappears and Nick realizes he must still be alive. He tries to lead the search team and he pleads with Annie, who can't hear him, to help. Pete is on the verge of telling the truth. Det. Larson visits Marcus' garage. He asks about the jewelry store smash 'n grab and he says he wasn't with her. Larson tells him he knows she phoned Marcus. Larson asks about the missing person investigation. Marcus stops Pete outside at gunpoint informing him he's being followed by the police. They go out to the woods where they left Nick. Marcus gets Annie's gang together and they call her saying someone is going tell to confess. She calls Pete to meet her sending him to her gang. Marcus shows up with Annie at gunpoint and sends Pete home. Annie takes the gun when they realize the cops have followed them. She escapes. Nick shouts out to her and she responds, "Never!" Nick continues to follow Annie as she shuns him, he knows his only hope for survival is her. After sleeping a night in a school gym, Annie goes to Nick's house. She sees his life of his own room and goes through his possessions. She pours ashes from a small bottle into her hand as Nick's mom enters the room. Annie runs out into the wood and goes to the place she left Nick only to discover he's not there anymore. A nicotine gum pack was left leading Annie to see Pete about where they moved him. Pete admits Nick didn't turn in Annie, nor did he. She finds Marcus and takes him at gunpoint to a ledge. Annie and Marcus end up shooting each other but she calls Det. Larson and tells him she knows where Nick can be found. Pete attempts suicide and as he slowly dies Nick finds Pete's spirit standing beside him. Pete's father comes in before he dies, saving him before it's too late. Nick is rescued from the river and taken to the hospital. Annie fights to get to him despite the gunshot to her abdomen. Nick guides her through the halls to him and he speaks to his mother through Annie. In Nick's room she speaks to him as his spirit moves back to his own body. At that moment, she passes out. A young boy flies and remote controlled airplane over a lake. Nick notices the boy and is concerned that the boy is alone. He explains that his sister was supposed to come with him but she died. Nick suggests they send her a message. They write, "Hey Annie" on the plane's wings and send it out to fly.
tt0799934
Comedy
BE KIND REWIND is the name of a quaint, little video store that carries VHS titles only because the owner (Danny Glover) can't afford to upgrade to DVD films. It's a small shop set in the middle of a crumbling, poverty stricken neighborhood, made up mostly of minorities. The film stars Jack Black as Jerry, a junkyard worker who magnetizes his brain while trying to sabotage a power plant that he thinks is responsible for his constant headaches. Rapper Mos Def plays Mike, his best friend and the only employee of the video store. The store's owner (Danny Glover) goes on 'vacation' (to spy on a huge franchise video chain), leaving Mike in charge with strict instructions not to let Jerry inside. Of course, Jerry gets in anyway and manages to 'magnetize' all of the VHS movies and wipe them clean. Soon Mike and Jerry are shooting their own versions of classic films like GHOSTBUSTERS and the RUSH HOUR movies with a camcorder, laughably bad 'special effects' and using neighborhood folks in small roles. Unexpectedly, their movie versions (which are referred to as SWEDED becuase Jerry charges 20 bucks to rent a movie, claiming that they are Swedish Imports), become so popular that the small store (facing foreclosure) is actually making money. They begin taking custom orders for movies and end up filming SWEDED versions of THE LION KING, DRIVING MISS DAISY, ROBOCOP and more. Soon, however; they attract the attention of the Feds, who inform them they are breaking the law (of course) and that they must cease and desist. What will they do to save the store now? They make an original film about the history of the city and about a 'famous' musician who was born and raised there. They charge admission and the whole neighborhood comes out to see the film, making them a small profit that still won't save the place from demolition. But a tough, city councilman has a change of heart, in the end after seeing the outpouring of neighborhood support.
tt0430912
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Set in London, 15 years after the first 'Basic Instinct' movie, the film opens with American best-selling author Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone) in a speeding car with her companion, Kevin Franks (Stan Collymore), a famous English football star. Tramell takes the man's hand and begins masturbating with it, all the while increasing her vehicle's speed. At the point of orgasm, Tramell veers off the road and crashes into the West India Docks in Canary Wharf. She attempts to save her partner but, as she says while being questioned by the police, "When it came down to it, I guess my life was more important to me than his". Tramell is interrogated by Scotland Yard Detective Supt. Roy Washburn (David Thewlis), who notes that D-Tubocurarine, a neuromuscular blocking agent used to relax muscles during general anesthesia, was found in her car and in her companion's body, and the companion wasn't breathing at the time of the crash, and that a man named "Dicky Pep" said that he sold Tramell "15 milliliters of DTC last Thursday". Tramell counters by saying that this Dicky Pep must be lying because "you've got him on some other charge and he's trying to deal his way out, if he even exists". Tramell begins therapy sessions with Dr. Michael Glass (David Morrissey), who has conducted a court-ordered psychiatric exam and given testimony in her case. Glass strongly suspects that Tramell is a narcissist sociopath incapable of telling the difference between right and wrong. Tramell begins to play mind games with Glass, who becomes increasingly frustrated with, yet intrigued by, this mysterious woman. Soon, Glass's own life begins a spiral of destruction. One night, Glass goes on a date with Michelle Broadwin, and has rough, violent sex with her after dealings with Tramell. Glass receives a phone call from his ex-wife, Denise, in a state of distress. Her partner, Adam Towers, a journalist writing a negative story about Dr. Glass, has been found strangled to death. Glass suspects that Tramell committed the murder and is attempting to frame him for it. More murders begin to surface around Glass as his obsession with Tramell grows and his career and life are threatened - he finds his ex-wife in a bathroom with her throat slit after they have an altercation in a bar. Later, Dicky Pep is killed - eventually, he himself can no longer tell right from wrong, and the police begin to suspect Glass of involvement in the crimes. He confronts Tramell at her apartment where they engage in passionate sex. The situation comes to a head during a confrontation between Glass and Tramell at her apartment where, after a struggle, Glass attempts to kill Tramell. Tramell gives Glass a copy of the draft of her next novel, titled The Analyst. After reading it, he realizes that Tramell has novelize most of the recent events with herself and other people related to Glass, even himself, as characters. Then it turns out that the character based on herself is going to kill a therapist based on Glass's colleague, Dr. Milena Gardosh. Glass runs to Gardosh's apartment to warn her, finding Tramell there to his dismay. Gardosh tells him that he is no longer in charge of Tramell's therapy and that he's going to have his license revoked, due to bad practice regarding Tramell's treatment. There is a struggle between Glass and Gardosh, in which the latter is knocked out. Tramell then threatens Glass with a gun she carries, but Glass takes it away from her. When Washburn arrives at the scene, Glass shoots him because Tramell told him he had killed the girlfriend of one of Glass's patients just to "nail him". In the final scene, Tramell pays a visit to Glass at a local mental hospital where he has been institutionalized, and he learns from her that the subject of her latest best-selling novel was a man very much like him. Tramell claims that she manipulated Glass into committing all those murders for her own amusement, and flashbacks are shown of Glass indeed committing the murders... due to Catheren Tramll's manipulation of being her pawn in her latest game. Tramell leaves with a wicked smirk on her face, while Glass continues to sit silently in his wheelchair, stymied by frustration and rage over her yet again getting away with everything.
tt0926129
Horror,Mystery
The movie begins with Donna (Snow) coming home with her friend Lisa (Davis) and Lisa's mom from the movies. Once they pull up in front of Donna's house they say their goodbyes and Lisa and Donna have a short discussion about cheerleading tryouts, but Donna isn't going to try out this year (note: this is Donna's sophomore year). Donna walks inside of her house and hangs up her jacket. The t.v. in the family room is on when Donna walks in the house and she calls out to tell her family that she is home, but she get's no response. When she puts her jacket in the closet she thinks she hears a noise and turns around and there is nothing behind her. She walks past the couch to go up stairs and then the camera turns to her dead father at the bottom of the couch where he had been murdered by a cut to the throat. She walks upstairs and trips over her brother's baseball bat and makes a small shout. She takes the bat to her brother's room and when she opens the door she see's him laying on the bed and tells him that she slipped over the bat. Then she tells him to turn the television volume down and pokes him in the side revealing the slit to his throat and the blood under his chest. She lets out another small scream and hears running from her parents bedroom and a man yelling "Where is she?", then Donna hides under the bed. While she is under the bed, she see's her mother run in and the killer, Mr. Fenton (Scheach) right behind her. He pushes the mother down and asks her where is Donna. The mother says she doesn't know and then he hits her and she falls to the floor. He asks her one more time and then the mother turns her head to the direction of the bed where Donna is hiding under and then the killer stabs the mother five times in the stomach. Donna witnesses her mother being killed and holds in her scream. Once she realizes that the killer has left the house she runs downstairs and tries to flag down a police car. Then Donna hears a voice in her ear that says "I did it for us". It was the killer. Donna turns around and screams when she see's him and then the screen blacks out. Donna is now in her school psychiatrist room and she just finished telling her about the nightmares Donna has been getting about the night the killer killed her family. "And then what happens" the psychiatrist asks, "and then I wake up, just like I used to" Donna says. And then the psychiatrist tells Donna that the killer is locked up and far away and can only hurt her in her dreams. And then the psychiatrist asks Donna what color is her prom dress. Now Donna and her friends Lisa and Claire (Stroup) are in a beauty salon getting their hair done for prom and Donna is explaining her dress, then Clair and Lisa make a joke about Lisa's dress and her boyfriend Ronnie (Penny). Donna's hair dresser gives Donna a mirror and tells Donna to look at her hair and in the background of Donna's reflection she thinks she see's the killer standing by a bus stop and then she gasps and looks behind her to see that there is no man. About an hour or two later Donna is getting ready for her prom in her house and she walks into her bathroom to freshen up. She opens her medicine cabinet to put on some make up and she think's she hears a noise, then when she realize's it nothing she closes the cabinet and screams because she thought her aunt Karen's (Gilsig) reflection was the killer. After they have calmed down Donna's aunt asks Donna if she has been taking her anxiety pills, and Donna replies no and tells her aunt that she wants to remember what happens tonight and not feel numb. And then Donna's date and longtime boyfriend Bobby (Porter) rings the doorbell and Donna goes downstairs and gives hima hug and kiss and the give eachother their corsages that they got for eachother and take a picture. Now Donna, Bobby, Lisa, Ronnie, Clair, and Claires date Michael (Blatz) are in their limo going to their prom and they are taking pictures and having a good time. The next scene takes you to the police department where Detective Winn (Elba) is at his desk going over files when Detective Nash (Rinsone) comes in with a fax. Detective Nash gives the fax to Winn and Winn curses and then calls a number to confirm if the fax is true about the killer that has escaped from prison. When Detective Winn gets off the phone Detective Nash asks what's going on. Detective Winn explains the story about one of Donna's teacher's that got obsessed with her and how her parents got freaked out and got the teacher fired and he still was in communication with Donna so the parents got a restraining order and the teacher flipped out and killed Donna's father and brother and how Donna had to watch her mother die. The he explains how Donna started getting notes from him a few weeks ago. Now Donna and her friends have arrived at their prom which is at a fancy hotel and they see one of the school girls that hates them named Crissy (Davis). They compliment her work on the dance and she doesn't care what they say. While in the hotel they see their P.E. teacher and have small chit chat. After they have been in the dance hall for a few minutes where the prom is being held Ronnie tells them that he is going to get the keys for their room. When Ronnie reaches the desk there is a man giving his information so he can get a room. He tells the room keeper that his last name is Ramsley. And then Ronnie comes up and tells the room keeper that he needs three keys to room 312 which the room that they are all staying in for the night. The Mr."Ramsly" recognizes Ronnie from Donna's group and tells the room keeper that he would like a room on the third floor. After Ronnie gives them the keys the girls want to go up to their room to freshen up. Mr."Ramsly" (A.K.A the killer) see's Donna and her friends go into their room, and when he is at the door of the room he was assigned he takes out his card key and his pocket knife and cuts the magnetic strip of the card. He calls the housekeeper in the hallways and tells her his room key is broken. And she tells him that the card was cut. So she uses her master key to open the door and then he tells her that he would like more bath towels. As the house keeper is in the bathroom putting in towels it is dead silent and she turns around and the killer takes out his pocket knife and stabs her in the stomach and covers her mouth so she cannot be heard. He stashes her body some where and waits for Donna and her friends to come of out of their room. He watches them leave the room. A few minutes later in the ballroom Clair and her date Michael are arguing about leaving for college and then Clair tell's Donna about their situation and Claire goes up to the room to freshen up. While Claire is in the bathroom she hears the sound of the door opening and she calls to see if it is Donna. When she gets no answer she walks out to see if anyone else is in the room and then she turns around and the killer is behind her and stabs her in her stomach 3 times. When Claire doesn't come back downstairs, Michael goes upstairs to see Claire. He thinks he hears her in the bathroom and tells her to come out and when she doesn't he sits down on the couch and waits for her, when he hears the door creak he thinks she is coming out, but the killer was in the bathroom. So Michael is looking around the room for Claire, and then when Michael turns around the killer pops out and stabs Michael and kills him. Then in the hotel lobby the person at the front desk tells one of the other house keepers that he can't get a response from Gloria, which is the house keeper that got killed. The other house keeper tells the man at the front desk he will check for her when he is up at the floor she was last seen on. When he arrives up there he see's the killer coming out of Donna's room and he walks to his room. As the killer is about to go into his own room the male house keeper asks if he has seen the female house keeper, the killer replies "she is in my room turning down the bed" and when the male house keeper walks in the killer closes the door and kills the male house keeper Later on they are discussing about how it is taking Micheal and Clair so long to come downstairs. Then the P.E. teacher announces that they are about to announce king and queen, when Ronnie decides to go upstairs with Lisa so they can have some alone time. On their way up there Lisa bumps into the killer, he ducks his head quickly and Lisa stares at him for a few minutes trying to remember where she has seen him before. Once they are in their room they lay on the bed and start making out and and then Lisa opens her eye's and says something signifying that she is surprised and scared then she tells Ronnie that she has to go tell Donna something. Ronnie says "of all times" and pulls out an engagement ring. When Lisa runs out of the room she slams the elevator button waiting for the elevator to open then she see's the door open that leads to the stairs and the killer comes out and she runs to the other stairs. While she is running she trips down the stairs and gets back up. She runs to the base or contruction level hiding from him. Ronnie starts to look for Lisa; and the elevator he takes ends up leading him to the contruction level. He calls out for Lisa but doesn't leave the elevator he is in, then the elevator closes. When Lisa thinks the coast is clear she gets up and runs only to be startled by a bunch of pigeons. Then she starts running again and bumps into paint buckets and makes a whole bunch of noise. Thinking that the killer is behind her she starts running and is looking behind her not looking forward she bumps right into the killer and he slits her throat. A few minutes later, Detective Nash gets Detective Winn to follow him and a police officer to the parking lot. The police officer takes them to a car and he opens the trunk; there is a dead body in the trunk. The officer tells the story of a person that ended up missing the day the killer escaped from jail and how the dead body is mssing their clothes and their wallet, then the officer tells the detectives that the dead body is James Ramsly, the name of the person the killer checked into the hotel as. Back at the dance they are about to announce kind and queen when Detective Winn sounds off the evacuation alarm right before they announce them. As everyone is leaving Donna tells Rick, Crissy's date(Lutz) that if Bobby is looking for her, she went up to her room to get her mothers shawl that her aunt gave her. While she is up in her room she goes to her closet to get her purse and drops something, when she bends over the killer is right behind her. Then she turns around and there is nothing behind her, then she closes the closet door and see's his reflection in the mirror, and he says "Donna, I've missed you" and she screams and runs around the room into another part of the room and looks the doors. The killer grabs the fire extinguisher in the halls and breaks down the door, then Donna runs under the bed to hide again. Once the killer is in the room he is looking for Donna and and while Donna is under the bed she scoots further away from the edge and bumps into something and when she turns her head that something is Claire's dead body. As Donna tries to hold in her scream she lets out a small whimper and the killer turns around and looks at the beds and goes to the opposite one Donna is under. When he looks under Donna runs from under the bed and escapes out of the room bumping into the Detectives. In a frantic tone she tells them that the killer is in there. They escort her downstairs but don't see the killer in the room. Once Donna is outside, Bobby see's her and hugs her and they get into a police car and before they leave Donna tell's Ronnie that Claire is dead. They bring a S.W.A.T team in the hotel and look every where for the killer and the once they receive word that the killer hasn't been found blood starts to drip from the air conditioning vent in Donna's room where the Detectives are and when they open it the body of the male house keeper falls out, but he doesn't have his uniform on. And then Detective Winn starts thinking and comes to realize that the killer walked right past him when the employees were exiting the building during the S.W.A.T search and the killer was wearing the house keepers uniform. Detective Winn calls Nash and tells him that the killer escaped from the hotel and is on his way to Donna's house, so they have the house completely gaurded. About 20 minutes later the phone line's to the house got cut unexpectadly but no one knows when it happens, and Donna and her boyfriend are sleep in Donna's room and Donna wakes up and looks at the television and then looks out her window where she see's Nash wiping his eyes and then she goes into her bathroom to take her anxiety pills and when she closes the medicine cabinet the killer is behind her and she slams her head into the mirror. Then she wakes up, it was only a dream. When she wakes up and looks at the television the same show that was on in her dream is on, when she looks out her window Nash is wiping his eye and then when she goes in her bathroom and takes her pills she hesitates to close the cabinet but there is nothing behind her, but her window is open in her bathroom, she closes it and gets back in her bed. When she tries to hug Bobby he doesnt move, so she pushes him a little revealing the slit on his throat. Donna covers her mouth and lets out a small shriek. Before she see's the dead boyfriend Winn pulls up to Nashes car and see's that Nash has also been killed. Then Winn goes inside; Donna see's a shadow and starts to walk in her closet and closes the door. When she see's that it is Winn's shadow she starts to step out when the killer grabs her and covers her mouth. Winn calls for Donna but she can't say anything, then the killer asks if she is ready to come with him and she says yes. Then Donna's aunt and uncle scream and Winn runs to them and they see that one of the security gaurds was killed. As Donna and the killer open the closet door and are about to leave Donna bites his hand and starts to run but she trips and he slips to pick her up and then she kicks him in the face and Winn hears Donna scream and he runs to the room where the killer is on top of Donna about to stab her then the killer gets shot once in the chest, but he is still alive so he get shot six other times by Detective Winn. And Winn tells Donna that it's over. And the movie ends.
tt0462396
Action,Adventure,War
The film is narrated by Ambrosinus, native to Britain, who knows of a legend concerning the sword of Julius Caesar, which was hidden away from evil men. It begins shortly before the coronation of Romulus as Emperor in 460. Having traveled through much of the known world in search of Caesar's sword, Ambrosinus has then become Romulus's tutor. A Druid, he at times gives the impression he is a magician, but his "magic" is just trickery. Romulus's father Orestes apparently rules Rome but is not Emperor himself. On the day before the coronation, Odoacer, commander of the barbarian Goths allied with Rome, demands a third of Italy from Orestes, but is rebuffed. The same day, Romulus meets the general of the Nova Invicta Legion, Aurelianus Caius Antonius called "Aurelius". The night after Romulus is crowned, Rome is attacked by the Goths. Most of Aurelius's men, pledged to protect the emperor, are killed, though Aurelius is only stunned and left for dead. Orestes and his wife are killed by Odoacer's lieutenant Wulfila, who captures Romulus. Next day, Odoacer, now ruler of the Western Empire, plans to have Romulus killed. However, Ambrosinus convinces Odoacer to spare the boy. Instead, Romulus is exiled to Capri along with Ambrosinus, guarded by Wulfila and his men. His prison is a villa constructed more than four centuries earlier by the emperor Tiberius. With Ambrosinus's help, Romulus discovers Caesar's sword in a hidden chamber within the villa. He comes across a statue of Caesar holding the sword, forged by a Chalybian smith after his military campaigns in Britain. Writing near the statue's feet proclaims the sword was made for "he who is destined to rule". This is interpreted as a prophecy by various characters, and Romulus keeps the weapon. The two are rescued from Capri by the loyal Aurelius and three surviving legionaries, accompanied by a female Indian warrior from Kerala named Mira, trained in the martial art of Kalarippayattu. They take Romulus to a seaport where the Eastern Roman Empire's emissary (whom Mira works for) and the senator Nestor have promised safe passage to Constantinople. However, they barely escape after they learn the Senate and the Eastern Empire have betrayed them and sided with Odoacer. Ambrosinus persuades Romulus to seek refuge in Britain, where the Ninth Legion (called the Dragon Legion) may remain loyal, being far from the events. They are followed by Wulfila and his men; the Goth covets Caesar's sword after learning the prophecy. Crossing the Alps and the English Channel, the party travels to Hadrian's Wall and initially find no evidence of the legion until a farmer approaches and reveals he was its commander. With the collapse of Roman support of Britain, the legion had decided to disband and settle as farmers. They also did not want to antagonize the powerful warlord Vortgyn. Vortgyn also desires the sword of Caesar as he aspires to rule the whole of Britain; after meeting with the Goths, he decides to either capture or kill Romulus as a gesture to Odoacer. Aurelius, wielding Ceasar's sword, leads a few supporters against Vortgyn's forces at Hadrian's Wall. The battle appears hopeless until the rest of the Ninth Legion, having taken up their old Roman arms and uniforms, appear and turn the tide. The two warring sides cease their hostilities when Ambrosinus kills Vortgyn at a temple near the battlefield. Romulus kills Wulfila with Caesar's sword, avenging his parents. He tells Aurelius that he fought like a dragon, whereupon Aurelius replies that Romulus fought like the son of a dragon. Repulsed by the deaths in the battle, Romulus heaves away his sword which remarkably pierces a large rock and becomes lodged there. Many years later, Ambrosinus, now known as Merlin, takes a young boy to the battlefield to describe the now legendary events. Merlin, who has visibly aged little since the battle, says that Aurelius married Mira and raised Romulus as their own son, and Romulus became a wise ruler and adopted the name "Pendragon". The boy, Arthur, recognizes him as his father.
tt0466909
Horror,Thriller
Robert Thorn (Liev Schreiber), an American diplomat stationed in Italy, is told that his son died soon after birth. To spare the anguish of his still unconscious wife, Katherine (Julia Stiles), Robert accepts the suggestion of the hospital's Catholic priest, Father Spiletto (Giovanni Lombardo Radice) to secretly adopt another newborn whose mother died in childbirth. Robert and Katherine raise the boy as their own and name him Damien. Robert's career ascends over the course of the next five years. He is named Deputy Ambassador to the Court of St. James (the United Kingdom), and after the ambassador dies in a bizarre accident, becomes Ambassador and settles in to a large estate just outside London. However, disturbing events start to revolve around Damien (Seamus Davey-Fitzpatrick), the most prominent being his nanny hanging herself at his birthday party, driven to do so by a large black German Shepherd. Soon afterward, Robert is approached by Father Brennan (Pete Postlethwaite), who delivers an eerie warning and seems to know the truth about Damien's birth, at which point Robert has him escorted out. Meanwhile, photographer Keith Jennings (David Thewlis) finds that several of his photographs contain mysterious signs, later revealed to foreshadow a series of shocking deaths. A new nanny, Mrs. Baylock (Mia Farrow), is hired and tells Damien that she has been sent to protect him. Tension between Mrs. Baylock and the Thorns rises when the nanny starts to make decisions against their wishes, including bringing a large watchdog (a Rottweiler) to the home without their consent. On the way to the previous nanny's funeral, Damien becomes terrified as they approach the church, attacking Katherine. That night Katherine experiences a first premonition/nightmare dream about Damien. The following day a field trip to the city zoo ends with various species of primates going berserk at the sight of Damien. Katherine suspects that there is something not right about her son, but Robert brushes off her concerns. Robert is again confronted by Father Brennan, who tells him that Damien must die and a man called Bugenhagen, located in Megiddo, can show him how. Enraged, Robert sends him away again. Caught in a torrential storm, Brennan attempts to seek shelter in a church, but the door is mysteriously bolted. A lightning bolt strikes the church steeple, causing him to be impaled by a large steel rod which falls from the roof. Upon discovering she is pregnant, Katherine wants to have an abortion, fearing another child like Damien. Robert refuses to consider it. While watering plants on an upper floor, Katherine is knocked off a chair by Damien riding his scooter, and tumbles over the railing. He ignores her pleas for help and she falls several stories, severely injuring herself and suffering a miscarriage. After the bedridden Katherine begs her husband, "Don't let him kill me.", Robert finally accepts that something is amiss with his son. Fueled by Father Brennan's warnings and further information from Keith Jennings, Robert and Jennings go in search of Damien's real mother. After meeting a nun in Rome, they discover that the hospital where Damien was born burned down. They then go to a monastery in Subiaco and meet Father Spiletto, now wheelchair-bound and badly disfigured, who tells them where Damien's mother is buried. They find the grave of Maria Avedici Santoya, Damien's real mother, in the old cemetery of Cerveteri, and discover that it contains the skeleton of a jackal, implying that Damien cannot be human. In the neighboring tomb, Robert discovers the corpse of a human infant with a cracked skull, revealing that his biological son was murdered at birth. He and Jennings are suddenly attacked by a pack of rottweilers, and barely escape. Meanwhile, Mrs. Baylock visits Katherine in the hospital under the pretense of delivering flowers and then induces an air embolism by introducing air from an empty syringe into her IV, killing her. After learning of Katherine's death, Robert decides to follow Brennan's advice and kill Damien. He goes to Megiddo and meets Bugenhagen (Michael Gambon), who tells them that Damien is the long-prophesied Antichrist, and the only way to destroy him is to take him to holy ground and kill him with the seven sacrificial daggers of Megiddo. To prove his claims, Bugenhagen tells Robert to examine Damien for the 666 birthmark. Robert at first expresses disbelief, refuses to kill his son and leaves. However, Jennings is determined to go through with the plan, and picks up the daggers. After a brief exchange of words with Robert, he is suddenly decapitated by a falling sign. This pushes Robert to change his mind. Robert arrives home during a torrential storm. The dog attacks but Robert manages to trap it. He then goes upstairs to Damien's room and quietly cuts away Damien's hair to reveal the 666 birthmark. Mrs. Baylock attacks suddenly, but Robert is able to fight her off and takes Damien outside to his car. Mrs. Baylock pursues them and Robert runs her over with the car. Robert, pursued by the police, drives to a church to kill Damien on consecrated ground, but as he is about to use the sacred dagger, he is killed by an officer of the Diplomatic Protection Group. Robert's funeral shown in parallel to the death of the Pope is attended by the President of the United States. After the service is over, the Secret Service informs the President that his car is waiting. The President is seen to be holding the hand of Damien, whom he has presumably adopted. The last shot shows Damien slowly turning to give the camera a diabolical smile.
tt1012804
Drama,Sport
The movie opens in a Jiu-Jitsu studio where Mike Terry (Chiwetel Ejiofor) is teaching an advanced class. Mike employs a unique training method. Before a sparring match, each fighter draws one of three marbles, two black and one white. Whoever draws a black marble has to fight with a handicap as determined by the spin of a wheel much like a board game. Joe (Max Martini), a police officer training for a black belt, draws a black marble and must compete with his hands shackled in front of him while his opponent drew the white marble and is unencumbered. Joe puts up an impressive fight but ultimately loses when he is unable to break a choke hold. Mike consoles him by showing Joe that despite the handicap, he could've easily broken the choke hold if he was more focused. Meanwhile, Laura (Emily Mortimer) is driving through a heavy downpour desperately trying to locate a pharmacy before it closes to fill a prescription. Frustrated and distracted while talking on her phone, she sideswipes a parked truck. Seeking the truck's owner, Laura wanders into the Jiu-Jitsu academy while Mike is demonstrating how Joe's police issued shoulder holster is a liability in a fight. Joe sees that Laura is soaked and distressed so he chivalrously tries to take her coat. Startled, she grabs Joe's stray gun which he set down only briefly during Mike's private demonstration. The gun fires and shatters the studio's front window. Laura picks up the ejected shell casing while Joe and Mike are shocked by how easily and dramatically she was frightened. Mike and Joe agree to hide that the shooting ever happened. Technically, the police could charge Laura with attempted murder which wouldn't be fair to a woman who is clearly just disturbed and meant no harm. But claiming the window broke because of strong wind makes it an act of God and not covered by Mike's insurance. This sparks an argument between Mike and his wife over finances. Apparently the academy is bankrupt. The only reason it hasn't closed is because Mike's wife, Sondra (Alice Braga), is supplementing with profits from her fashion business which puts a strain on her income. Sondra advises Mike to ask for a loan from Sondra's brother, Ricardo (John Machado), a mixed martial arts champion. Mike goes to visit Ricardo at his club which is co-owned by Sondra's other brother, Bruno (Rodrigo Santoro). Mike notices that the club has no bouncer. Joe was supposed to be bouncing to earn extra cash for his family's unnamed medical bills. Ricardo is unavailable so Mike meets with Bruno instead. While waiting to see Bruno, Mike is entertained by a cocky magician. The man displays some incredible sleight of hand by turning a die from black to white with uncanny ease. Mike also learns from the bartender that Joe quit bouncing because Bruno never paid him. In the club's office, Bruno and fight promoter Marty Brown (Ricky Jay) are discussing how to promote a championship mixed martial arts fight between Ricardo and a Japanese legend, Morisaki (Enson Inoue). Marty makes some references to fixing the fight and Bruno debates with him about whether or not Ricardo will go for it. Mike finally meets with Bruno and questions him about why he didn't pay Joe. Bruno gives a mysteriously vague explanation claiming that he planned on paying Joe eventually but Joe was impatient. Bruno also tries to encourage Mike to fight on the undercard in the aforementioned upcoming fight which could potentially pay out $50,000. But Mike follows a strict, samurai-like code. He believes competition weakens the fighter because a competition is not a fight, especially when it's only for money. Their conversation is interrupted when Bruno notices on the security monitors that Chet Frank (Tim Allen), an aging Hollywood action star, just entered the club without a bodyguard. Chet offers to buy a woman at the bar a drink, but the woman's boyfriend gets offended and picks a fight with Chet. When the boyfriend attempts to attack Chet with a broken bottle, Mike intervenes to stop the fight. Two more guys attack Mike, but Mike quickly subdues them. The following day, a messenger shows up at Mike's door delivering an expensive watch from Chet Frank and an invitation to dinner. Chet is grateful for Mike's intervention in the bar fight. Mike gives the watch to Joe and advises him to pawn it. Mike feels responsible for hooking Joe up with an employer that stiffed him. Mike goes to the academy the following morning and finds that Laura is paying to fix the window. She apologizes for her odd behavior the previous evening and accepts an enrollment form for Mike's class. That evening during dinner, Chet's wife (Rebecca Pidgeon) admires Sondra's fashion style and arranges an informal business deal to buy a large supply of dresses from Sondra's company. After hearing some of the tenets of Mike's teaching philosophy, Chet invites Mike to the set of his recent film project the next morning. Before parting ways, Sondra encourages Mike to tell Chet's business associate, Jerry Weiss (Joe Mantegna), about the marble drawing training method. Jerry thinks it's an interesting concept and comments on how it could be a clever gimmick to use in competitive fighting to draw a crowd. The next morning, Mike visits the movie set. Chet is running late so Mike wanders the set and discovers a colleague/acquaintance is doing stunt choreography for the movie's hand to hand combat. Having served in Desert Storm, Mike was able to answer some of Chet's technical questions about the military. Impressed with Mike's knowledge, Chet asks Mike to be a co-producer of the film. Jerry invites Mike to dinner that evening to discuss the details. Mike returns home to share the good news with Sondra and begins faxing details of his training methods to Jerry so they can be used in the movie. Mike meets with Laura later that afternoon for a private lesson. Laura reveals that she was raped while the assailant held a knife to her throat thus explaining why she's easily startled. Skeptical of Mike being able to help her, she begins to exit the studio. Mike aggressively grabs her from behind holding a rubber training knife to her throat. After showing her how she could've escaped from such a predicament, Laura cathartically sobs. Later while preparing for the beginner class, Joe shows up to the studio and informs Mike that he was temporarily suspended from duty after trying to pawn a stolen watch. Mike is shocked to learn it was stolen and assures Joe that he will straighten things out. When meeting Jerry for dinner, Mike insists on sorting out the issue of the stolen watch before discussing other business. Jerry is shocked and embarrassed to learn the watch was stolen and excuses himself to go make a phone call to handle the matter. Jerry never returns and Mike leaves the restaurant puzzled. When Mike gets home, Sondra is also confused. The phone numbers that Chet's wife gave her have been disconnected. Sondra is panicky because she already ordered $30,000 worth of fabric based on their oral business arrangement. Sondra borrowed the money for the fabric from a loan shark (David Paymer). Mike meets with the loan shark to plead for more time to pay back the money. During their conversation, Mike notices Marty Brown and Bruno on television promoting the mixed martial arts match of Ricardo versus Morisaki. As a promotional gimmick, they are planning to use Mike's marble drawing technique for the undercard fights. Mike then hires Laura to see if they can sue the fight promoter for stealing Mike's idea. The problem is they can't prove how Marty Brown could've stolen the idea if Mike never told it to him. That question is answered when Jerry Weiss enters Marty's office and refers to Marty as his new partner. This connected Mike's idea to Jerry then to Marty thus allowing Laura to prove theft and conspiracy to defraud. But Marty's lawyer threatens that if they don't drop the lawsuit then he will hand over proof to the police, in the form of an empty shell casing with Laura's fingerprints, that she attempted to kill an off duty cop. He can also prove that Mike was a witness who covered up the attempted murder by bribing the cop with a stolen wrist watch. Upon hearing about this situation, Joe feels entirely responsible and kills himself. Mike visits Joe's wife to console her but finds she is inconsolable. She claims Joe was trying to preserve the honor of the academy and Mike's principles. But mostly she's angry because she's stuck with a stack of bills that she can't pay. Mike feels obligated to help. Desperately in need of money, Mike decides to abandon his principles and compete as an undercard fighter in the upcoming competition. When Mike arrives at the arena before the fight, he learns that the promoters have made the marble drawing look like an elaborate, ancient ritual conducted by an elderly man wearing a ceremonial mask and escorted by tribal drummers. Mike also learns that his mentor, known as The Professor, is present at the fight. As Mike walks through the halls of the arena, he peers through a partially opened dressing room door and sees that the elderly Asian man who draws the colored stones is actually the magician from Bruno's club in disguise. The magician is vainly displaying his sleight of hand skills in the dressing room mirror and secretly switching colored marbles. Mike realizes that the fight is fixed. Unbeknownst to the competitors, the magician assigns the handicap as predetermined by the fight promoters. Disgusted by this revelation, Mike confronts the promoters/conspirators: Marty, Jerry and Bruno. They confirm the accusation and also reveal that Ricardo is intentionally losing the fight to Morisaki so they can make money on the rematch. When Mike accuses them of being responsible for Joe's suicide, Jerry laments that it was unfortunate but blames Mike for being stupid enough to give a gift from someone as important as Chet Frank. Jerry also tells Mike that Sondra is the one who told them about Laura shooting the window. Bruno justifies her betrayal by explaining that his sister is too smart to stay with someone who can't provide for her. As Mike is exiting the arena, he meets with Laura. Their conversation is not audible, but it ends with Laura giving Mike a loud, echoing slap to the face. Mike then re-enters the arena determined to expose that the fights are fixed. One by one, security guards try to stop Mike but they are unsuccessful. Finally, Ricardo engages Mike. As they begin fighting in the arena's corridors, the audience and camera crews take notice. Eventually, Ricardo puts Mike in a difficult choke hold. As he's losing consciousness, Mike is inspired by the sight of The Professor and reverses the hold. Mike wins the fight. He is approached by Morisaki who awards Mike with his ivory-studded belt, previously referred to as a Japanese national treasure. Mike is then approached by The Professor himself who awards Mike with the coveted Redbelt, signifying Mike as his one worthy pupil.
tt1014775
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
A pampered Beverly Hills chihuahua named Chloe (voiced by Drew Barrymore) who, while on vacation in Mexico with her owner Viv's (Jamie Lee Curtis) niece, Rachel (Piper Perabo), gets lost and must rely on her friends to help her get back home before she is caught by a dognapper who wants to ransom her. In the meantime, Papi (voiced by George Lopez), a male chihuahua who is in love with her is in pursuit of her. Papi's master (Manolo Cardona), a handsome young gardener for Viv, slowly develops a romantic interest in Rachel. Chloe befriends a lonely German Shepherd (voiced by Andy Garcia) who travels with her to protect her from the evil Doberman (voiced by Edward James Olmos) who wants to return her and her diamond collar to the dognapper.
tt0913354
Action,Crime,Thriller
Early morning, Ty Hackett (Columbus Short) is getting ready for work. He wakes up his younger brother, Jimmy (Andre Kinney), and tells him to get ready for high school. Ty is a war hero, having earned the Silver Star in Iraq. Both his parents recently died and left him with the mortgage and Jimmy to look out for. Ty is picked up by Mike Cochrane (Matt Dillon), and they carpool to work at the Eagle Shield Armored Truck Co. At work, the security team meets for the morning briefing with Chief Ashcroft (Fred Ward). They get their assignments and Ty, Mike and Baines (Laurence Fishburne) go to a bank. They pick up the money and on the way back, Baines notices a black van following them. The truck stalls in a small underpass and they have no radio reception due to the location. Mike says he smells sugar and they worry that someone has sabotaged the truck as they desperately try to restart it. Ty is in the back with the money and sees a black van speeding towards them. The van stops, and masked men get out and attach an explosive device on the back of the armored truck. Ty is scared and braces for the explosion, which turns out to be just a bottle rocket. Mike and Baines laugh hysterically, and the men remove their hoods: it was Tys final test and now he is a full-fledged guard. The guys go out for drinks to celebrate. While drinking, they tell him a story about a hijacked armored truck in Abilene years ago where they got away with $4 million; the thieves were never caught and the money was never found. At work, Ty asks Ashcroft for extra shifts; he is in jeopardy of losing his house to the bank. Mike tells him that theyll figure out something, and that he is like family to him. While they are driving, Mike talks again about the Abilene heist, and tells him that he thinks it was a fake-that the guards took the money. They go for dinner at a hot dog stand, and local Sheriff Eckehart (Milo Ventimiglia) is there. Mike tells Ty that tomorrow they will probably be carrying $42 million in their truck. Ty asks if he thinks they might get jacked and Mike says yes. He tells him that the other four guys on the team are in, and they are going to jack the entire $42 mil, and pretend they were hijacked. Ty tells him hes crazy and wants no part of it. Mike tells him to sleep on it, and if hes in, to be at the bus stop in the morning. Ty is in shock at the idea of robbing the company and refuses a ride, and runs the whole way home. Once home, Ty is met by a lady who works for Child Protective Services. Jimmy has skipped more school than hes attended, and she is thinking of removing Jimmy from Tys care and putting him in foster care, especially when she hears they may lose the house. The next morning, Mike is at the bus stop and waits for Ty to show up, but he never does. In the locker room, no one speaks, but by showing up without Ty, they know he is out and they are worried about their plan. Suddenly, Ty shows up, and they smile. At their lockers, Ty makes Mike promise that no one will get hurt, because he cant go to jail and leave Jimmy, and that he cant have any more blood on his hands. Mike promises. The two trucks go the bank, and each has three agents: one team is Mike, Baines and Ty, and the other truck has Quinn (Jean Reno), Palmer (Amaury Nolasco), and Dobbs (Skeet Ulrich). The money is divided into the two trucks, while be guarded by heavily armed guards. The two trucks drive off and radio in at the checkpoint. Ashcroft OKs the position and expects them in 51 minutes. The trucks pull into an abandoned steel mill, which is full of old buildings and smokestacks. It is next to electrical transformers and they lose radio contact due to interference. Inside, they park the trucks and unload the money. They put it in duffel bags and then down deep in one of the smokestacks. They see someone outside move past a window, and chase him. It is an old homeless man, and when they chase him up the catwalk, he is shoved and falls. Ty rushes down, and sees he isnt dead, and drags him towards a truck. Baines shoots the homeless man in the back. Ty is furious, and said he could have survived if hed gotten medical care. Mike is angry at Baines for shooting him, but realizes they had no other choice. Ty runs to one of the trucks, and locks himself in. Mike tries to talk Ty into opening the truck doors, but Ty wont and then drives off. Mike takes the other truck and follows him in a high-speed chase through the steel mill. Mike finally gets ahead and rams Tys truck. The trucks crash. Ty turns on the siren, and Mike fumbles with the hood and then pulls out the fuse, turning off the siren. Meanwhile back at the hot dog stand, Sheriff Eckehart hears a faint siren, and goes to investigate. Mike and the gang realize Ty isnt coming out, and they only have 40 minutes left, so they plan to pound the bolts on the hinges of the armored trucks back doors, until they release, and break into Tys truck. They will kill Ty and tell the cops he died a hero trying to stop the hijacking. They begin hitting the thick steel hinges, and they hardly budge. The guys take turns swinging the hammer at the hinges, switching off when they tire. Ty whispers to Dobbs while the others are hitting the hinge, and gets him to help him. Dobbs tries to get the fuse from the other truck to give to Ty, and Baines catches him. He beats up Dobbs and then pours gas all over the engine. Before he lights it, Mike stops him and tells him it is a stupid idea, because if the truck burns, so does the money. Palmer walks with Dobbs and they talk, and Dobbs thinks all is ok, and then Palmer stabs him. Sheriff Eckehart drives around the lot, and loses radio contact. Before he can enter the building and catch them, Mike comes out, and tells him he is the security guard for the property and also the handyman. Ty has an idea, and tries to hook up the siren with parts from other equipment in the truck, so the sheriff will hear it. As the sheriff is about to leave, Tys siren sounds, and Baines shoots the sheriff with his shotgun. Mike drags him inside, and he is bleeding from a shot to the stomach, but alive. While they are distracted with the sheriff and arguing with each other, Ty sneaks out of the truck and lights the stash of stolen money on fire with a flare, and runs back. The guys run to the money, and Ty takes the sheriff to the armored truck and locks him in with himself. He tries to clean the wound and stop the bleeding. Without saying anything, Quinn drives the other truck away, with some sort of plan. While Quinn is gone, Ty has an idea: he sticks dollar bills all over the windows so they cant see in, and then while they are banging in the hinges, he pries the floor panel of the truck open, and sneaks out with the sheriffs radio, to go to the roof and try to get a signal. He does and gets a call out, and turns to find Palmer with a gun on him. Palmer is distressed, and cant justify how wrong things have gone, and instead of shooting Ty, he jumps off the roof, killing himself. Ty sneaks safely back in the truck, and tells the sheriff that help is on the way. Quinn returns with Jimmy, who he has kidnapped. Mike threatens to shoot Jimmy in the head, and so Ty opens the truck doors. They grab Ty and beat him a bit. As Quinn and Baines open the box with all the money in Tys truck, it explodes as he set a trap with flares inside. There is a huge explosion, and the two men are flung from the truck. Mike is, too, but since he wasnt in the truck, he lives. Ty makes Jimmy hide, and then runs. He heads for the sheriffs car, and while trying to start it, is rammed by Mike driving the other armored truck. Ty escapes, and starts running on foot with Mike chasing him in the truck. Ty sees a drop in the road and jumps down, and Mike drives the truck right down into the hole, crashing the truck. Ty walks over, and we see Mike, thrown from the truck take a few breaths, then die. Ty walks away. At the hospital, Ty sees the sheriff through his window, and it appears that he will be OK. Ashcroft walks out, and tells Ty that Sheriff Eckehart explained all that Ty did to save him, and he mentions there might even be a reward. He smiles and leaves. Jimmy exits the ER, with a few bandages on and the two brothers go home.
tt0775552
Adventure,Comedy,Family
ALIENS IN THE ATTIC, co-scripted by one of the writers of "Madagascar" and the Academy Award®-winning "Wallace and Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit," is an adventure/comedy about kids on a family vacation who must fight off an attack by knee-high alien invaders with world-destroying ambitions. At the same time, the youngsters work hard to keep their parents in the dark about the battle upstairs. It's the Pearsons versus the aliens who "came from upstairs," in an all-out battle that will decide the fate of the Earth - and kick-off the ultimate summer vacation. It all starts as a meteor shower rockets across the dark galaxy. Four glowing pods sparkle and crackle while hiding behind the meteor show. A mysterious force makes the meteor shower turn a hard right towards a bright blue ball in the distance - planet Earth. In a comfortable suburban house in Michigan, Stuart Pearson (Kevin Nealon) and his wife Nina (Gillian Vigman) head a family that includes adorable seven-year-old Hannah (Ashley Boettcher); 15-year-old Tom (Carter Jenkins), a techno-geek whose grades have gone south; and big sister Bethany (Ashley Tisdale), who's just returned from a secret outing with boyfriend Ricky Dillman (Robert Hoffman). Deciding the family needs some good old-fashioned togetherness, Stuart packs up the clan and heads to a three-story holiday house in the middle of nowhere. Joining them is Uncle Nate (Andy Richter), Nate's son Jake (Austin Butler), dear old Nana Rose (Doris Roberts), and identical 12-year-old twins Art (Henri Young) and Lee (Regan Young). An unexpected arrival is Bethany's beau Ricky, who wrangles an overnight visit with the extended family. As day turns to night, dark storm clouds start swirling around the house. Suddenly, four glowing objects shoot toward the roof. The alien crew inside the objects is made up of Skip, the tough commander; Tazer, a muscle-bound dude armed to the teeth; Razor, a lethal female alien soldier; and Sparks a geeky four-armed techie, who is the only non-threatening alien intruder. Ricky is placed under the spell of the aliens, courtesy of a high-tech mind-control device and plug implanted into the base of his skull; Ricky's mind and actions now belong to the alien crew. The alien "Zirkonians," via Ricky, lay claim to the planet. Like a puppet/robot/zombie, Ricky moves towards the boys - but Tom and Jake break free. It isn't long before all five kids see the strange new arrivals. Tom takes charge; and the kids come to realize the alien mind-control device only works on grownups, giving them a fighting chance against the invaders - and the responsibility to protect the adults by keeping the aliens' existence a secret. Left to their own devices, the kids unleash their imaginations, creating makeshift weapons, like piping ingeniously rigged as a home-made potato spud gun. They even learn to use the mind controller. First order of business: taking control of Ricky - and turning his robot/zombie/ idiot actions against himself and the aliens. The adults remain oblivious to the alien presence and figure the kids are being...kids...and insist that the youngsters partake in a fishing expedition. Meanwhile, a touching friendship is struck between Hannah and Sparks, the friendly alien with four arms and hands. Unlike his alien cohorts, Sparks has no stomach for battle; he just wants to return home to his Zirkonian family. Nana Rose comes under the spell of the alien mind control device, which gives her super-human powers. She comes to the kids' rescue -and into a battle with Ricky, who is again under alien control. Nana Rose gives Ricky a huge jolt causing the alien plug to dislodge. Sparks joins the kids fight and uses his four arms, relentlessly creating devices that eventually help the kids fight on. As the battle continues, the laughs, action and danger escalate. But the kids rise to the occasion, finding new strengths and self-sufficiency. And it becomes clear that the aliens never stood a chance.... [D-Man2010]
tt0760329
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
In present-day Scotland, an American tourist couple go into a bar where they meet an old man who tells them a story about the Loch Ness Monster. In 1942 Scotland a boy called Angus MacMorrow lives in a large manor house on the shores of Loch Ness with his mother Anne (housekeeper), his sister, a cook, a maid and an old game keeper. Later they are joined by Lewis Mowbray, who comes to work as a handyman in the manor. Angus' father a sailor in the Royal Navy is missing since his ship has been sunk in the war. However, Angus is unable to accept that he may be dead. One day, while looking for seashells in the tidepools (in the movie the loch is saltwater), he discovers what appears to be a large mysterious egg. He leaves it in his father's shed and returns later to check on it. An unknown creature hatches from it whom he calls Crusoe after Robinson Crusoe, that becomes the fabled Loch Ness Monster. Angus keeps the creature a secret, but eventually tells his sister and (reluctantly) Lewis about it. Lewis explains to Angus that it is a 'Water Horse' and that there is always only one such creature: creatures of this species asexually reproduce, and always die before the egg hatches. The next day troops of the 12th Medium Regiment Royal Artillery, commanded by Captain Thomas Hamilton, a friend of Lord Killin, the owner of the house who is serving with the RAF, arrive at the house. An artillery battery is set up near the lake as defence against possible attacking or hiding German U-boats and the troops set up camp on the grounds of the house. An anti-submarine net is also raised at the mouth of the lake to prevent the entrance of German U-boats into the lake. Meanwhile, Crusoe grows so fast that hiding him becomes impossible and eventually Angus has no other option but to allow Lewis to bring it to the lake. Captain Hamilton persuades Angus' mother to allow him to teach Angus some discipline and make a soldier out of him. She agrees but after a few days Angus escapes and returns to the lake were he left his friend. Crusoe lets him ride on its back. After some time, it begins to dive underwater, coming to the surface from time to time for breathing. Angus, scared of the water, loudly protests that it should stop diving, but later enjoys himself, perhaps even overcoming his phobia for the sea. The peaceful setting doesn't last long; Crusoe suffers from shell shock after almost getting shot by "Victoria" (a cannon; originally meant to stop submarines) aimed at the lake during a firing demonstration. Two people who previously saw Crusoe while fishing on the lake attempt to take a photo of it in order to become rich. When they realize that they won't be able to photograph the real thing due to the bombardment test, they decide to create an imitation, which results in the real-life faked picture of The Loch Ness Monster, also known as "The Surgeon's Photo". The photo, however fake, piques the interest of a few soldiers who venture out on the lake at night to kill it. The surprise attack proves futile for the soldiers, as Crusoe easily capsizes their boat. Angus attempts to calm Crusoe down and wades into the lake where he loses his footing and sinks. Crusoe comes to Angus' rescue and saves his life. After much coaxing from Angus, Crusoe decides to leave the loch for shelter and safety. Crusoe attempts to jump over the anti-submarine net but instead crushes it with its weight and escapes from the lake. It is implied that Angus finally accepts that his father may never return home while he sees Crusoe's departure from afar, along with Lewis and his family. (The story ends with the fact that, while several people claim to have seen Crusoe over the years, Angus never saw it again and yet never doubts that it was real.) After the story was told (it is revealed that the story teller is Angus himself), a mother calls out to her son, who is walking down the beach and spots a rock. The rock looks similar to the egg that the water horse, or 'Nessie' as known in modern times, had hatched from. The last thing that is heard in the film is a crack from the egg, hinting to the viewers that Crusoe has died, but not before leaving an egg behind.
tt0479968
Horror,Mystery
The film begins with a fire at a hospital, with a young girl named Laurel being rescued. When asked where her mother is, Laurel just looks at the burning hospital. A few days later, a girl named Shelley (Meagan Good) is talking to her friend Leann (Azura Skye) on the phone, when she is scared by her pet cat. She looks over and it is gone. She walks over to the pond to see if it has fallen in, when it appears on the other side. She goes over to pet it, when a hand grabs her and pulls her into the pond, before pulling the cat in as well. After this, a hard candy floats to the top, and her phone begins to scroll through various numbers. After the credits roll, we are introduced to Beth Raymond (Shannyn Sossamon), who is having a party with her friends Brian (Johnny Lewis), and Taylor (Ana Claudia Talancon). She goes to the door, and looks through the peephole, where she has a flashback to when she was a girl. She answers the door, and Leann is there. Beth and Leann go upstairs and Leann mentions that she was at Shelley's funeral, and that Shelley's parents were convinced she committed suicide. Beth tells Leann that Shelley went strange before she died. Suddenly, Leann's phone rings with an eerie ringtone. Leann tells Beth that it is not her ringtone, and delays in answering, because she sees it is from Shelley's phone, so the call goes to voicemail. She listens to it, and it horrified. Beth asks to listen to it, and it plays a recording of Leann talking about seeing things before screaming. Leann tells Beth that it is from 2 days in the future. Meanwhile, Detective Jack Andrews (Edward Burns) gets a call from the mortuary, asking them to come and identify a body. They tell him it has been in the water for a couple of days. He pulls the cover off and confirms it is his sister. He is left alone with the body, and finds that there is something in her mouth. He pulls it out and reveals it to be a hard candy. Fast forward two days, and Leann is at college with Beth. She hallucinates seeing a centipede crawling along Beth's arm, and sees strange faces. When the class finishes, Beth asks her if she wants to go somewhere, but Leann blows her off, telling her she needs to go to the library. Later, Leann leaves the library, and continues to hallucinate strange faces. She phones Beth and tells her that she is sorry for blowing her off, and that she keeps seeing the faces. She tells Beth that the call happens in a few minutes, and Beth arranges to meet her at a nearby footbridge. Leann then repeats the voicemail, just as the bridge gives way and she plummets in front of a train. Beth arrives just in time to see this, and hears a hissing sound. When she turns around, no one is there. She looks over, and a hard candy rolls out of Leann's mouth, with Leann's phone skipping through her phonebook. 2 days later, Taylor is talking to her friend about Leann's and Shelley's deaths, and about how they got the phone calls. Brian arrives and shouts at them for talking about it, and hallucinates a centipede crawling up the wall. He goes to a cafe, where Beth approaches him, and he shows her his message, which was dated for a few minutes later. He gets up and walks away, narrowly avoiding being run over, and Beth calls out to him to get his phone. He repeats the voicemail, just as an explosion occurs, sending a pole straight through him. Beth again hears a hissing sound, and no one is there, just as a hard candy falls out of Brian's mouth. She goes to the police, but they do nothing to help her, until Jack hears her story and tells her that his sister died in the same way. He promises her that he will do some digging because he can trace the calls back. Beth goes home, and she and Taylor take the batteries from their phones. Later that night, Beth awakens after hearing the ringtone, and goes downstairs. Taylor asks her whose phone is ringing, and she picks it up to find out it is Taylor's, even though the battery is missing. Taylor answers and hears herself screaming, dated for 2 days afterwards. The next day, they smash Taylor's phone, but they are approached by a man called Ted Summers (Ray Wise) who wants to perform an exorcism on Taylor. He gives her a new phone, and she gets the call again. The next morning, Taylor leaves Beth a note telling her she has gone to her parents' house. Beth leaves them a message asking to speak to her. Jack arrives and tells Beth he has traced the call to a woman called Marie Layton. They arrive at her apartment and a neighbour tells them that she hasn't been seen for a week. They break in and find that there should be a nanny cam in the room, but it is missing. This leaves them determined to find Marie because they believe that she has been abusing her daughter, Laurel and is responsible for the murders. They later find out that her other daughter Ellie died of an asthma attack. Beth sees Taylor on Ted's TV programme, and they head to the studio in a church in order to find her. A priest begins to exorcise Taylor, and as Beth and Jack arrive, it all goes wrong. The lights go out, and Taylor begins to scream. When they come back on, she is dead, and a hard candy rolls out of her mouth. Beth then gets a call from Taylor of her own message, dated the next day. The next day, Jack arrives at her house, and she delays in answering the door, with another flashback. He asks her about some burns on her arms, and she tells him that she was abused by her mother, and her father committed suicide. He tells her they have managed to track Laurel down, and they go to see her. At her foster home, Laurel refuses to answer any questions, but instead lets her teddy play a noise, which is the same as the ringtone. Beth shouts at Laurel, and they are thrown out of the house. They split up to investigate further, and Beth sees a doctor that treated Laurel during the fire. He tells her that Marie never left the hospital. Beth goes to St. Luke's, where the fire took place, and breaks in, where she is attacked and dragged down a corridor, but is rescued by Jack. She tells him that she believes Marie is still in the hospital, and they decide to look for her. A force splits them up, and Beth crawls into an air vent, as Jack decides to break down the door. In the vent, she finds Marie's body, but it comes to life and crawls on top of her. She asks it why (echoing the message), just as Jack arrives to find her unharmed. Outside, Beth tells him that she believes Marie brought her there to keep her safe. Jack goes to tell Laurel her mother is dead, and finds the nanny cam hidden in the back of her bear. He watches it, and finds out that Ellie was abusing Laurel, not Marie, but Marie caught her, and she had an asthma attack, and called her mother, which started the curse. The hissing sound came from her inhaler, the people were her dolls, and the centipede was her pet. Jack asks Laurel if Ellie abused her, and she replies "But she always gave me candy after." He arrives back at Beth's house, and tells her about Ellie. Just then, there is a knock at the door. Beth tells Jack not to answer it, but he looks through the peephole and is stabbed in the eye. Ellie enters the house and attempts to attack Beth, but she is pulled into the phone by her mother's ghost. Beth stares in shock as Jack's phone begins to cycle through its contact list and the film ends.
tt1405500
Drama
Anika Noni Rose...Yasmine / Yellow Michael Cory Davis...Man #1 Andrea Jones-Sojola...Soprano #2 Haji Abdullah...Graduation Audience Member Latika Sye...Opera Patron
tt0884726
Animation,Adventure,Family
The plot begins as Dorothy returns to Kansas to find it devastated by the tornado that sent her to Oz. Before she can react to the destruction of her home, she is transported back to Oz, where her three friends (Scarecrow, Lion and Tin Man) have disappeared. She meets a charming man made of marshmallows who cant quite think for himself, a tiny china doll princess whose bossiness is a cover for her fragility, and a tugboat with as many personalities as he has pieces. Dorothy must help this group band together against the Jester, a wicked new villain who believes that all of Oz should be under his control.
tt2194499
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Tim Lake (Domhnall Gleeson) starts to describe himself and his family. He was always "too tall, too thin, and too orange." His mother (Lindsay Duncan) was usually unsentimental. His father James (Bill Nighy) was a former university professor who now enjoys his free time reading and playing table tennis,. His uncle Desmond (Richard Cordery) was a bit odd and presumably has Alzheimer's, and his sister Katherine, nicknamed Kit Kat (Lydia Wilson), was free-spirited. The family has spent many joyful occasions together on the beach and at home in Cornwall, England, as Tim recalls. Tim's parents host a New Year's Eve party, which Tim is none too fond of attending. He and his friend Jay (Will Merrick) clumsily stumble into a table which spills drinks and bottles everywhere, even onto some guests. Kit Kat hooks up with a guy named Jimmy Kincade (Tom Hughes), while a pretty young blonde woman show interest in Tim. When everybody counts down to midnight, the woman leans in to kiss Tim, but he instead shakes her hand and wishes her a happy new year. The woman is visibly disappointed while everybody else is kissing their significant others. The next morning, Tim meets with his father in the family's den. James informs him of a big family secret that his own father shared with him when he turned 21. Apparently, the men in the family have the ability to travel through time. Tim is dumbfounded and doubts what his father just told him, but he asks how this task is accomplished. James tells him to go into a dark place, close his eyes, clench his fists tight, and think of the exact moment he wants to go to, and he will find himself there. Of course, he adds, there are limits to his time traveling, as he can only go to moments in his own life, as he cannot "kill Hitler or shag Helen of Troy." Tim goes into the wardrobe in his bedroom to make this attempt. He does what James told him, and he suddenly hears the Killers song "Mr. Brightside" playing loudly and he is stunned to see he is wearing the same outfit he wore at the New Year's Eve party. He avoids bumping into the table and when the countdown to midnight happens, he grabs the blonde woman and kisses her, much to her satisfaction. Tim returns to the present to express his astonishment to his father. He asks Tim what he plans on using this ability for and he answers that he'd really like to use it to get a girlfriend. Summertime rolls around and Kit Kat's friend Charlotte (Margot Robbie) arrives to stay with the family, and Tim is instantly smitten with her. While she and Kit Kat are sunbathing, Charlotte asks Tim to rub sunscreen on her back. He jumps with excitement at the request and as he tries to squeeze the tube, he squirts a big load of sunscreen on Charlotte's back. Tim awkwardly runs away into the house and into the closet to go back to this moment. He now acts more laid back and suave, then gently applies sunscreen to Charlotte's back. On the eve of Charlotte's last day with the family, Tim goes into her room to ask her a question. Before he says anything, she says he had better not ask any question about love, as Kit Kat said he may have, but that's exactly what he was going to ask. Although Charlotte finds him sweet, she tells him he shouldn't have waited 'til her last night to make a move and that he should've tried earlier. This leads him to walk into the closet next to her room and go back a month, midway through her stay, to make a move. Charlotte is more interested, but then says they should wait until her last night to see how she feels. Tim eventually realizes that no matter how much he travels back in time, he cannot make Charlotte fall in love with him, and so she leaves him with a broken heart. After the summer ends, Tim moves to London to pursue his career as a lawyer. He moves in with a family friend named Harry Chapman (Tom Hollander), a grouchy playwright. He then starts work at a law firm and makes friends with a young man named Rory (Joshua McGuire), who spends a lot of time close to Tim as he continues his search for a girlfriend. One evening, Jay takes Tim to a restaurant where they are paired up with blind dates in a dark room. Tim spends the night talking to a American-accented girl named Mary (Rachel McAdams) while Jay is with her friend Joanna (Vanessa Kirby). Tim and Mary hit it off while Joanna hardly shows interest in Jay. The guys meet the girls outside and Tim is enchanted by Mary's beauty, even though she doesn't see herself as being particularly attractive. Tim says he admires her dress and her fringe hairstyle. Before she and Joanna leave, Tim manages to get Mary's phone number. Tim returns home to find Harry bitter over a failed performance at his play where one of his actors forgot his lines onstage. This inspires Tim to start the night over so he can join Harry at the play to change his mood. Tim goes to the dressing room of one of the main actors (Richard Griffiths - his last onscreen appearance) to encourage him to give his script another look over. The actor rudely tells Tim off, but then does read through his script. Tim and Harry watch the play and the actor delivers his lines spot on, to which the audience applauds. Unfortunately, as it turns out, it is another actor (Richard E. Grant) who completely freezes onstage. Tim leaves to go back in time and go backstage to hold up cue cards for the actor to look to, which allows him to recite his lines perfectly and also receive applause. After the show, Tim goes to call Mary, only to see her number isn't listed in his phone. He rushes to the restaurant where they met and is told by the host that Mary and Joanna had already left, and since they payed in cash, he can't give Tim anymore information. Harry reads the paper the next morning to find a glowing review for his play, though what catches Tim's eye is an ad featuring Kate Moss, since he and Mary chatted about her when they first met. This leads him to go to a museum featuring an exhibit with Kate Moss pictures, hoping to find Mary there. He goes for days upon days with no luck until Kit Kat comes by to help him out. Finally, Mary strolls by, and Tim seizes the opportunity to talk to her. He tells her it's good to see her, but she tells him that they've never met. He says he knows her name is Mary, but it only makes her a bit uncomfortable. He leaves rather embarrassed, but Kit Kat convinces him to go back, just as Joanna arrives. Tim convinces Mary to let him tag along as long as he assures her he's not a lunatic or an odd fringe fetishist. He joins them for lunch and learns that Mary has a boyfriend. Said boyfriend, Rupert (Harry Hadden-Paton), arrives to join the girls. Tim starts asking pressing questions about how they met and where, which happens to be at a party Joanna threw the previous week at her flat. She even gives Tim the specific address to the place, which is enough information for Tim to run into the mens room to time travel again. Tim runs to Joanna's party in time to find Mary sitting by herself near the window. He starts to chat her up, first coming off as awkward, but then convinces her to leave the party so they can have dinner together, thus allowing Mary to never meet Rupert. On their date, Tim learns that Mary works for a book publisher, and they have another chat about Kate Moss. After dinner, Tim walks Mary home and they kiss for the first time. She invites him inside for sex, which doesn't go smoothly the first time. Tim goes back in time to try again, which turns out better, but he tries once more, being more assertive and leaving both himself and Mary very satisfied. Tim and Mary officially start dating, going through many months together through the train station as a musical group plays a romantic song through their montage of love. One day, Mary's parents come to visit from America, though she springs it on Tim at the last minute just as they're coming up to their apartment. She warns him that her parents are very conservative and to not mention their intimacy. They arrive at the door and Tim foolishly blurts out that they do not have oral sex. Naturally, he goes into a nearby closet and back in time to undo this and he has a meal with Mary and her parents, leading Mary to say that she loves Tim. One evening, Tim and Rory go to watch a play, and Tim notices Charlotte there with her friend Tina (Catherine Steadman). After the play, Tim goes to say hi to Charlotte, and she introduces Tina as her girlfriend. This gives Tim the wrong idea that she rejected him because he believes she was a lesbian, though she says that's not the kind of girlfriend she meant. He goes back to undo this, though he still makes a blundered remark about misusing "girlfriend" to make someone think she's gay, when it turns out that Tina really is gay, but she is not Charlotte's lover. Tim goes back in time a third time to correct this, but instead doesn't approach Charlotte. However, Charlotte happens to spot him as he is leaving with Rory. She chats him up and then goes to have dinner with Tina, only to come back moments later to invite Tim to join her while she ditches Tina. The two have dinner and then go back to her place. Charlotte begins to invite him in, but Tim sees where this is going and he tells her there is something he needs to do. Tim runs back to his apartment to find Mary sleeping. He wakes her up to propose to her, though she is too tired and half-asleep to respond. He time travels to hire a jazz band to play music and approach her more gently to ask her to marry him. She says yes and thanks him for not doing a grand public proposal. Tim and Mary visit Tim's family to give them the news. He finds Kit Kat, who tells him she's been let go from another job. She runs into the living room to tackle Mary and kiss her cheek repeatedly. Over dinner, Tim announces to the family that he and Mary are going to get married, and they are planning on doing it soon as they are also going to have a baby. The family is overjoyed to hear this news. That evening, Tim and Mary start making plans, such as using the song "Il Mondo" at the wedding, where they'll get married, who Tim's best man will be, and where they will spend their honeymoon. The day of the wedding arrives. Even though it starts pouring rain, everything turns out fun and enjoyable for the couple. During the reception, where Rory is the best man, he starts to give an awkward speech, leading Tim to time travel and pick Harry as his best man. Harry starts making rude comments toward Tim, which makes him go back to pick Jay. This is just as bad since Jay starts making crude sexual references, forcing Tim to just pick his Dad as the final best man. James ends up giving a half-assed speech, so James decides to time travel himself to give a much nicer speech in which he states he's only loved three men - Uncle Desmond, BB King, and Tim. Not long after, Mary gives birth to her and Tim's first child, a girl they name Posy. They eventually move into a house of their own, even though Tim states they can hardly afford it, but he and Mary are happy nonetheless. One year later on Posy's first birthday, Tim's family arrives but they are still expecting Kit Kat. There is a knock at the door, but it turns out to be Jimmy Kincade. Tim asks about Kit Kat and Jimmy says that he got into a fight with her and she had been drinking earlier. Tim and Mary rush to the hospital to find out that Kit Kat was in a car accident due to her driving drunk. Tim time travels to bring Kit Kat to his house before she drives anywhere. He takes her for a walk on the beach to confront her over her problems with Jimmy. He then admits his secret to her and brings Kit Kat into a closet to time travel back to the New Year's Eve party (from the beginning of the film) where she first met Jimmy. She is just as surprised to find herself in her old clothes as Tim was at the beginning. Tim holds Kit Kat away from walking to Jimmy, and they see him approach another girl. Kit Kat realizes what a jerk Jimmy is, and she goes over to him to punch him square in the face. Tim takes Kit Kat back to the present and her memory has been altered, so she tells Tim that she is now with Jay. Tim is pleased to see that Kit Kat is happier with Jay, and he goes back home. When he goes to play with Posy, he is shocked to see that his daughter is now a boy. Tim time travels back to the day of the child's birth to meet his father. James tells his son that because the child was born in between the time-traveling Tim did with Kit Kat, he altered the time-line so that he instead had a son. Tim realizes he must undo Kit Kat's new time-line so that Posy is born. Kit Kat still suffers the car accident, but Tim and Mary stay by her bedside until she vows to break up with Jimmy and maintain her job. Before he leaves, Tim tells Kit Kat that Jay has always had a crush on her and that she should talk to him. Sure enough, Posy is still there, and Tim plays with his daughter. He tells Mary he wants another child, though Mary doesn't want to go through the process again. Despite this, they have another baby, this time a boy named Jeff. One evening, Tim and Mary are going out to have dinner with Mary's publisher. She goes through a bunch of dress changes because she is unsatisfied with how she looks despite Tim telling her she looks lovely in anything. Mary eventually goes back to the very first dress she tried on. She asks Tim where Posy is, and he tells her he left her downstairs. Unfortunately, he left her with the publisher's manuscript, which Posy colored over in crayon and put through the paper shredder. Mary is furious, and as Tim tries to walk out so he can undo this via time travel, Mary does not let him leave. The phone then rings and she answers angrily, then apologizes when she finds out it's Tim's mother. She passes the phone to him and Tim's face becomes worried when he speaks to his mother. Tim and Mary go with Kit Kat back to the family's home in Cornwall. Kit Kat runs inside tearfully while Tim asks his mother how she is. She responds "I am absolutely uninterested in a life without your father." Uncle Desmond tells Tim that James has lung cancer. He adds that on Tim's wedding day when James told Desmond he loved him that it was the happiest day of his life, and now learning of this news makes this the worst day. Tim meets with his dad and learns that he has merely weeks left. He admits that he's been time-traveling a lot to give himself more time to spend with his family and to read a lot of books. He then tells Tim he has another secret to tell him. Tim narrates that his father gave him a two-part plan to enjoy his life. The first part is to go through a day normally as it plays out - we see Tim going to work, watching Rory get chastised by their boss, going to get lunch, and going to a courtroom case with Rory that turns out to be successful, living the day with the stresses he ought to face. The second part is to go back in time and relive the day again while embracing it for what it is. He relives that day with a more upbeat feel, even allowing Rory to enjoy the day. The day comes for James's funeral. While everybody is getting ready, Tim time travels to a moment with his father, letting him know that he is arriving from the funeral. He sits down with James to listen to him read a passage from a Charles Dickens novel. Some time after the funeral, Mary tells Tim that she wants a third child, this one being the "insurance baby" - as she explains, in case one of their children ends up being smart and the other doesn't, there can be "two happy dummies" instead of one miserable one. Tim is on board with the idea, though he realizes that this means he would have to permanently let his father go. Over the following nine months as Mary is pregnant with their third child, Tim time travels to visit his father on a daily basis. On the ninth month, as Mary is nearly ready to deliver, Tim visits his father one last time. They play table tennis, and James asks what his reward should be. Tim says he will give him a kiss, and from the look on his face, James is able to determine what this means. Tim goes over to give his father a kiss, and then the two go into a dark place to time travel together to a day when Tim was a child. He and his father spend the day together at the beach. Tim and Mary's third child is born, a girl named Jo. Kit Kat and Jay have also gotten married and had a child of their own. By this time, Tim has decided that he may now live his life without time travel, as it is perfect the way it is. He kisses Mary as she lays in bed while he goes to take his children, now slightly older, off to school. The film ends with a brief montage with most of the other characters (Rory, Harry, Tim's mother, Kit Kat, Joanna, etc.) enjoying their lives one day at a time. The End.
tt0891592
Action,Crime,Thriller
The movie opens with Chun Li narrating her experience growing up aspiring to be a concert pianist. As a child, she moves from San Francisco to Hong Kong with her family. There, along with piano, she learns Wushu from her father, Xiang, who is a well connected businessman. One night, her home is attacked by Bison and his henchman. Chun Li's father fights them off until Balrog grabs a hold of a young Chun Li, forcing him to surrender. As Bison and his men are leaving with Xiang, Chun Li's mother tries to stop them. Balrog just punches her. Years later, Chun Li grows up and becomes a talented concert pianist. At the end of one of her concerts, she receives a scroll written in Ancient Chinese text. On her way home, she sees a mysterious homeless man getting assaulted by street thugs. After the thugs leave, Chun Li tends to him and notices a spiderweb tattoo on his hand. Meanwhile, Xiang is shown working for Bison as a prisoner. In return for his services, he is allowed to view pictures of his daughter all grown up. Back home, Chun Li's mother finally loses her battle to cancer as Chun Li and her servants mourn her loss at a funeral Elsewhere, we see Nash and Maya investigating a murder of several heads of criminal syndicate families in Bangkok. Chun Li on the side is meeting with a wise old lady in town who studies the scroll and tells her to find a man named Gen in Bangkok, revealing to her an image of the same spiderweb she saw tattooed on the homeless man's hand. With a new goal in mind, Chun Li leaves her home and heads to Bangkok. After weeks of searching for Gen without any luck, she sees a man being assaulted in an alley by thugs. Chun Li comes to his rescue and fights them. After a long battle ended by finishing them with a Bike Rack Drop Ultra move, Chun Li collapses in exhaustion. There, we see Gen pick her up to take her to his home. Gen tells Chun Li that he knows how to find her father and that Bison has him, but that she also needs anger management. In response, she goes to an internet cafe and logs onto shoryuken.com to find out more about Bison, who is now holding the families of property owners hostage in order to force them to sign their property over to him. Upon leaving, one of the owners is asked to hand over the rights to a docking harbor, allowing the shipment of the "White Rose". Chun Li overhears this. Meanwhile at Interpol, Nash figures out that Bison's headquarters are right across the street from the Police Station. Later that night, Cantana, one of Bison's secretaries, goes to a nightclub. Chun Li spies on her and notices her jocking the girls in the club. Chun Li moves in and seductively dances with her before casually walking away into the bathroom. Cantana, sex driven, follows her and locks the bathroom window. There, Chun Li beats her into giving out the location of the White Rose. Cantana's bodyguards come back and Chun Li escapes after a brief shootout. We are then told of Bison's origins. He is the son of Irish missionaries. He grew up an orphan having to steal fish from people in Thailand. In order to lose his conscience, he forced his daughter out of the womb of his wife prematurely. This somehow transferred his conscience into her. Back at Gen's home, Bison's henchmen come after Gen and Chun Li. Gen fights them off until Balrog blows up his house with a rocket launcher. With Gen gone and nowhere to be found, Chun Li runs off. She is then attacked by Vega, who she defeats soundly and hangs upside down since his claws weren't sharp enough to cut rope. Chun Li then heads to the harbor and interrogates an employee into telling her the arrival time of the White Rose. Later that night, this turns out to be a trap as several Shadaloo soldiers capture her. Chun Li is then taken back to Shadaloo headquarters and is reunited with her father. Bison tells her that Xiang outlived his usefulness and breaks his neck, killing him. Bison and Balrog leave Chun Li to the henchman to finish off. Chun Li however escapes when they try to swing her around from the ceiling like a pinata. As she runs away, she is shot in the arm by Balrog. Before Balrog could recapture her, the crowd begins throwing durians at him. This scares Balrog as he drives off in his Benz. Chun Li meanwhile, is rescued again by Gen, who survived the explosion. Chun Li approaches Nash and tells him she needs backup to take down Bison. Nash and Maya oblige as Chun Li approaches the dock employee who set her up last time. The employee tells her that he was forced into deceiving her and tells her the real arrival time. Chun Li doubts him at first, but he points to the white board at the arrival time, proving that it is true. At the dock later that night, Interpol agents engage in a shootout with Shadaloo soldiers. On a ship, Chun Li finds a girl asking where her father is. Meanwhile, Gen fights Balrog and kills him by stabbing him with a pipe spraying nitrogen. We later find out that the girl is Bison's daughter and her name is Rose, making her the White Rose. Bison takes her in and welcomes her warmly. Bison walks into his office where he is ambushed by Gen. Gen however is no match for him. Sensing his daughter in danger, Bison goes back to his daughters room, where he finds she is gone. Gen shows up again and ambushes Bison, getting beaten up again. Chun Li then comes in and fights Bison. After a long battle, she hits him with a bamboo pole a couple times and drops some sandbags on him, making him dizzy. She then charges up a Kikoken and shoots it at him, knocking him off the scaffolding they were fighting on, then jumping on his neck and twisting it, killing him. Back home, Chun Li is settled down as Gen pays her a visit. He shows her an ad for a Street Fighter tournament, telling her about a Japanese fighter named "Ryu something". Chun Li declines, saying that she's home for now.
tt1735485
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
First, the audience follows an emergency call. The operator (Rebecca Clay's voice) tries to get the information about what is happening and to whom, but the conversation is like interrupted by static noise, silence and rambling. In 2007, in the midst of the drought and water shortages, the NSW State government has unveiled plans to tap into and recycle millions of liters of water trapped in a network of abandoned train tunnels just beneath the heart of Sydney. However the government suddenly goes cold on the plan and it is not made public why. There is talk of homeless people who use the tunnel as shelter going missing, even though the government states that there are no homeless people in there. This, and the silence from the officials and ministers (Peter McAllum), leads a journalist, Natasha Warner (Bel Deliá) to begin an investigation into a government cover-up. She and her crew Peter "Pete" Ferguson, the producer (Andy Rodoreda), Steve Miller, the cameraman (Steve Davis) and Jim "Tangles" Williams, the sound technician (Luke Arnold) decide to investigate the story in the tunnel. They plan to enter the tunnels for themselves in the early evening. After being refused entry to the tunnels by a security guard (Ben Maclaine) and trying to bribe him which fails, they find an alternate entry and make their way into the tunnels undetected. The crew proceed to explore the tunnels for several hours and locate various abandoned homeless squats and sections used as air raid shelters in the 1940s. They come upon the huge underground lake and it is while filming this with Natasha doing a verbal commentary to camera, that Tangles hears strange noises through the audio headphones. Thinking one of the others is playing a joke, he stops Natasha and begins several more times. The group then heads to a room where the WWII air raid bell is. In order to get footage of the bell ringing, Natasha hits on it several times but Tangles says it is too loud and is distorting the audio. Tangles decides to take the boom-mike into an adjoining room as a way of reducing the sound levels. He leaves Peter with the headphones to listen for distortion in the bell volume. Natasha hits it again and Peter hears something very disturbing in the headphones, then immediately a whip-like sound, coupled with a sudden movement, and Tangles' audio cable gets suddenly pulled through the opening, snaps and disappears. The rest of the group panics and goes to look for Tangles who has disappeared. The scene switches to the interview, where Natasha is allowed to hear this recording for the first time. As the sound of the bell plays, the sound of screams of agony can be clearly heard before the headphone wire snaps. Upon going back to the bell room they find that all the equipment left in there has gone. Then while searching for Tangles, they hear something and find a room blocked off by scrap metal. Natasha places down the camera to help Peter and Steve. They get into the room and are horrified to find blood everywhere and Tangles' abandoned torch. At the entrance of the room Natasha picks up the camera saying it was not where she left it, so they review the footage and a glimpse of whatever it was that picked the camera up is seen. While they were investigating the room, something or someone had picked it up and is apparently stalking them. They are forced to stick together if they want to get out of the tunnel to get help. They venture through the tunnel and hearing some noises of a person calling down, happen to come upon the security guard that had earlier refused them entry. They tell him that one of their crew has gone missing and that something has taken him but he tells them quickly to follow him and get out. Starting to follow him, a flash of light is seen and something pounces on the guard as he nears a corner, dragging him out of sight in an instant. The group flees, screaming in terror through blood spattered corridors. They hide in a room and stay there until they decide the creature has gone. Trying to find a way out of the tunnel, they return to the previously encountered lake. Hearing something in the dark, they extinguish all light and use the night-vision camera to look towards the sound. There, Natasha watches as the security guard, with water up to his chest and whimpering with pain from his empty eye sockets, is murdered by what appears to be an emaciated, tall humanoid who twists his head completely around, snapping his neck. She finally lets out a scream, attracting the creature's attention. The terrified group runs in startled panic. They come to a dead end where they find a barred opening into a street above them, and Natasha breaks down, screaming for help. Peter eventually calms her down and they begin searching for an exit again. At one point, while climbing through a small opening, the creature attempts to grab Peter away. However as Steven turns around (thus shining the camera's light on them), the creature immediately retreats. Steven realises that the creature is vulnerable to light. Upon reaching another dead end, Natasha discovers a semi boarded up side route. Upon entering this new room, they find signs of some living being, and a small pile of fresh human eyeballs. The main camera loses power, causing Steve to frantically attempt to replace the battery. Just as the power switches the light on again, the creature attacks, knocking Peter and Steven to the ground. A panic-stricken Natasha runs off with the night-vision camera. On her own for a while, she stays in silence, but then hears a noise and is confronted by the creature who cracks the camera lens as it grabs at her, dragging her semi conscious with the small camera still recording. Now Steven and Peter, recovering from the previous assault, follow the sound of her screams and the creature's movements. Through the nigh-tvision camera, we see Natasha dragged back to the lake. We hear the creature mutter in unintelligible, raspy sounds as it attempts to drown Natasha. Before it can succeed, Steven and Peter rush to help her, using the light to chase it away. As Steven helps Natasha get away, Peter can be heard screaming and challenging the creature, drawing them away from the other two. Steven manages to drag Natasha to a previous, well-lit tunnel near a train station. Natasha begs all the way to go back for Peter. Then Peter can be heard screaming for them. They rush back and drag a badly wounded Peter to the safety of the normal train platform. There captured on CCTV, we see Natasha amongst the morning crowd, calling for help on a borrowed phone. Peter is lying still and bloody and Steve is not helping but sitting dazed and exhausted against a pylon. It is about 7am, they have been in the tunnel all night. In the epilogue it is stated that the coroner found that Peter died from extensive internal bleeding. Natasha resigned after the underground shoot, no longer working as a journalist. Steven still works as a news and a current affair cameraman. Tangles' whereabouts remained unknown and his family is still searching for answers. The police investigation was closed due to 'contradictory evidence'. No state government official or police representative agreed to be interviewed in the film.
tt1921070
Crime,Thriller
Pusher tells the story of a week in the life of Frank (Richard Coyle), a big time drug pusher in London. Franks life is a fun-filled roller-coaster of a ride that soon spins out of control. Friendships start to vanish, there is no longer room for love within his life, and violence takes over. Danger and chaos are all around and he becomes a man trapped in his own world. Eventually Frank is left with no one to turn to and nowhere to go, becoming a man paralysed with the fear of knowing there is no way of preventing his inevitable fate.
tt0844671
Comedy
After Kevin (Drake Bell), a high school senior, gets dumped by his girlfriend Gina (Alona Tal) for being too boring, he doesn't want to go to the freshman orientation weekend at Fieldmont University, where they had planned to go together. But his best friends Carter (Andrew Caldwell) and Morris (Kevin Covais) convince him that the weekend away will help get his mind off her. Once there, one of the rowdiest Fraternities and sororities fraternities on campus pretends to recruit them as pledges in return for granting them access to the college party scene. Though forced to put up with the disgusting antics of fraternity brothers Teague (Nick Zano), Bearcat (Gary Owen), and Cooper (Zach Cregger), the guys meet sorority girls Kendall (Haley Bennett), Heather (Camille Mana), and Amy (Nathalie Walker), and sparks fly. But once Teague feels threatened by Kevin's new relationship with Kendall, he takes the pre-frosh humiliation to a greater level, forcing the guys to decide to fight back.
tt1407061
Comedy,Romance,Sport
Leslie Wright (Queen Latifah) is a straight-shooting physical therapist tired of being a guy's girl. She and her God-sister, Morgan, are living together and Morgan wants to be an NBA trophy wife. After a Nets basketball game, Leslie helps star player, Scott McKnight (Common) at the gas station. He invites her to his birthday party, where she shows up with Morgan. He meets Morgan and suddenly takes an interest in her. After a quick relationship, Scott and Morgan end up being engaged. At the 2009 NBA All-Star Game (which was filmed at the Izod Center even though the game really took place at the US Airways Center in Phoenix.), Scott becomes injured, an injury that could possibly ruin his career. Morgan suggests that he enlist the help of Leslie, since she did not approve of his previous gorgeous physical therapist, so Leslie moves into their home. Rumors circle that Scott's career would end quickly if he did not recover by the playoffs, which causes Morgan to leave Scott through a letter. Scott becomes extremely upset, discouraged to continue recovery. Leslie encourages him and helps him get back in the game, the two of them spending a lot of time together. Scott is able to return to the NBA right before the playoffs, winning his first game back. Leslie and Scott decide to spend a romantic evening together , but Leslie wakes up to Morgan at Scott's door hoping to reconcile. Leslie quickly moves out as Scott and Morgan reunite. Because Leslie helped Scott recover in such a short amount of time, many teams offered her the position as an athletic trainer. Most likely to make the Sixers her new team, Scott quickly stops her when he realizes that he is in love with her. They are shown a year later, with Leslie working as one of the Nets team athletic trainers and she and Scott have wed
tt1711018
Horror
The film starts with a man on an operating table with a massive wound in his abdomen. A surgeon comes in and tortures him by placing salt in his wound. The scene shifts to four friends, Tayler, Tony, Kai, and Nick, on a vacation. On their way home, they stop at a gas station where an alluring stranger named Diane asks for a ride to her truck, which has run out of gas. Nick agrees, but his girlfriend Tayler is suspicious. Nick drops her off at her truck, and Diane offers to get the girls some samples in gratitude. Diane then returns, wearing a gas mask and puts everyone asleep with nerve gas. The friends awaken to find themselves trapped in a house with a dozen other people. After a brief fight, Nick and Tony calm down and learn they have all been captured and the doors are locked. Everyone has a gadget inserted into his or her neck and they a projector playing a video of a woman telling them they have 24 hours to escape. By doing so they must inflict harm on each other using the weapons they've supplied with. Every bit of suffering fills up a bar and the bar is filled, they will be able to remove the gadgets and escape. If they fail the gadget will inject poison within their brains and kill them. One man, Julian, breaks down and removes his gadget and dies instantly. The others decide they have no choice and begin with Greg, a reporter who may know about this plan and hopes to see his son again. The group beats him and breaks off his fingernails, one girl, Tara, is especially violent and breaks his leg with a drill and Greg goes into a coma. Deciding they cannot risk injuring each other to that point, the group agrees to torture each person up to no higher than 6 percent of the meter in a certain order. After both Tony and Nick each take their turns also have their nails broken, Tayler who is next on the list, reveals she's pregnant. Tara insists she goes anyway but Nick volunteers to go for her. To help him get by, Tayler secretly gives Nick some medication pills, but this slows the meter. Next on the list, is a girl named Lisa, who tries to avoid it by hiding but is dragged out by Sam. . Later on, it is revealed to Greg that the group had earlier contemplated leaving Greg behind, as they'll need their strength to confront their captors. Everyone agreed except for Nick and Tony. Tony called everyone else cowards and Nick relays this to Greg who has now recovered. Tara insists that the majority opted to let Greg die, but Tony, fed up, punches her out and Greg is given the rest of the meds. Later, Tony, Tayler, and Lisa, then try to get six percent each by sticking their hands in boiling water but Kai backs down so Tony does his other arm. Meanwhile, Tara who has regained consciousness, takes a kitchen knife and tries to kill Tony for punching her. Tony is stabbed in the shoulder and falls with the pot of boiling water falling onto him. Tara is knocked out again this time by Nick, before she can finish Tony off. Tara is placed on the torture table, and upon regaining consciousness, Tony tells her that her actions raised the meter to 48%. Tara, somewhat nervous, urges them to get her shift done quickly, but Tony reveals they will be pushing higher than the usual six percent this time. Tara starts to protest that they had voted on six percent and breaks down in tears, begging to be released. She desperately tries to hold them back and in the process, cuts Kai, fatally wounding her. Tony, distraught and enraged tries to kill a helpless Tara but Nick convinces him to keep her alive. Tony agrees, but demands that he do what he wants to her. Tony severely damages Tara's larynx with a wrench, knocks out of a few of her teeth, removes some her skin with a grater, and cuts her arms open with a knife. When Tara finally passes out or dies, the meter is at 80%. After the others finish their torture, the meter fills up fully and the projector flashes a new message of the woman congratulating them and instructing them to place the vials in their gadgets in the door allowing them to escape. Soon only Greg and Tayler are left while Tony is unable to get back in. Suddenly Sam attacks Diane and Tony and is revealed to be the one who orchestrated this scenario. Nick pursues into the room seen at the beginning where Sam, having removed his gadget, locks Tayler up again. Greg admits to Tayler that he knew about this cult that feels everyone deserves pain and agony. Tayler tries to escape by inflicting burns on her back with an electric burner, pouring bleach on her already burnt arm, and slamming her injured arm in the cupboard door. Sam amused admits that he was one who had suffered injuries in his life and yet survived, believing, that everyone deserves pain to be innocent. Sam then activates a device that starts killing everyone except Nick who Sam sympathizes won't die for another ten minutes and yet assures him that Tayler won't be feeling any pain. Despite the poison, Nick is able to kill Sam with a screwdriver and takes some of the meds that he finds in the room, cancelling the poison. Nick rushes back to find everyone dead. Through heartbroken Nick leaves the room. Days later, Nick is seen in a restaurant, his injuries treated, ordering waffles and cream. As he looks out the window, Nick spots Diane, hitchhiking with a redneck and goes after her, leaving money on the table. Hours later, Diane tries to "offer" the redneck a sample of her products, but he drives off. Diane, disappointed, heads back to her car, only to confronted by Nick, who slams her head against the car, knocking her out. Nick stuffs Diane in the back and puts on "Looks that Kill"on the radio and comments what Diane said earlier: I love this song.
tt1087461
Drama,Horror,Thriller
Megan is Missing begins with a simple video caption on black screen declaring that the movie is based on actual events from actual missing-children cases. (It should be noted, however, that the movie itself and all scenes there in, are fictitious and performed by the actors.) Switch to Megan Stewart (Rachel Quinn) and Amy Herman (Amber Perkins) together in Amy's bedroom, doing an ad-lib performance together for Amy's new video camera. Megan and Amy are the best of friends, almost like sisters. The screen freezes and a caption appears saying that Megan disappeared without a trace on January 14, 2007, and that Amy followed suit three weeks later. A second caption claims that the film was assembled using cell phone logs, computer files, home videos and public news reports. A title screen appears, and then a caption giving the date as January 2, 2007. Amy and Megan are together in a coffee shop frequented by members of their high school. As Megan's laptop captures video footage, Megan and Amy commiserate about having to return to school the day after New Year's, though it quickly switches to Amy's virginity, something she is sensitive about. The scene shows that Megan is a social butterfly and popular in her class, while Amy is a quiet, semi-timid and decidedly unpopular girl with virtually no friends outside of Megan. Caption: January 4, 2007: Megan is in her bedroom, and a caption lists her name, her birthdate (August 12, 1992) and her age during the time of the video recording (14 years old). Megan is at her laptop in her room having a video conference with her friend Angie (Carolina Sabate), discussing a supply of drugs Angie had just gotten from another student named Tercel. Both Megan and Angie have bought drugs from this Tercel, paying for them with sexual favors. Angie mentions that she and her boyfriend, Gideon (Trigve Hagen), who is with her at the moment, are attending a party later that evening. The conversation is interrupted by Megan's mother, Joyce Stewart (April Stewart), who is outraged that her TV program didn't record because Megan unplugged the VCR to use her game box and forgot the plug it back in when she was finished. Joyce is shown to be a loud, shrewish woman who treats Megan badly and makes the girl feel unloved, even screaming that Megan should go live with her father and get out of Joyce's life. So incensed is Joyce at missing her TV show that she takes a hammer and smashes Megan's game box while Angie and Gideon laugh in disbelief at Joyce's outrageous antics. Megan gets another video call and switches to it. Amy is inviting her to hang out together at the local mall, or any other places Megan might prefer. Unfortunately, Megan has to stay home tonight and help her mother with some things. Switching back to Angie and Gideon, Megan is reluctantly enticed to come over to their house and "play with them" in return for a small packet of the drugs. Caption: January 5, 2007: Amy is getting ready for school. A caption lists her name, her date of birth (January 10, 1993), and her date at the time of the recording (13 years old). Amy's parents, Bill and Louise Herman (John K. Frazier, Tammy Klein) comes into her room to talk about the planned party they're intending to throw for Amy's 14th birthday, only a week away. Bill was looking to host it at a particular place that Amy liked, but she says she's starting to feel too old for it. The scene quickly reveals that Amy's parents are very loving and dote on her, in direct contrast to Megan's parents, who are divorced and provide her with none of the parental love and support she still very much needs. After they leave, Amy looks at her face in her mirror again and sighs. Bill had called her 'Princess' in a loving way, but Amy feels that to the rest of the kids in the neighborhood, she's more like 'Princess Pudgy.' Later that day, Megan receives a cell phonecall from an acquaintance named Ben (Rudy Galvan) while hanging out at the coffee shop with her friends Lexie (Jael Elizabeth Steinmeyer) and Kathy (Kara Wang). Ben is hosting a party that weekend and is calling to invite the three along. Both alcohol and drugs will be freely available. Lexie, Kathy and Ben are all stunned when Megan insists on bringing Amy with her to the party; Lexie and Kathy going so far as to politely excuse themselves. Ben is furious at the idea of Amy attending the party, but Megan doesn't back down. The scene shows that Megan is sufficiently 'in demand' in the student party scene that she has the influence to open doors that would otherwise be closed to Amy. By now, the friendship between Megan and Amy is also shown to be one that fulfills both of their strongest needs: Megan gives Amy access to peer social events that she would otherwise be shut out of, while Amy gives Megan a confidante that soothes and comforts her in light of the horrible way she's treated by her mother. Caption: January 6, 2007: Ben's party. Outside of Ben and Gideon, the party is almost all girls. Each has to pay $10 for entry or else provide a sexual favor The teens dance to glaringly loud rock music, drink, smoke pot and do cocaine. Amy listens to the music and holds a beer bottle in her hands but drinks sparingly and doesn't dance, feeling awkward about it. Some of the girls get tipsy enough to dance close together, and Ben spends time making his moves on whoever will receive them. Megan in particular doesn't care for Ben's advances. Kathy, on the other hand, enjoys feeling 'wasted.' Even Amy starts to get tipsy from drinking, but pushes Gideon away when he starts to grope her while one of Ben's friends films it. Gideon slaps Amy hard across her face for her trouble. Humiliated and crying, Amy goes looking for Megan, only to find her on her knees in front of Ben, performing fellatio on him. Megan is severely embarrassed at being seen by Amy. Near the end of the party, Amy slumps against a stairway banister, not feeling well after drinking most of the night. At the foot of the stairs, Lexie is coaxed into snorting a little coke and slowly french-kissing another girl while Ben films it. Amy suddenly throws up on the two girls, much to Lexie's total outrage and disgust, but to the delight of the other boys who hoot up about Amy being drunk. Late that night, Megan and Amy comfort each other via video conference. Megan admits that she doesn't particularly care for most of the other students, despite her popularity among them, and Amy is her only real friend. She amuses Amy with a story of how she did fellatio at age ten on a 17-year-old camp counselor; a conversation that's rudely interrupted by Joyce, who demands that Megan turn her computer off and go to sleep. Megan, embarrassed, tells Amy she desperately wants to get away from her mother and they talk briefly about running away together to Texas before ending the call to go to sleep. Caption: January 10, 2007; Amy's 14th birthday: The first scene in the movie, Amy and Megan doing an ad-lib for Amy's new video camera (shown to be a birthday present). More of the scene is shown as they ad-lib a mock interview of their respective life stories. Megan goes first, and her bubbly demeanor suddenly turns quiet and sad as she talks about her family. Her voice is sarcastic as she 'claims' her mother loves her, and she doesn't know where her father lives or what he does for a living... and her stepfather, Paul, is in prison for raping Amy repeatedly over a two-year period starting when she was nine. Megan says that Joyce was so frightened of losing Paul that she blames Megan for his going to prison and this is likely one reason for Joyce's abominable treatment of her. Megan finishes by saying that boys like her and she provides them any favors they want, but insists that they pretend to love her-- even though she knows it's fake and in her opinion, pathetic. Amy hugs Megan comfortingly, and Megan is seen to take real solace in it. Caption: January 13, 2007: Megan and Lexie are video chatting. Lexie tells Megan about a young man named Josh that she's met online. Josh is a skateboarder and attends Tolland high school, and he took notice of Lexie's internet profile because she listed skateboarding as an interest, even though she doesn't know how to ride a skateboard (guys dig it when girls are into skateboarding, Lexie tells Megan). Lexie tells Megan that Josh's online handle is 'skaterdude.' Megan does a search on the handle and a photo of Josh is shown, with a caption saying that Megan downloaded the photo and it was later found on her computer. Lexie mentions that Josh's little brother accidentally broke his laptop's webcam, and tells Megan that Josh met George Clooney at a mall and talked to him once. She innocently suggests that Megan instant-message Josh some time, and Megan says that maybe she will later. Amy is shown making a video diary entry. She points her video camera all around her room, showing her stuffed animals, and says that her favorite teddy bear is named Billy, but she doesn'st have him anymore. She points the cam at a picture of Amy and Megan together. She takes her camera all around her house, describing some of it in the diary entry, saying she lives in Sherman Oaks, a suburb of Los Angeles. She 'introduces' her mother (who slyly suggests that Amy SHOULD be doing her homework while Louise is making dinner) and the family cat (who Amy says is older than her in real years, which makes him over 100 in 'cat years') on the diary entry, and says that her father works long hours and isn't at home as much as he'd like, but always makes sure to come home for important events. Megan makes contact with Josh (Dean Waite) online. He tells her a little about his skateboarding and that the teachers at his school 'suck.' Megan says they also suck at her school, which she names as Alton; Josh recognizes the name and says that he doesn't live far away. He tells her he practices boarding at a ravine behind a diner that Amy knows about and goes to often. Amy is briefly disturbed when Josh asks her to tilt her webcam down a little (she knows exactly why he's asking), but Josh apologizes and backs down, whereupon Megan obliges him, and he compliments her on her blouse. Megan mentions Josh's broken cam, and he says his dog chomped on it-- Lexie had told Megan that Josh's little brother broke it. Josh quickly says that both his brother and his dog did their share in breaking the cam. He is attending the party that Lexie had invited Megan to, and asks Megan if she's coming-- since Megan has seen his photo maybe they can hook up. Megan is unsure if she wants to go. There is some sardonic banter between the two of them before they finally sign off. After the call is ended, Megan suddenly rushes to her dresser and grabs a strappy black top and a denim skirt. That evening Megan is walking to Tracy's house for the party and calls Amy on her laptop. She tells Amy that she decided at the very last minute to go the party after talking to a boy she met online. Amy makes another video diary entry. She's looking through a teen magazine to find a nice prom dress in case a boy asks her to his when she's a senior in high school. Then she figures no boy is ever going to ask her to a prom and drops the F-bomb at her video camera before ending the diary entry. Caption: January 14, 2007: Amy calls Megan at 8 AM to see how the meeting with Josh went at the party. Megan says that Josh was a no-show; she waited four hours for him. She tells Amy Josh's name and calls him a jerk. Amy invites Megan to go to a movie with her after she's feeling more awake, and they end the call. Josh contacts Megan online. Megan confronts Josh at his no-show at the party, but Josh insists he was there, and he proves it by accurately describing Megan's outfit, including the butterfly clip she wore in her hair. When Megan asks why he didn't come up to her, he gets embarrassed and says he kind of 'wimped out' when he saw how popular she was with the other teenagers. Megan finds this flattering and forgives Josh. She tells him that she's going to see a new Matt Damon movie with her best friend and drops a hint that Josh can come along. He gets a little shy but then bites at the offered bone and offers to get her some ice cream after the movie (he's a little shy about meeting Megan's friend). Megan steps out of the house and calls Amy on her cell phone, and tells her why Josh didn't come up to her at the party. She finds him very sensitive and likes that about him. She tells him he's going to web her around 7:30 and offers to let Amy come with her. Josh makes web contact with Megan after the movie, and Megan introduces Amy to Josh. The three talk briefly and Josh sends another picture of himself showing that he surfs as well as skateboards-- he says the current time of year is perfect for surfing because of water currents from Mexico (showing he knows a lot about the sport). Amy heads home and Megan and Josh agree to meet behind the diner. After they end the call, Megan quickly grabs up her purse, and the camera continues to show her empty room for half a minute after she walks out. Caption: January 15, 2007: Megan wasn't present at school, and Amy hasn't been able to reach her to find out how the date with Josh went. She becomes worried enough that she contacts Kathy and Lexie, both of whom are cold and curt in their reception of her, telling her only that they haven't talked to Megan either before quickly hanging up on Amy. Amy webs Josh online to find out about Megan, and he gets a little concerned as he tells her that he was hoping to ask her the same thing; they were supposed to get together last night, but Megan never showed. He promises to web her if he hears from her. Caption: January 17, 2007: News anchor Callie Daniels (Lauren Leah Mitchell) reports on Megan's disappearance. The news broadcast is perfectly put together to grab at the heartstrings, including a portrayal of Megan's mother as frightened for Megan's welfare and praying for her safe return, and a reporter asking Kathy and Lexie about Megan, who they say simply didn't show for school all of a sudden. The news report goes into elaborate detail about Megan's life in her community and school, complete with the school principal, and Kathy and Lexie, giving all the magic words about Megan: popular, beautiful, role model, honor student, active in the community, everyone loves her. After finishing up the section on Megan, Callie Daniels gives a very short, brief summary about another missing child: a 13-year-old boy named Tercel Jackson, before going to commercial. Caption: January 18, 2007: Amy makes a late-night video diary entry where she talks about her worry over Megan, and that she doesn't believe that Megan ran away, as the news reporters speculate was possible. She says she can feel in her heart that Megan is still alive, and Amy is sleeping with her cell phone next to her pillow in the belief that Megan will call her at any time. Caption: January 19, 2007: News reporter Yvette Bartosik (the name of her character as well as the actress' real name) is reporting with a 'stunning update' on Megan's disappearance: Security camera footage from the diner reveals footage of Megan being seized. The footage shows Megan walking behind the diner when a man came up to her, grabbed her wrist and led her away. The footage is too grainy to show Josh's face or whether Megan resisted or tried to call for help. The security camera footage is shown three times in slow-motion, with captions saying it is being shown first in original size, then enlarged 200%, and finally 500%. It is still impossible to tell if Megan was frightened at the moment she was grabbed, or what Josh looks like; although it can be seen that his hair is shorter, darker, and styled differently than in the picture that Lexie had sent Megan. Caption: January 20, 2007: Amy and Josh are talking online. Amy seems uncomfortable with Josh calling her 'cute girl,' even though he tries to assure her that he finds her attractive. She asks him plainly if he was the person in the security camera footage, and he says (amused) that that was 'some old dude.' Reading Amy's worry, Josh asks about Amy's friendship with Megan and learns how close they really are. Josh suddenly turns callous when he says he's surprised that Amy is the kind of girl that Megan would hang with; when she accepted his calling her attractive, he says, it meant she was stupid. Amy confronts Josh on her belief that he knows where Megan is, but he denies it. Josh's tone reveals his true colors as he rails on about how everyone perceives Amy; including, he claims, Megan. She again demands to know what he did with her, and he says, 'nothing she didn't do with 100 guys before.' Caption: January 29, 2007: A news report gives breaking new details in Megan's disappearance: Amy has gone to the police and told how Megan met a man named Josh online. The news report gives Josh's name, as well as his online handle of skaterdude. Amy is shown leaving the local station surrounded by her parents and police officers who fiercely protect her from the onslaught of media questions. Caption: January 31, 2007: Amy is making a video diary entry showing some of the places that she and Megan freuqnted together. As she passes the diner, Lexie and Kathy see her and walk up to confront her. Lexie becomes particularly emotional as she lambastes Amy over Megan's disappearance. Unable to deal with her guilt over having introduced Megan to Josh-- now the prime suspect in her disappearance-- Lexie becomes hysterical and starts to scream at Amy that she loved Megan as well and tries to pin Megan's disappearance on Amy. Amy's video diary continues. She walks past a bridge that she and Megan often visited.She sets her laptop on the ground under the bridge and squats down in front of it, reminiscing about the adventures she and Megan shared. She turns to a niche in one of the bridge's supports and pulls out her favorite teddy bear, Billy, saying that she hid him here after Louise wanted Amy to get rid of Billy because he was growing old and ragged. As she holds the teddy bear, a silhouette is seen appearing several yards behind Amy, on the other side of some foliage. The silhouette stays put and appears to eavesdrop as Amy talks about the whole experience making her not want to grow up and that she'd just rather stay there under the bridge holding Billy. Caption: February 1, 2007: Amy is on the internet when Josh makes contact to confront her on going to the police. He warns her that free internet screen names can easily be set up and discarded anywhere, at any time, meaning the police can't find him. He demands that Amy shut her mouth about him, threatening that he might have to 'visit' either her or her mother if she doesn't leave him be. Amy stares into her webcam, frightened, for half a minute before shutting her webcam off. Caption: February 2, 2007: A news report gives a detailed live-action re-enactment of the security camera footage showing Megan's abduction. The re-enactment has been filmed at the exact spot of her abduction and features commentary from the director and the actors playing Megan and Josh, speaking about the importance of spreading awareness on child safety. The actor playing Josh speaks about how hard it is playing the role of such a despicable internet child predator. The actress playing Megan talks about how the internet isn't as safe as people think, even when you're in your own home. The actual re-enactment footage ends with the Megan actress starting to scream for help as the Josh actor forces her into a white SUV and drives off with her. A video caption says that on March 4, 2007, two photographs of a young girl later identified as Megan, were found posted on a fetish website's forums. The website owner contacted the FBI because of the graphic, disturbing nature of the photos showing what was clearly an underage girl. A second caption says that the photos have never been released to the public before. The photos show a wooden table; the table's top is a pillory with openings to trap a person's neck and wrists. Megan is locked inside the device; her eyes wide and wild, her hair matted and disheveled. Built into the table-top pillory near the neck opening are metal hook braces that hold Megan's mouth wide open. A rubber band is slung over her head, ending in another metal hook that is lodged in her hostrils, pulling the base of her nose opward. Megan's fingers, hands, and knees are bloody, showing she's been tortured and abused, both physically and sexually. Caption: February 4, 2007: Amy makes another video diary entry under the bridge. She talks about how volunteers for the search for Megan are dwindling and people are losing hope she is still alive. Amy admits she isn't sure herself, anymore, if Megan is still alive. Needing solace, she turns to the niche to reach for Billy-- and a man's hand is seen reaching into the video camera view to seize her. News anchor Callie Daniels gives an update on Megan's disapparance, reporting that Amy has vanished after having gone to the police with information on Josh. Police are concerned on the double disappearance but continue to look into 'all possibilities,' including that the two girls might have run away together. Caption: February 6, 2007: News reporter Yvette Bartosik reports on a pink ribbon campaign organized in the neighborhood where Megan and Amy live, in the hopes of the two girls being returned safely home. Even Lexie and Kathy are taking part in the campaign, although they carefully mention only that they'd like to see Megan return home safely. Amy's parents are shown thanking the volunteers for their search and praying for Amy's return. A caption says that the following scene is a short piece of news footage not previously broadcast: Search workers are looking in trees just off a road. A worker tells the chief he's found something. The chief notices the reporter and sends another worker to make the reporter leave the scene. Another caption says that on March 12, 2007, Amy's video camera was found in a trash bin in the Angeles National Forest. Photographs show the inside of the trash bin and then a zoom-in photo shows the camera visible among some trash, and finally a police detective holding the camera, placed in a plastic evidence bag, as he talks with search workers. Another caption announces footage of a man believed to be 'Josh' as found on the camera. It shows the silhouette coming into view well behind Amy in her video diary entry from January 31. The view zooms in on the silhouette but cannot reveal any positive details about 'Josh.' A caption says that the following scenes are the final 22 minutes of footage found on Amy's video camera after it was discovered; the footage is unedited and unaltered. Amy is shown as 'Josh's' captive, stripped to her bra and panties, chained at the neck to a wall in a small, filthy cell that looks disturbingly like it was built for that very purpose. It is very dark, showing it to be underground or a sub-basement. The camera pans past a closed polypropylene-plastic barrel as 'Josh' goes to check on Amy. The terrified girl tearfully begs and pleads for mercy, for 'Josh' to let her go. He coldly tells her that Megan is here, but Amy can only see her when he says so. He tells her that Josh isn't his real name, and he douses her with a bucketful of dirty water. More graphic scenes are shown of Amy as 'Josh's' captive. She is savagely and unmercifully tortured, raped and sodomized, passing out from the pain of it, and forced to completely debase and humiliate herself by kneeling on the floor and putting her hands behind her back, eating the food he's placed in front of her as a dog would-- she complies when 'Josh' dangles her teddy bear, Billy, in front of her. He gives it to her finally, and she huddles against the corner of her cell, cuddling the bear and crying. Finally 'Josh' takes her out of her cell, talking sweetly to her about whether she'd like to go home. He tells her that he needs to put her in the barrel so she can't see where he lives. But when 'Josh' opens the barrel, Amy is horrified to find that it contains Megan's body. She screams in horror as 'Josh' forcefully stuffs her into the barrel and re-seals it. A heartbreaking twelve-minute finale ensues revealing Amy's appalling fate: 'Josh' has taken her out into the woods and digs a hole to bury her alive. 'Josh' wordlessly digs as an increasingly desperate Amy professes to love him with all her heart and will submit herself completely to him if he lets her live. But finally the hole is completely dug and 'Josh' tips the barrel, rolling it to the bottom of the hole. Amy's soft and tearful pleas give way to hysterical shrieks for someone, anyone, to come and help her. 'Josh' says nothing as he buries her alive in the makeshift grave, finally picking up the flashlight and walking toward the break in the treeline, leaving Amy to die. Megan and Amy are shown together on side-by-side missing-child posters. Megan's poster says that anyone having or wanting information should to to the website 'findmegan.com' (which leads to the website for the movie). The end credits ensue among a video diary entry where Megan and Amy wistfully talk about what their future will be like when they grow up. At the end of the entry, Amy asks Megan if she thinks Amy will meet a man when they're grown up. Megan assures Amy that she will one day... and that they'll both "just know" when the right guy comes along.
tt1334553
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
Fugitive John Taylor flees an initially unspecified crime, with a wounded foot. (Flashbacks and news reports reveal he robbed a bank, in collusion with a teller.) He stops in a convenience store for some disinfectant, just moments before it is robbed; he manages to turn the tables on the robber, but she gets away with his wallet. The store's TV identifies John and his car, so he quickly ditches it, proceeding on foot into an expensive neighborhood. With a sob story about being mugged, he gains entry to the house of Warwick Wilson, who is preparing a dinner party. He makes small talk and drinks red wine while trying to figure out his next move, and how to keep his lies from being found out. When the radio news makes an announcement about John, he angrily shushes Warwick, revealing himself. John intends to kill Warwick, and tells him so, also forcing him to call his guests to cancel. Suddenly, John keels over; the wine has been drugged, and Warwick is not the person he seems. When he comes to, John is tied to a chair, and the party is in swing -- but all the guests Warwick is interacting with are figments of Warwick's imagination. Warwick takes a Polaroid of John and reveals a scrapbook of his past dinner parties, each with a murder victim, and a timeline of things Warwick is going to do to him. As the night wears on, John is further terrorized, drugged and incapacitated, and learns various things about Warwick's strange lifestyle. John and Warwick play chess, with the prize being John's freedom; John, who is an excellent player, wins. Warwick lets John go as agreed but taunts him before he can leave, calling him worthless and secondary. John takes one of the swords on display in Warwick's living room and stabs him with it, but it proves to be a collapsible prop knife, and so Warwick knocks John out. When he regains consciousness again, they are in Warwick's bathroom, and Warwick cuts John's throat. John's body is left outside with the trash. He wakes up and discovers that most of his injuries are fake; Warwick is a master of movie makeup. Detective Morton arrives at Warwick's door -- Warwick is actually a police lieutenant, who is working John's robbery. Meanwhile, while waiting, John gets suspicious of Simone, the bank teller he was working with, and discovers she made alternate travel arrangements out of Los Angeles that don't include him. John locates Simone in a parking garage, taking her switch car and the money, leaving her to be captured by the detectives. Warwick stops John from leaving, and blackmails him for the robbery take, leaving him with only a couple thousand to get past the Mexican border. A couple of months later, Detective Morton receives a letter from Mexico -- it's a Polaroid from the dinner party of Warwick and John together. A suspicious Morton confronts Warwick, who blows it off, but when Morton persists, Warwick invites Morton to a dinner party.
tt1657283
Comedy,Drama,Music
The legacy of legendary dancer and choreographer Honey Daniels lives on in spirited 17-year-old Maria Ramirez (Kat Graham). After a brush with the law, Maria has returned to her gritty Bronx roots to rebuild her life with nothing but a talent for street dance and a burning ambition to prove herself. She finds refuge in the place that made her feel most alive as a kid at the rec center where Honey's exuberant classes first ignited her passion for dance. Keeping on a straight and narrow means living with Honey's mom Connie (Lonette McKee) and holding down a job just to make ends meet. But a rare night out at a local dance club gives her an opportunity to let loose with a joy and energy she had almost forgotten. Maria's killer moves catch the eye of Brandon (Randy Wayne), a rec center volunteer, who invites her to help him transform a group of gifted but indisciplined dancers called the HD's. Maria's skills also attract the attention of her old boyfriend Luis (Christopher Shazar), the charismatic leader of the award winning 718 dance crew, who hopes to lure her back into the street world she is trying to escape. Seeing a chance at creating a new and meaningful life, Maria pours her heart and soul into dance and begins training the HDs to compete on the television dance competition "Dance or Die" which means going up against the 718 and Luis. Like Honey before her, Maria rediscovers the thrill of dancing as she finds out who she truly is and where she belongs.
tt1303828
Comedy,Crime,Drama
During the day, Arthur Poppington (Woody Harrelson) is a normal man (even if slightly naive to the workings of the world) working in the construction industry. During the night time, he transforms into his alter-ego, Defendor, protecting the streets from thugs. The city has a problem with thugs and nobody is prepared to stand up and fight for themselves. The police are slow to catch the wrongdoers and Arthur has a huge willpower to do what he can to help the people. He helps Kat (Kat Dennings) one night from Dooney - when she really didn't need any help - she was a hooker. Dooney (Elias Koteas) is a corrupt cop in the police force and he is in cahoots with a Serbian mob boss. Arthur has been searching for Captain industry all his life as he had killed his mother. Kat and Arthur become friends and Defendor goes after Captain Industry knowing that there is a very high chance of dying or getting arrested.
tt1181795
Action,Drama,Fantasy
In a hyperreal, hyper-saturated, hyper-driven dystopia, guns are banned upon pain of death and the sword is now king. Nicola the Woodcutter is the most powerful man east of the Atlantic, a shadowy crime boss who rules with an iron fist with the help of his lady Alexandra, a femme fatale with a secret past, and nine diverse assassins and the Red Gang, a force not to be trifled with. His right-hand man is Killer #2, a cold-hearted, smooth-talking, toe-tapping murderer dressed in red and wielding a deadly blade without remorse. The citizens live in fear of this pack of wolves, and wait for the hero who can overthrow the tyrant. One night, a mysterious drifter walks into the Horseless Horseman Saloon of the local insurgent bartender and desires two things: a shot of whisky and to kill Nicola. Soon, another stranger enters the bar, a samurai named Yoshi. Yoshi wants to avenge his father by taking back a talisman that Nicola stole from his clan. Armed with crossed destinies and incredible fighting skills and guided by the wisdom of the bartender, the two eventually join forces to bring down the corrupt and contemptuous reign of Nicola and set out on a journey, breaking bones and cracking heads in search for Nicola. In an amalgam of samurai film, spaghetti western and chop socky and using a stylish blend of neo-noir, German expressionism and Russian futurism, characters in the world of Bunraku spin and ricochet against a backdrop that resembles a pop-up-book made of origami, ever-changing and whirring like a steam driven Victorian theatre set. It is a universe driven by pugilistic force, delivered in a brash style of amazing physical combat sequences.
tt0457572
Comedy,Drama,Horror
In this satire of American society, we find ourselves following a little boy, Timmy Robinson (K'Sun Ray), through an alternate version of the white-bread 1950s of big shiny cars, houses with white picket fences, and prejudice, except that instead of Blacks there are zombie servants animated by space radiation, but kept under control with Zomcon zombie collars. Timmy is delighted with the family's first zombie (Billy Connolly), whom he names Fido, although his father, Bill Robinson (Dylan Baker), is terrified of zombies. the mother Helen (Carrie-Anne Moss) only acquired the domestic zombie due to social pressure from her neighbors. Bill is only interested in golf and in funeral rights to make sure that they will all stay dead when they die, and not become zombies themselves. Fido becomes Timmy's best friend, while the neighborhood playboy (Tim Blake Nelson) keeps a beautiful female zombie named Tammy (Sonja Bennett) as his girlfriend. Fido runs afoul of prejudice, circumstance, hardware faults in the Zomcon collars, and neighborhood bullies. Before we are done, there is murder and assorted other mayhem, zombification, a full-scale zombie riot at Zomcon, and the death of Timmy's father as a result of the zealous Zomcon security chief's (Henry Czerny) attempt to throw Timmy to the wild zombies beyond the fence to punish him for being attached to a zombie. Fido then rescues Timmy and all's well that ends well. Fido is restored to his family, and the widow discovers that she is happier with Fido than with her late emotionally challenged husband.
tt0892767
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The movie opens with an older man and his dog out on a winter morning hunt, when a strange sight catches his eye. A serving tray on a stand in the middle of a frozen lake. He steps up to investigate, but notices the phrases "Come and See" on several trees surrounding the tray. When he lifts the lid, his eyes widen, but his fate is not shown. Detective Aidan Breslin (Dennis Quaid) is an emotionally detached widower whose life with his two sons have been devoid of personal contact since the death of his beloved wife. He receives a call of a possible murder. He arrives at the lake and is instead asked to identify a man's teeth, due to his former dental forensics expertise it is as yet undetermined if the man is in fact dead. Using the evidence on the teeth, he is able to determine the sex, race, diet and approximate age of the victim which matches that of a man who had earlier been reported as missing, but they have no evidence to what happened to him, and the only clue were that trees surrounding him reading "Come and See" on the north, south, east and west banks. The bizarre murder of a beloved wife and mother of three (including an adopted Asian daughter Kristin) displays prominent features of a ritualistic killing. She had been strung up on a series of hooks, the bedroom painted red and according to an autopsy report, she had been drowned by her own blood due to a precise stabbing through the lung and heart walls, as well as a bizarre twist that she had been pregnant and the fetus was removed. On the walls of the rooms "Come and See" is displayed prominently on all four walls. Using physical evidence, Breslin is able to determine that there were four attackers, and they used a tripod for a camera to record the murder. Breslin attempts to console the grieving daughters, but is interrupted by the arrival of their father. Meanwhile, Breslin's home life finds that though he attempts, his work continually interrupts his chances of attaching emotionally with his sons Alex and Sean. Another murder occurs, with the same M.O. through a man who is hanging in a living room surrounded by black colors. This leads Breslin to a tattoo parlor and finds the builder of the hook rigs who confirms he had constructed four in total. Another murder occurs, but this time in a hotel room with no hook rigging and only three notices of "Come and See" on the walls. Sean's insights point Breslin to the Bible and he discovers that these killings are much like the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, the colors of the room corresponding to the colors of the horsemen. "Come and See" goading them toward the lifting of the veil and the coming of the Apocalypse. Kristin contacts him unexpectedly and he goes to meet with her, and console her in her mourning. However during the conversation, she shocks Breslin by presenting her sibling's fetus and revealing she was involved in the murders. After her arrest, her interrogations make her appear unhinged, almost wanting for death. Breslin assumes that she is the one representing the Horseman of Death, as she approached each of the victims and delivered the killing blow to them. Alex, growing more and more distant from his father after Breslin insisted not to continue to celebrate their late mother's birthday every year slowly starts to open himself up to his father. Breslin returns the feelings to his children and attempts to make plans with them, however further reports pull him away. A failed attempt to catch the Horsemen at their home base grants further clues. A website, which Breslin noticed the homepage of before the computer was destroyed, and a partial hard drive recovery which leads them to that website in which a future date is displayed. One boy, Cory, who had come out as gay to his family confronts his homophobic brother Taylor, and turns out to be one of the Horsemen. After stabbing a man, but leaving him alive to provide his description to police and takes Taylor. Taylor awakens to find that he is hooked up into a rack with his eyes fixed open in the middle of a green lit room, as his brother comes out of the darkness and while wielding a bone saw he proceeds to cut himself in the chest and kill himself before Taylor's eyes while trying to cut his own heart out. The following morning, a traumatized Taylor is questioned by Breslin, who goes over to Kristin's house and he and his partner Stingray discover the video recordings of her mother's murder, he then learns that she had been sexually abused by her father, and has him arrested. Breslin's boss tries to get him onto another case, but he becomes convinced that there is still another pending victim as four rigs had been constructed and only 3 had been used in the 4 recent murders. He approaches Kristin that the third victim was the Horseman Pestilence. The third Horseman identified, she refuses to relinquish who their leader is. He comes to the conclusion that due to the nature of the first murder, he was meant to be assigned to the case all along, and becomes concerned that his family will be targeted next. Stingray is attacked when investigating the Breslin home at his request, and when Aidan arrives he searches the house, entering his son's room for the first time since his wife's passing, only to discover to his horror that everything in the room, floor, ceiling, computer, bed spread are white in color; the color of the Horsemen leader. The clues point him to a theater called the Metropolitan, which had earlier been confirmed to be where Aidan first met his wife. When he arrives, he is knocked unconscious by an unseen assailant, when he comes round he finds himself handcuffed to the stadium seating as he finds his son dangling over the stage on the final of the four rigs. Watching, terrified as Alex starts bleeding to death, gives him a speech regarding to his own emotional detachment after being the only one present when his mother died. As Alex succumbs to his injuries, Breslin rips his handcuffs off the seating and fires his gun to detatch the rigging from the ceiling. Alex awakens weakly as his father holds him, but it is undetermined if he survives. In the final scene, Sean wakes up from a bad dream as his father comforts him quietly. When he asks where Alex is, Breslin replies: "Don't you worry about Alex. Alex is going to be okay." In the director's commentary, however, Jonas Akerlund stated," There is no happy ending, however you twist and turn it. There is no happy ending so, to me, Alex had to die in this movie."
tt1024715
Comedy,Drama
Victor Mancini (Rockwell) is a sex addict who works as a reenactor of life in Colonial America. He works with his best friend, Denny (Brad William Henke), who is also a reformed sex addict. To support his hospitalized mother (Huston), Victor cons others by intentionally choking at restaurants to get money from his rescuers. When he visits his mother one day he meets Paige Marshall (Kelly Macdonald) taking care of her. She tells Victor that his mother's condition is worsening and that they could try an experimental stem cell technique but for it to work it would require harvesting cells from the umbilical cord of a new born baby with Victor's genes. She convinces Victor to have sex with her so she can have his child and save his mother. Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain the information from his mother but she never recognises him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions. Denny agrees and reveals that Victor's mother kept a diary. Victor finds it, but it is in Italian. Paige tells Victor she can read Italian and agrees to translate the diary. Victor and Paige try several times to have sex but Victor cannot maintain an erection and after discussing it with Denny he realizes he loves Paige, Paige reveals to him that his mother may have fled Italy because she stole Jesus' foreskin, and use cells to conceive Victor, making him the second coming. He is reluctant to believe but in the end believes Paige. However his mother finally recognizes him and tells him that she stole him as a baby and she has no idea who his real parents are, as she tells him this he feeds her chocolate pudding and accidentally chokes her. She dies. While Paige is trying to resuscitate Victor's mother, a hidden band around her wrist falls into Victor's view, revealing that she is actually a patient in the hospital, not a doctor. Paige then reveals that she was admitted to the hospital years ago, in a catatonic state, and fell in love with Victor through the stories his mother told her about him. As a former medical student, the nurses allowed her to wear a white coat, as it calmed her down. Paige was a voluntary patient and she checks herself out without saying goodbye to Victor. After his mother's funeral Victor is on a plane, he goes to the bathroom and the door opens to reveal Paige joining him in the bathroom.
tt0765120
Drama,Romance
Jeremy (Jude Law) runs a cafe in New York City frequented by Elizabeth (Norah Jones), who finds out from Jeremy that her boyfriend has dined there with another woman. Elizabeth returns to the cafe several times, and she and Jeremy become close. Angry and heartbroken, Elizabeth gives her keys to Jeremy, in case her ex-boyfriend comes to collect them, and takes off for unknown parts. Going by the name of Lizzie, she takes a bus to Memphis, where she takes two jobs, in a cafe and in a bar, to save money to buy a car. She writes postcards to Jeremy without revealing where she lives or works. Jeremy tries to find her by calling all the restaurants in the area, but fails. One night at the bar she encounters a cop Arnie (David Strathairn) grieving about the fact that his wife, Sue Lynne (Rachel Weisz), has left him. Arnie confides in Lizzie that he has tried to quit drinking many times. After drunkenly threatening Sue Lynne with his gun, he crashes his car into a post and dies. Lizzie comforts Sue Lynne, and the next day Sue Lynne leaves town, giving Lizzie a large tip to put toward buying her car. Now going by the name Beth, she gets another waitress job, this time in a casino. It is here we are introduced to poker player Leslie (Natalie Portman), to whom Beth lends her savings for gambling after Leslie promises to either win the game, or give Beth her car. Leslie ends up giving Beth her car, saying she lost the game. Beth agrees to give Leslie a ride to Las Vegas, where Leslie's father lives, so he can lend her money she needs to start gambling again. Leslie gets a call from the hospital, answered by Beth, informing Leslie that her father is dying. Leslie does not believe it, believing it to be a ruse to cause her to go visit him. They go to the hospital anyway, and at Leslie's request, Beth goes inside alone to check, where she finds out that Leslie's father had died the night before. Leslie wants to keep the car because it was really her father's, and confesses that she lied about losing the game. She pays Elizabeth the money she had originally promised, and she uses it to buy a car. Elizabeth returns to New York to find her ex-boyfriend's apartment for rent. She crosses the street to the cafe, and discovers Jeremy has been waiting for her, and has a space reserved for her at the counter. They talk, and it is discovered that they actually have feelings for each other.
tt1234654
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The film follows Roger Greenberg (Ben Stiller), a 40-year-old man who has recently suffered a nervous breakdown and is now struggling to just "do nothing." He returns to L.A., where he had grown up and had a semi-successful rock band, and housesits for his brother, Phillip (Chris Messina), while he and his family are away on an extended vacation. Greenberg meets his brother's assistant, Florence (Greta Gerwig), and begins a halting, awkward romance with her. He reconnects with his old band mates -- including Ivan (Rhys Ifans) -- who are still bitter about a record deal that Roger ruined 15 years ago. Roger also attempts to date Beth (Jennifer Jason Leigh), an old girlfriend, but she rejects him. While Roger is housesitting, Phillip's dog becomes sick, forcing Roger to take responsibility for his care. Toward the end of the film, his twenty-something niece arrives, throws a wild, drug-filled party in the house, and then leaves for Australia -- tempting Roger to go with her.
tt1183665
Drama,Thriller
Within the confines of a strict, all-girls English boarding school (circa 1930s), a clique students participate on the swim team not only to pass the time, but to be close to their swimming instructor, the enigmatic, yet charismatic, Miss G (Eva Green). While Miss G originally encourages their idolization and crack (crush) on her, the teachers attention is quickly focused on the arrival of an exotic and beautiful Spanish foreign pupil, Fiamma (María Valverde). As the new girl rebuffs her classmates, and further rejects Miss Gs interest, her teammates begin to grow jealous of Miss Gs fascination with Fiamma, and resent the latters distain of their instructor, accumulating in the inexplicable disappearance of Fiamma.
tt0421238
Crime,Drama,Western
Set in the Australian outback in the 1880s, the movie follows the series of events following the horrific rape and murder of the Hopkins family, allegedly committed by the infamous Burns brothers gang. The film opens in a brothel during a violent gunfight between the police and Charlie Burns' (Guy Pearce) gang, which ends with the deaths of all of the gang members except for Charlie and his younger brother Mikey. Captain Stanley (Ray Winstone) proposes to Charlie: he and Mikey can go free of the crimes they have committed if Charlie kills his older brother, Arthur (Danny Huston). Arthur is a mercurial psychopath who has become something of a legend and is so vicious that the Aboriginal tribes refer to him as "The Dog Man" and both the police and the Aboriginals refuse to go near his camp. Captain Stanley muses that perhaps the bounty hunters will kill Arthur in time and then states his intention to civilize the harsh Australian wilderness by bringing Arthur to justice and using Mikey as leverage. Charlie has nine days to find and kill Arthur, or else Mikey will be hanged from the gallows on Christmas Day. We discover why Captain Stanley is intent on taming Australia: he has been forced to move there with his delicate wife, Martha Stanley (Emily Watson), and apparently wants to make it an appropriate place for them to live. The Stanleys were also friends of the Hopkins family, leading Martha to have nightmares about her dead friends and the unborn child one of them is revealed to have carried. Word spreads of Stanley's deal with Charlie, primarily from Stanley's corrupt subordinate, Sergeant Lawrence (Robert Morgan), causing disgust among the townspeople. Shortly thereafter, Eden Fletcher (David Wenham), for whom Captain Stanley works, orders that Mikey be given one hundred lashes as punishment for the rape and murder of the Hopkins family. Stanley is aghast at this, not only because he believes that Mikey is innocent and the flogging will surely kill him, but because it would also break his deal with Charlie and thus put him and his wife in grave danger. Stanley sends Sergeant Lawrence away with tracker Jacko (David Gulpillil) and other men to "investigate" the reported slaying of Dan O'Riley by a group of Aborigines. Captain Stanley attempts to defend Mikey by gunpoint from the bloodthirsty townspeople, but is overruled once Martha arrives, insisting on revenge for her dead friends. Mikey is then brutally flogged, and horrifically wounded. The formerly excited townspeople slowly become disgusted and Martha faints at the ghastly display. After 40 lashes, Mikey has collapsed and the whip is soaked with blood. Captain Stanley grabs the whip and throws it at Fletcher, staining his face and suit with blood, who in turn fires Stanley. Meanwhile, Charlie rides a great distance in search of Arthur, drinking and apparently reflecting on what he will do. Along the way, he encounters an inebriated old man named Jellon Lamb (John Hurt). In the course of conversation, Charlie realizes that Lamb is a bounty hunter in pursuit of the Burns brothers and knocks him out. Later on, after sleeping on a rock bed, Charlie awakes and, before he can gather what's going on, is speared in the chest by a group of Aboriginal men standing over him. Seconds later a gunshot is heard and the head of the man who threw the spear explodes. Charlie then passes out. Charlie wakes up in the camp of his brother Arthur, which is located in caves among desolate mountains. Arthur's gang consists of Samuel Stoat (Tom Budge), who shot the Aboriginal man who had speared Charlie; a woman named Queenie (Leah Purcell) who tends to Charlie's wound; and a muscular Aboriginal man called Two-Bob (Tom E. Lewis). As he recovers from his wounds, Charlie has several opportunities to kill his brother, but does not. Not too far away from Arthur's camp, Sergeant Lawrence and his men have found and butchered a group of Aborigines. Arthur and Two-Bob find Lawrence's group while they sleep, ostensibly to get a horse for Charlie, and proceed to kill Jacko and Sergeant Lawrence. Before Arthur stomps Lawrence to death with his boot, Lawrence tells Arthur that Charlie has been sent to kill him. While this occurs, Jellon Lamb enters Arthur's camp and ties up Samuel and Charlie, both of whom are sleeping. Without his realizing it, Lamb is shot from behind by the returning Arthur. Arthur then proceeds to begin torturing the still-living Lamb with a knife, but Charlie instead performs a mercy-killing. Charlie decides that he wants to break out Mikey and informs Arthur. Arthur, Samuel and Charlie ride into town dressed in the clothes taken from the officers Arthur and Two-Bob had killed, pulling behind them Two-Bob, posing as an Aborigine that they've captured. Once at the jail, the men free Mikey, and Charlie and Two-Bob ride off with him. Arthur and Samuel remain to slaughter the two officers inside the jail. The badly injured Mikey, who has never recovered from the flogging, dies in Charlie's arms. As they bury Mikey, Two-Bob tells Charlie that all of this is Charlie's fault: "You should never have left us." Captain Stanley and Martha, who had become increasingly paranoid as they were ostracized by the townspeople after the flogging, let their guard down to have a peaceful, civilized Christmas dinner. Immediately following their conclusion of grace, Arthur and Samuel shoot open the door and invade their home. Arthur pulls Captain Stanley into the other room and brutally beats him, while Samuel taunts his wife. Arthur then calls Samuel to the room. Samuel drags Martha inside, and Arthur shoots Captain Stanley through the shoulder. As Samuel rapes Martha, Charlie walks in and informs Arthur of Mikey's death; Arthur ignores the news and encourages Charlie to listen to Samuel's beautiful singing. Charlie walks up to the unsuspecting Samuel and shoots him point blank in the head, then shoots Arthur twice, saying afterward, "No more." After this Arthur staggers out of the house. Charlie looks at a gun on the table that could potentially be picked up to shoot him, and then tells Captain Stanley "I want to be with my brother." Charlie leaves the house and follows a trail of blood to find Arthur hunched over on a hill nearby and sits down next to him. Arthur states that Charlie has finally stopped him and asks what he will do now, to no answer, and then slowly dies as his brother watches the blood red sunset of the outback.
tt0449061
Drama,Romance
Syd (Chris Evans) is a stressed out coke-head who goes to a going away party for his ex-girlfriend, London (Jessica Biel) without being invited. Before the party, he meets up with Bateman (Jason Statham), a banker who brings cocaine to the party. Bateman is an impotent man who has had his share of life troubles. The movie consists of Syd, who locks himself in the bathroom, and remembers his life while dating London for over two years. At the end of the party, Syd finally confronts London and they leave together, to have sex for one last time. They wake up barely in time to make the airport the next morning. Just when one believes they will get back together, London walks to her gate. Syd is seen driving away, though London does promise she will see him again.
tt0964539
Crime,Horror,Thriller
A group of medical residents studying pathology devise a deadly game: to see which one of them can commit the perfect murder. When med school student Ted Grey (Milo Ventimiglia) graduates top of his class he joins one of the nations most prestigious Pathology programs. With talent and determination, Ted is quickly noticed by the programs privileged and elite band of pathology interns who invite him into their crowd. Intrigued by his new friends he begins to uncover secrets he never expected and finds that he has unknowingly become a pawn in their dangerous and secret after-hours game at the morgue of who can commit the perfect undetectable murder. As Ted becomes seduced into their wild extracurricular activities the danger becomes real and he must stay one step ahead of the game before he is the next victim.[2]. He joins them in their 'game' of sorts, until eventually the group's ring leader (Dr. Jake Gallo) realises Grey is sleeping with his girlfriend (Dr. Juliette Bath) and openly murders people during the secret meetings. When Dr. Ted Grey's fiancée arrives to stay with him in his apartment, Gallo, angered by his girlfriend's infidelity kills her for the next game. However, just as they are about to begin the autopsy on Dr. Bath (while plotting Grey's death), Gallo realises that the gas has been left on in the room resulting in a massive explosion as one of the group lights a meth pipe, killing everyone but Grey who was not in the room and Gallo who realizes what's about to happen and survives. Dr. Grey is seen walking away from the explosion. Eventually Dr. Gallo manages to kill Dr. Grey's fiancée in what he believes to be the "perfect murder". Upon completing his autopsy report on his murdered fiancée, Grey is knocked out by Gallo and then forced to trade verbal barbs with him. Grey uses some of Gallo's own rhetoric against him in reverse psychology fashion, after which a fellow pathologist (Dr. Ben Stravinsky) frees Grey and together they kill Gallo in the exact same way that he killed Grey's fiancée (during which in one of the most chilling climaxes; they commence dissecting a still alive Gallo).
tt0242527
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Liz Dunn (Thora Birch) returns to her rural English boarding school bloodied and in shock. The police are called immediately for Liz has been missing from school and home for 18 days. Later, and still in shock, Liz Dunn tells her story to the psychiatrist appointed by the court, Dr. Philippa Horwood (Embeth Davidtz). The plan was that she and three more students would hide inside a war-time bunker because they wanted to avoid a school excursion to Wales. They did not want to spend the holidays with their families either. The three other runaways are popular and successful but Liz is the school outcast. She was hoping that the time in the vault with Mike Steel (Desmond Harrington) would make him forget his girlfriend, the popular Frances 'Frankie' Almond Smith (Keira Knightley) who also tags along. Geoff Bingham (Laurene Fox), Mike's best friend, was also in the bunker. The excursion people would think they were at home on holidays, and the students' parents would think they were in Wales. Nerdy Martyn Taylor (Daniel Brocklebank), supposedly Liz's only friend, was supposed to lock the gate/exit to the bunker, go home to his family and, when he returned three days later, he would unlock the door and they will all go back to school. However, at the end of the three days, Martyn never showed up to let them out. At this point, at the police station, Liz breaks down because she is too traumatized by what happened next at the bunker to continue talking with Horwood. The interviews resume a few days later. Liz's mother Mrs. Dunn (Gemma Craven) doesn't think it's necessary to go on with the questioning but Dr. Horwood insists. Felling better, Liz tells the story of what happened when they realized Martyn wasn't coming to unlock the door. Liz says that it he's doing this to get back at her because Martyn is jealous that she is in love with Mike. The four friends tried to smash the door, find another exit, all to no avail. They decide they will have to wait until Martyn takes pity on them. However, in spite of rationing, they are running out of food and water. On day 10 in the hold, once they run out of food, hunger and thirst cause Frankie to have a heart attack and she dies in a disgusting toilet booth swarmed by flies. The three remaining students cannot do anything else apart from talking among themselves, arguing and making up stories to spend their time. They get so weak that they can barely move. Suddenly, a soft pop and a hiss is heard. Geoff has hidden a last can of Coke from the others. Mike gets so angry at his selfishness, he attacks Geoff and kills him by banging his head onto the floor several times. The questioning gets interrupted once and again. This time by DCS Tom Howard (Steven Waddington) who thinks that Phillipa's conversations with Liz are just a waste of time. Tom has been questioning Martyn, who wants to talk with Liz face-to-face. In private and away from the police station, Martyn asks Liz why she's doing this because now the police suspect him of murder. Liz kills Martyn and pushes him down to the river. Back at the police station, Dr. Horwood, who now suspects that Liz is not telling the truth, questions her some more. Liz begins her story again; Now that it's only Liz and Mark in the hole. Mark starts to show some tenderness towards Liz. At that moment, Liz shows Mike the key to the door. She had had it the whole time. Mike is furious. Because of her actions, Frankie is dead and he killed his best friend. He screams at her and threatens to kill her but he falls down the metallic stairs and dies. Dr. Horwood stares at Liz in horror. She was always the "leader of the pack" at school, snobbish, stubborn and conceited, childish and obsessively in love with a boy who wouldn't give her the time of day. Her plan had been to make Mike notice her and realize he was in love with her. Dr. Horwood tells Liz that she has to tell the police what she's done. At that moment, Tom Howard walks in the room. Liz pretends to be afraid of Dr. Horwood. Tom tells the doctor to stop stalking Liz or she will lose her job. Horwood gets frantic, because she is the only person in the world who realises what has truly happened: Liz caused the death of four people in order to have the boy she was going after. But having failed that, Liz returns to her perfect, wealthy life, knowing that she got away with everything while Dr. Horwood looks on with silent anger and defeat.
tt1082886
Comedy,Drama,Romance
For psychoanalyst Dr. Jeffrey Squires (Ben Kingsley) his sessions with High-School marijuana dealer Luke Shapiro (Josh Peck) ensure a regular supply of pot to the good doctor. Many of Luke's concerns center on growing pains such as finding a girl, and dealing with his parents who are mismanaging their money and losing their upper East-side New York apartment. Squires tells the young Luke to have fun with his youth, find a girl to have a fling with and enjoy the years before he goes to college. To compensate Luke retreats into his own world and deals more pot to rich party kids to earn cash for college. When by chance he meets Dr. Squire's stepdaughter Stephanie (Olivia Thirlby) it seems the two could have a beautiful future together. But Dr. Squires has his own problems of incompatibility with his younger trophy wife Kristin (Famke Janssen). As Luke and Stephanie grow closer, the young man gets advice on how to woo her and Squires, unaware that it is his stepdaughter, goes through a menu of possible ways for Luke to bed the young woman. Luke subconsciously offers Dr. Squires a way to re-experience his own adolescence and during an all-night party the two find themselves arrested for disorderly conduct. Luke returns home to find that he and his parents have been evicted from their house and must move to New Jersey but he and Stephanie go away to consummate their relationship as Dr. Squires and Kristin come together to re-bond their marriage. When things fall apart Luke finds that he has become the one to console the older Dr. Squires in a bitter sweet life lesson. It's the summer of 1994, and the streets of New York are pulsing with hip hop and wafting with the sweet aroma of marijuana. The newly-inaugurated mayor, Rudolph Giuliani, is only beginning to implement his anti-fun initiatives against crimes like noisy portable radio, graffiti and public drunkenness.
tt1194263
Drama,Mystery
Old man Felix lives alone in a cabin in the woods. One day after hearing about an old local who died, he hitches his mule to a wagon and rides into town. He goes to a church and presents a priest with a handful of money to plan his own funeral. The priest suggests that Felix needs to make peace with God first. Upset, Felix walks out. Funeral director Frank is frustrated that people in town are not dying much. Frank hears from his apprentice Buddy about Felix's conversation with the priest, and asks Buddy to visit the old man at his cabin. Felix comes to Frank's funeral home, and tells him that he intends to attend his funeral as a party, where he wants people to talk about him while he is still alive. Frank is confused, but wants to accommodate him. On the way out, Felix bumps into Mattie, who is familiar with him. Frank and Buddy take Felix to town to get his picture taken, cut his long beard and hair, and get a funeral suit. On the drive back, Frank is surprised to hear Felix say that he and Mattie "had a go." After a card game that evening, Frank offers to walk Mattie home. She quietly declines. Frank and Buddy take Felix to a local radio station for a live interview about his upcoming funeral party. Felix persists with his desire to hear people show up and tell the supposedly bad stories they know about him. Felix also makes the shocking announcement that he will sell raffle tickets for his valuable 300 acres of timber, which will be given away when he dies. Mattie goes to visit Felix for the first time. The two walk around his expansive woods and he invites her to stay for dinner. Night falls, and they talk by the fire in his cabin, catching up on many years gone by. She suggests that he is not over something in his past, and then gets emotional when she sees a small picture of a woman across the room. She storms out. Frank tells Felix he is concerned about the large amount of money coming in for the raffle. Felix tells Frank to keep all the money at the funeral home until the party, and promises he will fairly settle all expenses afterward. Felix asks Buddy to drive him to an old church in the next state, where he meets Rev. Charlie, who is happy to see him. Felix asks Charlie to speak at his funeral, but Charlie asks if Felix has told the truth. Felix gets upset that Charlie wants him to deal with what he did to a woman 40 years earlier, and storms out. Charlie tells Buddy that Felix's secret is between him and God. On the drive back that night, Felix gets out of the car alone and wanders off to a tombstone marked "Mary". Frank returns to the funeral home and finds that Buddy has been beaten during a robbery attempt. Felix stops by Mattie's house in town, soaked from rain. Felix tries to confess about why he keeps the picture of Mattie's sister: he fell in love with her when he was courting Mattie. But Mattie wants to know the more crucial question of whether he was involved in her death. Felix soon faints. Felix goes to Frank to explain that he wants to call off the funeral, which Frank protests. Felix says he does not have the guts to tell the truth. Frank goes to visit Rev. Charlie and asks him to have sympathy. Buddy finds that the money is missing from the casket where he and Frank had been hiding it. Buddy goes to Felix and tells him that he suspects Frank took the money, but agrees to still give Felix a funeral if he wants one. Frank brings Rev. Charlie back to town, and admits to Buddy that he stole the money but still has it in the hearse. The three men go out to Felix's property and are amazed to see so many people gathered for the funeral party. Felix asks Rev. Charlie to tell everyone the truth if he can't, directing him to a nice casket he has made and stored in a barn. Frank begins speaking to the crowd while Felix has memories of running from a burning house. Rev. Charlie takes the stage and introduces Felix, who tentatively tells those assembled that he did something shameful he could never fix, which he confessed to Charlie 40 years earlier, and no one ever since. He explains that he never sought forgiveness because he needed to be sick about it the rest of his life. Mattie shows up. He fell in love with a married lady named Mary, and they planned to run away together. He went to visit her one night and found that her husband had beaten her badly with a hammer, but before he could help her, the house caught on fire. He tried to save her from the husband, but the flames engulfed her, and he caught on fire himself. He ran from the house, in flames. He could not get Mary out. He speaks out to Mattie and asks for forgiveness, because it was all his fault. Mattie walks away. Later, the raffle is held and the crowd disperses. That night, Mattie goes to Felix and they embrace. The next day, watching the hearse drive away, Felix sees a vision of Mary and walks toward her. Rev. Charlie speaks over Felix's grave behind his cabin, with Frank and Buddy's family assembled. Mattie drops a picture of her sister Mary on his casket. Buddy looks back at Felix's cabin. He kisses his baby, who smiles.
tt0884224
Action,Comedy,Thriller
The movie opens with Brand Hauser (John Cusack) in Iqaluit, Northern Canada. He enters a bar where some German gentlemen are chatting. He asks for a shot glass, fills it with hot sauce, and throws it back in one gulp. His synapses start firing as he pulls out a gun and shoots each of the Germans. He takes a photo of one of the gentlemen, sends it off, and disposes of the cell phone. Cut to a jet aircraft. Hauser is the only person on board, but he is regularly chatting with the GuideStar voice. Though it is helping with navigation, it also is providing psychiatric advice. On the flight, he chats with the former Vice President (Dan Ackroyd). The VP is sitting on the toilet throughout the video call. Hauser is instructed to fly to Turaqistan, where the VP's company, Tamerlane, is engaged in the first war to be entirely outsourced. His mission is to assasinate the Oil Minister, Omar Sherif (Lyubomir Neikov). He is to be hit because he is insisting that Turaqistan build a cross country pipeline on their own, shunning a bid from Tamerlane. For cover, he is to act as the Chair of a Tamerlane Trade Mission, which is holding a trade fair within the Green Zone (the Emerald City) of the Turaqustan capital. A highlight of the fair will be the marriage of pop star Yonica Babyyeah (Hilary Duff) to the son of the Emerit. Hauser arrives, and meets his contact, Marsha Dillon (Joan Cusack). Tanks with sponsor decals, city is a mess, lots of bombs & explosions in various marketplaces. Please help fill this in! Various shots of hot sauce, flashbacks to a row with his CIA boss. Reporter Natalie Hegalhuzen (Marisa Tomei) can't get into the show (not the right pass). Cusack invites her to his office. Realizes she is left wing biased, gets rid of her, but sets up meeting for that evening over drinks. Hauser goes into Popeye Chicken restaurant to meet "The Viceroy" of Tamerlane - . After Get Smart style secret tunnel, he meets a video screen projecting American media heros (John Wayne, Mr. T, Donald Trump, etc.), speaking with an altered voice. Yonica and entourage arrive. Hauser is not impressed. Tries to kill Sharif with remote control rifle, but interrupted when dry cleaning is delivered to his Humvee. Milking cobra for poison when Yonica drops by. She tries to seduce him, but he is disgusted. Takes Sharif out to dinner, but can't get the venom in due to the close scrutiny of Sharif's bodyguards. Sharif spots the reporter, and Hauser arranges a meeting. Yonica & entourage arrive, and in the chaos, Hauser crushes the vial of cobra venom, breaking it in his hand. He goes to the restroom to clean up, and is confronted by 2 members of the entourage. He easily dispatches them both. Reporter wants to get out and see the country outside of the Green Zone. Hauser sets her up with a local film crew. She discovers a DVD case (premade) for Yonica's XXX rated wedding night video. She exposes Yonica and her husband on CNN. Hauser "fixes" the situation with Yonica, her fiance, and the emerit father. The fiance will blame one of the entourage, the principals will be blameless, and the wedding will go on. Finds Yonica in her room, playing simple accoustic ballad - realizes she's not who the press make her out to be. He arranges for an interview with the reporter. While waiting for the film crew to set up in an abandoned house, Hauser finds some nice wine, caviar, and other snacky things. He opens the wine with a compressed air needle cork popper - then discretely pockets the device. Just prior to the interview, in a heart-to-heart discussion, Hauser tells the girls about his ex-wife (murdered) and daughter (kidnapped). He tells them it happened because of who he is. The entourage burst in. Hauser kills all (one with a shot of compressed air to the brain). The girls walk in as he dispatches the last person. They now have confirmation that he is not who he seemed to be. The girls take a taxi from the interview location to their respective hotels. Yonica gets out first, and the reporter is kidnapped. Kidnappers make some rather silly demands (destruction of Israel & a star ball player for a player to be named later). Hauser now has to rescue the reporter, kill Sharif, and oversee the wedding at the trade show. He emails Sharif, and under the name of the reporter, invites him to a hotel suite. He jumps in a Humvee, and takes off looking for the reporter outside the Emerald City. He asks some kids if they know where a kidnapped person might be. They tell him there are 3 in the immediate area - he's got to be more specific. They direct him to the group that has a dark-haired female. Flashbacks take place here, and we learn that his old boss, Walken (Ben Kingsly) tries to kill him when he tried to quit some years ago. Instead, Hauser kills his boss (crushed in a garbage truck). The reporter is rescued, and brought back to the trade show to be in the wedding party. Hauser heads to the hotel to meet Sharif. Sharif walks into the hotel suite, expecting to find the reporter. Instead, Hauser grabs him, and warns him that someone else will likely be coming for him. He heads back to the Popeye Chicken shop, looking for the Viceroy. Hauser realizes that he must be behind the projection screen, so smashes it. Sees that Walken is still alive, but crippled, and restricted to a wheelchair. Not only is Walken the Viceroy, but he admits that he had his wife killed, and Yonica is his kidnapped daughter!! Now the guards are after him, so he uses Walken as a shield, and gets out to the wedding, disrupting the ceremony. Walken escapes and heads back to his bunker. He calls for a cruise missle to level the trade show building. The missle is launched, but goes off course, and hits the Popeye restaurant, killing Walken. Yonica, the reporter, and Hauser get to the airport, where Yonica's honeymoon plane is waiting. Just as we think they've gotten away, we see a heat seeking missle heading towards the plane. The former Vice President holds a press conference, and blames extremists and terrorists for the explosion at the Popeye, and the killing of our beloved Viceroy. Credits roll to a Joe Strummer song. Need to add the corporate references, slogans, etc. Can't wait for the DVD!
tt0107302
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Brian Kessler (David Duchovny) is a graduate student in psychology and a journalist, who has written an article about serial killers, which draws interest from a Publisher that offers him a book deal. After the book deal advance is spent, Brian realizes that he needs to start working on finishing his book. His photographer girlfriend Carrie Laughlin (Michelle Forbes) persuades him to move to California, they decide to drive from Pittsburgh to California and visit infamous murder sites along the way. Short on funds, Brian posts a ride-share ad. Meanwhile, sociopathic parolee Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) has just lost his job. His parole officer (Judson Vaughn) learns of this and comes to the trailer park where Early lives with his young girlfriend Adele Corners (Juliette Lewis). Early refuses the officer's offer of a job as a college janitor, saying he wants to leave the state. The officer informs him that, if he does not keep the appointment, he will be returned to prison. Early decides to go to the job interview; and, when he is on his way out, he is confronted by the landlord over non-payment of rent. Early grows violent and spins out in his car, chasing the man all over the park. Early spies the ride-share ad at the college and calls Brian, who agrees to meet him the following day. Early sends Adele ahead and, as revealed later, murders the landlord before joining Adele to wait for Brian and Carrie. Carrie's first response to seeing the rough-hewn couple is to suggest Brian turn the car around and leave, but Brian asks her to give the plan a chance, and she reluctantly agrees. On the road, unknown to his companions, Early murders a man in a gas station bathroom and steals his money. When they arrive at the first hotel, he cuts Adele's hair to match Carrie's. At another hotel, Early invites Brian out to play pool, leaving Adele and Carrie alone together. Adele reveals to Carrie that she is a rape victim and that she views Early as her protector, even though her mother did not approve because Early had just been released from prison. Carrie is alarmed by Brian's growing fascination with Early and nonchalant response to the news that Early has been in prison. She gives him an ultimatum; either they rid themselves of Early and Adele, or she will leave. At the next gas station, Carrie glimpses a newscast with footage of Early and the announcement he is a suspected murderer. Early kills the gas station attendant and continues the trip with the couple as hostages. They encounter two police officers, whom Early shoots. Early orders Brian to finish off one of the wounded officers, but Brian refuses. They next come to the home of an elderly couple. Early beats the man to death, but Adele allows the woman to flee. As Early rushes to find the woman, Adele confronts him and says she wants nothing more to do with him. Early fatally shoots Adele, strikes Brian on the head, and kidnaps Carrie. Brian regains consciousness, and the elderly woman gives him the keys to her truck. Brian arrives at an abandoned nuclear testing site and surprises Early, hitting him in the head with a shovel. Brian finds Carrie bloodied and handcuffed to a bed, having been sexually assaulted. Early, who was only stunned, attacks Brian and they struggle until Early is hit over the head by Carrie. When Early continues the attack, Brian shoots him in the abdomen. Early is not mortally wounded, Brian realizes this and shoots him again, killing him. The film ends with Brian and Carrie in a California beach house. Carrie, who now sports long hair (eschewing the short style that Early had Adele emulate during the trip), tells Brian that a gallery is interested in her art, and he suggests they go out to celebrate. He leaves his tape player on; and Adele's voice is heard, talking about how good Carrie and Brian were to her and Early, and how much their friendship means to her.
tt0115736
Crime,Romance,Thriller
Corky (Gina Gershon), an ex-con who has just finished a five-year jail sentence, arrives at an apartment building to start work as a painter and plumber. On her way up to the apartment, she encounters the couple who live next-door, Violet (Jennifer Tilly) and Caesar (Joe Pantoliano). After Caesar has gone out, Violet flirts with Corky and asks her to help retrieve an earring that has fallen down her sink. After Corky extracts the earring, Violet admits she lost it on purpose in order to get closer to Corky, and starts to seduce her. They are interrupted by the arrival of Caesar and Corky goes back to work. When she leaves for the day, Violet follows her to her truck. They go to Corky's apartment and have sex. The next morning, Violet tells Corky that Caesar is a money launderer for the Mafia and they have been together for five years. Later, Violet overhears Caesar and his Mafia associates beating and torturing Shelly (Barry Kivel), a man who has been skimming money from the business. Upset by the violence and cruelty, Violet seeks solace from Corky. She tells Corky that she wants to make a new life for herself, but that she needs her help. Knowing that Caesar will find the nearly $2 million Shelly took and count it in their apartment, the two women hatch a scheme to steal the money. Corky, already wary of Violet's intentions, is unsure whether to trust her. Shelly is shot and killed by Johnnie (Christopher Meloni), the son of Mafia boss Gino Marzzone (Richard C. Sarafian), and Caesar returns to the apartment with a bag of bloody money. Angry at Johnnie for killing Shelly in a fit of rage and splattering blood everywhere, Caesar proceeds to wash, iron and hang the money to dry. Violet explains to Corky that Caesar and Johnnie hate each other, and that Gino and Johnnie will be coming to pick up the money from Caesar. The plan is as follows: When Caesar has finished counting the money, Violet will get him a drink to relax him before he showers. Corky will be next-door, waiting until she hears Caesar turn on the shower. When he does, Violet will drop the bottle of Scotch that is for Gino and tell Caesar that she is going to buy more. As she leaves the apartment, she will let Corky in, who will steal the money from a briefcase and leave. Violet will then return with the Scotch and tell Caesar that she just saw Johnnie leaving, but that Gino was not with him. Suspicious, Caesar will check the briefcase, find the money gone, and assume Johnnie has taken it. Corky and Violet think Caesar will be forced to skip town because Gino will assume he has been robbed by Caesar, not his son. Everything goes as planned until Caesar finds the money gone. He realizes that if he runs, Gino will think he took the money. He decides he has to get the money back from Johnnie. Panicking, Violet threatens to leave. Caesar pulls out his gun and forces her to stay, thinking that maybe she and Johnnie have stolen the money and framed him. Corky waits next-door with the money while Gino and Johnnie arrive. After watching Johnnie flirt with Violet and taunt him, Caesar pulls out a gun and tells Gino that his son stole the money. In an angry panic, he kills both Gino and Johnnie, and Gino's bodyguard Roy. He tells Violet that they have to find the money, dispose of the bodies, and pretend Gino and Johnnie never arrived, lest their Mafia pals find the money or men missing. Unable to find the money at Johnnie's apartment, Caesar telephones Mickey (John P. Ryan), a Mafia friend, telling him that Gino has yet to arrive. After discovering Corky and Violet stole the money, Caesar ties them up, gags them, threatens to torture them, and demands to know where it is. When Mickey arrives to see what is going on, Caesar, panicked, makes a deal with Violet to help him stall. As he prepares to kill Mickey, Violet calls the landline from Johnnie's cell phone and quickly convinces Caesar to pretend that he's on the phone with Gino, who's calling from a hospital to explain that he and Johnnie were in a car accident. Mickey is convinced and leaves for the hospital. Corky tells Caesar where she has hidden the money, and he goes next-door to find it. Violet escapes and makes a phone call to Mickey, telling him that Caesar stole the money and forced her to keep quiet. In the meantime, Corky tries to stop Caesar from taking the money, but he beats her to the ground. Just as he is about to kill her, Violet arrives and pulls a gun on Caesar, telling him that Mickey is on his way and that he should run while he can. Caesar tells Violet that he knows she will not shoot him, to which she replies, "Caesar, you don't know shit", before killing him. Later, Mickey, who believes Violet's story, tells her that he will find Caesar, and that there is no need to involve the police. Mickey wants Violet to be his girlfriend, but she tells him that she needs a clean break - which she makes by driving off hand-in-hand with Corky.
tt0324133
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Sarah Morton (Charlotte Rampling), a middle-aged English mystery author, who has written a successful series of novels featuring a single detective, is having writer's block that is impeding her next book. Sarah's publisher, John Bosload (Charles Dance), offers her his country house near Lacoste, France for some rest and relaxation. After becoming comfortable with the run of the house, Sarah's quietude is disrupted by a young woman claiming to be the publisher's daughter, Julie (Ludivine Sagnier). She shows up one night claiming to be taking time off from work herself. She also claims that her mother used to be Bosload's mistress, but that he would not leave his family. Julie's sex life consists of one-night stands with various oafish men, and a competition of personalities develops between the two women. At first Sarah regards Julie as a distraction from her writing. She uses earplugs to allow her to sleep during Julie's noisy nighttime adventures, although she nonetheless has a voyeuristic fascination with them. Later she abandons the earplugs during one of Julie's trysts, beginning to envy Julie's lifestyle. The competition comes to the fore when a local waiter, Franck (Jean-Marie Lamour), is involved. Julie wants him but he appears to prefer the more mature Sarah, having struck up a relationship with her during her frequent lunches at the bistro. An unexpected tragedy occurs after a night of flirting among the three. After swimming together in the pool, Franck refuses to allow Julie to continue performing oral sex on him, once Sarah, who watches them from the balcony, throws a rock into the water. Franck feels frightened and tells Julie he is leaving. The next day, Franck is missing. While investigating Franck's disappearance, Sarah learns that Julie's mother has been dead for some time, though Julie had claimed that she was still alive. She returns to the villa, where a confused Julie thinks that Sarah is her mother and has a breakdown. She eventually recovers and confesses that Franck is dead because Julie repeatedly hit him over the head with a rock as he tried to leave her at the pool. His body is in one of the sheds. When Marcel (Marc Fayolle) becomes suspicious of the mound of fresh soil where the body is buried, Sarah seduces the elderly gardener to distract him. Julie leaves, thanking Sarah for her help and leaving her the manuscript of an unpublished novel written by her late mother, which she had previously claimed that John made her burn. Sarah returns to England and visits her publisher's office with her new novel. His daughter also shows up just as Sarah is leaving, but is revealed to be a completely different girl than the one Sarah spent the weekend with.
tt0117628
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The film tells the story of Irish-Catholic Fitzpatrick brothers, Mickey (Edward Burns) and Francis (Mike McGlone) and the tribulations of love, family and betrayal. Mickey is a New York City blue-collared taxi driver, unhappy over an act of infidelity committed by Heather (Cameron Diaz), his ex-fiancée. Francis is a white-collared Wall Street stock investor, who unknown to his wife, Renee (Jennifer Aniston), is having an affair. During weekends, Mickey and Francis visit their parents who live on Long Island. Their mother is never seen on screen, while they have better time interacting with their father, Frank (John Mahoney), whom is a emotionally bereft conservative man as well as an old-school sexist and a bigot whom takes them out fishing on his motorboat, but refuses to let women on board due to family tradition. Frank always gives Mickey and Francis advice to live out their lives any way they can and to always go for what drives them to succeed. While driving his cab one day, Mickey picks up Hope (Maxine Bahns), a young woman and NYU art student with whom he becomes infatuated and impulsively marries that same week despite knowing her only a few days. Mickey and Hope show up one evening at Francis and Renee's apartment to inform them of their quickie marriage. This causes consternation for his brother, largely because he was not asked to be best man at the wedding. Mickey moves in with Hope, but later becomes disillusioned with aspects of her liberal and free-spirited lifestyle, including frequent power cuts in their ramshackle apartment. Francis is also having problems in his marriage. He is concerned that he is being unfair to Heather, his mistress, the very same woman Mickey left, by continuing to stay with Renee. At the same time, Renee's family, especially her younger sister Molly (Amanda Peet) suggests the problem with Francis' lack if interest in her is that he may be gay, so she has Mickey and his father confront him about it. He denies being gay, but admits to being unfaithful. Meanwhile, Francis' arrogance leads him to take potshots at his brother for the apparent lack of forward progression in his life with his new wife, while Francis argues with Heather about her own sexual infidelity with a much older man referred to as "Papa". One day, Mickey picks up Heather in his cab and goes up to her apartment to retrieve a television that belonged to him during their relationship. Heather responds by demanding Mickey's watch, which she purchased as a gift. Mickey relents, which she implies she wants more from him, but he does not reciprocate, instead reminds her of her affair, and her previous profession. Throughout all this, Mickey and Francis' father offers more egoistical and selfish advice to them. Then Frank learns, during a fishing trip with the church's pastor, that his supposedly highly religious wife hasn't been to Church Mass in months. On a visit to his mistress's apartment, Francis learns that Mickey and Heather have recently met. Francis makes an unexpected visit to his brother's apartment and questions Mickey about his visit with Heather. They get into an argument over whether or not Mickey had sex with Heather. Later, Mickey discovers that she is the woman Francis has been having an affair with. The revelation escalates to an argument in their parents' home, during a birthday dinner for their father. In an attempt to settle the dispute, Frank takes both Francis and Mickey outside and ties boxing gloves on each, with the intent of having them fight out their differences. Mickey proves the victor. Eventually, Francis confronts Renee about his affair and files for divorce, in order to marry Heather. When Mickey finds out about the impending marriage, he informs Francis that Heather was once a prostitute during her college days. This causes Francis to get cold feet and it angers Heather. She tells Mickey that she thought that he didn't have a problem with her prior choice of employment, and Mickey says that he doesn't, but Francis may, and that he has a right to know. Meanwhile, Hope has already dropped a bomb on Mickey: she is moving to Paris very soon to attend art school and Mickey is not sure about whether or not to join her. On a visit to the bar where Hope works, Mickey has a talk with Connie (Leslie Mann), one of Hope's co-workers, who claims to have had a "special relationship" with Hope before the marriage. This troubles Mickey so much that he begins to avoid Hope. Later, Hope tells Mickey that she is unsure if he should come to Paris after all and admits to having a "semi-lesbian affair" with Connie some years back. As a result, Mickey and Hope's relationship appears to be about to break up. Due to Francis' indecision over marriage in light of the news that Heather was a prostitute, Heather decides to leave him and marry "Papa", the wealthy older man she has been seeing concurrently while she was with Francis. When Francis threatens to tell Papa that Heather was a prostitute, Heather tells Francis that Papa was "her best customer". He then calls Renee in hopes of getting back together with her. But she is already in another relationship with Scott Sherman, a overweight mutual acquaintance whom Francis had made fun of in an earlier scene. In the final scenes of the film, Mickey and Francis meet with their father at his house where the distraught Frank tells them that their mother had just left him the previous day and has run off with a dry-cleaning store owner whom she has been having an affair with for several months. Unsure about everything now, Frank finally apologizes to Mickey and Francis for giving them bad advice about life and love when his own wife was cheating on him behind his back. As a result, the three men decide to go out fishing aware that despite the failure of their love lives, they will always have each other. As they prepare the motorboat to cast off, only Mickey decides it would be better if he tried to have one last talk with Hope before she leaves America. Only their father has arranged a surprise guest - Hope. The movie ends with Hope asking to drive the boat, but Frank, aware that women are not allowed on board, says it is too soon for that.
tt0457513
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
We begin in a church, where a bold and fearless English journalist and reporter named Joe Strombel is being eulogized. Afterward, a group of his colleagues are in a bar, drinking and reminiscing, and they toast to Joe, wherever he is. Cut to the barge of the dead ferrying recently deceased to their destination. Aboard is Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), trying to bribe the ferryman. He strikes up a conversation with another deceased soul on the ferry, Jane Cook, now former secretary to Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), son of an English lord. Joe mentions that he died of a coronary thrombosis. Jane, however, believes she was murdered... by Lyman himself. Jane tells Joe hat she was getting suspicious that Lyman was in fact a serial killer known to English police as the Tarot Card killer. Joe wrote a case about these murders when they first began, and wonders why Jane suspects Lyman. Jane says that at the last murder, a cufflink was found-- an expensive Art Deco. Lyman had these exact cufflink models... and before Jane died, she noticed he'd lost one of them. Jane phoned her lawyer for advice on whether to report it, and heard a faint click on the phone line, as if someone had been listening in. Later that day, she'd had a cup of tea, and she died very suddenly shortly afterward, leading her to suspect that her tea had been poisoned. This fascinates Joe, and he's a little sad that he got the 'scoop' on Lyman, but now that he's dead, he can't tell the story to others. At the prestigious Dorchester Hotel, a film director named Tinsley is arriving, and at the door to his room is a young American journalism student named Sondra Pransky (Scarlet Johannsen). Pransky is very excited at meeting Tinsley in person and asks to interview him. Although tired and still busy, Tinsley agrees. But Pransky, young and still naive, doesn't get the interview because Tinsley gets her drunk, even seduces her, but her intoxication makes her fall asleep and when she wakes up, as she tells a close family friend later, he was on his way to Thailand. Although her friend, Vivian (Romola Garai), tries to console and reassure her, Pransky is still unhappy about blowing the story. Meanwhile, Joe Strombel has been moping about the death barge, and sits on the edge of the deck. When he's satisfied nobody is looking, he tips over into the River Styx, and swims away. Pransky goes with Vivian and her little brother to see a stage show. One of the acts in the show is a magician with the stage name, Splendini (Woody Allen). Splendini's act blends illusion with comedy, and he speaks obsequiously but the audience enjoys his performance. Splendini calls for a volunteer, and Pransky is selected from the audience to come on stage. After some small talk, Splendini puts Pransky into a prop box that he says will 'agitate her molecules and split them apart,' before he 'puts her back together.' The trick goes off without a hitch, except for Pransky: while she's in the box, oblivious to what's going on outside, Joe Strombel appears to her and tells her the scoop about the Tarot Card murder case, but he's only able to say Peter Lyman's name before he disappears, pulled back onto the ferry to meet his destiny. Meanwhile, Splendini opens the box to show Pransky standing inside, slowly waving her hand around the box's interior. She's at a loss for words as to what she saw, which Splendini and the audience mistake as awe at how the trick worked, and he sends her back to her seat to a round of applause. Later, in her room, Pransky googles the Tarot Card killer. She sees that he preys on prostitutes, and has recently claimed a tenth victim after going off the radar a year ago. He always strikes in different parts of London, and leaves a tarot card on his victims-- usually the Hangman card. She then googles Joe Strombel, reading about his distinguished career for a London newspaper and his fearlessness in pursuing a story. Pransky goes back to the stage show site and asks to speak to Splendini, whose real name is Sidney Waterman. Pransky tells him about a spirit appearing in the box while she was inside, which Waterman hears with skepticism. Pransky insists that there is, or rather was, a Joe Strombel, and she googled him, and read about how he died three days ago, and that he was a journalist, like she is a journalism student. She asks Waterman to put her back in the box, where she hopes she can re-establish contact. Waterman, perhaps a little reluctantly, puts Pransky back in the 'dematerializer' box, where she tries to talk to Strombel and convince him to tell her more about the story. But after several minutes, nothing happens, and the cynical Waterman tries to send Pransky on her way, thinking she's a little crazy. But just then, Strombel suddenly appears, asking Pransky to write down some details. Waterman stares in shocked amazement as he watches Strombel give Pransky details on the Tarot Card murder case, how all his victims were prostitutes with short brunette hair. Strombel tells Pransky that Lyman is a well-respected aristocrat with connections, meaning she can't go to the police without solid proof, because otherwise, he's above reproach; also, if he sniffs out any suspicion on him, he'll become impossible to trap. Strombel tells Pranskky that Lyman might have poisoned his own secretary because he suspected she was catching on to him. Pransky must pursue the story first, on her own, without police aid, and then break it only when she can prove the suspicion. Strombel tells Pransky that this story can change her life if she has the courage to pursue it, but she must be careful, because lives are in the balance, including her own. Looking nervous, Strombel says his time is up and he must go. Death appears and takes Strombel, disappearing right after. Pransky is determined to break the story, and she needs Waterman's help... exactly what Waterman is now too scared to give. He does small time card and coin tricks, and has no idea how to help a journalism student pursue a real, big-time story. He tries to convince Pransky to go to the police, only to realize what would happen to her if she accused a well-respected lord's son of being a serial killer, based on a lead from a dead man's spirit. Pransky is staking out a corporate skyscraper hoping to spot Lyman, even though she isn't certain what he looks like. But Pransky is sure it's Lyman who walks out of the building. He gets into a cab, and Pransky hurries to another waiting cab, in order to follow him. The cab drops Lyman off at an antiques gallery, and Waterman asks Pransky if she's satisfied that she's gotten a look at him... but just then they find out that the man isn't Lyman at all. Waterman takes Pransky outside and tells her that she should live her life without further embarrassments, and that he needs to go home. Pransky has coffee with Vivian, who tells her that she hears that Lyman swims at the governor's club; a posh, exclusive private gentleman's club. Vivian's father has a business partner who is a member, and members are allowed to bring guests in. Pransky rounds up Waterman again and takes him to the club. At the pool, they spot a man swimming by himself, and Pransky is unsure how to meet him. Waterman suggests she pretend to get a cramp in the pool and feign drowning, and if Lyman is the gentleman he's purported as, he'll come to her aid. Waterman goes to get coffee, and Pransky decided to try his plan. She gets into the pool and starts floundering and gasping in the water; her head going under a few times. Lyman hurries over and swims her to the edge so she can sit. Pransky thanks him fawningly, saying she wasn't a good swimmer and her leg cramped. Lyman notes he hasn't seen her face before and asks if she's a new member. Lyman knows Jack Fulton, the business partner of Vivian's father. Pransky decides to introduce herself as Jade Julliard Spence, part of a wealthy family from Palm Beach. Waterman's plan pays off as Lyman invites her to a garden party his father is throwing that weekend at his estate. Pransky is glad to accept, and as Waterman returns, Pransky introduces him as her father. Waterman isn't pleased about the idea and still thinks Pransky is taking too many wild chances, but still agrees to help her. Sunday comes, and Pransky and Waterman arrive at the Lyman estate for the garden party. Lyman introduces them to his father, Lord Lyman (Julian Glover), who notes their lack of social graces and hapless attempts to converse, but stays silent. He suggests that Lyman show Pransky and Waterman around the estate. While showing them around, Lyman makes further conversation and eventually Pransky takes one of the offered bones, asking if Lyman will show her how to fly fish. While they're on the lake, Waterman does a few card tricks for other guests and further bungles attempts at conversation, showing his ineptitude, but in a way that nobody catches on. Pransky makes further small talk as she walks through the gardens with Lyman and finally drops a hint by saying she's into New Age items, such as crystals and tarot. Lyman says he's more scientific minded, and given his background of privilege, it's seemed a given that he's destined to enter politiccs. When Pransky mentions she also likes to dance, Lyman offers to take her dancing. Pransky looks at Lyman with another fawning glance, and the chemistry and sparks of attraction between the two are clear. Lyman then says he'll have his new secretary send Pransky a list of Chinese restaurants, since she's said she likes Chinese food, and mentions his previous secretary, a young woman, died suddenly of a blood clot. When Pransky curiously asks if an autopsy was done to confirm this, Lyman skillfully and quickly changes the subject, During this time, Waterman is snooping around private rooms of the estate, including Lyman's bedroom. He finds an envelope of some kind in Lyman's bag, and carefully secretes it in an inside jacket pocket. Pransky continues to talk with Lyman and the two start to become infatuated with one another. One of Lyman's cars drops Pransky and Waterman off, and the two start to argue, at first, over Waterman's endless babble, and then over whether Lyman has killed anyone, which both of them believe he hasn't. When Pransky mentions that Lyman offered to take her dancing, Waterman describes this as a way of gathering clues, and then shows her one-- the envelope Waterman swiped from Lyman's overnight bag contains part of a name scrawled on it: Betty G. Pransky takes the news skeptically, saying this woman could be anyone. Waterman meets some of Lyman's associates for a poker game he's been invited to. Lyman arrives late due to having been bogged down at work, and Waterman is doing well, being a skilled player. Meanwhile, Pransky is discussing her infatuation with Lyman, with Vivian, downplaying it. She stops suddenly, seeing a newspaper sign saying that the Tarot killer has struck once more. Reading the article with Waterman, they see the murder victim was a short-haired brunette prostitute, just like all the previous ones, and the same tarot card, the Hangman, was left by her body. Lyman arrived at the poker game at a sufficient hour that Waterman believes would have given him plenty of time to kill the prostitute, if he did in fact commit the murder. Pransky knows she needs to dig deeper, despite her growing crush on Lyman; she needs to get a closer look at where he lives. Lyman shows Pransky around his house, away from the estate; tastefully decorated with several art works Pransky recognizes from her college studies. Downstairs, is a climate-controlled room with many rare musical instruments. Pransky calls the room romantic, and Lyman suddenly leans in and steals a kiss. Pransky smiles at him. Waterman is putting on another magic show as Splendini, and is putting another woman from the audience into his "dematerializer" box. When he opens the box to show that she's disappeared, Joe Strombel leans out and urgently tells Waterman in a hushed voice to remember the number sequence 16, 21, 12. The audience thinks this is part of the trick and laughs in appreciation. Pransky is stepping out of Lyman's shower after having had sex with him. She notes the smell of his aftershave, Yardley, which he's used exclusively since his teenage years. Lyman decides to get some champagne and tells Pransky to stay in his bedroom; he's also offering to make eggs for the both of them. This is exactly what Pransky has been waiting for, and she starts snooping around the room. Lyman comes back to find Pransky looking through a photo album, looking at a photograph of a woman with short brunette hair-- Lyman's mother, who he says was a difficult woman. Lyman asks Pransky to stay the night, but she backs out with a hastily concocted cover story about her father not feeling that well. Waterman and Lyman meet for a drink the next day and are comparing their finds. Waterman thinks the number sequence Strombel gave him is the combination to a safe. Pransky realizes that this might be the combination to the room where Lyman keeps his instruments, and asks Waterman for the number sequence, which Waterman suddenly doesn't want to give out, Arriving back at Vivian's house, Pransky finds a bouquet of flowers and an invitation to a party at Lyman's house on Saturday. Pransky admits to Vivian that she's falling in love with Lyman. Saturday night at Lyman's party. Pransky talks with some guests while Waterman shows a few others one of his card tricks. Pransky takes him aside and presses him to go downstairs and try to get into the music room while she distracts Lyman. Waterman reluctantly does so, but struggles to remember the combination until he finally gets it right and enters the room, while Pransky tries to maintain her composure staying near Lyman. While he looks around, a butler gets two wine bottles, notices the door to the music room ajar, and closes and locks it, trapping Waterman inside. Pransky finally excuses herself and creeps downstairs to find Waterman locked in the room. He gives her the combination and she comes inside. Meanwhile, Lyman asks his butler if he's seen where Pransky has gone and he mentions he thought he saw her go downstairs (his bathroom is upstairs). They manage to get out of the room, without finding anything, before Lyman sees them standing outside. The guests are preparing to leave, and Lyman sweet-talks Pransky into staying the night. While Lyman is sleeping, Pransky sneaks back to the music room. Hidden underneath the bell of one of the horns is several decks of tarot cards. She makes it back upstairs just as Lyman notices her out of bed, holding a glass of milk, which she says might help her sleep. Lyman suddenly drops a question, would Jade consider staying in England with him past the end of the summer, instead of returning home. Later, Lyman takes Pransky to a park and gives her a bracelet as a birthday gift. He mentions he has to go out of town for a few days, but will take her out for a celebration when he returns. The gesture leaves Pransky feeling very guilty about herself and her investigation, and when Strombel appears before her at Vivian's house to encourage her to keep digging, she accuses him of wanting to be right so he can get credit for his last big scoop. Waterman takes Pransky out for Indian food as a belated birthday gift, and Waterman is talking about how he can't live in London because English traffic keeps to the left, not the right, and it makes him frightened he's going to die in a car crash. Pransky suddenly notices Lyman walking down the street-- despite having told her he was out of town. She insists on following him from a distance. Peter has enough of a lead that Pransky and Waterman take the wrong path at a fork, and they lose him. But nearby, there are suddenly calls for help: a woman has been strangled, and a tarot card was found near her body. It's in the newspaper the next day; the victim's name was Elizabeth Gibson, a short-haired brunette woman. Reading about it, Pransky and Waterman flip flop further on whether they should speak to someone. If the police wouldn't believe them without more proof, Pransky wonders about speaking to another journalist; Vivian's father has a friend who works for a local London paper, The Observer. The Observer's editor, Mr. Malcolm (Charles Dance) sits Pransky and Waterman down for a lengthy lecture on the folly of making an accusation against Lyman, along with the fact that he knew Strombel well and knows that he would never have shared a tip with any reliability, with anyone else, especially a student. He then lets drop a bombshell that the real Tarot Card killer has been caught: a handyman named Henry Banks who has confessed to two additional murders, his fingerprints and DNA evidence match, and he knew things never disclosed by the press that only the killer would know. All the papers are going to press with the story as they speak. Pransky is relieved as she reads one of the paper reports, and feels remorseful over having lied to Lyman. She's now looking forward to pursuing her romantic relationship with a man she's come to love, if he can forgive her for her deceptions. Alone with Lyman at his father's estate, Pransky is enjoying some romantic alone time, as they have the estate to themselves for a while. Lyman confesses he lied about being out of town, saying he had to attend to helping Lord Lyman with a business matter that they both wanted to keep private from the press. It bothers him, because he dislikes dishonesty, as he tells Pransky. This shakes Pransky's courage, but finally she confesses the whole truth to Lyman about who she and Waterman really are, and that she had heard a crazy story and got a crazy notion of making a name for herself, since she and Lyman hadn't met yet. To her astonishment and relief, Lyman finds the story very funny, saying it's made his day, that she would have thought he was some kind of fiend. When she lets drop she knows about the tarot deck in the music room, he says it was a Victorian deck that was intended to be a gift for her, since she told him that she was into mystical new age items like tarot. So foolish does Pransky feel about this news, and relieved that Lyman still loves her, that she argues fiercely in Lyman's defense the next day at Vivian's home, when Waterman tells her that he doesn't let Lyman off the hook-- he still feels Lyman, not Banks, is the one who killed Elizabeth Gibson. Betty is often short for Elizabeth, and "Betty G" was written on that envelope Waterman found. Waterman thinks Lyman was being blackmailed by Gibson over seeing prostitutes, and it would destroy his reputation if he was found out. Pransky won't hear it. She tells Waterman to go back to his card tricks. At the stage venue, Strombel appears to Waterman; Strombel gave Waterman the idea that Lyman killed Gibson in the hopes of pinning the crime on the Tarot Card killer, because he knew Pransky wouldn't listen to him anymore. Strombel also says that he's used every trick he knows to cheat death, and he doubts he'll be able to sneak away to see Waterman or Pransky again. He asks Waterman to look after Pransky, because Strombel admires her spirit, and also suggests Waterman look to see if a card is missing from the Tarot deck in Lyman's music room. Waterman goes to the building where Gibson lived and was killed, and asks questions of people, posing as a reporter. One woman tells him that everyone called Gibson, 'Betty,' and she used to be a long haired blonde, but cut it short and dyed it black, probably to please a regular client. One of whom was "some rich kid" named Peter Yardley. Frantic, Waterman calls Pransky at the Lyman estate to warn her, and she's having none of it. But perhaps she should: Lyman, in another room, picks up an extension and listens. He returns to Pransky, who says she's going to change before their next romantic interlude, and she kisses him happily. Waterman takes a taxi to Lyman's house and tells the housekeeper that Pransky asked him to pick up a red sweater that she believes she left there. When the housekeeper goes up to find it, Waterman sneaks down to the music room and finds a key under the French horn. The housekeeper catches him leaving the room, which shows Waterman knew the combination, but she doesn't stop him from leaving the house. Instead, she calls Lyman to report it. Waterman goes back to Gibson's building and finds that the key he took from the music room opens the door to Gibson's apartment. Lyman had the key to her apartment. That's all Waterman needs to know. Lyman takes Pransky onto a rowboat to go on the lake at his estate. Right about the middle of the lake, he puts up the oars, and he and Pransky start to talk. She asks what he's thinking about at the moment, and he says that life is ironic and tragic; he met Pransky by saving her from drowning, found her very enchanting, and now she has to drown. Lyman confesses to Pransky that he killed Betty Gibson, just as Waterman has suspected, and has probably acquired enough proof by now to take to the authorities. Lyman had been seeing Gibson many times over the years, and she finally learned who he really was, and began blackmailing him; a constant demand for money that he felt he had to put a stop to. He studied the Tarot Card killer case, and arranged to make Gibson's murder look like a reappearance by the serial killer. Pransky starts to recoil in fear as Lyman tells her everything, and tells Lyman that Waterman will know if Lyman kills her. Lyman answers that her death will be a drowning; arranged to look like a boating accident, while he'll arrange for another accident for Waterman later; a two-bit vaudevillain named Splendini will not be treated as a major murder case. Pransky screams for help, and Lyman simply leans back and waits-- his estate is very large and secluded, and nobody is around for miles. Waterman, in the meantime, has been driving like mad in a tiny little car to reach Pransky... but loses control of the vehicle on the back country's twisting roads due to traffic moving on the left side, and crashes, just as he'd always feared he would. Lyman finally reaches over and grabs Pransky, grappling with her. Despite her struggles, he throws her off the boat into the lake and starts to row back to shore. He watches as Pransky flounders in the water and her head goes under the surface. Lyman rows back to the dock and then kicks the boat away back toward the lake's interior, before he hurries into the mansion, and calls the police. Feigning crying, he reports a terrible boating accident at his estate, and a woman has drowned. Police arrive, and an officer comes into the house where Lyman is talking with the investigating detective (Anthony Stewart Head), and reports that the other officers in the area think they know where the body is. Lyman tells his cover story and explains that he met Pransky by rescuing her from drowning in the club pool, and she was a weak swimmer. But no sooner does Lyman say this when he hears Pransky's voice calling to him, and she comes into the room, dripping wet but quite alive. Pransky tells Lyman that she was faking being a poor swimmer at the club, in order to get his attention; in reality, she's an excellent swimmer who captained a community swim team in her native Brooklyn. After Lyman is arrested, Pransky writes her story for The Observer. Mr. Malcolm is very pleased with Pransky's investigative journalism and tells her he's proud to run the story in his paper. Pransky announces she needs to share credit with both Joe Strombel and Sidney Waterman. She's learned now that Waterman is dead, and says, half to herself, that wherever Waterman is now, she'll never forget him. A final scene shows Waterman riding the barge of the dead with some other passengers. He strikes up some small talk and starts to do a card trick, 'if he has time.' One passenger remarks, 'I believe we have eternity.'
tt1226681
Fantasy,Horror,Thriller
In the small town of Pontypool, Ontario, former shock jock turned radio announcer Grant Mazzy drives through a blizzard on his way to work. When poor visibility forces him to stop his car, an underdressed woman appears on the road, startling him. Grant calls out to her, but she disappears into the storm, ominously repeating his words and visibly disturbing him. Grant eventually arrives at the radio station, where he works with technical assistant Laurel-Ann Drummond and station manager Sydney Briar. As the morning proceeds, Grant's on-air persona irritates Sydney. They get a report from their helicopter reporter Ken Loney (which Sydney reveals to Grant is a man on a hill with sound effects mimicking a helicopter) about a possible riot at the office of a Dr. Mendez. He describes a scene of chaos and carnage that results in numerous deaths. After Ken is unexpectedly cut off, the group tries to confirm his report, but their witnesses are disconnected before they can put them on the airwaves. Ken calls back and reports that he has found the "infected" son of a well-known citizen nearby, who is mumbling to himself. Before Ken can hear what the son is saying, the call is again cut off, this time by a startling transmission of garbled French. The transmission is an instruction to remain indoors, not to use terms of endearment, phrases that conflict, or the English language. Pontypool is declared to be under quarantine. Ken then manages to call back, this time close enough for Grant and the women to hear the infected son's mumbling, which is nothing but "Mommy" in a child's voice. In confusion and disbelief, Grant tries to leave the station, but a horde of people attack, and Grant, Sydney, and Laurel-Ann lock themselves in. Meanwhile, Laurel-Ann begins demonstrating erratic behavior. She fixates on the word "missing," repeating it over and over, then imitates the sound of a boiling kettle. Dr. Mendez enters the studio and Grant, Sydney, and Mendez lock themselves in Grant's soundproof booth. Mendez explains his theory: somehow a virus has found its way into human language, infecting certain words, and only certain words infect certain people. Once these infected words are said and understood, the virus takes hold of the host. As he explains, Laurel-Ann repeatedly slams against the sound booth's window, chewing off her lower lip and splattering blood with each attack. Ken calls in again and, while on the air, he also succumbs to the apparent virus, repeating the word "sample." Outside the booth, Laurel-Ann opens her mouth and vomits a large amount of blood and gore before falling down, dead. Mendez suspects this has happened since Laurel-Ann failed to pass the infection on to a new host. The horde then breaks into the radio station, attacking the sound booth. Sydney records a loop of Grant saying "Sydney Briar is alive" and plays it over the station's outdoor loudspeaker as a diversion to lead the mob away. Dr. Mendez begins to repeat the word "breathe" but immediately begins speaking in Armenian, which stifles, but not eliminates, the symptoms. Mendez surmises that it is only the English language that was affected by the virus. Grant and Sydney, speaking in French, leave him alone in the booth. They are nearly killed when the recording fails and the mob returns, but Mendez successfully lures them away from the studio. Feeling guilty for killing an infected young girl, Sydney begins to succumb to the word "kill". Grant then attempts to "disinfect" Sydney by convincing her that the word "kill" now means "kiss". He urges her to repeat "Kill is kiss" over and over again, and her symptoms subside. She tells Grant to "kill" her; he then proceeds to kiss her. Armed with knowledge on how to stop the virus, the pair go on the air, spouting a series of non-contradicting and confusing phrases to help their infected listeners, ignoring warnings from the authorities who are trying to get them off the air. While an amplified voice from outside counts down from ten, Sydney joins Grant in the booth and they kiss once again. As the countdown finishes, the screen goes dark and the credits roll. Audio vox pops and broadcasts play over the credits, reporting further outbreaks of the virus, suggesting that the quarantine failed. After the credits, the scene shifts to a radically different view: a stylized black-and-white version of Grant and Sydney in what looks like a far-eastern atmosphere. As Grant describes his plan to "get out of here", the picture gradually shifts into color.
tt0105275
Crime,Drama
A gang of violent neo-Nazi skinheads from Footscray, Victoria, Australia attack two Vietnamese-Australian teenagers in a subway tunnel at Footscray Station (filmed at Richmond Station). The gang is led by Hando (Russell Crowe) and his friend and second in command, Davey (Daniel Pollock). They meet drug addict Gabrielle (Jacqueline McKenzie) the day after her sexually abusive, highly affluent father Martin (Alex Scott), has her junkie boyfriend beaten up. Gabrielle starts a romantic association with Hando. Some of gang's skinhead friends visit from Canberra, one of whom has joined the Royal Australian Navy and is home on leave. After a long night of drinking, fighting, and sex, two members of the gang go to their local pub. Unbeknown to them the owner has sold it to a Vietnamese Australian businessman. Upon seeing the new owner and his sons, they inform Hando. Hando and his gang arrive and savagely beat the new owner's sons. A third Vietnamese youth phones for help, and several armed Vietnamese men descend on the skinheads. The Vietnamese outnumber the skinheads and a few are killed. The Vietnamese force them to retreat to their rented warehouse, where the Vietnamese ransack the building before setting it on fire. The skinheads find a new base at a nearby warehouse after evicting a pair of squatters, and plan their revenge against the Vietnamese. Learning that gang members plan to buy a gun, two female friends of the gang depart. Gabrielle suggests the gang burgle her father's mansion. They ransack the house, beating Martin up, smashing one of his cars and raiding his wine collection. Gabrielle tells Martin that the burglary is revenge for his years of abuse. Later she reveals to Davey her plan to take Hando away from his violent life. Martin eventually frees himself and uses a handgun to scare away the gang before they can take any of his property. Davey begins to have doubts about his violent life style. Gabrielle criticises Hando's handling of the robbery and he abruptly dumps her. Davey announces his intention to leave at the same time, giving Gabrielle the address of his German grandmother, where he will be staying. Gabrielle informs the police of the gang's location and then spends the night with Davey. Davey reveals his doubts about his violent lifestyle, having removed the racist patches from his flight jacket out of concern for his grandmother. The police raid the warehouse while Hando is out. The youngest skinhead is shot dead after pointing a non-working gun at police. Police arrest the rest of the gang. Hando watches from a distance and flees. Arriving at Davey's flat, Hando finds his friend in bed with Gabrielle. Hando accuses her of informing the police, but Davey says they were together the whole time since leaving the squat. Hando convinces Davey to stick by him, and the trio go on the run. They rob a service station, and Hando strangles the Asian attendant to death. Driving all night, they stop at a beach. On the beach, Gabrielle overhears a conversation wherein Hando tries to convince Davey to leave her behind. Gabrielle then sets their car on fire. She admits to phoning the police. Hando attacks her, attempting to drown her in the surf. Davey stabs Hando in the neck with his Hitler Youth knife, killing him. Davey cradles a horrified Gabrielle on the beach watched by a busload of Japanese tourists, while Hando's bloody corpse gazes at the ocean.
tt1109477
Drama
The film centers on Julian Wright (Clarke), a charming and mega-successful businessman who hides a secret from the rest of the world which tears his soul apart every day. With his personal life in shambles, Julian will find himself willing to travel down the rabbit hole, as it were, when he meets Michael Reed (Vega), a gorgeous stranger who entices Julian to forget his rigid corporate world and try a more bohemian lifestyle, a decision that will not only affect his own life but those of his boss and co-workers, as well as inspire his half-sister Rita (Pinkett Smith) to re-examine her life with her abusive husband.
tt0443527
Drama,Horror,Thriller
A suburban family harbors a dark secret: When their parents are killed in a tragic accident, eldest Hamilton sibling David (Samuel Child) relocates the surviving family members to a quiet California suburb and assumes the responsibility of caring for his orphaned teenage siblings; Wendell (Joseph McKelheer), Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens), and Francis (Cory Knauf). While twins Wendell and Darlene seem to share a bizarre incestuous bond that separates them from the rest of the siblings, Francis acquires a video camera that previously belonged to his deceased parents and sets out preparing a school project about his family. The all-seeing lens of Francis' roving camera begins to reveal that something malevolent is going on inside the Hamilton's picturesque abode. David finds work in a meat-packing warehouse, and is shown to bring some stuff from work home with him, while it is also implied that he is a homosexual when he invites male co-workers to go with him to a nearby motel for an evening. One evening, Wendell kidnaps two young girls whom he meets in a local bar and they are tied in their storeroom. Older brother David drains blood off one of them till she slowly dies. Francis gets attracted to the other girl who tries to get him to help her. But things come to a head when Wendell and Darlene murder one of her classmates and feed off her blood. When David tries to kill the other girl, Francis hits him in the head and carries her off to a safe hideout at the meat packing plant which is closed for the night. Wendell asks David to follow Francis, as he is the only one capable of persuading him to return. At the barn, Francis, seeing an open wound on the girl's hand, is unable to control his bloodlust and he kills the girl and feeds off her. When David appears, Francis is crying and we see his fangs. Though terribly sad at his actions, he finally seems to be accepting what he really is: a vampire. With the death of Darlene's classmate, David decides decides to move somewhere else, and they go to the basement to retrieve the creature locked there, who turns out to be their little brother Lenny. The family, the Hamilitons, is revealed to be a new breed of vampires who are born that way, not made. They move from place to place to hide their secret of their thirst for blood and to avoid detection from the authorities. In the final scene, we see them introducing themselves to their new neighbors, as the Thompsons, and Francis, now having embraced his newfound status as a vampire, is shown making a happy video of his now complete family.
tt2357291
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The film starts with an enormous celebration going on across Rio de Janeiro. In the bird community of the city, we catch up with blue macaws Blu (Jesse Eisenberg) and Jewel (Anne Hathaway), now married with three kids. They dance and sing together with their pals Raphael (George Lopez), Pedro (will.i.am), and Nico (Jamie Foxx). Blu asks Raphael where the kids are. Raphael says he left them with the bulldog Luiz (Tracy Morgan). Luiz says he left them with the little bird Tiny (Kate Micucci). The kids - Carla (Rachel Crow), Bia (Amandla Stenberg), and Tiago (Pierce Gagnon) - tied Tiny up to a bunch of fireworks. Their parents come flying in to prevent them from lighting them when Blu grabs the match. However, he burns himself and causes the fireworks to light up. He gets Tiny out but gets himself caught, and is launched into the sky as the fireworks erupt in an epic display, for all of Rio and the birds to see. Blu's owner Linda (Leslie Mann) and her husband/fellow bird lover Tulio (Rodrigo Santoro) are sailing on a boat in the jungle to bring a plump red bird back to its habitat with its family. They don't notice the waterfalls up ahead and they fall over the edge, but they're both okay. A bird flies overhead and drops its feather. Tulio grabs it and inspects it. It's a feather of a blue macaw. News gets out that Linda and Tulio discovered more blue macaws out there. They decide to travel to the Amazon jungle to find this flock. Jewel wants to travel there as well since she feels Blu has domesticated their kids too much, and they must stay in touch with their bird nature. Nico and Pedro wanna join so they can scout for exotic talent for their little Carnival show. The only person they have so far is Raphael's wife Eva (Bebel Gilberto), who is an awful singer. Meanwhile, a sinister logging tycoon known only as Big Boss (Miguel Ferrer) gets wind of Linda and Tulio's mission, fearing they will interfere with his plans. Blu guides himself, along with his family and friends, to the Amazon with human equipment, like a GPS. They keep getting lost until they fly together as a group. On the ground, the evil cockatoo Nigel (Jemaine Clement) is now a flightless performing bird in a market, along with Gabi the poisonous tree frog (Kristin Chenoweth) and Charlie the anteater. Nigel is forced to be a fortune telling bird, while Gabi swoons over him, helplessly in love. Nigel spots Blu and his family flying up ahead, driving him to seek revenge against the bird that cost him his flight. He causes a fiasco at the market, releasing Gabi and Charlie. He rides on Charlie's back with Gabi to chase after the birds. Nigel, Gabi, and Charlie sneak on board a boat on their trip to catch Blu. Nigel falls asleep, and Gabi sings the song "Poisonous Love" to express her feelings for Nigel, and the fact that she can't touch him because she is poisonous. When he wakes up, they spot Blu and his family on the boat. Nigel goes to make his killing move, when Charlie gets stuck in a bottle while trying to eat some ants. He pulls it off and hits an alarm, causing a commotion on the boat that foils Nigel's plan. Big Boss also comes into the Amazon jungle to meet with his associates. He orders them to get rid of Linda and Tulio, for they are searching for macaws in an area that he plans to cut down. Upon arriving in the jungle, Blu is snatched up by another bird, leading him and his family and friends to find the whole flock of blue macaws. They're led by Eduardo (Andy Garcia), Jewel's father. They have a tearful reunion after being separated by loggers. This caused Eduardo to have a distrust for humans. He greets Blu and his grandchildren. Also joining the party is Jewel's old childhood friend Roberto (Bruno Mars), who sings a smooth ballad to welcome Jewel back to her home, along with Jewel's Aunt Mimi (Rita Moreno). Roberto lets Blu and his family stay inside a tree that he remodeled himself. Although Blu is not comfortable with this new setting, he can see that Jewel is happy. Eduardo decides to take Blu around the jungle in what he tells Jewel is sightseeing, when it is really a series of tests for Blu to prove his worth in the jungle. He gets hurt more than once, and appears to pale in comparison to Roberto, who always receives praise from Eduardo. They also encounter the rival tribe of scarlet macaws, led by Felipe (Philip Lawrence). They taunt and antagonize Eduardo for trying to help someone like Blu. Blu only ruffles up Eduardo's feathers (sorry) by trying to utilize Linda's equipment in the wild. Eduardo orders Roberto to keep an eye on Blu, fearing he is in league with the loggers. Elsewhere, Nico and Pedro continue their talent search with Raphael. Carla joins them, having a knack for performing and an interest in music as well. Most of the people that come to audition for the show have exceptional talent, but they keep eating each other alive...literally. However, they get a surprise visit from Nigel (in disguise), who performs with Gabi a very entertaining rendition of "I Will Survive". At the same time, Linda and Tulio are discovered by Big Boss and his men after the logger's monkeys searched for them. The villains tie Linda and Tulio together to a tree as they go off to cut more down. Blu goes to get a Brazilian nut for Jewel, since they're her favorite. The loggers' monkeys trick Blu into flying to the scarlet macaws' territory. He tries to take the Brazilian nut, unaware that it belongs to them. He causes the scarlet macaws to challenge the blue macaws to a game that is the bird equivalent of soccer. After not letting Blu join the game, Eduardo reluctantly lets him join when he sees that most of his players are getting taken out. Although Blu appears to be skilled, he ends up scoring the winning goal for the opposite team. Eduardo berates Blu for his failure, leading Blu to feel unwanted and unneeded in this place. He argues with Jewel, who tells him to choose where he prefers to stay. Feeling conflicted, Blu flies somewhere away from the tribe, causing Jewel to think he's abandoning them. Instead, he comes across Linda's campsite to say goodbye, knowing he belongs with Jewel in the place where she feels happy. Blu then senses that something is not right. He finds Linda and Tulio tied together. He sets them free and discovers the loggers wreaking havoc in the jungle. Many trees are cut down and hauled off. Roberto finds Blu in this spot, causing the bird to recount a traumatizing encounter with humans. Blu has him fly back to the tribe so they can warn everyone together about the loggers. Blu convinces Eduardo to join forces so that they can save their home. The loggers start to make their way into the deeper part of the jungle. Linda and Tulio stand in front of the bulldozers to stop them, but what makes the villains stop is seeing the entire flock of blue macaws sitting in the trees, looking very unhappy. The scarlet macaws call a truce to help save the forest, along with the other animals. Everybody swoops in to attack the loggers and frighten them away, but Big Boss shows no fear to the animals. He drives a vehicle into the forest, but Linda holds him off in a bulldozer that she commandeers. Eduardo is caught in the middle of them, but he is rescued by Tulio. Big Boss starts to set off some dynamite strapped in the trees. Blu spots them and pulls them off, with Nigel following. Blu grabs the dynamite and flies high up with them, and Nigel grabs on. The dynamite is flung into the air, and Nigel then jumps onto Blu, revealing himself to his nemesis. An explosion rings out as the dynamite blows up, throwing the birds into the trees. They fight while tied together, giving Gabi a chance to take a toothpick swabbed with her poison to shoot at Blu. She accidentally hits Nigel, who thinks he is going to die. He does an incredibly theatrical death, with Gabi swallowing a drop of her poison to be with Nigel. Bia points out that Gabi isn't poisonous, and that it's a common misconception. Overjoyed at this revelation, Gabi grabs Nigel so they can be together, to his dismay. Meanwhile, Big Boss is swallowed whole by a snake. The jungle is saved, and Eduardo accepts Blu as part of the tribe. Nigel and Gabi are sent to Rio to be studied. Charlie ditches them. Blu decides to stay in the Amazon with Jewel and his family, but they agree to visit Rio during the summer. The film ends with the animals putting on Nico and Pedro's Carnival show, with Carla joining in the celebration.
tt0455944
Action,Crime,Thriller
Robert McCall (Denzel Washington) gets up early for his job at Home Mart. He is respected and well-liked among his co-workers. He has lunch with his friend Ralphie (Johnny Skourtis). Ralphie takes a bite of his sandwich and McCall hears a crunch. There's chips in his sandwich. McCall reminds Ralphie he's supposed to be dropping weight for his test to become a security guard. Most nights, McCall goes to a diner where he takes a book. He is currently reading "The Old Man and the Sea". A young girl in the place (Chloe Grace Moretz) asks McCall if the man in the book has caught the fish. He says not yet. The girl finishes her pie and goes to hail a cab. McCall's coworkers ask him what he used to do before working with them. He jokes that he was a Pip with Gladys Knight, doing a little dance for them. McCall goes back to the diner that night and runs into the same girl. She notices he's reading a new book. A limo pulls up across from the diner. She then gets a call from her pimp, Slavi (David Meunier). He tells her she has a client, which is the man in the limo. The girl doesn't want to, since this man is a pig. The car door opens to reveal an obese man waiting for the girl. Reluctantly, she goes outside and joins him. The next night, McCall finds the girl in the diner. She has a bruise on her face. He gives her a doughnut that he got from work. She sits with him at his table and introduces herself as Teri, although her real name is Alina. She hands McCall a CD that she recorded of herself singing. McCall leaves with her and they take a walk before a car pulls up to them. It is Slavi and his driver Tevi (Alex Veadov). Slavi gets out and slaps Alina. McCall takes a step forward until he sees that Tevi has a gun. Slavi walks over to McCall and hands him a card for his business to ask for other girls. McCall visits the diner again another night and learns from the manager that Alina is in the ICU after being beaten badly. McCall goes there and sees another prostitute, Mandy (Haley Bennett), by Alina's side. Her face is even more bruised and messed up. Mandy walks by McCall, crying. She gets a cup of coffee but overflows the cup. McCall comforts her and asks about Alina. They ride the elevator, and Mandy tells him that Slavi hit Alina, and she hit him back, and was made an example of. Mandy says that Slavi also threw battery acid in a girl's face to make her an example as well. He has threatened other girls before. McCall looks at the card that Slavi gave him. He goes to an area above a restaurant where Slavi and his men are meeting. McCall enters with an envelope containing $9,800 for Alina's freedom. At first, the goons laugh at McCall, though Slavi says that the money would be good to keep Alina for one month. McCall takes the money back and starts to walk out. He almost leaves but then decides to stay and lock the door. After carefully observing the men and whatever weapons they may be holding, he sets the timer on his watch. One of the men aims his gun at McCall, but he grabs the man's arm and causes him to shoot Slavi in the throat. He then jabs a shot glass into that man's eye. He stabs the third man, and then gets a corkscrew and repeatedly stabs Tevi until he sticks it under his chin and finishes him off. McCall goes to Slavi's side and watches him slowly die. Following the murders, a Russian mobster named Teddy (Marton Csokas) arrives to Boston to seek out the killer. He teams up with a group of corrupt cops to gain leads. At work, McCall notices Ralphie isn't in. He's told that Ralphie quit. McCall visits a restaurant that Ralphie's mother owns. Ralphie is helping her after a fire broke out, supposedly by accident. Teddy is taken by one of the crooked cops, Frank Masters (David Harbour), to the workplace of a gangster named John Looney (Shawn Fitzgibbon), to continue his search for the killer. John insults Teddy, and all Russians in general. In response, Teddy hits John with an ashtray while Frank kills John's goons. Teddy continues to beat John's face in until the man goes unconscious. The other two dirty cops, Remar (Mike O'Dea) and Pederson (James Wilcox), are eating at Ralphie's mother's restaurant. They extort her for protection money and claim that there will be another "accident" if the money isn't on time again next week. McCall finds them outside the restaurant and says he'd like to report a crime. They brush him off until he calls one of them on his personal cell phone. McCall plays a video he took of them extorting a convenience store clerk during which they tell him they started the fire at the restaurant. McCall tells them they can either give the money back or the video will hit the news stations. The cops hold him at gunpoint, but McCall quickly beats them both. They comply and later return the money to Ralphie's mother. McCall is seen playing baseball with his co-workers. Ralphie shows up in a security guard uniform, having passed his test. A crook comes to Home Mart and holds the cashier Jenny (Anastasia Mousis) at gunpoint until she hands him the money in the register. McCall calmly comes over and gives him the money. The crook also demands Jenny's ring, which was her mother's. She tearfully hands it to him. McCall observes several details of the man, like his tattoos and his cap. He doesn't make a move since children enter the store with their mother. McCall instead follows the man outside and gets a look at the plates on his car. The cops inform them that this was part of a string of robberies from the same man. McCall then goes to get a sledgehammer off a rack. The next day, Jenny finds her ring in the register. McCall then returns the hammer to the rack after wiping it clean. Teddy obtains some information about McCall, but what they can find about him shows a clean record with no trace that he has any involvement with Slavi's death. He and Frank, along with another villain, wait outside in a car while another guy enters the diner where McCall is eating. McCall knows the man is there for him. He asks him if they're waiting for anyone else. The man pulls out a gun and walks over to him. A truck pulls up in front of the diner, obscuring Teddy's view from his vehicle. McCall hits the man in the stomach with his book, and then kills him by slamming his head down on the table and breaking his neck. He then kills the lights by sticking a knife in an outlet. He walks out of the diner and snaps photos of Teddy and his men in their car. The gangsters follow McCall home. He boils some honey to tend a wound sustained from the gunman. He manages to slip out before Teddy and his goons arrive. From another apartment, McCall watches them from cameras hidden inside his apartment. Teddy feels that he is watching. McCall goes to the home of his friends Brian and Susan Plummer (Bill Pullman and Melissa Leo). They obviously have a history. McCall asks Susan for information about Teddy and the people he works for. She leaves to find what he asked for, and Brian tells McCall that it had been reported that he had died in an accident, but Susan believed he was still alive. When she returns, she tells McCall that the men he killed were part of the Russian mafia led by Vladimir Pushkin (Vladimir Kulich). Teddy, who is really named Nicolai, is the man Pushkin sends when something needs to be done. Remar and Pederson were on Pushkin's payroll, but were found dead a few days earlier with their testicles shot off and shoved into their mouths. Susan warns McCall that these men won't stop until he and everyone he cares about is dead. McCall finds Frank and traps him in his car, which he has rigged with a hose from the tailpipe. He tells Frank he needs to give McCall information or he'll leave him in the car. Frank finally relents and takes McCall to a warehouse where the Russians count their pallets full of money. McCall forcibly persuades the gangsters to surrender. He ties them up in a room with all the money for the cops to find. He frees all the workers and gives them a departing bonus from Pushkin's vast cash stash. He handcuffs Frank to a pole and tells him call in a report. When the police arrive, they find the gangsters and money, and arrest Frank. McCall goes to Frank's safety deposit box and retrieves his money, passport, and a USB stick containing more information detailing Pushkin's operations. McCall finds one of Pushkin's oil tankers and blows it and several trucks and a warehouse up. Two of Teddy's men take Ralphie, Jenny and other Home Mart employees hostage, with the threat that they will kill them unless Frank meets Teddy. The villains track his cell phone and await his arrival. When he doesn't show at the meeting place near the blown up oil terminal, the henchmen in Home Mart prepare to execute one of McCall's coworkers. Music suddenly begins playing over the intercom. One of the mobsters takes Ralphie to find the source and is killed by McCall. The other hostage taker then follows in his footsteps and is also killed. Teddy and his other hired hands come to Home Mart. They try to find McCall and are steadily killed as McCall stealthily moves about the darkened warehouse. He hangs one with barbed wire and stabs another one through the neck. He fights the biggest of the bad guys and is wounded until he finally kills him. Ralphie returns to help McCall and is shot in the leg. McCall lures one of the remaining bad guys to the break room. Ralphie turns the electricity back on as instructed, and the break room is destroyed when propane gas canisters in a microwave explode. Teddy is the last man looking for McCall when the propane explosion sets off the sprinklers. McCall uses a stud ramset gun and shoots Teddy with it several times until he walks up to him and shoots him in the throat, killing him. Three days later, McCall shows up in Pushkin's bathroom while he's showering in his Moscow home. McCall turns the lights on and off repeatedly and runs the sink water until it overflows. Pushkin talks to him for a few minutes and then McCall disappears. Pushkin retrieves his weapon from by the sink. He calls for his guards when he suddenly sees that McCall has cut the electrical wires and left them exposed on the floor. Pushkin is standing in the water when it reaches the wire and he is electrocuted and killed. As McCall leaves Pushkin's estate, he passes numerous other guards who are already dead. McCall returns to Boston. Bringing home groceries, he is approached by Alina, who is recovering from her injuries. She tells him she's gotten a real job and has started to do some reading. She thanks McCall for what he did, and she kisses him on the cheek before they bid each other farewell. McCall is in the diner with his laptop. He receives a message asking for help. He simply replies, "Yes."
tt0079261
Comedy,Drama,Musical
Hair is a musical focusing on the lives of two young men in the Vietnam era against the backdrop of the hippie culture. Set in the late 1960s, Claude Hooper Bukowski (John Savage) is a naive Oklahoman sent off to see the sites of New York before beginning his enlistment in the US Army. On his arrival he observes a group of hippies lead by George Berger (Treat Williams) begging for change from a trio of horseback riders. Later, Claude catches the runaway horse the hippies have rented and uses it to show off his riding skills to one of the trio of strangers--an upper class débutante. While returning the horse to the hippies, Claude accepts their invitation to be shown around the city. In the course of a single evening, Claude gets stoned smoking marijuana and then is introduced to the race and class issues of the 1960's. The morning after, George finds a scrap of newspaper identifying the mysterious girl. The hippy group, including Hud (Dorsey Wright), Jeannie (Annie Golden) and Woof (Don Dacus), crash a private party where the girl, Sheila Franklin (Beverly D'Angelo), secretly enjoys the disruption of her rigid environment. After the group is arrested, Claude uses the only money he has to pay George's fine so that George can find the funds to get the rest of them released. Meanwhile, at the prison, Woof's refusal to have his hair cut leads into the title song. Unsuccessful at convincing Sheila to get the funds from her father, George returns to his parents' home and is able to convince his mother to give him enough money to have the others released from jail. For their next adventure, the group attends a peace rally in Central Park where Claude drops acid. When Jeannie proposes they get married to keep Claude out of the Army and Sheila shows up to apologize, Claude's "trip" reflects his internal conflict over which world he belongs in--his own native Oklahoman farm culture, the upper class society of Sheila or the free-wheeling world of the hippies. When his trip is over, Claude and the hippies have a falling out over both a mean trick they pull on Sheila (taking her clothes while she's skinny-dipping, which then leads to Sheila being completely humiliated when she has no choice but to hail a taxi completely naked) and their philosophical differences over the war in Vietnam and personal versus community responsibility. In the end Claude goes through with his original plan and reports to the draft board. He begins his enlistment in the Army and makes it through basic training. When Claude writes to Sheila from his training camp, she seeks out George and his group to share the news. George begins to cook up a scheme to visit Claude in Nevada at the military base. Enter Hud's finance (Cheryl Barnes), who wants him to return to their life together with his son, LaFayette Jr. (Rahsaan Curry). Tricking Sheila's brother Steve (Miles Chapin) out of the family car, the hippies, Sheila and Hud's finance all head west and try to enter the training camp to visit Claude. Turned back at the guard post, George's next scheme has Sheila chat up Fenton (Richard Bright), an Army Sergeant, at a local bar. Luring him out a back country road with intimations of sex, Sheila helps the group relieve him of his uniform and his car. Using both the car, having his hair cut very short and dressed in Fenton's Army uniform, George infiltrates the Army base, finds Claude and reveals himself. When Claude refuses to leave for fear of being found missing during a headcount, George schemes to take his place long enough for Claude to visit with the others waiting in the desert. While Claude is away, the base, which has been on alert, becomes fully activated with immediate ship-outs to Vietnam. George, unwilling to reveal the Claude is AWOL, boards the plane to Vietnam in Claude's place. Claude arrives too late to slip back into his place. The final scene is at Arlington Cemetery several months later showing George's headstone (he was killed in action in Vietnam) and the song "Let the Sunshine In". As the song continues, the movie closes with crowd shots of a full scale peace protest in Washington.
tt0283003
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Ross (Jason Schwartzman) is a regular customer of Spider Mike (John Leguizamo), a methamphetamine dealer. Spider Mike and his girlfriend Cookie (Mena Suvari) are constantly arguing, and Ross strikes up a friendship with Nikki (Brittany Murphy), a fellow addict. Speed scab ridden Frisbee (Patrick Fugit), an avid gamer, is kicked out of the house by Spider Mike, who is furious over losing his stash. Nikki takes Ross to "The Cook" (Mickey Rourke), who supplies Spider Mike from a meth lab he has set up in a motel room. The Cook gives a small amount of meth to Ross in exchange for bringing Nikki (his girlfriend) home, and says that he will get in touch with Ross if he needs a driver. Back at his apartment, Ross gets messages from his mother and his former girlfriend Amy, (Charlotte Ayanna) wishing him a happy birthday; Amy is also demanding that he pay back the money he owes her. Ross, assuming she still loves him, calls her and leaves a message. He then goes to the local strip club while high, leading to an intense pornographic hallucination. He takes one of the dancers, April (Chloe Hunter), home and has sex with her while they both use meth. As they finish, the Cook calls with an emergency regarding Nikki's dog. Ross, still high, leaves April handcuffed and tied to the bed, despite her protests, and duct-tapes her eyes and mouth shut to keep her quiet. While Ross and Nikki take the dog to the veterinarian, policemen and a TV crew raid the trailer where Frisbee lives, falsely believing that a meth lab is located there. They take Frisbee and his overweight mother into custody, where they threaten him into cooperation in a drug bust. The same day, Ross and the Cook stop by a local gas station to pick up a case of ephedrine pills (one of the ingredients needed to make meth) and a soda. Next they go to a liquor store to purchase a six-pack of beer; here the Cook beats up another dealer after he slaps one of the cashiers for attempting to buy meth from Spider Mike. They then visit an adult film store, where the Cook memorably preaches about the values of pornography in America. Ross calls Amy's house again, but to no avail. He drops the Cook off at his place and rushes home to April, who is still tied to the bed. She appears to forgive him, and they proceed to have more sex. In the Cook's motel room, he and Nikki have a fight after a prostitute arrives. Nikki ends their relationship, and calls Ross and asks him to take her to a bus station so she can go back to Las Vegas. Ross leaves April again, who is still tied to the bed; she is subsequently rescued by Ross' lesbian neighbor (Debbie Harry). While Ross and Nikki are out, Frisbee is coerced by the cops to wear a wire and make a deal with Spider Mike so they can arrest him. When he enters, Cookie attempts to make love to him, her revenge on Spider Mike for his usage of a phone sex line. She finds the wire, and the cops rush in to make the drug bust. Spider Mike, furious at Frisbee's betrayal, shoots him in the testicles, and Spider Mike and Cookie are arrested. While this is happening, the Cook's meth lab catches fire and destroys his motel room. He takes off to the adult film store, where he is arrested after the owner (Rob Halford) calls the police. Once the Cook makes bail, he calls Ross asking for a ride to another dealer's house in the city after he drops Nikki off at the station. Ross learns of everyone else's arrests, and agrees to drive him there, as well as visit Amy, who also lives in the city. The other dealer (Eric Roberts) provides the Cook with cash, some meth, and the equipment to start a new meth lab. Ross calls Amy again, and leaves a message asking to see her and that he has her money with him. The Cook promises six months' worth of meth to Ross in exchange for being his chauffeur; he agrees on the condition that he can see Amy first. Amy, who has gotten her life together and found steady work in the city, leaves him in the park after seeing that he is still an addict. He gives her $100 of the money he owes her, and leaves with the Cook. Finally, after several days of nonstop frantic activity fueled by drug use, the main characters all go to sleep except for the Cook. As Ross naps in his car, the Cook walks into the trailer designated for his new meth lab. A few moments after being inside, the trailer, along with the Cook blow up... a probable suicide.
tt0096061
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Francis "Frank" Xavier Cross is a conceited, cynical television programming executive who has the position of president for television network IBC. Frank has found great success and wealth but only by becoming cold-hearted and arrogant. In the opening scenes, he is seen working out in a room with a border that reads "Cross: (n) A thing they nail people to." His ruthless concentration on his career has alienated him from his family, having only an "at arm's length" relationship with his brother James, who is now his only living blood relative. Frank overworks his assistant Grace Cooley, forcing her to constantly break plans with her family and neglect her mute son Calvin. When a disturbing TV commercial that Frank personally produced is criticized by timid staff member Eliot Loudermilk, Frank responds by firing him on Christmas Eve. Frank's boss Preston Rhinelander comes to Frank's office with an idea about reaching out to the animal audience, and takes the liberty of hiring Frank an assistant, weaselly sycophant Brice Cummings, who is transparently after his job. When Cross is given the task of heading up a live Christmas Eve broadcast of A Christmas Carol, his life begins to mirror the story he's producing. The decomposing corpse of his mentor, media mogul Lew Hayward who had died of a heart attack seven years prior, comes back to visit to tell him the error of his ways, or as Lew puts it "All my success and prestige ended on the 14th hole when I dropped dead", and warns a similar doom is befalling Frank. Lew also tells him three Ghosts will come. Frank awakens in his office, seemingly a nightmare, but Lew causes Frank's phone to call Claire Phillips, Frank's warm-hearted ex-girlfriend. The Ghost of Christmas Past appears as a loudmouthed New York City cab driver, and takes Frank back to his childhood in 1955 where his mother Doris Cross is watching The Lone Ranger with him, until his drunk and angry father Earl Cross comes home after a hard day of working at the meat packing plant, and gives him a side of veal for a Christmas present when Frank wanted a train set. Mrs. Cross says Mr. Cross was supposed to go to the toy store, and Frank's father snarls that Frank should buy his own toys. The ghost chides Frank for not doing anything in his youth except watch TV, then takes him to his late teens in 1968 when he had his first job at the TV station, where at a Christmas party he met Claire, then 1969 for his first anniversary with Claire, where they enjoy a Christmas with simple gifts. The Ghost of Christmas Past finally takes him to 1971, the year in which he chose his job as "Frisbee the Dog" over Claire, and to have dinner with Lew Hayward (who was the president of the network at the time) instead of with friends. The sequence shows how Frank gradually became the man he is in the present, first through his father, who was a blue-collar version of Frank, who in the 1955 scene ranted about how most men at the meatpacking plant are lazy slobs who make up excuses to get out of work, and in the 1971 scene when Frank breaks up with Claire because her friends offered no connections to get ahead. The Ghost of Christmas Present then appears as a life-size pixie who's cheerful, childlike demeanor offsets her violent behavior; she shows him how Grace's family lives in poverty because of his stinginess and how much his brother misses him. After the second ghost's visit, Eliot Loudermilk, now deranged and drunk after spending Christmas on the streets, storms the office with a Double-barrel shotgun and tries to murder Frank. The Ghost of Christmas Future, a seven-foot-tall ghoul with a TV screen for a face, appears and shows Frank a future in which Calvin has ended up in a mental hospital, Claire has become as cold and uncaring as he is, and only James and James' wife attend his sparse and sterile cremation. As he feels his body being burned, Frank finally sees the error of his ways and begs for a second chance. He awakens back in his office, just as the live broadcast is approaching its climax. The reformed Frank rehires Loudermilk at a considerable salary increase, and enlists his help to hijack the live broadcast. Frank steps in front of the rolling studio cameras, and publicly wishes his viewers a Merry Christmas and delivers a manic but heartfelt speech about the true meaning of Christmas. Calvin urges him to add Tiny Tim's phrase, "God bless us, everyone", finally breaking free of his mute condition. Claire rushes to the studio, aided by the Ghost of Christmas Past, who offers her a ride, and comes on set as Frank reconciles with her, sharing a romantic kiss as Grace and the other television workers start to sing "Put a Little Love in Your Heart". Frank looks up to see Lew Hayward and the Ghosts commend him, then vanish.
tt0076786
Horror
A young American ballet student, Suzy Banyon (Jessica Harper), flies to Germany to attend a prestigious dance academy. On the night of her arrival there is a torrential downpour. She arrives at the school by taxi, and before she can enter, she witnesses a young blonde girl (Eva Axén) fleeing the building in a panic. Suzy hears the girl shouting to someone just inside the door of the school, but the intense thunder obscures most of her words. When the other girl is gone, Suzy talks to an unidentified person on the school's intercom, but they refuse to let her inside. Unable to gain access to the school, Suzy gets back into her cab and has the driver take her away. As the cab drives through a nearby forest, Suzy sees Pat running alone through the trees that separate the school from town. The frightened girl is Pat Hingle, and she flees to a friend's apartment in the nearby town. While alone in the bathroom, she becomes transfixed by a pair of shining eyes outside the window, and a decidedly inhuman arm smashes through the glass, grabbing her. She is pulled out of the window onto the roof, stabbed numerous times, and then hanged by a cord when she falls through the sky light. The huge pieces of glass and metal that break out of the skylight fall on Pat's friend, killing her by impaling her body and her head in numerous places. Suzy goes to the school the next day and is greeted by Ms. Tanner (Alida Valli), an instructor, and Madame Blanc (Joan Bennett), the vice directress. Madame Blanc is very friendly to Suzy, especially when she realizes she knows Suzy's aunt Carol. Detectives are there investigating Pat's murder, and although Ms. Tanner tries to hurry Suzy away, Suzy volunteers a few bits of information. It seems as if there is something that she cannot remember, some realization that she can't put her finger on. Suzy meets a few other odd characters, including a strange looking handyman named Pavlo (Giuseppe Transocchi) and a blind pianist named Daniel (Flavio Bucci). In the changing room, Suzy meets two other students, Olga (Barbara Magnolfi) and Sara (Stefania Casini). Sara and Olga are not friends, and Olga taunts Sara a little. Although Suzy has requested to board at the school, the rooms are all full and it's been arranged for Suzy to live with Olga in her off-campus apartment. Although Olga initially seems very bitchy, she and Suzy get along well and have a conversation about Pat. Olga tells Suzy that Pat was a "busybody", and that she was always trying to find out things about other people. Suzy thinks back to seeing Pat the night before, and she suddenly remembers Pat shouting the words "secret" and "iris". The next day, Suzy sees Madame Blanc before classes, and she tells Suzy that her dorm room is now free. Suzy, however, tells Madame Blanc that she'd rather live with Olga. Madame Blanc seems offended by this and walks away in a huff. Ms. Tanner sarcastically tells Suzy that she is happy she's so "strong willed". On her way to class immediately afterwards, Suzy passes by the cook, who is sitting in the hallway with Madame Blanc's small nephew Albert (Jacopo Mariani). The cook is polishing some silver, and she reflects a beam of sunlight at Suzy, who immediately begins to feel ill. In class, Ms. Tanner keeps pushing Suzy to dance, and Suzy passes out, bleeding from her nose and mouth. The school doctor (Renato Scarpa) puts Suzy on a restricted diet that includes cheese, fruit, and a glass of red wine. Suzy also finds that she's been moved into the dorms without her consent. Her dorm room is next to Sara's, and the two of them become friends. As the girls dress for dinner, hundreds of maggots start to fall from the ceiling. Ms. Tanner investigates the upper floor and finds that crates of spoiled food have caused the maggot infestation. Madame Blanc apologizes to the girls, and arranges for all of them to sleep in the practice hall. A wall of sheets separates the girls from the teachers, who are staying with the girls for the night. Suzy asks Sara if the teachers live in the school, but Sara tells her that they leave at 9:30 every night. When the girls sleep, a shadowy figure lays down on the other side of the sheet behind Suzy and Sara. The person has a very distinct, raspy, whistling snore and it frightens Sara, who wakes Suzy up. Sara tells her about a time last year when she had to sleep in a guest bedroom: late that night, she had heard the same snoring in the next room. Madame Blanc later told Sara that the school's directress stayed in that room, so the weird snoring means the directress is now here. This seems suspicious to Suzy and Sara, since all the girls have been told that the directress would not return to the school for weeks. The next morning, Sara asks Ms. Tanner if the directress showed up last night, but Ms. Tanner denies it. As classes start, Madame Blanc's young nephew, Albert, is attacked by Daniel's guide dog. Enraged, Ms. Tanner interrupts class and tells Daniel never to bring the dog back or she'll have it put to sleep. Daniel yells at her and insists his dog would never harm anyone. Ms. Tanner throws Daniel's cane to the floor and tells him to get out, humiliating him as he fumbles around trying to find it. Daniel is enraged, and makes a veiled threat to Ms. Tanner: he is blind, but not deaf. Ms. Tanner is furious. That night, after Suzy eats her meal Sara comes into her room and they listen while the teachers supposedly leave. However, Suzy notices that the footsteps are going away from the front door; therefore the teachers are not really leaving the school at all, but going someplace inside. Sara begins to wonder where they go, but Suzy becomes extremely drowsy and can hardly stay awake. Sara takes out a notebook and writes down the number of footsteps as the instructors walk by. Daniel, who has been out at a bar, leaves with his dog. While in the middle of an empty piazza, his dog begins to bark at something. Daniel tries to calm down the dog, but he just gets more restless as they walk. Daniel begins to become frightened and stops, hearing strange sounds that indicate to him someone else is there. We can also see shadowy figures moving in the distance. As Daniel waits silently in the piazza, his dog suddenly attacks and kills him, tearing out his throat. Suzy is troubled by the sudden number of deaths and approaches Madame Blanc. She tells Blanc that she heard Pat say something the night she died. Although Pat had said more, Suzy only heard "secret" and "irises". Madame Blanc says she will inform the police about Suzy's information, but Sara later gets angry that Suzy told this to Madame Blanc. Sara worries that Suzy's revelation has put the teachers on a hunt for whoever Pat was talking to that night, and that the teacher will obviously identify that person as herself. As the two go for a swim in the pool, Sara tells Suzy all about her friendship with Pat, and how Pat had been taking notes for months about strange occurrences at the school. However, when Sara is going to show them to Suzy that night, the notes are gone; now she knows that the evil forces in the school are onto her and her time is short. The only thing she has left is the list of footsteps she made. Sara tries to get Suzy to help her, but once again Suzy cannot stay awake. Sara begins to hear footsteps and flees Suzy's room just before an unseen person enters. Sara escapes to the attic, where she is attacked but hides in a room and latches the door shut. Her stalker tries to use a strait razor to unlatch the door. With nowhere else to go, Sara cowers away from the door when she notices a small window near the ceiling. Stacking several boxes on top of each other, she leaps through the window and into the next room; unfortunately, the small room is filled to the brim with large, unruly bushels of razor wire. She tries to escape to an open door a few feet away but keeps getting tangled and cut. Just as she is near the door, the killer slices her throat. The next morning, Suzy finds Sara's room empty. Ms. Tanner tells Suzy that Sara left early that morning without telling anyone. Suzy meets with a friend of Sara's, who turns out to be Sara's psychologist. He tells Suzy that Sara became troubled when a friend put the notion of witches in her head. Sara also found out that the school was founded by Helena Markos, a Greek émigré, who people thought was a witch. Markos was persecuted wherever she went, and she founded the school for the study of occult sciences and arts. However, Markos died in a fire, and the school was passed down to her favorite pupil who turned it from a school for the occult to a dance academy. Suzy talks to a colleague of Dr. Mandel who specializes in witches, Professor Milius. Milius explains to Suzy that witches are negative forces that change events only to do harm, and their goal is to gain personal wealth that can only be achieved by injury to others. He also tells her that a coven of witches can only do magic with the power of their queen. Otherwise, they are harmless. Back at school, Suzy finds out that all the students are gone. She asks a servant, who tells her that all the students went to the theater, and that Ms. Tanner got the tickets. Suzy tries to call Frank Mandel, but a storm knocks out the phones. In her room, Suzy dumps her food out, and throws the wine down the sink, which looks suspiciously like blood. Afterwards, she is attacked by a vicious bat that flies in the bathroom window. She begins to hear the teachers footsteps, and remembers counting them with Sara. Following the count, Suzy traces their path and ends up in Madame Blanc's empty office, where the footsteps stopped. With only one door, she knows the teachers exited somehow. Glancing into a mirror, she notices irises painted on the wall in the elaborate grotto illustration that adorns Madame Blanc's office. Suddenly Suzy remembers what she had forgotten. When exiting the school, Pat said "The secret! I saw behind the door! Three irises! Turn the blue one!" Suzy turns the blue iris and a hidden door pops open. She sneaks down a hallway and, hiding behind a curtain, she sees the entire coven meeting with Madame Blanc, who is sitting on a throne. She and the others discuss how they will kill Suzy. Conducting a black mass ritual, Madame Blanc partakes of some kind of communion wafer and says "Queen Helena, give me power!" Afraid they might find her, Suzy backs away and stumbles upon Sara's corpse. She flees into a connecting room, which turns out to be a bedroom. Asleep in the bed, obscured by sheer white curtains, is a shadowy figure, snoring loudly--the same weird snoring of the directress, whom Suzy now realizes is Helena Markos. Frightened, Suzy knocks over an ornamental statue which wakes up Helena Markos. In a horrible, raspy voice, Helena speaks to Suzy: "The American girl! I knew you'd come. You want to kill me!" Suzy picks up one of the sharp glass feathers from the statue and pulls back the curtain of the bed only to find it empty. Confused, Suzy looks around while Markos taunts her. A door slowly opens, and Sara's corpse, back to life and wielding a knife, approaches Suzy. As lightning strikes, Suzy notices a slight outline of Markos still sitting there on the bed; she is simply invisible. Suzy stabs her through the neck. Sara disappears, and the burnt features of Markos become visible as she dies; the weapon has penetrated through her entire neck, and she chokes to death. Things in the bedroom begin to explode, and Suzy rushes out. As she passes by their meeting room, she sees Madame Blanc, Miss Tanner, and the others, all collapsed and bleeding due to the death of Markos. Suzy runs away, and everywhere she goes, power exudes from her, destroying all in her path. Doors explode outwards before she can touch them, and walls crack and break as she passes. Finally she reaches the exit and walks out into the rain as the house burns behind her. Suzy smiles cryptically as she walks away from the school. Perhaps she is simply happy to have escaped, or perhaps it is as the legend goes, that whoever kills a witch inherits her power.
tt0085959
Comedy,Musical
The film begins with a stand-alone 17-minute supporting feature entitled The Crimson Permanent Assurance (directed by Terry Gilliam). Set in London, England in present day 1983, a group of elderly office clerks in a small accounting firm rebel against their emotionlessly efficient, yuppie corporate masters. They commandeer their building, turn it into a pirate ship, and sail into a large financial district, where they raid and overthrow a large multinational corporation (before ultimately sailing to the edge of the earth and falling off). The film proper consists of a series of distinct sketches, broken into seven chapters. Part I: The Miracle of Birth A woman in labour is taken into a hospital delivery room, where she is largely ignored by doctors (John Cleese and Graham Chapman) and nurses, who are more concerned with using the hospital's most expensive equipment to impress the hospital's administrator (Michael Palin). The woman in labour notices that hospitals are changing, with "lots and lots of machinery". The Miracle of Birth Part II - The Third World In Yorkshire A Roman Catholic man (Palin) loses his employment. He goes home to his wife (Terry Jones) and an impossible number of children, where he discusses the church's opposition to the use of contraception, leading into the musical number "Every Sperm Is Sacred". Watching this unfold, a Protestant man (Chapman) proudly lectures his wife (Eric Idle) on their church's tolerance towards contraception and having intercourse for fun, although his frustrated wife points out that they never do. Part II: Growth and Learning A schoolmaster (Cleese) and chaplain (Palin) conduct a nonsensical Anglican church service in an English public school. The master lectures the boys on excessively detailed school etiquette regarding the school cormorant, and hanging clothes on the correct peg. In a subsequent class, the schoolboys (Idle, Palin, Jones, Chapman, and others) watch in boredom as the master gives a sex education lesson, by physically demonstrating techniques with his wife (Patricia Quinn). Later, a team of boys is beaten physically and on the scoreboard in a violent rugby match against the masters; the scene then match cuts to Part III. Part III: Fighting Each Other A World War I officer (Jones) attempts to rally his men (Chapman, Gilliam, Palin, Idle, and Cleese) to find cover during an attack, but is hindered by their insistence on celebrating his birthday, complete with presents and cake. A blustery army RSM (Palin) attempts to drill a platoon of men but ends up left alone when he excuses them one by one to pursue leisure activities. In 1879, during the Anglo-Zulu War in Natal, a devastating attack by Zulus is dismissed due to a far more pressing matter: one of the officers, Perkins (Idle), has had his right leg bitten off during the night. The military doctor (Chapman) hypothesises that, despite not being native to Africa, a tiger might be the perpetrator. Ainsworth (Cleese), Packenham-Walsh (Palin) and a sergeant (Jones) form a hunting party, which encounters two suspicious men (Idle and Palin) dressed in two halves of a tiger suit, who attempt to assert their innocence through a succession of increasingly feeble excuses to explain why they are dressed as a tiger. The Middle of the Film A woman (Palin), as if on a talk-show called "The Middle of the Film", introduces a segment called "Find The Fish" a brief surreal piece in which a drag queen (Chapman), a gangly long-armed man (Jones), and an elephant-headed butler eerily challenge the audience to find a fish in the scene. Part IV: Middle Age A middle-aged American couple (Idle as the wife and Palin as the husband) heads to a dungeon-themed Hawaiian restaurant at a holiday resort. They are presented with a menu of conversation topics by their waiter (Cleese), and choose philosophy and the meaning of life. Their awkward and generally uninformed conversation quickly grinds to a halt, and they send it back, complaining "This conversation isn't very good." Part V: Live Organ Transplants Two paramedics (Chapman and Cleese) arrive at the doorstep of Mr. Brown (Gilliam), a card-carrying organ donor, to claim his liver. He protests on the basis that he is not dead, but is nonetheless gruesomely operated on against his will. Cleese's paramedic unsuccessfully attempts to chat up Mrs. Brown (Jones), then requests her liver as well. She initially declines, but after a man (Idle) sings a song about man's insignificance in the universe ("The Galaxy Song"), she agrees. In a large corporate boardroom, a businessman straightforwardly summarises his two-part report on the meaning of life: that the human soul must be "brought into existence by a process of guided self-observation", which rarely happens because people are easily distracted; and that "people aren't wearing enough hats." This is followed by an attempted takeover of the building by the Crimson Permanent Assurance from the short feature. Part VI: The Autumn Years A posh restaurant (complete with a pianist played by Idle, singing "The Penis Song" à la Noël Coward), is visited by Mr. Creosote (Jones), a morbidly obese man in his autumn years. Creosote swears at the unflappable maître d' (Cleese), vomits copiously, and consumes an enormous meal and a huge quantity of beer and wine to the disgust of other patrons. After he has finished, the maître d' offers him a small after-dinner mint; despite initial resistance, Creosote eats it then explodes, showering the restaurant with human entrails and vomit. Part VI-B: The Meaning of Life Afterwards, two of the restaurant's staff clean up the mess left behind by the late Mr. Creosoto and offer their own thoughts on the meaning of life. The maître d' converses with cleaning lady Maria (Jones). The waiter Gaston (Idle) leads the viewer to the countryside where he was born, and explains that his mother encouraged him to notice the beauty of the world and love everyone. Realising that the audience is unamused, he angrily dismisses them and walks off. Part VII: Death A condemned man (Chapman) is allowed to choose the manner of his execution: being chased off the edge of a cliff by a horde of topless women. A depressed autumn leaf "commits suicide" by falling off its tree. Distraught, his wife and children quickly do likewise, followed by the rest of the tree's leaves simultaneously. (Animated segment) The Grim Reaper (Cleese) visits an isolated country house, and finds himself invited into a dinner party. Not knowing who he is, the dinner guests spend a lot of time arguing with him before finally being told they've all died from eating contaminated salmon mousse. Their souls leave their bodies, and they follow the Grim Reaper to Heaven. The dinner guests arrive in Heaven, a bright Las Vegas-style hotel where every day is Christmas. In a large auditorium filled with characters from throughout the film, a cheesy lounge singer resembling Tony Bennett (Chapman) performs "Christmas in Heaven", while bare-breasted women wearing Santa Claus costumes perform an elaborate dance number. The End of the Film The hostess from "The Middle of the Film" is handed an envelope containing the meaning of life, and casually reads it out: "Try and be nice to people, avoid eating fat, read a good book every now and then, get some walking in, and try and live together in peace and harmony with people of all creeds and nations." She retorts that "gratuitous pictures of penises" and other meaningless controversies would do a better job at bringing the audiences into the cinema, and bitterly announces the closing credits.
tt0068699
Drama,Mystery,Western
A distant figure on horseback rides through shimmering, midday heat. He's nearer now, a bearded man in a dark cowboy hat and long dusty overcoat--the Stranger (Clint Eastwood). The Stranger enters the tiny western town of Lago and rides slowly down the main street. The townspeople stop and watch him pass. Freighter Jake Ross (John Quade) cracks a bullwhip to wake his team of horses. The Stranger, startled, snaps his head around at the source before riding on. The Stranger leaves his horse at the livery stable and walks to the saloon. On the front porch three armed, tough-looking men watch him enter: Bill Borders (Scott Walker), Tommy Morris (James Gosa), and Fred Short (Russ McCubbin). The Stranger exchanges looks with Borders and enters the saloon. From the end of the bar farthest from some locals, he orders a "beer and a bottle" from saloon keeper Lutie Naylor (Paul Brinegar). The three men who were on the porch enter and take positions around him. Borders says, "Flea-bitten range bums don't usually stop in Lago. Life here's a little too quick for 'em. Maybe you think you're fast enough to keep up with us, huh?" Everyone freezes, waiting for the Stranger's reaction. He suddenly reaches for the whiskey bottle, scattering the local town folk, and causing the three tough men to tense. As he leaves, he whispers, "I'm faster than you'll ever live to be," He walks across the street to the barber shop, whiskey bottle in hand, and pays for a shave and a hot bath. He hangs his overcoat and gun belt on a coat rack. The barber (William O'Connell) seats him, drapes him with a smock, and nervously applies shaving cream to his face. The three toughs enter and resume taunting him. The Stranger ignores them, irritating Borders, who suddenly spins the chair. The Stranger shoots Borders in the forehead with a gun hidden under the smock. He then shoots Morris and Short before they can react. He stands and removes the shaving cream with the smock. He puts on his gun belt, replacing a wooden gun stock in the holster with his smoking gun. He steps outside, where the stunned townspeople are creeping over to view the carnage. A dwarf, Mordecai (Billy Curtis), gives him a cigar and offers a light, asking, "What did you say your name was, again?" The Stranger replies, "I didn't." The Stranger walks toward the stable. Callie Travers (Mariana Hill), a young woman of unknown background, purposefully collides with him. The shoulder of her sleeve is ripped, and she berates him for it. He tells her there's no reason to make a fuss, that she could have asked if she wanted to get acquainted. She angrily insults and repeatedly provokes him. He tries to leave, but she grabs him and insults him again. He returns her insults. She tells him he has "the manners of a goat" and slaps the cigar from his mouth. Pushed too far, he tells her, "You're the one that could use a lesson in manners," and drags her, screaming, into the stable. He throws her onto the loose hay and rapes her. The Stranger walks back past the barber shop where townsmen remove the dead bodies left by the stranger and clean up the barbers shop. They stop and watch him pass. He enters "Belding's Hotel" and finds the owner, Lewis Belding (Ted Hartley), at the desk. The Stranger says, "Room." Belding gives him a key, reminding him to sign the register. The stranger merely looks at him and goes upstairs to his room. In the room, he wedges a chair under the doorknob, takes a gulp of whiskey, and lays down to sleep. In a dream, a bloodied man (Buddy Van Horn) lays in the same position as the sleeping Stranger. The man who is wearing a badge is being whipped in the street by three men. It is dark, but the silhouettes of those watching are clearly the townspeople. The three men whipping him are not shown. The bloody man asks the townspeople for help, but receives none. As he passes out, he says, "Damn you all to hell." The stranger wakes from the dream. The next morning, the Stranger wakes and goes to the barber shop. He asks for his bath which the barber, instantly nervous, orders Mordecai to prepare in the back room. The trembling barber nicks the man he is shaving, Sheriff Sam Shaw (Walter Barnes), shoos him away. Sam waits until the Stranger has settled into his bath, then asks if he can sit down to talk. Trapped, the Stranger reluctantly gestures that Sam may join him. Sam says that Borders was not a loved man and there will be no charges filed. Callie Travers, who The Stranger had raped in the stable, enters the tub room with a revolver, says "You dirty bastard!," and shoots at the Stranger, who slides under the water. Sam wrestles her for the gun and, as he drags her out, instructs Mordecai to tell the Stranger not to leave town until Sam talks to him. After they're gone, the Stranger comes up for air and says, "I wonder why it took her so long to get mad." Mordecai, who witnessed the rape, responds, "Because maybe you didn't go back for more." In a backroom of the mining office, the prominent men in town are meeting: Mayor Hobart (Stefan Gierasch) of the general store, Dave Drake (Mitchell Ryan) and Morgan Allen (Jack Ging) of the mining company, the undertaker (Richard Bull), the gunsmith (Reed Cruikshanks), hotelier Belding, saloonkeeper Naylor, freighter Ross, and the preacher (Robert Donner). They have learned that Stacey Bridges and his cousins, the Carlin brothers, are to be released from prison that day. These three have sworn to burn the town to the ground. The group was counting on the mining company's hired gunfighters--Borders, Morris, and Short--to defend the town, but The Stranger killed them. Now, they are considering hiring the Stranger. Belding and the preacher don't like it, but the rest are in favor. The meeting is interrupted by Sam entering with still angry Callie in tow. Sam tells them about Callie's shooting outburst. Morgan Allen, her lover, tells her to be patient. Callie says, "Isn't forcible rape in broad daylight a misdemeanor in this town?" Allen tells her they need to avoid hysterics. She refers to hysterics not too long ago and spits on him, loudly questioning the manhood of the townsmen. Sam finds the Stranger eating at the hotel and tries to persuade him to defend the town. He says Bridges and the Carlins were troubleshooters for the mining company who were bullying townspeople before being convicted of stealing gold from the mining office. The Stranger suggests they were railroaded, and Sam admits that's why they are mad at the town. The Stranger says Sam can handle it. Sam replies, "I'm no law man", adding that his predecessor, Marshal Jim Duncan, was whipped to death in the street by outsiders. More pleading, then Sam says, "This is a God-fearing town. These are God-fearing people." The Stranger replies, "You like 'em. You save 'em." Desperate, Sam says, "Look, what if we offered you anything you want?" The Stranger stops in his tracks, turns, and asks, "Anything?" In Hobart's store, the mayor and Sam explain that the Stranger "has a free hand in this town," that he can have anything he wants in the town, "even if it's a squaw or a Mex to keep your bed warm at night," and that, as far as preparing the ambush, everyone is ready to follow his orders. The Stranger pockets a handful of cigars. He gives two Indian children each a jar of candy and gives a stack of blankets to an old Indian man Hobart has just scolded for touching the merchandise. On the way out, he encounters Sarah Belding (Verna Bloom), Lewis's wife, who served his meal earlier and caught his eye. He repeats, "Anything I want." The Stranger visits the boot maker (John Hillerman) and takes many items, for which Sam says there is "no charge." He does the same at the leather maker (Jack Kosslyn's) shop. A number of townsmen follow him, carrying his booty. He leads them to the saloon where he orders a round on the house for everyone who's following him. When Naylor complains, Sam delights in saying "Everyone's got to put something in the kitty." Hearing this, The Stranger removes Sam's badge and pins it on Mordecai. Mayor Hobart snickers. The Stranger removes Hobart's hat and puts it on Mordecai's head, making him both sheriff and mayor. Mordecai is thrilled. At the gunsmith shop, Mordecai selects a huge revolver since he "can't be sheriff without a gun." The Stranger informs the townsmen they are now part of the "City of Lago Volunteers", tells the gunsmith to give each man a rifle, and orders everyone to report to the street for drills. At the territorial prison, Stacey Bridges (Geoffrey Lewis), Dan Carlin (Dan Vadis), and Cole Carlin (Anthony James) are released, and their gun belts returned. The jailer claims their horses were used for food, so they face a long walk. Dan says, "Drake and Allen don't seem to have remembered." Stacey replies, "One way or another, they'll remember." In Lago, the "volunteer" townsmen take shooting positions on the roofs of the taller buildings, while the Stranger watches from a central walkway. Sam and Mordecai gallop through town on Ross's wagon, pulling a trailer loaded with three stuffed dummies on saw horses. The townsmen rain gunfire on the dummies, but score no hits. The Stranger mutters, "Shit." Ross approaches the Stranger from behind, holding a knife, and says, "I don't remember lending my wagons to be shot up." Without looking back, the Stranger says, "You're gonna look pretty silly with that knife sticking up your ass." He draws and fires four shots, beheading each dummy and knocking off Mordecai's hat. He holsters his gun and says, "You still here?" Ross replies, "No, I was just going." Sam and Mordecai are excited about the shooting display, Sam saying, "This is going to be a picnic." The Stranger tells them to keep the men practicing. The Stranger asks two Mexican laborers to use lumber from Belding's barn to build picnic tables. When Naylor, who overheard, questions the picnic, he's told he is furnishing the beer and whiskey. Belding arrives. The Stranger overrules his objection to his barn being torn down, and tells him to provide 35 bedsheets for the picnic. Mordecai, the Stranger's new sidekick, says they also need someone to provide a barbecued steer and 200 gallons of red paint. Finally, the Stranger orders Belding to get everyone out of his hotel. Flabbergasted, Belding asks where his live-ins are supposed to go. The Stranger replies, "Out." Bridges and the Carlins come across three men camping. They shoot them and steal their horses and clothes. Now, instead of walking, they are riding at full gallop. At the mining office, Allen and Belding suggest to Drake that hiring the Stranger was a mistake. They argue that convicts always threaten revenge but rarely carry through, and complain that the Stranger's crazy orders have the townspeople turning on one another. Drake wants to wait a few days to be sure. The discussion is heated, and reveals that the townspeople, in addition to Bridges and the Carlins, had a hand in Marshal Duncan's death, or as Drake puts it, "One hang, we all hang." Drake refuses to budge and Allen storms out. At the hotel, the evicted guests are leaving, and Belding and the preacher are outraged. The preacher complains to the Stranger but gets nowhere. Sarah reports the readiness of the Stranger's connecting rooms, "The best in the hotel. One for entertaining and one for sleeping...if your conscience lets you sleep." The Stranger replies, "I sleep just fine, Ma'am. Care to see for yourself?" Sarah leaves in a huff. The Stranger tells Belding he wants fried chicken for dinner with the best bottle of wine in town, then leaves. Mordecai giggles and, when the angry Belding swipes at him, dives under the raised walkway. Under the walkway, Mordecai has a flashback to the night of Marshal Duncan's whipping which he viewed from this same position. The whippers are Bridges and the Carlins. As in the Stranger's dream, the townspeople just watch. The exception is Sarah, who tries to stop it, but is restrained by Lewis. In Callie's bedroom, the Stranger enters while Callie is brushing her hair. She gets a gun from the dresser, but he grabs her wrist and controls it. He tells her he wants her company at dinner. She calls him an animal and says she doesn't eat with dogs. He says, "You might if it's the dog that runs the pack." She lets him kiss her and take the gun. She says she needs half an hour to get ready. He returns the gun and leaves. At the hotel, Sarah is serving Callie and the Stranger dinner. She asks, "Do you have any special request for dessert?" The Stranger looks at Callie and says, "No, I've already taken care of that." Callie smiles. Sarah leaves, disgusted. In the hills, Cole's horse has come up lame, and he suggests they're pushing too hard. This angers Stacey, who says maybe they should leave Cole. Dan tries to calm Stacey, saying Cole can ride double with him. Stacey says, "When they find those bodies back there, they'll be a hunting party out for us, and I want time to take one year of my life out of Lago before we move on." They shoot the lame horse and ride on, slower now. Allen and Ross meet Mordecai walking at night. He's been drinking. Allen knocks him cold with a left hook. They look up and watch the light go out in the Stranger's hotel room. In the church, Belding speaks to the church-goers, including Drake. He complains that good people have been thrown out of his hotel, which is now being used for "fornication and sins of the flesh." He and Sam argue over who should step in. It gets caustic, and the preacher says, "Gentlemen, please! Look what's happening to us." Belding agrees, adding "It couldn't be worse if the devil himself had ridden right into Lago." In his hotel room, the Stranger sleeps while Callie sneaks out of bed and gets dressed. Outside, Morgan Allen, Jake Ross, and three henchmen carefully ascend the hotel stairs, which creak anyway. Callie leaves the room and shuts the door, just as the men arrive. The men enter the room and beat the covered figure in bed with axe handles. The Stranger, on a ledge outside the window, lights a stick of dynamite and throws it onto the bed. The attackers see it and rush for the door, but only three escape before the room explodes. Outside, the Stranger shoots two attackers as they retreat down the stairs, leaving only Allen, who ducks into the hotel lobby. The Stranger follows and finds Allen holding Sarah in front of him as a shield. As Allen backs away, the Stranger shoots his exposed shoulder. Allen falls backward to the floor, pulling Sarah down with him. Bleeding badly, he releases Sarah, and scrambles out the back door toward the barn. In the barn, Allen mounts a horse and rides out. Callie pleads with him to take her with him, but he brushes her off and rides on. The Stranger has an easy shot at Callie, but lowers his gun, and she runs away into the darkness. The townspeople arrive, having heard the blast. Upset at the damage to his hotel, Belding lets it slip that he knew about the attack. The Stranger hears and is unhappy. He orders the townsmen to begin digging graves, in the dark, for the four men killed. Drake assures the Stranger he had nothing to do with the attack and offers him a bonus to stick with the agreement. The Stranger doubles it, Drake agrees, and the Stranger turns and steps away. Belding whispers to Drake, questioning the large bonus. Drake whispers back, "Promising's one thing, paying's another. He might just catch a bullet." The Stranger says, "Oh, you and Lewis can grab shovels too." The Stranger turns to Sarah, who says "I don't know where you're going to sleep now. All the rooms are ruined, except for our room." The Stranger looks at her and smirks. Sarah backs away, shaking her head. The Stranger takes her elbow and leads her into the hotel. She calls to Lewis for help. Lewis hears, but does not respond. In the Belding's bedroom, Sarah grabs a pair of shears and backs into a corner. The Stranger lays on the bed, and asks what she is doing. She says she's defending herself, citing Callie's rape. The Stranger plays with her, recalling Callie enjoyed it, and acting as if Sarah wants the same. He says, "I'd like to oblige you, but a man's got to get his rest sometime." Sarah, angry at the suggestion, attacks him. He controls her, and forces her to kiss. She stops fighting and submits. The next morning, they are relaxed with each other, Sarah in bed and the Stranger getting dressed. Sarah asks if he has heard of Jim Duncan, who lies in an unmarked grave, adding, "They say the dead don't rest without a marker." As he's leaving, she says, "Be careful. You're a man who makes people afraid and that's dangerous." He replies, "It's what people know about themselves, inside, that make them afraid." At the cemetery, the townsmen are finishing up the four graves. The Stranger is painting something unseen on a sign. At the Strangers behest, Mordecai orders everyone to begin painting the town red. There is grumbling and disbelief, but no dissent. Naylor says, "I'll paint if you say we got to, but when we get done this place is gonna look like Hell." As the tired men tote their tools back to town, the sign is revealed. "Hell", in red, covers "Lago". Lewis enters the Belding bedroom and tells Sarah there is an important meeting they should attend. She refuses, saying the neighbors make her sick. While defending the neighbors, Lewis reveals that Duncan was killed because he had discovered the mine was on government property and was determined to report it. The mine would be closed, ruining the town. He sees the murder as "the price of progress", but Sarah can't live with that anymore. She says, "I'm packing to leave, Lewis. I won't be coming back." In the hills outside town, Bridges and the Carlins see Allen, near collapse, fall from his horse. Bridges sits him up and tries to persuade him to reveal the combination to the safe in the mining office. He promises that, in return, he'll move Allen into the shade and give him water. Allen curses him. Bridges threatens with a pointed stick, but Allen remains defiant. Bridges drives the stick into his neck, and says "Two sticks of dynamite will take care of that iron box. We don't need him." A rifle shot ricochets near Dan's feet, and the three dive behind barely adequate cover. Unbeknownst to them, it's the Stranger, who had been tracking Allen by his blood droplets. Hidden on a ridge above, the Stranger lights a stick of dynamite, leaves it, and changes position. The dynamite explodes while Stacey is firing blindly up the hill, confusing the three, and showering them with debris. Then, from another direction, the Stranger shoots Cole's ear, and the three must hurriedly shift positions. Stacey figures it must be Drake and shouts out, seeking a parley. Getting no response, he fires more shots blindly, and there is another explosion, much closer this time. The three are shook up, filthy, and scratched from the blast. As they listen to the Stranger ride away, still unseen, Stacey screams, "I'll kill every man in Lago." The Stranger rides back to Lago which is now completely red. He tells Mordecai, "The guests are on their way to the party." Mordecai runs down the street, lined with picnic tables, telling everyone to get ready. He finds the prominent men drinking in the saloon. They are scared and all need one more drink before reluctantly moving outside. The Stranger ties up at the hotel, and on his way in, tells the livery boy to get up in the church tower and ring the bell at the first sign of dust. Bridges and the Carlins ride toward the town, down out of the hills now. The Stranger exits the hotel, having retrieved his overcoat. He walks to the saloon and gets a drink. Sam and Naylor are anxious, wanting him to get ready outside, but he tells them there's plenty of time. Mordecai asks "What about after we do it? What do we do then?" The Stranger says, "Then you live with it." They walk into the street and watch everyone take their positions. A "Welcome Home Boys" banner has been raised at the town's entrance. Mordecai asks, "When are you going to give the signal?" The Stranger replies, "I'm not. You are." The church bell begins ringing. The Stranger mounts his horse and rides calmly down the back road out of town. The townspeople watch in horror. Bridges and the Carlins arrive, pausing when they see the banner. They draw their guns and gallop down the main street, whooping, shooting, and roping tables. Mordecai yells, "Fire!", but they all freeze or panic. Sam is roped and dragged over a collapsing table. Several rooftop gunners are shot or knocked back by splintering wood. The livery boy is shot out of the tower. Stacey catches Drake sneaking out of the mining office, backs him into the lake, and shoots him dead. Later, after dark, the town is ablaze. The battered townspeople are in the saloon being roughed up by Stacey and Dan. Stacey beats Sam back onto a table, yelling, "A party?" Cole enters with Callie and throws her to the floor. She tries to convince Stacey she always loved him, but he's not buying it. Cole wants to know who ambushed them, and Stacey says, "We're going to find out right now." Then, a whip flies in over the swinging doors, wraps around Cole's neck, and drags him out, choking. The Stranger whips Cole to death in the street while Stacey, Dan, and the townspeople remain inside, stupefied by what they hear. Finally, the bloody whip is thrown into the saloon. Stacey orders everyone out into the street where they gather around Cole's body. Stacey and Dan look for the whipper but see no one. Two sticks with lit fuses fly from behind a building and land near the body. The townspeople scatter, screaming "Dynamite!" When the fuses burn out, Stacey examines them and sees they are just sticks of wood. Dan tells Stacey the horses are gone. Stacey and Dan move down opposite sides of the street, guns drawn, searching for the whipper. A whip from above wraps around Dan's neck, lifts him, and hangs him dead from a balcony. While Stacey is looking at Dan's body, a lantern is thrown into the street. Spooked, Stacey fires three times. While Stacey reloads, the Stranger's voice is heard whispering, "Help me, help me." The Stranger steps out in front of a burning building behind Stacey, who turns and sees only his silhouette. Stacey takes aim, but the Stranger draws and shoots Stacey's gun from his hand. Stacey yells, "Who are you?", and the Stranger shoots him dead. Belding steps out from between buildings and aims a shotgun at the Stranger's back. A shot is fired and Belding falls over dead. Mordecai is revealed, holding his huge revolver. The Stranger nods and walks away. The next morning, the Stranger rides down the smoldering street. Sarah, well dressed, is climbing aboard a buckboard. She and the Stranger exchange nods. The Stranger rides out to the cemetery where Mordecai is carving a grave marker. Mordecai says, "I never did know your name." The Stranger replies, "Yes, you do. Take care." As Mordecai watches him ride away, the marker is revealed-- "Marshall Jim Duncan, Rest In Peace." In the distance, the Stranger disappears into the heat shimmer.
tt0098273
Crime,Drama,Mystery
New York Police detective Frank Keller (Al Pacino) investigates the murder of a man in Manhattan, shot dead while face down naked in his bed while listening to a 45rpm recording of "Sea of Love". Keller has three clues - a lipstick-smeared cigarette, a wanted ad the dead man placed in a newspaper and a perfect set of fingerprints. Immediate suspicion falls on a vengeful woman who answered his lonely hearts personal advertisement. A second man dies in the same manner in Queens. Detective Sherman Touhey (John Goodman) suggests they collaborate. Both victims had put rhyming ads in the paper. They track down Raymond Brown (Michael O'Neill), the only other man with a rhyming ad. He's a married man and admits placing the ad, but swears on his children's lives that he threw away all the letters and never saw anyone. Keller has an idea - place their own rhyming ad in the paper, take any women who respond to a restaurant and take the prints from their glasses. Keller's boss (John Spencer) thinks it is a bad idea. However, Brown soon turns up dead. Keller has dinner with several women, while Sherman posing as a waiter puts their empty glasses into evidence bags. One of the women, Helen Cruger (Ellen Barkin) snubs Keller and leaves before she takes a drink. Keller bumps into her again at a market, but this time, Cruger is more friendly. Keller goes back to Cruger's place, ostensibly to get her fingerprints. He panics when he finds a gun in her purse, but it turns up to be just a starting pistol. Keller and Cruger begin a serious relationship. Keller has a chance to obtain Cruger's fingerprints on a glass, but decides to wipe the glass clean. Their relationship proves rocky when Cruger discovers that Keller is a cop. Cruger's ex-husband Terry (Michael Rooker) breaks into Keller's apartment and threatens him with a gun. He makes Keller lie on his bed and show him how he made love to Helen, just as he had done with his ex-wife's other three boyfriends. Keller overpowers Terry and tries to call the police, but the killer is wild and lunges at him. In the struggle, Terry is accidentally thrown through the window and plunges to his death. Keller and Cruger reunite. She forgives him, and they resume their relationship.
tt0069281
Mystery,Thriller
Andrew Wyke is a wealthy, unhappily married country squire and writer of detective novels who delights in playing elaborate games. Aware that Milo Tindle, the struggling owner of two hair salons, is having an affair with his wife, Marguerite, Wyke invites him to his country manor house in Wiltshire. Wyke is also having an affair with a girl named Teija and is quite happy to divorce his wife. His main concern is that Tindle, a struggling businessman, will be unable to maintain Marguerite in the lifestyle to which she has become accustomed, and that she'll leave him and return to Wyke. Wyke suggests that Tindle steal some valuable jewelry and sell it in order to live happily with Marguerite, while Wyke will claim the insurance in order to live happily with Teija. When Tindle agrees, Wyke offers him a disguise in case of unexpected visitors and, dressed up as a clown and under Wyke's supervision, Tindle breaks into Wyke's manor house, blows open the safe and obtains the jewels. Wyke then reveals that he has lured Tindle into a trap whereupon he can legally shoot him as an intruder. Wyke's real grievance is that his wife has been having an affair with a working-class boy made good rather than a member of the upper classes like himself (Tindle's Italian origins make him even worse in Wyke's eyes). He looks upon Tindle as nothing more than a gigolo, "a jumped-up pantry boy who doesn't know his place". While Tindle begs for mercy, Wyke fires the gun and he falls to the floor. Two days later, in the evening, the eccentric but methodical Inspector Doppler comes to Wyke's house, announcing that he is investigating Tindle's disappearance. At first Wyke denies ever having had anything to do with Tindle but eventually admits to his meeting with him and the "game" they played involving the jewels. Wyke states that he did not really kill Tindle but had used blank bullets. His aim was to humiliate the man and teach him that becoming a member of the gentry requires breeding rather than just joining in. He maintains that, after recovering from the shock, Tindle left the house alive. In the course of searching the house, however, Doppler finds traces of blood, evidence of actual bullets being fired into the walls and Tindle's clothes in a wardrobe. Wyke panics at this stage and tries to get away when Doppler pins him down and reveals himself to be none other than Tindle in disguise. Tindle reveals that he wanted revenge for the way Wyke had humiliated him. Wyke expresses admiration for the way it was done, but Tindle is not prepared to leave it at that. For him, the whole charade has become something of a class struggle: Wyke's gentrified world plays games for amusement; but in Tindle's working-class world the game is a daily struggle for survival. He has therefore set up a new game, this time based on reality, and involving a real-life murder. Wyke's murder mystery novels revolve around an upper-class detective, St. John Lord Merridew, who has a "nose for smelling out evil superior to anything in the force". Merridew is always solving cases that leave the official detectives baffled. Tindle has always rejected this image, seeing the police as sharp-eyed professionals who know their job. Tindle tells Wyke that he met Wyke's mistress Teija. He killed her, buried her body and planted evidence around the house that would frame Wyke for the crime. Tindle further reveals that the evidence for Teija's murder is set to look as though Wyke had set it in plain sight to provoke the police; to incite them with the impression that Wyke holds a belief that the police are unintelligent and useless and will not see the evidence for what it is. When Wyke phones Teija's roommate Joyce she confirms that Teija's body has been found and that the police are on their way to question him. A distraught Wyke has thirteen minutes to find and destroy the proof linking him to Teija's murder before the police, led by the all-too-real Detective Sergeant Tarrant, arrive. Tindle reads out riddle-clues to the location and nature of the hidden evidence while Wyke frantically runs around the house, interpreting the riddles and finding the items. After Wyke barely manages to dispose of the evidence in time, Tindle reveals that the police are not actually on their way; the whole thing was a set-up. He further reveals that Teija is alive, that he knows she is only marginally involved with Wyke, and that she wholeheartedly approved of Tindle's plan to humiliate the unpleasant older man, who is impotent. Tindle then goes upstairs to retrieve Marguerite's fur coat, a sign that she is moving in with him for good. Wyke takes his revolver out of a nearby drawer. Having been humiliated himself, Wyke informs Tindle that he cannot let him leave and that he intends to kill him, this time for real. Tindle then tells him that he actually did go to the police in order to make a complaint about the earlier incident but that they are unlikely to do anything since they see him as "some common little git who's been screwing the wife of a local nob and who got what he deserved." However, if Wyke does kill Tindle, the police will now not believe that Tindle was there to rob the house. Wyke does not believe that Tindle talked to the police and shoots him through the torso. Within a few moments, a police car, with lights flashing, reaches Wyke's front door, and someone begins to knock. Wyke tries to retreat away from the window to avoid being seen, while Tindle, bleeding profusely and barely able to crawl, grabs the switch wired to the entirety of Wyke's large collection of mechanical toys, which come violently to life and attract the attention of the police. With his world coming down, Wyke realizes that he is ruined and the dying Tindle laughs and says mockingly, "Andrew... be sure and tell them... it was only a bloody game."
tt0095742
Horror
Kristen, Joey and Kincaid have been released from the Westin Hills Asylum and are now living normal lives and attending high school. Kristen has managed to make some new friends: Alice, a young, bright girl who is a frequent daydreamer; Sheila, a brainy, quiet black girl with asthma; and Debbie, a tall, tough girl who hates bugs. She has also found herself a boyfriend, Rick, a martial arts enthusiast who is also Alice's brother. Kristen begins to have bad dreams and feels as though Freddy has once again come back from the dead. During one of her nightmares, she pulls Kincaid and Joey into her dream as she explores the deserted Elm Street house. In school the next day, Kincaid and Joey confront Kristen about pulling them into the dream. Kincaid wakes up one night and finds himself locked in the trunk of an old junked car. When he opens the hood, he realizes that he is in the same salvage yard that Freddy's body was buried in. Kincaid spies his dog, Jason, digging and urinating in the ground nearby. Freddy then resurrects from the ground after which a pile of junked cars crash down on him. Freddy quickly recoups and kills Kincaid. Later that night Joey is also killed by Freddy. The following day at school, Kristen is concerned when her friends fail to show up for class. She confides to Alice about nightmares. Kristen hits her head and passes out when she discovers both her friends missing, being attacked by Freddy but revived in time. After she learns of the deaths of Kincaid and Joey, Kristen goes to the actual Elm Street house, with Rick, Dan, and Alice. Rick tells Dan the story of Freddy, and Alice reveals a part of the dream master spell. Alice suggests to Kristen that she is in control of her own dreams. However, Alice also looks down at the ground and sees something, a chalk drawing of the house, that only Kristen has been able to see. Clearly, she senses something. At home that night, her mother gives her a sedative to help her sleep. When Kristen falls asleep this time, on Alice's advice, she tries to convert nightmares into pleasant dreams, to no avail. While she meets a child named Alice in her dream, creating a sand castle, even in her good dreams, Freddy appears and ruins everything. Kristen eventually finds herself in Freddy's boiler room. It is explained that Kristen is the last child from Elm Street, and Freddy needs her help to get more children. When Freddy is about to kill her, she screams for Alice. Alice appears suddenly in the boiler room just as Krueger kills Kristen by throwing her into fire. Before Kristen dies, she sends her power, the power to pull people into her dreams, to Alice. Before the power can reach her, it passes through Freddy first. Alice awakens immediately, realizing that Kristen's in danger. She turns out to be right, as Kristen's room is on fire. As Alice tries to understand what has happened, and who exactly Freddy is, her friends begin to die. First, Sheila and Rick are killed. While taking a test, Alice accidentally pulls Sheila into a dream where Freddy is waiting; the same thing happens to Rick later. Yet, after every death, including Kristen's, Alice picks up new talents and abilities. She also picks up the dream powers of the children who have died. She is obviously Freddy's supernatural opposite, albeit too weak to truly conquer or even resist him yet. After his death, Alice teams up with Dan Jordan, who was one of Rick's closest friends. Together with Dan, Alice tries to get to Debbie, their last surviving friend, before Freddy finds her. Unbeknown to the two teens, Freddy is able to control their movements. Trapping Alice and Dan in a time loop, Freddy is able to reach Debbie and kill her (by transforming her into a cockroach and trapping her inside a roach motel and then crushing her) before Alice and Dan intervene. Following a car accident, where Dan is injured and rushed to the hospital, Alice returns home to prepare for one final battle with Freddy. Alice goes to sleep to help Dan before Freddy can kill him. As Alice and Dan search for Freddy, Dan is injured. Alice wills him awake right at the moment the doctors wake Dan and he is pulled from the dreamworld. Alice, facing Freddy alone, attempts to use all of her newly absorbed abilities against him. The fight is relatively equal, except that she has a mortal body and he has not, giving him the advantage of immortality. It's an advantage that proves nearly too great to overcome. He declares that he's been guarding his gate for too long to be taken down by her. But just as he is preparing to kill her, she recalls the final verse of the dream master spell. For the first and only time, someone defeats Freddy, by using the power of the spell to make him see the evil that is inside. Using her power as guardian of the gate of good dreams (which Kristen never was, nor was Nancy,) Alice releases the tortured souls that Freddy imprisoned into the gates of good dreams where he can no longer harm them. Krueger's clothes fall lifelessly to the floor. The film ends with Dan and Alice at a fountain some time later. She tosses a coin in and makes a wish. As she and Dan depart, she decides to keep the wish to herself as Freddy's image appears in the ripples left in the fountain from the tossed coin.
tt0100029
Action,Crime,Drama
A man is buying drugs from a dealer until his men burn the man alive. The man is rushed to the hospital where his wife and daughter are waiting. As he dying, he yells out Leon, his brother's name. Three weeks later Leon, Lion Heart (LH) is shown working in the desert for the French Foreign Legion, when he get's the letter about his brother. He gets in into an argument with his C.O. over being kept in the dark. When the hot headed C.O. decides to put LH in a "box", LH escapes in a jeep, headed to the ocean. He makes it to a ship and then to N.Y.C., after a short fist fight with a ship worker that got into his way. Since his brother's wife and daughter live in L.A. and he has no money, he enters a paid fight in a ghetto. After he wins easily, Joshua, who runs the fight ring, takes him to a higher class and higher stakes organizer (Cynthia). LH doesn't want to go along with it, but he eventually agrees to fight in L.A., near his family. When he goes to visit his niece and sister in law Helene, he is cast out. Helene is in serious financial disarray, and thinks that LH is also dealing drugs when he offers money. So, LH has Joshua and Cynthia set up a phantom life insurance policy so Helene can get the money without seeing where it came from. With this in place, LH starts to fight with everything he has. Cynthia, meanwhile tries to seduce him into being her boy toy. When he refuses, she starts to work with the 2 agents that are hot on his trail to bring him back and have him tried as a deserter. After beating those two up, he gets away and then a high stakes match is scheduled. This match is with the unbeaten and colossal Attila, and big investors get involved. Cynthia knows that LH is injured and keeps it a secret when she quietly bets it all on Attila. She double crosses everyone believing the LH has no chance. Finally, Joshua and LH break the truth to Helene and she accepts him into the family. He then gets ready for his final fight. The 2 agents are there to seize him at the end of the match. Attila enters the ring and after taking many blows from LH, delivers a few of his own. Soon, Attila finds out about his injured ribs and tries to exploit that. Shortly afterward LH is down and hurting. Joshua comes to him and tries to talk him out of going on. LH won't hear of it, and his fire burns hotter than ever as he charges the bigger Attila. LH swaps blows until he has the upperhand. Then LH lands kick after kick as the the crowd gets behind him and cheers him on. Soon Attila is finished and the badly injured LH is carried away by the 2 agents. Meanwhile, Cynthia has lost and finds herself in trouble. Then the agent take him back to Helene's to say goodbye. After the heartbreaking and emotional episode, LH gets in their car to go back and face his destiny. But the agents seem to have a change of heart and let him go a block later. He runs back to Helene and her daughter to start his new life with them and Joshua. Thank you for reading! blogmonstermike.word press.com
tt0099253
Horror,Thriller
Two years later, Karen Barclay (Catherine Hicks) and her eight-year-old son Andy (Alex Vincent) have filed a lawsuit against the Play Pals Toy Company, manufacturer and distributor of the Good Guy Doll franchise. Due to lack of testimony from the Chicago Police Department, the case is dismissed. Karen is remanded to a psychiatric institution for observation, and Andy is sent to the Midtown Children's Crisis Center in Chicago to await temporary foster custody. The executives of Play Pals decide to have the original Chucky (Brad Dourif) doll reconstructed in order to dispel the negative publicity stirred up by the nationwide trial. During reconstruction, a technician (Ed Krieger) is killed in presumably a freak accident which reinvokes serial killer Charles Lee Ray's dormant spirit within the doll. Meanwhile, experienced foster couple Phil and Joanne Simpson (Gerrit Graham & Jenny Agutter) who are already fostering a seventeen-year-old named Kyle (Christine Elise) decide to take Andy into their care as well. Chucky obtains information on Andy's new living arrangements, and holds an executive named Mattson (Geg Germann) hostage, forcing Mattson to transport him to the Simpson's address. When they arrive, Chucky kills Mattson before gaining entry into the home undetected. Chucky proceeds to dispose and take the place of Tommy (Edan Gross), a Good Guy Doll that is identical in appearance to him. The following night, Chucky ties and gags Andy to his bed, attempting to possess him. The ritual is immediately interrupted by Kyle who is seen sneaking into Andy's bedroom window. Chucky hastily promises Andy he will make another posession attempt on him the next time he is found alone, before he returns inanimate. Andy tries to warn Phil, Joanne, and Kyle though no one believes him. Phil humors Andy's problem by throwing Chucky in the basement. The next morning, Chucky follows Andy to school and kills his teacher Miss Kettlewell (Beth Grant). Andy escapes and returns back to the Simpson's home where he continues to warn Phil and Joanne, but they still do not believe him. Later that night, Andy descends into the basement with an electric knife after discovering Chucky has returned to the basement. Chucky who had been anticipating Andy's arrival, pounces on him and a struggle ensues. Phil ventures downstairs to investigate the noise and ends up getting killed by Chucky. Kyle runs to call an ambulance, while Joanne blames Andy for the death and has him sent back to the Center. Kyle disposes of Chucky in a trash can before uncovering the remains of Tommy in the backyard. When Kyle finds out that Chucky is missing, she goes back inside the house and finds Joanne's corpse. Chucky attacks Kyle and forces her to drive him to the Center. When they arrive, Chucky kills Andy's social worker Grace Poole (Grace Zabriskie) before kidnapping Andy and forcing him into the back of a Chicago Sun-Times van. Kyle tailgates the van before cutting it off at an intersection and chasing Chucky and Andy into a truck garage at the Play Pals factory. Chucky knocks Andy unconscious before beginning the ritual. Though it would appear that Chucky has suceeded his nose instantaneously begins to bleed, thus signifying his soul's permanence within the walls of the doll. An irate Chucky threatens to kill Andy as a means of revenge for stalling. Luckily, Kyle and Andy reunite and guide themselves through the manufacturing floor with Chucky relentlessly pursuing them. Chucky ends up killing a technician (Don Pugsley) before the duo manage to trap him in one of the machines, severing his legs. Andy sprays a vat of molten plastic onto Chucky melting him, while Kyle shoves an air hose into Chucky's mouth causing his head to inflate to the point of explosion.
tt0102558
Comedy
While hosting a party in his Manhattan penthouse, financial publisher Chris Thorne (Chevy Chase) meets investment attorney Diane Lightson (Demi Moore), a distraught young woman whose fiancee recently broke up with her. Wanting to get to know her better (in order to hook up with her) Chris agrees to escort her to Atlantic City on the following day to a sales conference. Brash "Brazillionaire" brother and sister Fausto and Renalda meet up with them and invite themselves along. Along the way, Chris takes a supposed scenic detour off of the New Jersey Turnpike, ultimately ending up in the run-down mining village of Valkenvania. Failing to comply with a stop sign and subsequently attempting to escape pursuing officer Sheriff Dennis Valkenheiser (John Candy), the group is captured and taken before 106-year-old Reeve (Judge) Alvin Valkenheiser (Dan Aykroyd), who confiscates their identification cards and drivers licences. Judge Reeve holds the offenders in his courthouse/funhouse to be judged the next day. They attempt an escape, but due to a series of mishaps, the group splits up. Fausto and Renalda escape by swimming across a sewage-infested moat around Valkenheiser's "funhouse" only to be captured by Officer Dennis, where they cut a deal with him to let them escape. Dennis decides to quit his job as an officer. At ties, Chris and Diane, still trapped within the house, are at high risk of being shot by Dennis's trigger-happy cousin, Officer Miss Purdah. Judge Reeve is angered by their actions and imprisons Chris and Diane in a room from which the pair eventually escapes (again with a little help from Dennis) and, in time, become separated. Diane makes it out of the house and into the property's salvage backyard; here, she meets two ugly troll-like creatures by the names of Bobo (also Dan Aykroyd) and Lil' Debbull, the judge's severely deformed grandchildren whom are not allowed in the house. Earning the creatures' trust, Diane catches glimpses of Alvin's granddaughter/personal mechanic Eldona (John Candy, in drag) destroying Chris' prized BMW 733i. Meanwhile, Chris sneaks into Reeve's personal quarters but is quickly caught by Eldona. Judge Reeve Valkenheiser punishes him according to house policy, which decrees that Chris must marry Eldona. Chris pleads for help from another set of Reeve's victims, the alternative rap group Digital Underground. Although the group's members are being held on charges of speeding, Reeve releases them after being charmed by an impromptu performance of one of the group's hits. It is revealed here that the judge and his household have a long-standing grudge against "bankers" (in which category they seem to be able to place everybody with more money than themselves) because of the loss of most of the family's wealth due to a poor coal investment deal back in the late 1910s. The judge's invariable punishment for being a "banker," and for just about everything else, is to be fed via roller coaster into a death machine called "Mr. Bonestripper," and have one's remains (human bones) shot out onto a large charnel heap. The machine breaks down the instant before Chris is fed into it, and he escapes. After retrieving Diane from the scrapyard, the two jump on a passing train back to New York. After the two report their plight to the authorities, Judge Reeve's courthouse is raided by local and state police. Chris and Diane are asked to accompany the officers to the site, only to find out that ALL of the officers involved are fully aware of and in league with the devilish Reeve. The couple only escapes when the area's underground coal fires cause a collapse, destroying the town and killing practically the whole village including Miss Purdah, the two trolls, and Eldona. Meanwhile, the Brazillionaires, Fausto and Renalda, are shown to have made their way back to South America in their home city of Sao Paolo, Brazil. Dennis is now their personal head of security and Renalda's lover. In the final scene, Chris and Diane are shown relaxing back in New York at Chris's apartment, happy that their nightmare is over, and of the two of them finding love with each other. When Diane goes to the bathroom to take a shower, Chris's relief does not last. When he turns on his TV set for the evening news, he stumbles on a televised news segment covering the ruined town of Valkenvania destroyed by the mine collapse, and he sees one of the surviving residents is Judge Reeve Valkenheiser, brandishing Chris's ID that he left behind, where he announces to the reporter that he and his family plan to move in with his new grandson-in-law in New York City! In a panic, Chris gets up and smashes through a wall in his apartment making a cartoon-line outline while screaming: "No, you're not!!!" THE END
tt0101757
Comedy
Sue Ellen Crandell (Christina Applegate) is a 17-year-old high school graduate and dream teen who looks forward to the summer when her divorced mother will be in Australia all summer. In the opening scene, Sue Ellen tells her friends at the clothing shop about her thoughts of a fun-filled summer of freedom in the rural Los Angeles suburbs while the rest of her friends are planning a trip to Europe, with Sue Ellen staying behind, unable to afford going abroad. After arriving home, Sue Ellen's dreams are then abruptly curtailed upon the arrival of elderly Mrs. Sturak (Eda Reiss Merin), whom Mrs. Crandell (Concetta Tomei) has hired as a live-in babysitter for Sue Ellen and her younger siblings: 16-year-old Kenny (Keith Coogan), a heavy metal-loving stoner; 13-year-old Zach (Christopher Pettiet), a romantic ladies' man; 11-year-old Melissa (Danielle Harris), an athletic tomboy; and eight-year-old game show addict Walter (Robert Hy Gorman). Mrs. Sturak reveals her true colors the moment Mrs. Crandell departs: an iron-fist-ed, whistle-blowing, no-nonsense disciplinarian. Kenny flees from the house to hang out with his fellow outgoing stoner friends all day, leaving behind Sue Ellen and the rest of his siblings. That evening, Sue Ellen inspires her siblings to rise up against Mrs. Sturak and end her reign of terror. The moment they move in to confront her, however, they discover Mrs. Sturak in her chair in her room... dead of a heart attack while in her sleep. The five Crandell children panic and debate calling the police, or their mother in Australia, but Sue Ellen realizes that doing so jeopardizes any chance for summer fun for their mother will no doubt return and unfairly blame them for Mrs. Sturak's death. They finally decide to seal Mrs. Sturak's body in a trunk, and drop it off anonymously at the local morgue with a note reading: "Nice old lady inside. Died of natural causes." The next morning, more panic ensues when, while taking Mrs. Sturak's car for a food shopping trip, the kids realize that all the cash their mother left them for the summer was in an envelope that Mrs. Sturak kept on her at all times. After returning to the house, Sue Ellen and the rest of the Crandells tear apart Mrs. Sturak's room as well as look into her purse and suitcase that she left behind, but the money is gone... having been taken by the old woman. The Crandell kids now have no money for the next two months of the summer, but Sue Ellen decides all she needs is a job. Unfortunately, the only place that hires her is Clown Dog, a fast-food restaurant, where she performs grunt labor in miserable conditions. Despite meeting Bryan (Josh Charles), a handsome and supportive co-worker who becomes her boyfriend, Sue Ellen quickly gets fed up with the obnoxious Clown Dog manager and quits. Sue Ellen then forges the resume of a mid-level fashion executive and poses as a 28-year-old as she applies at General Apparel West, a downtown L.A. clothing manufacturer, for an open receptionist position. Although scorned by Carolyn (Jayne Brook), the rude and sarcastic receptionist due for a promotion, Sue Ellen's resume garners the attention of Rose Lindsey (Joanna Cassidy), the senior vice president of operations at GAW, who offers an executive administrative assistant position to her. While out at a Chuck E Cheese restaurant that evening to celebrate Sue Ellen's new job, she, Kenny, Zach, Melissa and Walter find themselves stranded in a parking lot of the shopping center when Mrs. Sturak's car is stolen by a trio of drag queens. Sue Ellen is forced to call Bryan to give her and her brothers and sister a ride back to their home. Afterwords, Bryan invites Sue Ellen out on a date and she accepts. Overt the next several weeks, Sue Ellen drives to work in her mother's Volvo car, and struggles to keep the truth about her double life hidden from Bryan and GAW. But things become more complicated after Sue Ellen learns that Bryan is the younger brother of Carolyn, the receptionist who quickly sees through Sue Ellen's charade. Carolyn soon teams up with her equally cynical and sneaky boyfriend Bruce (David Douchney) to try to prove that sue Sue Ellen is a phony to the skeptic Rose. Also complicating things is Rose's businessman boyfriend Gus, who makes inappropriate and sexual advances at Sue Ellen, who brushes it off, but Gus refuses to take no for an answer, and Sue Ellen is afraid to say anything about the lecherous Gus' advances out of fear her secret will be discovered. After learning about office money called petty cash, Sue Ellen "borrows" enough for groceries. She convinces herself that she will be able to pay back the money she stole, but on her first payday, she sees that her paycheck is only $730, for nearly half of her pay is taken away for taxes and her siblings used even more petty cash, totaling over $3,000, to purchase non-returnable items such as Zach purchasing a huge stereo TV and sound set. Another few days later, Sue Ellen's distress is further compounded with bad news from Rose: the company is going under because GAW's dowdy fashions aren't selling amid their buyers, and soon all of them will be out of a job. In a moment of epiphany, Sue Ellen goes out on a limb for GAW by designing high-end fashions on her own for GAW. She convinces Rose and the other senior staff members that her hip clothes could pull GAW back out of bankruptcy. Rose is impressed and wants to hold a gala event-type show to reveal GAW's new fashion line to their buyers. Realizing there isn't enough petty cash to rent a hall, Sue Ellen convinces Rose to hold the fashion show at the Crandell house in the Valley. Working together with her siblings and friends, they use the remaining petty cash to spruce up the house and host the event themselves. The evening goes off swimmingly, with the audience loving the new GAW clothing line. Right at the show's finale, however, Bryan shows up unexpectedly, quickly followed by a furious Mrs. Crandell, back early from Australia (having not heard from the kids over their refusal to take her phone calls). Overwhelmed by her lies, Sue Ellen announces the truth to everyone and apologizes to Rose, but Rose assures her that the buyers loved the new fashions and don't care about Sue Ellen's personal life. With GAW's future secured, Rose gladly offers the "real" Sue Ellen another position at GAW, but Sue Ellen declines in favor of pursuing college first. With the party ended and the guests departing, Mrs. Crandell begins to lose her temper as always, but is quickly calmed down by a now more-mature Sue Ellen, as well as the suttle Kenny, Zack, Melissa and Walter. Mom walks around the house, impressed and suspicious by the cleanliness, expensive new furnishings, and the behavioral turn-around of all her children. As Sue Ellen and Bryan embrace and kiss, Mrs. Crandell asks about the whereabouts of Mrs. Sturak. The end credits then begin to roll as the film cuts to a scene at the local cemetery, where the two morgue attendants are visiting Mrs. Sturak's grave and place a bouquet of flowers on it. Here, we finally learn what happened to the missing money that Mrs. Crandell left Sue Ellen and her siblings. As expected, the cash was taken by Mrs. Sturak and she kept it hidden in her clothing to keep it away from the Crandell children. It was discovered by the two morgue workers while they were preparing her for burial and they ended up squandering all of it over the course of this movie by making weekend gambling trips to Las Vegas. The final shot shows Mrs. Sturak's tombstone which simply reads: "Nice Old Lady. Died Of Natural Causes."
tt0091167
Comedy,Drama
The story is told in three main arcs, with almost all of it occurring during a 12-month period beginning and ending at Thanksgiving parties hosted by Hannah (Mia Farrow) and her husband, Elliot (Michael Caine). Hannah serves as the stalwart hub of the narrative; her own story as a successful actress (a recent success as Nora in A Doll's House) is somewhat secondary, but most of the events of the film connect to her. An adulterous romance between Elliot and one of Hannah's sisters, Lee (Barbara Hershey), provides the main romantic entanglement of the film. Elliot's discontent with his wife's self-sufficiency and resentment of her emotional strength causes him to look elsewhere. Lee has lived for five years with a reclusive artist, Frederick (Max von Sydow). She finds her relationship with Frederick no longer intellectually or sexually stimulating, in spite of (or maybe because of) Frederick's professed interest in continuing to teach her. She leaves Frederick, much to his sorrow (for he has grown dependent upon her), and has a secret affair with Elliot lasting for several months. Mickey, another of Allen's neurotic characters, provides the comic relief. Parts of his story are scenes from his previous marriage to Hannah and his horrible date with the cocaine-addicted Holly (Hannah's other sister, played by Wiest), shown in flashbacks. Mickey's main story is one of a hypochondriac confronting the possibility of an actual serious disease. After a clean bill of health, it turns into a career-pausing existential crisis, and leads to unsatisfying experiments with religious conversion to Catholicism and Krishna Consciousness, before a long walk and the fortuitous opportunity to see again the Marx Brothers' Duck Soup (part of the 'joyous' declaration of war sequence is featured) help to remind him why life is worth living. The revelation helps prepare him for a second date with Holly, which this time blossoms quickly (and mostly off-screen) into a relationship and marriage. Holly's story is the film's third main arc. She's an unsuccessful actress who dabbles in a catering business, funded by Hannah, but competing with April (Carrie Fisher), her business partner and a fellow actress for acting parts and a man (Sam Waterston) ends with Holly losing both. She decides to try her hand at writing. The career change forces her once again to borrow money from Hannah, a dependency Hannah perhaps welcomes and Holly resents. After writing a script inspired by Hannah and Elliot (a story that Holly sets aside after Hannah objects to just how much of the couple's private life Holly had incorporated into it), she writes a story inspired by her own life, which Mickey reads and admires greatly, vowing to help her get it produced. A minor arc in the film tells part of the story of Norma and Evan (played by Maureen O'Sullivan and Lloyd Nolan, who were both in Never Too Late 20 years earlier). They are Hannah's parents, who still have acting careers of their own, careers disrupted at times by Norma's alcoholism. Evan's flirtation and piano playing provide part of the entertainment during the Thanksgiving get-togethers. By the time of the film's second Thanksgiving Lee has ended her affair with Elliot. In a final coda-like act, another year has elapsed and the film ends happily for the three sisters, now all married, and infertile Mickey has somehow impregnated his new wife Holly. Part of the film's structure and background is borrowed from Ingmar Bergman's Fanny and Alexander. In both films, a large theatrical family gather for three successive year's celebrations (Thanksgiving in Allen's film, Christmas in Bergman's). The first of each gathering is in a time of contentment, the second in a time of trouble, and the third after the resolution of the troubles. The sudden appearance of Holly's reflection behind Mickey's in the closing scene also parallels the apparition behind Alexander of the Bishop's ghost.
tt0090927
Action,Adventure,Drama
The film opens up on April 24, 1980 during Operation Eagle Claw, the American operation to rescue American hostages being held at the U.S. embassy to Tehran. The operation is being aborted after a fatal helicopter crash in the Iranian desert, with the U.S. Delta Force evacuating to their C-130 transports. Among them is Captain Scott McCoy (Chuck Norris), who, against orders, rescues his wounded comrade Pete Peterson (William Wallace) from the burning helicopter before the team finally evacuates. McCoy expresses his disgust for President Carter as well as the politicians and military hierarchy that forced the mission to launch despite the risks, and announces he is resigning his commission. Five years later, a group of Lebanese terrorists armed with a Colt M1911, PM-63 machine pistol and AK-47s hijack American Travelways Boeing 707 (ATW) Flight 282 that is on a flight from Cairo to Athens to Rome and to New York City. Taking all 144 passengers and crew hostage, the group, an Iranian pro-Khomeini New World Revolutionary Organization, led by Abdul Rafai (Robert Forster) and Mustafa (David Menachem), forces Captain Roger Campbell (Bo Svenson) and his crew to fly the plane to Beirut, Lebanon, where they make demands to the United States government that, if not met, will result in the death of the hostages. During the crisis, they separate the Jewish passengers from the Americans by forcing the flight attendant to identify them, who is hesitant to do so because she is German. Unbeknownst to the Lebanese authorities, the Jewish hostages are then taken off the plane and transported to a militant-controlled area of Beirut, while a dozen additional henchmen are brought on board. The plane departs for Algiers, where the terrorists release the female hostages and children. Meanwhile, the Delta Force, led by the veteran Colonel Nick Alexander (Lee Marvin) and McCoy, recalled to active duty. McCoy is promoted promoted to Major and told to serve under Colonel Alexander. The Delta Force is deployed to resolve the crisis as the team flies to Algiers to deal with the hijackers. Once the female hostages are evacuated, the Delta commandos launch their assault, only to discover too late that there are additional hijackers and inadvertently alert the terrorists. Abdul kills one hostage, a US Navy SEAL diver named Tom, and forces the pilots to return to Beirut, taking the remaining male passengers with him. Delta Force gives chase to rescue the hostages. Upon landing again in Beirut, the terrorists transport the passengers to a separate location, while the pilots remain in the aircraft. Using a sympathetic Greek Orthodox priest, Israeli Army Intelligence prepares an operation to free the hostages. In a prolonged campaign against the terrorists, McCoy goes behind enemy lines to bid their time to identify the terrorist leaders and the locations of the hostages. Once their locations are discovered, McCoy escapes and relays this information to Alexander. The Delta group assaults the terrorist holdouts, freeing the hostages and evacuating them to the airport. During the battle, McCoy, Peterson and their team hunt down Abdul and his men, killing most of the militants before Abdul shoots Peterson, gravely injuring him. McCoy chases Abdul and tracks him down to an abandoned house. He then engages him into a vicious hand-to-hand fight, breaking Abdul's arm. As the terrorist leader prepares to shoot McCoy, he is killed after McCoy launches a rocket into his car. With the hostages and rescue teams secured, the team seizes Flight 282 by secretly infiltrating the airfield through a cotton field. Using silenced weapons, Alexander and the Delta team assassinates the terrorist guards including the last hijacker and saves the crew, ordering them to fly to Israel. The team boards the plane with all of the hostages, taking off just as McCoy is the last one to board the plane after having destroyed several terrorist jeeps on the runway with his motorcycle armament. On board the team tends to the wounded passengers and Pete who is now dying. After having confirmed that the hostages are safe and en route home, Pete says his farewells to McCoy before succumbing to his wounds. In the main cabin the ex-hostages and Delta commandos join together in a rousing rendition of "America The Beautiful", not knowing about Pete's death. In Israel, the plane lands safely and the Jewish hostages are greeted by their families, while Delta Force disembarks with Pete's body in tow. McCoy, Alexander and the rest of the team concludes their operation and departs for the United States amidst celebrations by the people.
tt0106950
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
In a dystopic future society, married couples are allowed to become pregnant only once and are not permitted to become pregnant again even if the baby doesn't survive gestation or delivery. A faceless corporation called MenTel controls society, including its prisons. Couple John and Karen Brennick have had one failed pregnancy and are forbidden to have another, however she becomes pregnant again. In the film's opening scene, the couple are attempting to pass a security checkpoint while traveling to a safer region. Though they're careful to protect Karen's abdomen from detection, the guards become suspicious and try to stop them. They are captured and sentenced to a MenTel prison. John arrives at the penitentiary, a vast underground facility where treatment is harsh and punishments are brutal. He is ushered through the initial check-in where a small device is forcibly inserted down his throat: an "intestinator", which causes extreme abdominal pain when a punishment order is issued. The device can also be triggered to detonate in cases of extreme punishment, which John witnesses soon after he & the other prisoners are implanted; a prisoner, who becomes hysterical and crosses a safe-zone, is killed when his abdomen explodes. John is put into general population with some of the prison's worst inmates. In the cell that he shares with three men a hulking man, Stiggs, lords over the cell. John is forced to sleep on the floor. During his first night, he dreams of a sexual encounter with his wife and is interrupted by the prison's control system, ZED-10, which can enter the minds of inmates who have inappropriate thoughts. The prison's director is a man named Poe, who oversees ZED's operations. John also runs afoul of another hulking inmate, Maddox. Maddox attacks John and the fight, which would normally be stopped by intestination, continues when Poe cancels the punishment order. The two men battle across the walkway that leads out of the cellblock. The walkway is retracted and John wins the upper hand, causing Maddox to fall off the walkway where he hangs on by one hand. John pulls the man up, saving his life, however, Poe orders a powerful weapon called the splattergun to target Maddox' intestinator: the man's abdomen is blown out and he falls to his death. John is immediately intestinated along with dozens of other prisoners. While John writhes in pain, he notices that Maddox' intestinator lies nearby, undamaged. As he's dragged away to isolation, he passes it to one of his cellmates, Abraham, who holds it for him. John is subjected to physical and mental torture in isolation -- he is encased in a pod that feeds him hallucinatory visions that bombard his senses. After spending several weeks there, he's returned to his cell but is catatonic and remains in that state for four months. His other cellmate, Abraham, who works as a housekeeper in Poe's office and living quarters, nurses John. When it seems hopeless to return John to his normal state, John returns, having been encouraged by the thought of his wife, who had gotten Poe drunk on champagne and had accessed ZED, entering John's dreams and breaking his catatonia. John becomes leader of the cell, bumping Stiggs down the ladder. While John was in isolation, D-Day had taken the opportunity to study the intestinator. He finds that they are magnetic; using Stiggs as a test subject, he uses the freed intestinator to pull the other one out of Stiggs. It causes Stiggs a great deal of pain and nausea but the men realize they can at least free themselves from ZED's & Poe's control. They also have Abraham steal a small crystal from Poe's office, part of a holographic projector which shows construction plans for future prison levels. John forms a plan to have the men escape out of one of the construction sites where they all work. While they study the plans, they crystal is dropped and damaged. Abraham, who'd been up for parole, takes responsibility and may lose his chance at release. He decides to join John and the others in the escape. Poe becomes attracted to John's wife Karen. He allows her to live in his apartment with her. One day she finds him in a reclining chair, hooked up by leads to ZED; Poe is a cyborg. Horrified, Karen rejects him. Abraham, who'd been listening to their conversation, tells John, who charges Abraham with freeing Karen when the escape is attempted. The next day when the men report for work, John and Stiggs start a fight to distract the guards at the construction site. While they do, D-Day places all the intestinators he'd extracted from his cellmates on a ventilation pipe. When Poe orders a mass intestination, the intestinators explode, blowing a hole in the duct. John and his crew run for the exit but are stopped by strike clones, prisoners who have been converted into cybernetic soldiers. Stiggs is killed by a clone when he tries to surrender. John and the men are able to overpower one and steal the gun it had built into it's arm. When the splattergun is sent to their level, it cannot track them and they ride it's carriage to the top level. In his offices, Poe secures the room and traps himself, Abraham and Karen inside. When Karen and Abraham try to kill Poe, he overpowers them and kills Abraham. John, D-Day and their cellmate, Nino arrive at Poe's quarters; Poe shows John that Karen has been taken to an operating room where Karen's baby will be removed from her abdomen by Cesarean section and she will not survive the procedure. John forces Poe to take him to Karen, however, Zed sends the splattergun and Poe is destroyed. Zed tells John and his crew that a unit of strike clones are being sent to their location. D-Day tells John to get him to a computer console and is able to successfully disrupt ZED with a computer virus -- moments later, D-Day is killed by a strike clone. The virus is enough to shut down the lights in the surgical lab and delay the doctors long enough for John to find Karen. John, Karen and Nino escape to the surface where they steal a MenTel truck and drive off, finally arriving in a forested area where Karen goes into labor in an abandoned barn. Suddenly the truck they stole, still controlled by ZED, tries to run them down. Nino is killed, however, John is able to destroy the truck with the weapon he'd stolen, setting it on fire with the flame thrower. The truck swerves into the barn where Karen had been in labor and explodes. John believes Karen and his child are dead until he hears the child wailing and sees Karen alive; she'd escaped the barn shortly before. John and Karen leave to start a new life with their newborn child.
tt0101745
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Dr. Benjamin Stone (Michael J. Fox) is a hotshot young surgeon who longs to leave the drudgery of a Washington, D.C. emergency room and finally leaps at his chance at more money (for repaying his med school debts) and less death as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills. On his last day, Ben's relationship with his co-workers is presumed to be anything but a warm one. None of his colleagues will join him for a drink, and a cake in his honor has an iced portion of the phrase "Good riddance, asshole" sliced out. Ben's cross-country drive in a 1956 Porsche 356 Speedster to become a Beverly Hills cosmetic surgeon is interrupted when he crashes in the rural redneck hamlet of Grady, South Carolina. The crash is through the hand-made fence of local Judge Evans (Roberts Blossom). The superficial Ben offers to pay for the fence, so he can be on his way, but the Judge isn't interested, and he sentences him to 16 hours of community service at a nearby hospital. Ben gets angry, and the stern judge increases his community service to 32 hours. The local mechanic Melvin (Mel Winkler) tells Ben that he'll have his car fixed by the time he leaves, and Ben goes to report to the hospital, where the stiff Nurse Packer (Eyde Byrde) humbles him by ordering him to clock in and out, as would a factory worker and threatens to report him to the judge should he miss one day. Though upset, Ben quickly makes friends with Mayor Nick Nicholson (David Ogden Stiers), who is desperate to keep him in town because he knows it won't be long before their current doctor, Aurelius Hogue (Barnard Hughes) retires. He invites him to stay overnight at his lakeside lodge,where the town's café proprietor/waitress (Frances Sternhagen), and her friends, make Ben feel welcome with food and alcohol. After a night of drinking, Ben wakes up feeling rough, and goes outside to the lake, where he sees a naked woman, Vialula "Lou" (Julie Warner) emerge from the water. She gets dressed and leaves,and it isn't long before he discovers that she's the town's tomboyish ambulance driver. Ben soon finds his clinic work much more laid-back than the emergency room. His are simple cases for the redneck locals which include spots before the eyes (from an elderly woman not cleaning her glasses), fishing hook impaling, and even reading mail for a young hillbilly illiterate couple. But the experience also humbles Ben when he mistreats a case of mitral valve regurgitation leading to late cyanosis of a young boy. Hogue orders Ben to give the boy a Coca-Cola. Dismissing Hogue's treatment as quackery, Ben calls for a helicopter to transport the boy to another facility in Athens, Georgia, to see a heart specialist. But when the report comes back, Ben is embarrassed when he and Hogue learn that the boy has this chest condition because he had chewed (and accidentally swallowed) some of his father's tobacco and Hogue explains that the carbonic acid component of the soda would relieve his stomachache. The next day at the café, Ben meets the Mayor's flirty daughter, Nancy Lee (Bridget Fonda) who immediately has a crush on him, but he's much more interested in getting to know Lou. The Mayor doesn't reckon he's got much chance with her,but Ben makes him a $10 bet that he'll score with her before he leaves town. He arrives at Lou's place with flowers,and discovers that she's also a single mother to a four-year old girl called Emma, the product of a relationship she had with an ex-boyfriend,while living in New York. He invites Lou to have dinner with him at The Mayor's house, and he discovers that she is also the object of affection for Hank Gordon (Woody Harrelson), the local insurance salesman,and town's "golden boy". Later that night, Ben tries his best to make a move on Lou, but she refuses his advances, and tells him she knows about the bet with the Mayor. During the routine house calls, Ben and Lou's bond grows, and he confides in her that he grew up in a small town in rural Indiana, where his parents lived and died in a car accident when he was only 14. Ben can't see himself confined to any small town which reminds him of the memory of his parents which he chooses to push himself with work in order not to dwell in the past. During this time, Hogue also starts to respect Ben when Ben saves his life after he suffers a heart attack. At the town's annual festival, Ben and Lou have a slow dance, and almost share a passionate kiss, when Judge Evans interrupts, and tells Ben that because he's saved Hogue's life, he is now pardoned from community service. With his car fixed and ready to go, Lou wants to spend the night with him before he leaves. But Ben realizes he can't go through with it because he's fallen for her and wants her to be more than just a one night stand. Ben arrives at the lakeside lodge and finds Hank waiting for him. Ben expects a fight, but Hank explains that though he can't give Lou what Ben can, he's still a better man for her. After the two men talk, Ben comes to realize he's not selfless enough for a life with Lou and plans to not see her anymore. Not wanting to wait until the morning to leave, he breaks into the garage to get his car and drives out of town. But just as he is leaving, he sees a one of his patients who has gone into labor. He pulls over,and helps deliver the baby. However,as the woman is giving birth, Ben's car is wrecked when a truck driver smashes into it. The next morning, Lou tells Ben that she plans to marry Hank and that the town have paid for a plane ticket for him to leave right away. Secretly, she doesn't want Hank but she thinks Ben doesn't want to settle for the rural life. He reluctantly says goodbye to the locals, and leaves. In California, Ben's new boss Dr. Halberstrom (George Hamilton) hires him at the interview, thanks to an unexpected phone call recommending him from Dr. Hogue. Ben finally has his high-paying dream job on the west coast that he always wanted. But over the next several weeks, Ben quickly tires of the superficiality of Beverly Hills and of the patients. One day, Ben is surprised by the appearance of Nancy Lee and Hank, who have fled Grady to come to California and they are now a couple. Hank tells Ben he took his own advice to "do what a man's gotta do." Ben, seeing an opportunity at true happiness, returns to Grady, hoping to patch things up with Lou, who takes him back.
tt0110598
Comedy,Drama
Muriel Heslop (Toni Collette) is a high school dropout with no job, no prospects and no boyfriend. She uses fantasies of her wedding as a coping mechanism and also strongly matches the diagnostic criteria for a cluster-b personality disorder (possibly Borderline Personality Disorder or Histrionic Personality Disorder). In high School she was shy and socially awkward, but managed somehow to have the "in group" accept her hanging around them. Muriel attends the wedding of one her high school associates in an inappropriate leopard print dress. After witnessing the groom having sex with one of the bridesmaids, Muriel is arrested because by some strange coincidence the store detective from where she shop-lifted was also at the wedding. After this episode, her former friends (Tania, Nicole and Janine) shun Muriel because they see her as an overweight, directionless no-hoper, while continuing to plan a holiday to Hibiscus Island. Muriel's chain-smoking, unambitious, slovenly family is routinely abused and vilified by their father - the corrupt local politician Bill Heslop (Bill Hunter). Frustrated with his family's lack of ambition or drive he has turned into a tyrant. While at dinner with some property developers, Heslop runs into his mistress who has done well in a cosmetics pyramid marketing scheme who recruits Muriel into the scheme. The following day Muriel's mother writes a blank cheque to cash intending for the money to let Muriel buy into the scheme. Escalating from petty theft, Muriel uses the blank cheque to defraud her parents, draining their bank account of $12,000. Muriel uses this money to stalk her former friends on Hibiscus Island. While on the Island, Muriel's former friends confront her over her stalking, requesting that she leave them alone. Later in the evening, Muriel runs into Rhonda Epinstock (Rachel Griffiths). Rhonda confronts Muriel's former social-group who bullied her in high-school. Rhonda and Muriel catch up, with Muriel inventing grandiose fantasies of a fiancé. Later, Rhonda and Muriel perform an Abba lip-sync in the talent contest. It is unclear where they got their elaborate costumes. At the end of her holiday, Muriel returns home to be confronted by her mother over the fraud, however Muriel immediately moves to Sydney where she shares a flat with Rhonda and changes her name to Muriel. One night, Rhonda and Muriel go to a nightclub. Rhonda meets two American sailors while Muriel takes a nice man, Brice Nobes, she met at her minimum wage job in a video store. They return separately to the small flat that Muriel and Rhonda share. While engaged in rough foreplay, Muriel and her companion break a window. The sailors that were in Rhonda's bedroom go out to investigate and assume that Muriel's companion is attempting to rape her. It is during this episode that Rhonda falls down and apparently paralysed. While waiting overnight in the only empty emergency room in Sydney, Muriel calls her family home where she learns that the Australian Federal Police are investigating her father for corruption. Rhonda discovers she has cancer pressing on her spine and requires urgent surgery. Muriel then co-opts Rhonda's health crisis as the basis of a deception to obtain a free photo shoot from a Bridal shop. During one of Rhonda's rehab sessions, Muriel promises that she will take care of Rhonda and that they will never need to return to their hometown. Rhonda discovers that Muriel has tried on every wedding dress in Sydney and confronts her. Muriel confesses the depth of her deceptions. Bill and Muriel go to lunch with Bill's solicitors, where Bill confronts Muriel over her criminal fraud and Muriel confronts Bill about his infidelity. Rhonda's tumour returns necessitating more severe surgery making her paralysis permanent. No longer wanting to be bothered with her only true friend's disability, Muriel moves out, leaving Rhonda no option but to ask her mother to take her back to their Porpoise Spit. Muriel enters into a criminal conspiracy to commit visa fraud marrying South African swimmer David Van Arkle so that he can stay in Australia. Muriel agrees to marry David for $10,000. At Muriel's elaborate wedding, her former friend group serve as the bridesmaids, while Rhonda bound to her wheelchair is relegated to being a guest, which leads to an awkward discussion between Rhonda and her former bullies. Muriel's father is accompanied by his mistress and Muriel's mother arrives late to the wedding, missing the actual ceremony. At the end of the ceremony, Muriel doesn't notice her mother at the back of the church and just walks past. After the ceremony Muriel and David return to David's apartment who gives her a perfunctory tour of place. After showing her bedroom to Muriel, David makes his contempt for Muriel known asking "what kind of person marries someone they don't know?" to which she replies "you did". He shows her a grudging respect when she says that she too wants to win. Realising that their marriage will be platonic, Muriel sits on her bed and contemplates the view. Meanwhile, back in Porpoise Spit, Muriel's mother accidentally shot-lifts a pair of sandals from a supermarket. Bill arranges with the police for the charges to disappear and takes Muriel's mother home where he announces his intention to divorce Betty and marry his mistress, Deidre Chambers. Betty commits suicide, although bill calls in favours to have it recorded as a heart-attack. Realising that Betty lived only for her family and that her constant marginalisation broke Betty's will to live, Muriel breaks down and realises that all the frauds, falsehoods and lies only lead to pain. David comforts Muriel and they consummate their marriage. In her mourning Muriel realises that she can move beyond her family-of-origin issues, that her actions have consequences and that her choices matter. The next morning Muriel asks David for a divorce, who has decided that he likes having her around. However, she leaves him at the hotel wishing him good luck for in the games. Bill asks Muriel to stay and help raise the kids; she refuses and returns to Sydney. She repays $5,000 of the $12,000 she stole, saying that she will repay the rest when she gets a job back in Sydney. Muriel visits Rhonda at her mother's house and offers to take her back Sydney. Rhonda accepts.
tt0089686
Horror
It has been five years since Nancy Thompson waged her last battle with Freddy Krueger in that sinister house on Elm Street. The Walsh family- Jesse, a seventeen year old with his father, mother and sister, Angela- has just moved in. Right off the top Jesse starts having bad dreams. His parents assume this is due to the pressure of being the "new kid in town." Jesse knows otherwise. Somthing evil is alive in this house. The signs are clear but disturbing. The house becomes unbearably hot suddenly on one of the coolest nights of the year. Appliances take on a mentality of their own, and abruptly burst into flames. The pet parakeet has an anxiety attack and turns into a roman candle. Jesse turns to Lisa, his new girlfriend, to try and figure out what's happening. They piece together assorted rumours and old newspaper clippings of the house's homicidal past, and discover the grisly details about the local child-murderer Freddy Krueger, who was burned to death by town citizens years ago. Meanwhile, Jesse's dreams are turning frighteningly real, and perhaps blurring into reality itself. Freddy Krueger appears in the darkness, muttering black threats about the "plans" he has for Jesse. Lisa tells Jesse that he's just having a series of intense psychic episodes, but something tells him the situation is far more odious. Slowly, he feels himself succumbing to Freddy, and his own darker impulses rising within. In a bloody nightmare, Jesse finds himself observing the brutal slaying of his gym teacher, Coach Schneider. The next day, he learns that the murder has, in fact, occured. Jesse is convinced that it wasn't Freddy Krueger but himself who was the murderer. The fear starts to build inside Jesse like never before. He feels his sanity starting to unhinge. Panic-stricken, Jesse cuts himself off from his family and friends. But Lisa seeks him out and refuses to leave, comforting him. Jesse begins to relax. They start to make love when, abruptly, Freddy siezes hold of Jesse: a long-tongued demon is suddenly staring hungrily at Lisa. Fearing for her, Jesse tears imself away and runs outside, leaving Lisa in tears. Jesse visits his old friend, Grady, and begs him to stay awake with him. He tries to tell Grady about Freddy's possession of his body, but his friend shrugs and dozes off. Soon after, Jesse doubles over in terrible pain, and Grady wakes up to see him being ripped apart by a savage force: a beast within, Freddy Krueger, clawing it's way out. The glistening killer emerges and eyes Grady. Grady screams and tries to run out of the room. The door is locked. Freddy reaches out and, within seconds, Grady slumps to the floor, blank-eyed, wasted. And there, standing over Grady's body, is Jesse. He finds Lisa and falls into her arms, bloody and agonizing over Grady's murder. Lisa listens with numbing realisation: these aren't just dreams, and Freddy is no shadow. As Jesse feels another transformation coming on, he warns Lisa to run away. But she stands by, trying to help him fight it. Still, Freddy wins out. Freddy attacks Lisa and begins chasing her through the house. In his clutches, Lisa begs for her life and pleads with Jesse to come through. Poised for the kill, Freddy is about to slash at her....when something stops him. A glint of recognition in his eyes, his features contorting into confusion. Freddy screams out and runs away from Lisa and into the night. A rampage of terror follows. Freddy invades a pool party, boils the pool water and spreads flames everywhere, slashing at random at the young party guests. Lisa's father attempts to fire at Freddy with a shoutgun but Lisa, knowing it is really Jesse, stops him. Freddy turns and stalks away, right through a hedge fence. Lisa runs to the old power plant where Krueger used to work, thinking she might save Jesse there. She finds him and tells him that she loves him and that he can fight from the inside. She then removes Freddy's hat and kisses him. Freddy begins to lose control and begins to weaken, as Jesse feels an inner strength of his own welling inside him. As the power plant begins to burn to the ground, Freddy himself starts burning and finally gives up his possession of Jesse's body. After he dies, the rest of the power plant suddenly extinguishes. Just when Lisa thinks it is all over, Freddy's burnt corpse begins to move and Jesse crawls out of Freddy's ashes. The horror is over, not with a bang but with a whisper. The following Monday, Jesse goes back to school. He climbs the bus, finally relieved that it is all over. When the bus begins traveling too fast, Jesse panics and jumps up, only to find out there is nothing wrong; the bus is coming to its regular stop. As he and Lisa rest at ease, Freddy's glove bursts through their friend Kerry's chest and the bus speeds off the main road and into the open land, just like in Jesse's nightmares.... Freddy is back again!
tt0093260
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In San Francisco, California, down-on-his-luck naval aviator Lt. Tuck Pendleton (Dennis Quaid) resigns his commission and volunteers for a secret miniaturization experiment. At a party that opens the story, Jack gets into a fight with several other pilots whom he'd just insulted. He's turned over to his girlfriend, Lydia Maxwell, who takes him to his trashy apartment. Tuck convinces her to spend the night and the two make love. The next morning, Lydia is trying to leave before Jack wakes up and the two argue: Lydia feels Jack drinks too much and is reckless. She finally is able to leave in a cab. Tuck reports to the labs of Vectrocon, the research company conducting the miniaturization experiment. Through a complex process, Tuck and the craft he will pilot are shrunk to microscopic size and transferred into a syringe to be injected into a laboratory rabbit. Just as Tuck is about to be injected, the lab is attacked by a rival organization led by scientist Dr. Margaret Canker (Fiona Lewis) that plans to seize the experiment and steal the miniaturization technology. Two prototype microchips are necessary: one for miniaturization, the other for re-enlargement. Vectrocon is the first company to master the more difficult re-enlargement process. During the attack in the lab, Canker steals the second microchip. Experiment supervisor Ozzie Wexler (John Hora), knowing their intentions, escapes with the syringe. A chase ensues with one of Canker's henchmen, the cyborg Mr. Igoe (Vernon Wells), which ends at a nearby shopping mall. Igoe possesses a bionic hand containing a small projectile weapon like a gun and shoots Ozzie. The now-dying doctor injects Tuck and the pod into an unsuspecting Jack Putter (Martin Short), a hypochondriac Safeway grocery clerk, the first person he comes into contact with, dying shortly after. Igoe finds the broken syringe and makes a note of Jack himself. Tuck falls unconscious during the sudden injection and when he awakes is unaware of what has happened and believes he's been injected into the rabbit. After attempts to radio the lab are unsuccessful, Tuck navigates the pod to the optic nerve and implants a camera so he is able to see what the "host" sees. Realizing he is inside a human, Tuck makes contact by attaching another device to Jack's inner ear, enabling him to talk to Jack, initially with embarrassing consequences. Tuck explains that the pod has only a 24 hour supply of oxygen and needs his help in order to extract him by going back to the lab. Jack, after an embarrassing incident at his job and after talking to his doctor, goes to the lab to talk to Dr Niles (Mark L. Taylor) and head of security, Pete Blanchard (Harold Sylvester). He has Jack ask what went wrong; security for the experiment failed and that the chips are prototypes. Tuck talks Jack into leaving the lab and finding Lydia whom he thinks can help Jack get the second chip back. Jack makes contact with Lydia, who's a reporter who has had dealings with a stolen goods dealer, The Cowboy (Robert Picardo). They learn that The Cowboy plans to buy the computer chip from Scrimshaw. After psyching Jack up, Tuck has Jack knock The Cowboy unconscious. Tuck then activates an experimental process that controls the muscles of Jack's face, altering Jack's features so he looks identical to the Cowboy. Lydia and Jack, posing as the Cowboy, meet with Scrimshaw to steal the chip from him. However, just as they're about to take possession of the chip, Jack accidentally tips Scrimshaw and Canker that he's an imposter. Scrimshaw plans to torture Jack by having Igoe burn him with a torch built into his bionic arm. Jack's nervousness overrides the transformation of his face, revealing his true face. Mr. Igoe captures Jack and Lydia and takes them to the lab. While imprisoned, Jack and Lydia share a kiss, which, unknown to them, transfers Tuck into Lydia's body through their saliva. Once taken to the lab, the criminals miniaturize Igoe shrink him in a more sophisticated pod and inject him into Jack to locate Tuck, kill him, and obtain the other chip, which is attached to the pod. Once Igoe has been injected, Jack and Lydia escape, steal back the chip and order everyone in the lab at gunpoint into the miniaturization device, including Scrimshaw and Canker. However, not knowing how to operate it, they only manage to miniaturize everyone to 50% of the original size. Tuck, now inside Lydia, finds a growing baby and realizes that she is pregnant with his child. By going to Lydia's eardrum and playing their song (Sam Cooke's "Cupid"), he is able to alert them what has happened. Jack and Lydia kiss again to transfer Tuck back. They frantically drive back to the lab in order to enlarge Tuck, not realizing that miniature versions of Scrimshaw and Canker are hiding in the back seat. While the villains attempt to subdue Jack and Lydia, Mr. Igoe locates Tuck in Jack's esophagus and attacks him. Tuck disables Igoe's craft, fighting him off for a few minutes and passes through to Jack's stomach, hanging above a pool of acid. Igoe attacks again, having ejected himself from his armored suit and tries to drill into the cabin of Tuck's pod. Tuck, to make Jack even more nervous, tells his host that he saw what may be a tumorous growth. Jack's ulcer reacts and he produces more stomach acid. When the pool is deep enough, Tuck detaches and plummets with the screaming Igoe attached, dissolving him to his skeleton. Back at the lab, with only minutes of supplemental oxygen left in the pod, Jack follows Tuck's instructions to eject the pod from his lungs by making himself sneeze. One of the lab scientists finds the pod on Dr Niles' glasses and gently retrieves it. Tuck and the pod are successfully enlarged, and he is reunited with Lydia and finally gets to meet Jack in person. The film ends at Tuck and Lydia's wedding, held at Wayfarers Chapel, where Tuck wears the chips from the experiment as cufflinks. When they climb into the limousine, it is revealed that Cowboy is the driver and the shrunken down Scrimshaw and Canker are hiding in the trunk, inside a suitcase. Now confident and in control of his life, Jack recognizes the Cowboy. He bids farewell to his doctor, his boss and a woman he'd tried to date, Wendy and jumps into Tuck's vintage 1967 Mustang, pursuing the limousine to rescue the newlyweds.
tt0085382
Horror,Thriller
Donna Trenton (Dee Wallace) is a frustrated housewife whose life is in turmoil after her husband Vic learns about her having an affair. Brett Camber (Billy Jacoby) is a young boy and a son of a mechanic, Joe, (Ed Lauter) whose only companion is a St. Bernard named "Cujo." While chasing a rabbit into a cave, Cujo is bitten by a bat with rabies and his behavior begins to change. While the dog begins to succumb to the disease, Brett and his mother leave for Connecticut to visit his mother's sister, using money from a lottery won by Mrs. Camber. When Donna and her young son, Tad (Danny Pintauro), drive out to the home where Cujo and the Cambers live, in order to fix Donna's car, the once-gentle Cujo, now driven mad by the disease, attack the Cambers' neighbor, Gary Parvier (Mills Watson). Gary engages the dog in a fight and drives it off briefly, retreating to his home. He tries to arm himself with a shotgun, but as he searches for the shells Cujo enters through a back door and attacks him again. A wild struggle follows in the front of Gary's house, and eventually he is overpowered and killed by Cujo. Joe Camber, after heading down to Gary's, looks for Gary but doesn't find him. He does find blood on the porch and goes inside - and discovers Gary's body on the floor, his throat torn open. Joe goes to call the police but Cujo suddenly enters the house, and Joe immediately recognizes that their once-beloved family pet is now rabid - and a dangerous menace. While trying to defend himself, Camber unwittingly backs himself into a corner and Cujo attacks & kills him too. When Donna & Tad reach the Camber house, their Ford Pinto car's alternator dies. They are ambushed by Cujo while still in their vehicle, sending Tad into a panic. Donna and Tad are trapped inside the Pinto while the massive dog waits outside, attacking repeatedly, all while Vic is out of town on a business trip. Donna's repeated attempts to start the car are in vain and the 200-lb St. Bernard charges the car with each attempt. Vic returns home to find his house trashed - the result of vandalism by Steve Kemp (Christopher Stone), the man Donna had the affair with. He calls the Sheriff and tells him that he suspects Kemp is also responsible for the disappearance of Donna and Tad, having called the home repeatedly but gotten no answer. The Sheriff puts an alert out for Kemp's vehicle and Kemp is soon picked up. While he admits to trashing the house, Kemp denies having even seen Donna and Tad. The Sheriff believes him and when informed by Vic that Donna was taking the car to Joe Camber's for repairs, goes out to the Camber house to investigate. The hot sun makes the conditions nearly unbearable, but Donna knows that certain death awaits them outside. Donna decides that she must do something before they both die from either heatstroke or dehydration, but the dog could be anywhere, however, and attempts at escape are foiled by repeated attacks by the mad dog, who tries to get into the car. After speaking to Vic following the break-and-enter, the local Sheriff arrives at the house. As he approaches he is ambushed by Cujo before he can draw his weapon. The gun is knocked from the Sheriff's hand by Cujo and the fight carries on inside the barn. Eventually, the Sheriff, too, is knocked from a catwalk and killed by the massive dog. Donna decides that she must risk going outside to save Tad, but the dog jumps out from underneath the car and bites her in the leg, forcing her back into the car. Eventually, a badly wounded Donna makes an attempt to dash for the house but is attacked by Cujo, the only safety being the car. She spots a baseball bat at the base of a tall tree in the yard, and gets an idea. While Cujo is distracted by a ringing telephone, Donna gets out of the car and retrieves the baseball bat. Cujo turns around on the porch to face her and she challenges him. After a prolonged, brutal struggle between the desperate mother and the relentless animal, Donna takes advantage of a momentary distraction and beats Cujo with a baseball bat several times until the bat breaks off, leaving only a jagged handle. The dog jumps at her, only to land on the broken handle, impaling him. The dog stops moving, apparently dead. Donna pushes the dog off and uses the sheriff's revolver to break open the back window and retrieve Tad, as Cujo had broken all of the handles. Reaching the house, Donna revives her son, who had passed out due to the extreme heat and dehydration. Without warning, Cujo bursts through the kitchen window and uses the last of his strength to try to kill the two. Before he can attack, though, Donna pulls out the Sheriff's pistol and shoots Cujo at point-blank range, killing him instantly. Vic, arriving at the Camber home, sees the Pinto and the Sheriff's car, but no signs of Donna or Tad. Beginning to panic, he calls out for Donna, who joins her husband outside, carrying Tad, and the credits begin to roll.
tt0101889
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Jack Lucas (Jeff Bridges), a cynical, arrogant shock jock talk radio host, becomes suicidally despondent after his insensitive on-air comments inadvertently prompt a depressed caller to commit multiple murders at a popular Manhattan bar. Three years later, while heavily intoxicated and depressed, he attempts suicide. Before he can do so, he is mistaken for a homeless person and is attacked and nearly set on fire by ruffians. He is rescued by Parry (Robin Williams), a deluded homeless man who is on a mission to find the Holy Grail, and tries to convince Jack to help him. Jack is initially reluctant, but comes to feel responsible for Parry when he learns that the man's condition is a result of witnessing his wife's horrific murder at the hands of Jack's psychotic caller. Parry is also continually haunted by a hallucinatory Red Knight, who terrifies him whenever he shows any confidence. Jack learns that Parry had slipped into a catatonic state following his wife's death and had remained there for a few years. When he emerged he seemed obsessed with the tale of the legend of the Fisher King, a form of which Parry recounts to Jack. The legend varies, but all iterations possess three elements: the Fisher King was charged by God with guarding the Holy Grail, but later incurred some form of incapacitating physical punishment for his sin of pride, and had to wait for someone to deliver him from his suffering. A simpleminded knight named Percival, referred to in the movie as "The Fool", healed the wounds with kindness to the king, asking him why he suffers and giving him a cup of water to drink. The king realizes the cup is the grail and is baffled that the boy found it, as demonstrated in the closing exchange: "I've sent my brightest and bravest men to search for this. How did you find it?" The Fool laughed and said "I don't know. I only knew that you were thirsty." Echoes of the legend recur throughout the film, but in a continually shifting manner, so that it sometimes appears that Lucas is Percival to Parry's Fisher King, sometimes vice versa, and sometimes that one or the other is re-enacting part of the story with another character (most obviously in Parry's self-assigned quest to obtain the Grail from the man he believes is its guardian). Jack seeks to redeem himself and help Parry find the Grail and find love again. Jack sets Parry up with a woman Parry has been smitten with from afar, Lydia, a shy woman who works as an accountant for a Manhattan publishing house. Jack successfully introduces them to each other and sets up an equally successful dinner date (Jack and his strong-willed girlfriend, Anne, join them). Following dinner, Parry declares his love for Lydia but is once again haunted by the Red Knight. Parry tries to escape his hallucinatory tormentor but is attacked by the very thugs from whom he had earlier rescued Jack. The beating is not fatal but causes Parry to become catatonic again. Jack promises to find the Grail for Parry. He infiltrates the Upper East Side castle of a famous architect and retrieves the "Grail", a simple trophy. When he brings it to Parry, the catatonia is broken and Parry regains consciousness. While he and Jack lead the patients of the mental ward in a rousing rendition of "How About You?", Parry is reunited with Lydia and Jack (who had earlier broken up with Anne for dubious reasons) reunites with his love as well. ===================== The story opens in a radio broadcast studio where arrogant and cynical "shock jock" Jack Lucas talks to a caller about the banality of the social scene in New York City (where his show is broadcast). The caller tells Jack about a bad date he'd had recently, sounding quite despondent over being rejected by a woman. Jack tells him, in a largely dismissive tone, that social status dictates that the caller will never be successful if he tries to enter this woman's more aristocratic social circle. Jack's show ends for the day and he returns to his lush penthouse where quarrels briefly with his girlfriend (whom leaves) and admires himself, repeating his tagline ("FORGIVE me!!). Jack turns on the news and finds out that the despondent man he'd been talking to had killed several people in a popular Manhattan restaurant with a shotgun. Jack is devastated, blaming himself for the man's breakdown. Three years later Jack is off the radio & morbidly depressed, living with a woman, Anne, who owns a video store downstairs from her apartment. Jack drinks heavily and works part-time for Anne. When Jack offends a chatty customer, Anne tells him to go back to her apartment and get some rest. That night, Jack, while watching a television show he's produced based on his radio experiences, insults Anne, saying that he's only lived with her for sex. Anne storms off and Jack leaves the apartment, taking a bottle with him. Mistaken for a bum on the street, a small child gives him a wooden Pinocchio doll. Jack ends up near the Manhattan Bridge at the East River, feeling suicidal with cinder blocks tied to his ankles. While he prepares himself to jump in the water, he's attacked by two young men who believe he's a vagrant; they beat him severely, douse him with gasoline and intend to burn him alive. Just as they light a match, they are attacked by another bum who speaks much like a medieval knight and wields a non-lethal bow and arrow. Several other bums join him and sing "How About You?" and Jack's would-be killers are quickly outnumbered and defeated. One of the killers is captured and tied up by the vagrants' leader and left to be victimized by anyone who comes along. Jack is initially terrified of the leader, who is suddenly kind and takes him to a safe area under a bridge, populated by more homeless men. Jack spends an hallucinatory night with them, even impressing them all when his coat briefly catches fire, causing him to dance around in a panic. The man takes Jack back to his home, the maintenance room in the basement of an apartment building. The man tells Jack his name is Parry and that he's a knight on a sacred quest; Perry believes the Holy Grail is in the home of a prominent architect living in a castle-like building on the Upper East Side. Parry also hints that he is often visited by the "little people", hallucinations that advise him on the quest. Parry, however, is terrified of the Red Knight, a large, monstrous enemy that rides a black horse and breathes fire. Jack also notices that Parry has a small shrine dedicated to a young woman to whom he's infatuated, however, Parry yanks him away from the shrine when he discovers him there. Parry believes that Jack has been sent to aide him in his quest. Jack tells Parry openly that he's crazy and leaves. As he walks out he meets the building manager who at first thinks Parry has invited someone to live with him. The manager tells Jack that Parry used to live in an apartment in the building a few years ago before his wife was murdered. The manager goes on to say that Parry's wife was killed in the same tragic restaurant shooting incident that Jack believed he caused. Jack goes back to Anne's apartment, finding her distraught at his disappearance but happy to see him alive. He explains what happened the previous night and how he was attacked. Jack realizes that much or all of his depressive state can be relieved if he helps Parry. He asks Anne about the Holy Grail and she pontificates on the nature of good and evil and God and the Devil. The two of them have sex. Later, Jack tells Anne that he feels he's cursed because of the trouble he believes he caused Parry and she tries to comfort him. Jack revisits Parry's home and is met by the manager who tells Jack more about Parry: his real name is Henry Sagan and he was a professor of medieval studies at Hunter College. After his wife was killed, he fell into a catatonic state and lived in an asylum on Staten Island. One day he simply awoke from his catatonia and became Parry. He was taken back to his old apartment building where the manager allowed him to live in the basement. The manager also tells Jack that Henry was deeply in love with his wife. Jack finds Parry in the Midtown area of Manhattan, sitting atop a parked car, oblivious to the alarm blaring. Jack offers Parry money for compensation, however, Parry gives it to another homeless man. Jack is angry, but Parry grabs him, pulling him behind a column. A woman, Lydia, has emerged from the skyscraper, the same woman that Parry had built the shrine to in his home. She is at once clumsy and awkward, finding it difficult to negotiate her way past people and through the building's revolving door. Parry and Jack follow her to a Chinese restaurant where they watch her through the window. Later, she stops at a news stand, where she buys a new novel, a habit that Parry has noticed; she buys a new book every few days. After she returns to work, Parry tells Jack that he's "deeply smitten" with her but lacks the self-confidence to approach her. Just then Parry's nemesis, the Red Knight, appears. Jack cannot see the monster; it is a hallucinatory manifestation of Parry's own fear that only he can see. However, Parry yells that the Red Knight is uncharacteristically afraid of Jack and drags Jack along on the chase. They race through Central Park until Jack, lagging behind, finds Parry sitting on a rock. Parry tells Jack that their combined effort has frightened the Red Knight off. The pair hear screaming and happen across another homeless man who had buried himself in the dirt of a horse trail in the park, hoping that riders will trample him. Jack and Parry take him to a homeless shelter where Jack comforts the man while Parry tries to stir the other patients into song. Jack talks briefly with the man they rescued who tells him he's a cabaret singer and a veteran who watched all his friends die. Later, back in Central Park on the Great Lawn, Jack lays on the grass with Parry next to him. Parry is nude, unafraid of the danger in the park at night, and gazes at the clouds and stars and tells Jack the story of the Fisher King, who once possessed the Holy Grail but lost it, grew old and became depressed. The king was saved by a passing fool who gives him a drink of water; the cup he uses is the Grail itself and the king is revived. Parry says he has a vague memory of a lecture he gave on the story as a professor before his mental breakdown. Jack suggests that Parry needs to be introduced to Lydia and says he'll help him. Jack returns to Anne's place and formulates a plan to have Parry meet Lydia socially. He poses as a contest official and tells Lydia she's won a free membership at Anne's store. Lydia is not so easily fooled and hangs up on Jack. Jack sends the cabaret singer to Lydia's office; the man does a flamboyant musical number informing Lydia she won the membership. Lydia shows up at the video store. Parry is there too, posing as an employee. Lydia's membership is squared away and Parry helps her find a few movies to rent. She doesn't find any she'd like but notices that Anne has a fancy manicure. Anne tells her that she does her nails herself and she'll do Lydia's for a reasonable fee. Lydia agrees and Anne invites her to her apartment that night. Jack will meet them there later with Parry and they'll all go to dinner. Jack gives Parry his wallet to pay for dinner. Anne and Lydia talk about Lydia's need for self-confidence. Jack helps Parry clean up for dinner. The four go to a Chinese restaurant where the plan to get Lydia and Parry together is successful. Jack and Anne go back to Anne's place and Parry escorts Lydia home. Lydia expresses many assumptions about Parry, believing that he'll stay with her one night and leave. Parry tells her that he's quite in love with her and promises to contact her again. As he leaves, Parry's abnormal fear hits him, he sees the Red Knight and runs screaming into the night. He ends up at the same spot where he found Jack when Jack attempted suicide. A few moments later, while Parry lies on the ground, twitching uncontrollably, the same two punks who tried to kill Jack find him - both are standing on either side of the Red Knight. The punks beat him severely. The next day Jack calls his old radio agent and tells him he'd like to get back on the air. Anne comes on to Jack, however, Jack asks to talk to her seriously; Jack thinks that he needs to break up with her because his career may once again take off. Anne is instantly furious and upset and argues with him. Just then, Jack receives a phone call from the police; they found Jack's wallet on Parry when he was brought to a hospital. At the hospital, Anne and Jack find out about the assault and that Parry has become catatonic again. Parry will be remanded to a mental hospital until he regains his mind. Jack settles quite easily back into his previous life as a radio host, however, his arrogance and insensitivity have mellowed greatly. He is also in talks to produce a television talk show. While in a meeting with a TV executive, Jack leaves unexpectedly and visits Parry, bringing him the Pinocchio doll he'd gotten from the child. Jack tells Parry that he knows Parry wants him to steal the "grail" from the castle on the Upper East Side, however, he also refuses to do it. Jack demands that Parry wake up, to no avail, and finally promises to undertake the dangerous mission. Using Parry's plans and notes, Jack makes use of a slingshot to carry a rope and anchor to a parapet and the high tower of the castle. He makes it inside and creeps down the long staircase. About halfway down, he sees the man who shot Parry's wife and recoils at the hallucination. Jack finds the castle's study and the Grail, which turns out to be a trophy given to a "Lanny Carmichael". Jack hears a noise behind him and finds Carmichael slumped in an easy chair by the fireplace, having taken an overdose of medication. Jack tries unsuccessfully to wake the man up, choosing instead to leave by the front door, tripping the security alarm. Jack once again visits Parry and gives him the cup. Exhausted, Jack slumps on Parry's bed and falls asleep. Some time later, Parry's fingers, holding the cup, begin to caress it. Parry wakes up and tells Jack that he really misses his wife. The next day, Lydia visits Parry and finds his bed empty. Parry and Jack are leading the other patients in a rousing rendition of "How About You?". Parry sees Lydia crying and hugs her, asking her why she looks so sad. Jack continues to lead the other patients in song. Jack goes to Anne's store and reconciles with her, admitting he loves her. She slaps him but accepts him back into her life. The story ends with Jack and Parry nude in Central Park, watching the clouds and laughing.
tt0111686
Fantasy,Horror,Mystery
Just as the first Nightmare film opened with the creation of Freddy's infamous glove, New Nightmare opens with the creation of an updated, more sinister and sleeker looking glove. As the maker of the claws appears to chop off his own hand in preparation for attaching the claws to his own wrist, the other people on the set wince, and the director, Wes Craven, encourages the effects specialists to pump more blood. Soon he yells, "Cut! Print that Gretchen!" Heather Langenkamp, her husband, Chase, and their son, Dylan, are wandering around the set of the new Nightmare on Elm Street movie. Presently the claw, which was only a prop a minute ago, comes to life and starts maiming and killing the special effects crew. Dylan is now gone, and as the claw advances to attack Chase, Heather screams waking up in her own bed in her own house with Chase, during an earthquake in Los Angeles. After the earthquake dies down Chase has a couple of scratches, which are the very same as he had received in the dream. This causes Heather to wonder if they were sustained in the earthquake or during the dream. Heather reveals she has been receiving harassing phone calls from "someone who sounds an awful lot like Freddy", but they've stopped for the last couple weeks until now. Heather is a guest on a morning talk show the very same day, where they discuss the 10th anniversary of the "Nightmare" films. Also, as part of the talk show line-up, Robert Englund as himself tears through a screen dressed up as Freddy Krueger to surprise Heather, Heather is slightly disturbed by this. Producer Bob Shaye asks Heather to visit his office at New Line Cinema, and explains that Wes Craven is working on a script for the new and final "Nightmare" film. Heather is asked to reprise her role as main character "Nancy", but decides against it with her own recent nightmares, disturbing phone calls, and disgruntlement over her son's change in behavior. Bob explains that her husband Chase Porter is also working on the film and he is creating a scary new glove for Freddy, much to Heather's dismay. When she gets home, her son has an episode during which he warns her in a voice not of his own, "Never sleep again!" Worried, Heather asks Chase to come home, however Chase falls asleep at the wheel on the way and dies supposedly in a car crash. When Heather goes to identify the body, it seems to her that there may have been more than meets the eye to the "crash", as was made apparent by the claw-like marks on his chest. Dylan, now also grief stricken, continues acting even more strangely. She enlists Wes Craven's help for making sense of what's been happening. Craven explains that he does not know much more than she does. He dreams a scene or two each night and wakes up and writes them down. Craven goes on to tell her that in the script he's been writing, pure evil can be temporarily defeated if its essence is effectively captured in a work of art that is able to allow evil to express itself. Craven explains that the evil has taken the form of Freddy Krueger because it is a familiar one. "Freddy" sees her as the gatekeeper who holds Freddy at bay, since Heather's character Nancy defeated Freddy in the first movie who in turn eliminated Nancy in the third, but still couldn't be released. To Freddy it is Heather that gave the character of Nancy her fortitude. Freddy is attacking her at her weakest points, trying to break her down before confronting her, prompting her to leave just as confused as when she arrived. After a short sleep in Dylan's room, Heather wakes to discover Dylan is gone, she goes downstairs and finds Dylan in another episode. Heather finally takes Dylan to the hospital, there a doctor asks if Dylan said anything during his trance, Heather says "No" but the doctor later gets it out of her that Dylan has been doing Freddy-like actions and singing Freddy's theme. Later, Julie (Dylan's babysitter) shows up at the hospital and tells Heather she had a nightmare about him. Soon, two nurses want to sedate Dylan, but Julie had been instructed by Heather to not let Dylan fall asleep while she goes home to get Rex. Julie ends up punching a nurse and threatening another with a needle (cameo appearance by Wes Craven's daughter), and locks the door. Meanwhile, Heather tried to leave but had been stopped by security guards to be questioned by the doctor, the doctor suspects Heather is insane, and tries to get her to agree to foster care. Next, Dylan drifts to sleep, Freddy appears in the locked hospital room and brutally slays Julie.(ironically in the same fashion as Tina Gray in the first film) The nurses unlock the doors, and discover the murder in progress. They run, but Heather is concerned where Dylan went, the doctor realizes Heather is right. Heather soon remembers home, (previously she comforted Dylan by telling him their home is right across the freeway from the hospital). She discovers a giant Freddy dangling Dylan from above traffic. She arrives home and finds Dylan, but Freddy begins to manipulate the world around her, causing her to become Nancy and her house to become the house on Elm Street. By forcing Heather to accept the role he wants her to play, Freddy rises out from Dylan's bed and is fully in the real world. Heather runs inside and into Dylan's room only to find him gone, and the toy dinosaur Dylan believed was protecting him totally eviscerated by Freddy. Heather takes sleeping pills to join in on a lucid dream, final showdown with Freddy to save an already captured Dylan. It occurs in a hot, steamy and water-logged dreamscape ruin, apparently Freddy's home turf. Dylan finds Heather, only for them both to be attacked by Freddy, Heather is knocked out, Dylan is left in a state of defenselessness. Freddy lures Dylan into a trap and tries to attack him vigorously, Heather discovers the battle and fights off Freddy, but Freddy makes his tongue extend and wrap around her face. Dylan gets out of the trap to save Heather by taking a large kitchen knife that she brought in with her, stabbing Freddy's tongue and making it go back to its previous size. The two succeed in killing Freddy, by locking him in a lit furnace where upon catching on fire, (in a Hansel and Gretel-like ending) his true visage is shown amidst a fiery blast, all the while Dylan & Heather flee said inferno, escaping back to reality, where they find the script of the film Craven has been working on, waiting for them. Dylan asks his mother to read some of it to him, which she does: "We open on an old wooden bench. There's fire and tools, and a man's grimy hands building what's soon revealed as a gleaming set of claws. And the claws are moving now as if awakening from a long and unwanted sleep...."
tt0104779
Drama,Romance,Thriller
Nigel Dobson (Hugh Grant) and his wife Fiona (Kristn Scott Thomas) are a perfectly respectable British couple with nuances of gentlemanly life. They are on a cruise during their honeymoon heading for India. They meet an extremely sensual young woman of French origin called Mimi (Emmanuelle Seigner), extremeley flamboyant and Paris-cosmopolitan, and by means of her they come to meet American wanna-be author Oscar (Peter Coyote), a disabled man in a wheelchair. Oscar starts telling their love story to Nigel and Fiona. The latter finds it gruesome and unsettling, and doesn't want to know how it ends, but Nigel will become completely obsessed with the love-hate story of Mimi and Oscar. Oscar finds in Mimi, a student dancer, a willing partner for his almost hardcore sexual games, ever pushing their boundaries together. She is completely enraptured by him, and bows to his every whim. However, without any furthr reason that his caprice, he gets bored out of his wits about her. He is rude and wicked to her, and tells her that he'd rather she left him for good. Mimi packs her things, and is about to leave him forever. She has opened the door to the condo where they have been living together, but re-enters the flat again. She wants to stay no matter what. Life will be hell for Mimi from that moment on. He becomes really abusive towards her, and she puts up with everything. Their sexual antics become sadistic, full of anger and twisted mentality. I agree with some other reviewers into saying that Mimi becames a mere shadow of her former self. She has stayed with him, but life becomes a nightmare. She mus quit all her life and interests in order to pursue her obsesive love for him. She has to do things she doesn't really want to because if not, Oscar will sent her packing for good, and she knows this time there won't be a second chance. Finally, she becomes pregnant, and that's a door for her to lead a normal couple life with Oscar. They agree to leave France together and keep the child. However, Oscar's behaviour is selfish and rotten once more. He pretends to follow-suit her, but when they are both on the plane to Martinique, he leaves the plane with some dumb excuse. Mimi is completely distraught, and the audience will come to know what she did afterwards. She had an abbortion performed by some doctor who butchered her, and had to surpass a terrible infection on her own. The surgery and its consequences have left her uncapable of getting pregnant again, and that comes to a shock to her as well. Meanwhile, Oscar returns to his happy life: he goes to parties, gets drunk, and has sexual relations with all sorts of women. He doesn't seem to write much. Once, he is so drunk that he suffers a car accident which will leave him crippled for life. Mimi returns to Paris because, after all, her traumatic experiences have not made her to forget him. She won't forgive him, but the audience will come to know how much she loves him in spite of it all. She has become frustrated, angry, and wants revenge for everything Oscar has made he go through despite her love. She takes care of him, but in a twisted and cruel way. She doesn't allow him to talk to any of her former lovers, or go out of home without her. One of the prevert things she did is to hold a long conversation leavin Oscar in the full-of-water bath. While she's talking gayly, the water gets colder and colder, so Oscar has to leave the bathroom crawling like a worm. Mimi sees this with a half-smile onto her lips, and keeps on chatting as though without a care in the world. On another occassion, she gives him a present: a gun with a single bullet so that he can commit suicide. Coming back to the crouse, Fiona gets utterly fed-up of Nigel. She is afraid that he wants to have sex with Mimi, because she's constantly flirting with and giving hints to him. She tells him that she can do anything better than him, so she starts flirting with Dado (Luca Vellani) during Oscar's story sessions. Nigel looks for Fiona, and to his surprise, she finds her in bed after having made love with Mimi. Oscar had watched them while having sex. Both women are sleeping in a hug, and he shoots Mimi. Fiona is woken up because to the noise, and Nigel and Fiona leave the cabin together, deeply traumatized because of everything they have witnessed.
tt0097737
Adventure,Horror,Mystery
In the near-future, the intercontinental corporation, Tri-Oceanic Corp., has hired a crew of undersea miners to do a 90-day mining operation on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean. The head of the corporation, Miss Martin (Meg Foster), hires Steven Beck (Peter Weller), a geologist, to assist in mining operations as well as command the undersea mining station. In addition to Beck, the eight-person crew consists of Dr. Glen 'Doc' Thompson (Richard Crenna) the research specialist and local physician; Elizabeth 'Willie' Williams (Amanda Pays), a female miner; Buzz 'Sixpack' Parrish (Daniel Stern) a brash miner; Justin Jones (Ernie Hudson) a good-natured miner; Tony 'DeJesus' Rodero (Michael Carmine) another miner and mechanic; Bridget Bowman (Lisa Eilbacher) a maintenance worker and computer expert; and G.P. Cobb (Hector Elizondo) an older miner and multi-task maintenance man. While outside their vessel in a pressure suit during a routine drilling, Sixpack trips and stumbles upon a wrecked cargo ship. Because he didn't respond to hails over his radio, Williams goes to look for him and finds him excited over "treasure." From Williams' video camera feeds, Dr. Thompson, sees that it is a Russian ship and identified the ship as the "Leviathan" from it's markings. When checking on records of Leviathan, the crew discover that it is still marked as an active ship on duty in the Baltic Sea. After Williams and Sixpack return from the wreck, the rest of the crew open a safe from The Leviathan that Sixpack took and find several crew records relating to deceased crew members, as well as a video tape from the captain of Leviathan. Among the materials, Sixpack finds a flask of Vodka. There being no alcohol on their underwater base, he hides this for his own use later. Bowman figures out Sixpack had hidden away the Vodka and persuades him to share it. That night, Dr. Thompson and Beck review the videotape of the Russian captain of Leviathan and believe his medical log was cryptic over the crew's poor health condition. The Russian captain describes his infirmary filled with sick crew members which the ship doctors tell him that it may be a "tropical infection" or "plague" infecting the ship and that "something's off" before the tape suddenly ends. They also look through the video images from Williams' camera of the Leviathan and noticed a large hole in the hull which was possibly hit by a torpedo. The following morning, Sixpack awakes feeling sick, with lesions throughout his back. The Doc Thompson is unable to offer any explanation for why Sixpack ended up like this. He asks the computer for an opinion, and it responds with a "guess", suggesting "genetic alteration." Sixpack dies eight hours after first feeling sick, but the doctor and Beck hide news of his death to avoid a panic amongst the crew. Dr. Thompson carries out routine medical checks to make sure no one else is sick, but doesn't have the chance to examine Bowman. While Beck and Dr. Thompson have a video conference with Ms. Martin (on the surface), Bowman has already began to feel the effects just like Sixpack. She becomes emotionally distraught when she begins losing hair. She accidentally stumbles upon Sixpack's corpse and witnesses it mutating right in front of her. Meanwhile, Beck and Dr. Thompson don't want to take risks and ask Martin to execute an emergency medical evacuation. Martin makes the excuse that the evacuation will happen, but there is a possible severe storm on the surface which will hamper efforts, and may delay things for another 12 hours. Dr. Thompson finds Bowman. Unable to cope with the idea of dying like Sixpack, she has committed suicide by slitting her wrists in the shower. Her body is taken to sickbay, where Beck and Thompson find Sixpack's body mutating. They decide to dump both bodies without the crew's knowledge. As they are about to "flush" the bodies, the crew try to open the bag as they see the mutating corpses writhing through the body bag, and believe someone was alive inside. The creature that is forming inside attacks and claws Cobb before they succeed in ejecting the body. The surviving crew are finally informed of what has happened and realize that the Leviathan (ship) was experimenting with mutagens to the unknown crew. Dr. Thompson speculates that Soviet Russian scientists tainted the crew's vodka with live mutagen cells which made the crew members sick and mutated them into clones of a genetic undersea creature. The ship was scuttled when the experiment(s) went out of hand. Despite the bodies being flushed, a piece of Sixpack's mutating leg remains on board and continues to mutate into a lamprey/leech-like creature. This attacks Dejesus in the kitchen. Jones tried to get help, but the creature assimilates Dejesus and begins growing tentacles that randomly attack the crew. Cobb's injuries cause him to mutate as well and he infects Dr. Thompson. As his last act of free will, Thompson ejects the escape pods so that no one can escape whilst there is a potentially dangerous mutagen on board. Jones, Willie, and Beck are the only ones left and consult with Martin for emergency evacuation. Martin assures them that they won't be left behind, but that she cannot carry out the rescue yet because of the poor weather on the surface. The crew, suspicious, try accessing weather information through the computer, but it is blocked. Williams is smart enough to not ask the computer for a weather report, but a financial one from the company itself. They discover that the Tri-Oceanic Corp has already declared them dead, labeling it an accident. With the station suffering structural damage because of the creature, they decide to use their special dive suits as a means to escape, leaving the creature behind. The creature attacks them while they are escaping, but they make it to the surface where they are met by the coast guard. However, the mutant creature surfaces near them and attacks Jones. Jones stalls it at the cost of his life and Beck uses the opportunity to end the creature by throwing an explosive into its mouth. After they are hauled on-board a ship, the two survivors are greeted by Martin. Martin tells them she believed they would make it, smiling insincerely. Without breaking stride or pausing as he walks past her, Beck punches her in the face, knocking her out, for obvious reasons.
tt0097647
Action,Drama,Family
The movie begins with montages from the first Karate Kid movie, followed by the first scene in The Karate Kid II, where John Kreese (Martin Kove) is severely humiliated by Mr. Miyagi (Pat Morita) in front of all of Kreese's students. Cut to Kreese going into his dojo. A number of mail envelopes are on the floor, having been slid through the mail slot in the front door. He quickly throws them in the trash and stares reverently at a photo of his stint in the U.S. Army as its 1970-1972 karate champion, before going into his office in the dojo. Ever since his humiliation at Mr. Miyagi's hands, all of Kreese's students have left him and the Cobra Kai. His dojo has been completely empty for several months now, leaving him with no income and now broke. All of his assorted creditors are beginning to harass him for payment on now-long overdue bills. The organizers of the All-Valley tournament that Daniel (Ralph Macchio) won is dropping the Cobra Kai from its membership rolls due to non-payment of dues. As he listens to a recording on his answering machine of his prone provider threatening to disconnect him, he picks up a newspaper clipping article devoted to Daniel's victory in the tournament and crumples it in his hands. Broke, hungry and alone, Kreese goes to the one friend he has left: Terry Silver (Thomas Ian Griffith), an army buddy whose life was saved by Kreese several times, and the founder of the Kobra Kai, now a shady and very wealthy businessman dealing with nuclear energy. Kreese goes to hand Silver the dojo keys, saying he is going away, saying good-bye, and will pay him the back rent soon as he finds a new line of work, as he has had no students for nine months. Silver declines, getting Krese to tell him the story of his troubles, and promising to take care of him. Silver learns the story of Daniel and Miyagi and promises to help Kreese make things right. First, he is sending Kreese for some R&R time in Tahiti. Then he's going to formulate a plan to make sure Daniel and Miyagi have to pay for humiliating Kreese. They exchange military salutes before Silver drives off, after dropping Kreese off at the airport. Kreese, walking toward his flight, closely misses passing by Daniel and Miyagi as they are returning from Okinawa (the setting of The Karate Kid II); he does not notice them coming out of their flight, nor do they notice him. Daniel's mother, Lucille (Randee Heller) was supposed to pick them up at the airport, but Daniel told her they were coming in on the following day, mischievously saying that she loves surprises. Arriving via taxicab back at the site of Daniel's apartment, Daniel and Miyagi find that the building has been sold by the landlord, and the new owner has evicted everyone and torn it down to build a spa. Miyagi is now out of a job and Daniel and his mother are homeless. The neighbor who informs them of this, tells Daniel that Lucille asked for Daniel to call her collect at the home of Lucille's uncle, Louie, with whom she is now staying. Miyagi speaks to Lucille on the phone and assures her that he is happy to put Daniel up at his home for a while. Uncle Louie has emphysema and Lucille will need to stay with him a while to take care of him. Lucille sighs with relief and gratitude at Miyagi's kind charity. Daniel talks to his mother and tells her (to her great thrill) that college registration is in just a few days. Unfortunately, Kumiko (the Okinawan girl with whom Daniel was involved in The Karate Kid II) will not be coming to America to be with Daniel, though the reason why is very fortuitous-- she was offered a good job with a prestigious Tokyo dance company and couldn't turn it down. Helping Mr. Miyagi about the house, Daniel finds that Miyagi is emotional about having to give up his prized bonsai trees, as without a job he can no longer take care of them. Daniel suggests he open a store to sell the bonsai trees, and Miyagi admits he dreamt about it, for when he was able to retire. Needing to help his mentor who is now facing hardship, Daniel insists on helping Miyagi open a store-- a proposal Miyagi, of course, is strongly opposed to because Daniel would be using the money set aside for his attending college. To Miyagi, Daniel's college education is far too important to sacrifice. But Daniel disagrees, and secretly takes a cab to a local realtor, holding a classified section of a local newspaper in his hand. Silver is on the phone with Kreese, discussing their plan of revenge. Silver plots to have Daniel intimidated into leaving Miyagi and going to Silver to train him to defend his championship in the karate tournament, where Silver would get Daniel overconfident and thinking he couldn't be beaten-- setting him up for a major fall. He assures Kreese he can get Daniel to participate in the tournament. Silver has bought a number of additional dojos for Kreese to run after he returns from Tahiti. Asked if there's anything else he needs, Kreese stares at his hand and asks Silver to make Daniel's knuckles bleed. As he prepares to be driven off to a social event, Silver speaks to his staff about what portion of his revenge plan he has chosen to share with him. This involves procuring a new wardrobe and vehicle for him that will make him look poor and humble, hiding his status as a wealthy entrepreneur. As he rides in his chauffeured limo, Silver browses through a karate magazine and finds exactly what he was looking for-- a young champion with a record of tournament victories and a ruthless attitude. The article calls him 'karate's bad boy-- Mike Barnes' (Sean Kanan). Daniel is arriving back at Miyagi's home, where Miyagi has just finished preparing supper... and he tells Miyagi exactly what the elderly mentor does not want to hear; instead of registering for college, he used the tuition money to pay for a lease on an available store for Miyagi to open a bonsai shop. Daniel insists that he wouldn't be able to finish college if he was taking courses there just for the sake of continuing his education-- he needs the break from schooling and the store's success can then put him through college once he's ready to go. Gushing with excitement, Daniel drives Miyagi (without them eating supper) to the empty store lot he's leased. The store is run-down but Daniel isn't worried; it's opportunity knocking. He even points out a pottery shop right across the street where they can strike a deal for planters. Miyagi is less enthused than Daniel about the opening of the shop, but seeing that this time, he cannot budge Daniel, consents-- on the condition that Daniel is his full partner in the shop instead of his employee. Silver is sitting in a bath, giving dictation for letters to his secretary, when he's told that Mike Barnes has arrived as per his invitation. Silver introduces Barnes to two young neighborhood toughs named Snake (Jonathan Avildsen) and Dennis (William Christopher Ford) who Silver has hired to assist Barnes with everything he'll need. Barnes will live and train on Silver's property, and if he achieves the goal of beating Daniel in the All-Valley tournament, he'll receive 25% ownership in the new chain of Kobra Kai dojos Silver has opened. Barnes states that he wants 50% ownership, making him a full partner. Silver finds this a little too ambitious and offers 35%. Barnes thanks Silver for the hospitality and starts to leave. Impressed at the young man's moxie, Silver gives in-- Barnes will be a fully equal, 50% owner. Miyagi and Daniel are gathering a wild sapling to cultivate as a bonsai, and Miyagi explains the significance of a bonsai tree's strong roots-- something it has in common with Daniel's inner heart and spirit, where his karate comes from-- only the root of it came from Miyagi himself, and that root allowed Daniel's spirit to grow and flourish. Daniel is puzzled, as Bonsai are cultivated with wires and clippers, but Miyagi says that 'true' bonsai grow wild without any aid from caretakers. Miyagi has seen them in his homeland in Okinawa. In America, he's only seen one-- the one personal treasure he brought from his homeland... which he's planted in a nearby gorge called Devil's Cauldron. Finding a peaceful, secluded spot on a hill, Miyagi begins to teach Daniel a kata, or form, practiced by members of Miyagi's family. As they practice, the camera pans away to show Devil's Cauldron. The next day, Daniel and Miyagi are working in the shop, getting it ready for opening. As they prepare one of the bonsai trees Miyagi has been caring for, Daniel tells him about a letter from the All-Valley Tournament announcing a change in the rules-- as the defending champion, Daniel would only need to compete in the final match; he gets a free bye through all the preliminary and quarter/semi-final rounds. But despite this, Miyagi is unwilling to sponsor Daniel to defend his championship in the tournament. He had done it the previous year in order to help him escape the bullying and harassment he had undergone at the hands of Kreese's students. Now that Kreese was no longer a problem for them, the tournament had no more meaning to them-- karate, to Miyagi, is worthless when used as a sport. Daniel goes to the pottery shop across the street to buy a pot for the bonsai tree. Working at the shop, molding a pot out of clay, is an attractive young red-haired woman named Jessica Andrews (Robyn Lively). Daniel tells her a little bit about the shop he and Miyagi are opening, which stirs Jessica's interest, as she loves bonsai trees. Daniel shows her the size and shape of pots he's looking to buy and arranges for Jessica to make embossments of a bonsai tree on a few of them as a trademark of the shop. As he leaves, he says, 'see you soon,' and Jessica asks, 'how soon?' showing she is interested in him. Taking the offered bone, he sets up a date with Jessica for that night at 7 pm. As Daniel returns to the shop, Miyagi hands him back the application for the All-Valley karate tournament, but Daniel is confused when he sees it is unsigned. Miyagi tells Daniel that the answer lives inside of him-- and he can get rid of his confusion very easily by discarding the application. That evening, as Daniel gets ready for his date with Jessica, Silver sneaks into the home and goes through Miyagi's box containing his war memorabilia. Finding that Miyagi served with the 442nd division in the Army, Silver smiles in satisfaction. He sees Miyagi's medal of valor on the wall, and then happens to spot a flier on the ground advertising the opening of the bonsai shop. Just then Daniel is approaching the room just as Miyagi is arriving home from the other side. As Miyagi picks up a buddha statue to put in the store for good luck, Daniel shows him the All-Valley tournament application and burns it, much to Miyagi's gratitude and satisfaction. After they leave, coughing is heard, and Silver's feet come down out of the chimney, where he had hid to escape notice from both Daniel and Miyagi. Daniel picks up Jessica and she starts to explain that she is in the process of reconciling with a boyfriend she'd broken up with, and was going to see him again when she went back home to Columbus, Ohio for Thanksgiving. She's apologetic for coming on strong, because she'd been in L.A. for two months and has no real friends. Taking the news much better than Jessica had hoped, Daniel says he'll be her first friend in L.A. and offers to bring her to the bonsai store to meet Mr. Miyagi. After making the introductions and Miyagi starts heading home, Daniel brings Jessica inside the store to show her around, and the work they've done on it so far. Jessica is interested when Daniel tells her that Miyagi has been teaching him karate; even more so when Daniel shows how Miyagi can make lessons out of the most seemingly disconnected tasks. He has Jessica do the hand motions she used when she was molding a ceramic pot, and shows how she can use those motions to defend against a mugger. But just then, worse trouble than a mere mugger invites itself into the shop... Snake and Barnes. They've found out that Daniel has chosen not to enter the All-Valley tournament and are here to see that he changes his mind-- Barnes' financial future is riding on facing Daniel for the championship. They have brought a new application for Daniel to sign. When he refuses, Barnes is ready to fight him then and there, but Snakes pulls him back, suggesting they let Daniel 'sleep on it.' The next morning, Daniel and Miyagi are practicing the kata on the lawn. Silver arrives on the property, putting the next phase of his plan into action. He is dressed in very ordinary-looking street clothes, making him look like a simple and humble man. He approaches Miyagi and bows respectfully, introducing himself and saying who his teacher was, and that John Kreese was the teacher's number one student. Silver says that word only reached he and his teacher in Korea two months ago about what happened the previous year at the All-Valley tournament; the trouble Kreese created, and both Silver himself and his teacher are remorseful about it. Silver says he came back to America to help Kreese 'regain balance,' but arrived too late-- Kreese, as Silver tells them, has died of a broken heart after losing all his students. Silver explains that Kreese was once an honorable man and a war hero who saved Silver's life many times during Vietnam-- a point Miyagi understands all too well. Silver feigns being impressed to hear that Miyagi was in the 442nd Army Division. He also gives a humble bow and apology to Daniel over what Kreese had put him through, and suddenly excuses himself, apologizing for interrupting their training. But Miyagi and Daniel both give him a parting expression of condolences on Kreese's death. Later that evening Daniel is doing more work around the shop when Jessica arrives-- she was supposed to have dinner with her aunt, who owns the pottery shop, but the aunt had to cancel out, so Jessica brought over the macaroni and cheese to share with Daniel. As they sit down to eat, Jessica shows Daniel one of the pots she's finished with the embossment. Daniel, in turn, gives Jessica some tickets to a local dance club for her last night in L.A. before she returns home. A dance of a different kind, however, is on the horizon as Barnes arrives with Snake and Dennis to harass Daniel about signing the entry form for the All-Valley tournament. To help deal with Daniel's 'obstinance,' they start to trash the shop. Dennis pushes Daniel, who pushes back. Dennis throws a punch, and Daniel uses his skills to defend himself and defeat Dennis. Snake starts to lunge at Daniel, but Jessica picks up the ceramic pot and jams it into Snake, knocking him down. As Snake falls, Jessica finds that she is right in back of Barnes-- and he is looking over his shoulder right at her. Barnes knows just what button to push-- he kicks Jessica in her belly with a scoop kick and doubles her over. Daniel and Barnes clash, and Barnes quickly gains the upper hand. Miyagi arrives to fend Barnes and his henchmen off. They hurry out of the store back into their car, shouting that they've just begun their 'persuasion.' Daniel, Miyagi and Jessica watch them drive off; Jessica still holding her stomach in pain, which sets Daniel's blood boiling. As he drives himself and Daniel back home, Miyagi tries to soothe Daniel's nerves by singing, and saying that they were fortunate that the bonsai tree was back at home, safe from the trashing of the shop. Unfortunately Daniel is very badly worked up and Miyagi's efforts do very little to calm him down. And even Miyagi himself is not in much more mood for further singing when they arrive home-- the bonsai trees are missing, and in their place on the workbench is an entry form for the tournament. Daniel completely loses his patience when Miyagi chooses to go fishing rather than let himself lose control as Daniel himself has. Daniel gets back into the car to report the robbery to the police. Without the stock of trees, Daniel and Miyagi have nothing to sell. And the police literally laughed Daniel off when he went to them looking to press charges against Barnes for the robbery; Daniel too upset to understand that he doesn't have a whit of solid proof that Barnes was behind it. Desperate, he goes with Jessica to Devil's cauldron without Miyagi's knowledge, to retrieve the wild bonsai tree, which Miyagi had said was worth a lot of money. Scanning the gorge with his binoculars, Daniel locates the site where Miyagi planted the tree. Jessica, skilled in rappelling, knows how to help Daniel get down the gorge so they can retrieve it. The rappel down the cliff proves more formidable than Jessica had anticipated. Daniel loses his footing and she scrambles to steady him. Then, just as Daniel has unearthed the wild bonsai and is starting to carefully pack it away, Jessica loses her own footing and almost falls. The tree drops down onto the rocks at the bottom. Both Daniel and Jessica must rush to retrieve it before the salt water from the tide soaks into the tree and kills it. They rinse it thoroughly with clean water from a canteen before re-packing it. That's when they notice the ropes are being pulled up the cliff. Sure enough, Barnes, snake and Dennis have found them again. They toss down a bundled-up application form for the All-Valley Tournament. If Daniel doesn't sign it, they will simply leave, and the three of them all know that the tide will come into the gorge starting in twelve minutes. Daniel and Jessica would drown and Barnes would never be suspected. Enraged, Daniel signs the form and says that if Barnes wants it, he has to pull Daniel and Jessica up. But Barnes, Snake and Dennis only pull them up to just shy of the cliff face before making him hand over the form to examine it and see that there was no trickery. Each time Daniel becomes obstinate, they let Jessica slide down several feet, threatening to drop her. Once the form is handed over, suddenly the "price" goes up. Now they want the wild tree. Again they threaten to drop Jessica until Daniel does as is demanded. Then, to his horror, Barnes takes hold of the tree's trunk and snaps it apart lengthwise like breaking a wishbone. Daniel is sick with misery as he arrives back a the bonsai shop during a pouring thunderstorm with the broken tree in tow. Miyagi tends to the tree very carefully as Daniel pleads for forgiveness. Miyagi doesn't know if the tree will recover-- he says it depends on how strong the roots are. Later, Daniel is training on the lawn when Silver puts the next phase of his plan into action. Barnes arrives to harass him over calling the cops. He tries to pick another fight when Silver arrives, ordering him to back down. Barnes and Silver stage a mock battle where Silver easily handles Barnes and chases him off. Silver mentions to Daniel that he's re-opening the Cobra Kai dojos so that the school can make up for its past misdeeds. He good-naturedly offers to teach Daniel a couple of moves and shows him a front leg sweep. He says that if Daniel ever needs it, he can approach Silver to help with training. Daniel hurries to the bonsai shop where Jessica is showing Miyagi a number of pots she's finished with the tree embossment. Daniel asks Miyagi to show him 'how to sweep.' He doesn't need any training for the tournament, just to be shown this one thing. Miyagi, of course, knows better. He gives Daniel the pot and excuses himself, saying he will be right back. He then comes out wiht a broom, 'explaining' how to use it in sweeping. Jessica giggles appreciatively at Miyagi's wit, but Daniel gets very upset, thinking Miyagi is making fun of him, and drives off in a huff. Daniel goes to the Cobra Kai dojo to take Silver up on his offer. Covertly covering himself by inquiring how Miyagi feels about it and being assured that Miyagi neither knows nor needs to know, Silver now puts the next phase of his plan into action. He begins to slowly and gradually get Daniel to vent his anger and frustration at being bullied by Barnes. He brings Daniel to a "training dummy" with two 2x4 boards for legs, and several other thick plans for the chest and head. He has Daniel practice sweeps on the legs until his foot is hurt. Silver shows how he easily breaks the boards and 2x4's, saying 'extreme situations require extreme measures.' As they finish for the night, Silver snickers to himself on noticing that Daniel is hobbling slightly on his hurt foot. Daniel hurries back to Miyagi's home, but Miyagi knows that something is going on. He takes an herbal powder and puts it into hot water so Daniel can soak his hurt foot, slyly suggesting that the next day, Daniel will 'remember' how he injured it. In the solitude of his own room, Miyagi looks at a photo of himself and Daniel when he first began training him, saying that Daniel has a lot of confusion in his soul, and Miyagi's own heart is empty without him. Daniel is back at the Cobra Kai dojo where Silver feigns impression at the bruise on Daniel's foot being healed. Silver asks what the last thing was that Daniel learned from Miyagi. Told that they were practicing kata, Silver says that kata is good-- for practice, but not winning a tournament. He has already explained that a man cannot fight if he can't stand. Now he goes to his second 'rule,' that a man has to breathe. He has Daniel focus on delivering forward elbow strikes to the thick heavy boards that make up the chest of the training dummy. Daniel is almost timid about hitting the boards because of how they had hurt him when he was sweeping the 'legs' of the dummy. Silver simply turns the boards for the "head" around where a poster of Barnes has been pasted, slyly suggesting that Barnes is the training dummy. Feigning exasperation at Daniel seemingly being afraid of some pain, he walks away, but then hides behind a wall and listens, snickering quietly again as Daniel begins hitting the boards more aggressively. That night, Daniel sneaks into Miyagi's room and retrieves the herbal powder to soak his elbow. Miyagi's left eye cracks slightly open to show that he was aware of Daniel's actions. Miyagi knocks at Daniel's door panel to ask why Daniel is doing what he's doing to himself. Trying to hide everything and getting exasperated at himself as much as anyone else, Daniel lays into Miyagi, telling him off. Miyagi's face as he turns away, shows increasing sorrow. Daniel is doing kata at the Cobra Kai dojo when Silver arrives to continue training. His third rule is that a man can't fight if he can't see. A solid punch to the nose would leave an opponent down and out. He tricks Daniel into believing that it's "not his fault" if the opponent "ran into his fist" while lunging at him, then has him return to the training dummy. Goading Daniel about what Barnes has been doing and still wants to do to Daniel, he brings all of Daniel's anger to the surface until the young man punches the boards so hard, he lacerates his knuckles, leaving a blood stain on the poster of Barnes pasted over the head-boards of the dummy. Having fulfilled this promise he made to Kreese, Silver then baits Daniel one last time. Daniel, powered by his anger, sweeps through the 2x4 legs, shatters the chest-boards with his elbow and then punches through the head-board, just as Silver had done. Excited for entirely different reasons than Daniel, Silver celebrates Daniel's achievement with him, exchanging whoops and high-fives. Daniel takes Jessica to the dance club 'Downstairs' for her last night in LA. As they dance, a young man and woman are arguing bitterly and the woman storms out in a huff. Hiding behind a pillar so as not to be seen by Daniel, is Silver. Having overheard the argument, Silver carefully approaches the young man and offers him some money to pick a fight with Daniel a little later on. Presently, Jessica has danced long enough that she needs something to drink. She and Daniel are on their way to the refreshment bar when Silver 'bumps into them.' As Daniel is introducing Jessica to Silver, the young man makes his move as Silver had secretly arranged. He starts to come on to Jessica in a rude manner, brushing Daniel aside. Without hesitating, glaring at the young man, Daniel fires a karate punch that sends the young man to the floor with a broken nose. Almost immediately he is in disbelief at what he's done, listening to a horrified Jessica raise her voice at him. Silver quickly hurries Daniel away, out of the club, so as not to be nabbed by the club's security. As he spirits Daniel from the club, Silver congratulates him, saying he's reached the peak of what Silver has been teaching him. But Daniel is not happy with himself-- and hearing Silver talk, he's beginning to realize that what he's been learning from Silver has made him into a different person than what he had become while learning from Miyagi. Daniel goes to see Jessica to apologize for what happened at the club, trying to explain that it 'wasn't him' who she saw turn overly aggressive right before her eyes. When Jessica curtly tells him that she's only seeing him having more trouble keeping his temper, Daniel falls into complete misery, almost losing coherence as he tries to make sense of all that's been happening to him. Moved to compassion, Jessica tries to reassure him that although she was very unhappy at what he did at the club, she forgives him for it and is still his friend, and she knows Miyagi will be the same way-- he'd told her himself that he loves Daniel and has great faith in him. As hard as Daniel feels it will be, Jessica gently insists that once he goes to Miyagi to reconcile with him, and the young man whose nose he broke, everything else will fall into place. At the bonsai shop, Daniel is frustrated trying to get the local hospital staff to put him in contact with the young man he attacked; as he broke the young man'se nose and is positive that the man is at the hospital being treated. He snaps at the reception nurse, who hangs up on him. Miyagi goes up to him, looking to show him something that will help return some balance to Daniel's life. The wild bonsai tree is budding again. It is recovering well from the abuse at Barnes' hands and will once again thrive and be beautiful. Miyagi says that this is because of the tree's strong root. Like the tree, Daniel also has a strong root from which he grows. Daniel calms down and understands that the first thing he has to do to receive forgiveness, is to forgive himself. The next step, he knows, is that he must go to Silver and explain that he can no longer train with him. Daniel feels he must do this right away, and promises Miyagi that he won't be gone long. But as Daniel leaves, Miyagi is seen looking after him with a very worried expression. Daniel goes to the dojo to explain that he's grateful for all that Silver has taught him, but he cannot continue, and he is not going to compete at the All-Valley Tournament. The person who broke the young man's nose at the dance club was not the person Daniel truly is inside. He has come here in person to give Silver a proper goodbye, believing he owed Silver that much. Silver drops his charade at that point. His lessons weren't free and he's been busy making Daniel do things he didn't want to do, from the moment they met. Finally revealing his true colors, Silver shows Daniel that he is the one behind Mike Barnes-- and that John Kreese is very much alive and well, and that Silver's ultimate agenda was avenging Kreese. Daniel does not want to fight, so Silver is happy to use him as a punching bag. But Miyagi suspected trouble and had followed Daniel to the dojo, and shows up to protect Daniel. Even Silver is no match for Miyagi's skill. As Miyagi starts to hurry Daniel out of the dojo, Silver taunts the two with the news that he is going to open Cobra Kai dojos all over California and Daniel and Miyagi will only be a memory. Daniel asks if Miyagi will train him for the tournament now, and Miyagi says that now, he will. Once again, much more than a mere sport competition is on the line. Montages are shown of Daniel and Miyagi doing kata on the beach, as Barnes trains with Kreese and Silver, savaging a sparring partner. After the montages, we see Daniel and Miyagi descending into the Devil's Cauldron gorge to re-plant the wild bonsai. As they re-plant it, Miyagi repeats his lectures on Daniel having a strong root, just as the tree does-- the tree's root allows it to choose which way to grow. The day of the tournament arrives. Barnes destroys his last opponent to reach the finals and face Daniel for the championship. Before the final match, the announcer gives Silver the microphone to address the crowd. Silver has financed the tournament having a permanent new home, and he tells the crowd that he is re-opening the Cobra Kai dojos around California. Daniel and Miyagi listen with distaste as Silver preaches positive karate values that only they know, he has no belief in whatsoever. As they prepare for the final match against Daniel, Silver gives Barnes a run-down of the game plan. Barnes is to score a clean point, but then perform an illegal move with excessive contact, in order to lose the point to penalty. He will continue to score points and then lose them in the alloted time for the contest to ensure that the score is 0-0. When sudden death is called, Barnes will defeat Daniel once and for all, to show that the Cobra Kai is the dominant way. Barnes enjoys beating Daniel from pillar to post; gaining a point and then losing it, gaining another point and then losing it, finally just lacing into Daniel with roughhouse moves that score no points due to excessive contact without proper technique. As time runs out for the match, a one-minute rest period is called before sudden death. As sudden death is called, Daniel huddles on the floor, reluctant to get up to face Barnes again. As Miyagi goes to him, Daniel admits that he is afraid of Barnes and cannot face him any further. He nearly cries in misery and fear before Miyagi shouts to snap him out of it, forcing him to focus. Miyagi tells him that losing to an opponent is perfectly fine, but losing to fear is not. His best karate is still inside him-- it's time to let it out. At that moment, Barnes ruthlessly taunts Daniel, telling him that both he and Miyagi are nothing and will be quickly forgotten by everyone who comes to watch the tournament. This angers Daniel and makes him want to fight again... but as the referee goes through the preparatory steps to start sudden death, Daniel quickly remembers that anger will only make him fall right back into Silver's trap. As the referee signals for sudden death to begin, Daniel centers himself and begins to perform the kata. Barnes backs off, looking at Daniel in complete bewilderment. Silver, thinking Daniel has simply lost it, orders Barnes to score the final point and finish Daniel. Letting his anger bubble to the surface, Barnes charges in with a lunge punch meant to take Daniel down. But Daniel catches the punch and flips Barnes down to the ground, pulling a punch after Barnes falls, scoring a clean point himself to win the contest and successfully defend his championship. All of Silver's carefully orchestrated plans fall to ruin in that one brief second where the referee declares Daniel the second-time champion. Silver and Kreese storm off as the spectator crowd cheers wildly for Daniel. The movie ends with an overjoyed Daniel telling Miyagi to forget about bowing, and then giving his teacher and friend a hug.
tt0092106
Animation,Action,Adventure
Unicron, a mechanical planet that devours other worlds, approaches the planet Lithone. The mechanoid inhabitants on the planet watch helplessly in horror as their planet is destroyed and ingested by Unicron. Only one ship, with a sole passenger, Kranix, escapes the death of his world. Newly fueled thanks to the resources from Lithone, Unicron turns and heads towards its next prey: Cybertron. In the year 2005, the war between the Autobots and the Decepticons has culminated in the Decepticons conquering their homeworld Cybertron, while the Autobots operate from its two moons preparing a counter-offensive. Optimus Prime sends an Autobot shuttle on a fuel transport voyage to Autobot City on Earth. Thanks to recon data from Laserbeak, the Decepticons intercept the Autobot shuttle and kill most of the Autobots aboard. They sneak past the early warning systems that protect Earth and lead an attack on Autobot City. Many Autobots are killed during this battle. The Autobots inside Autobot City send a distress signal to the Autobot moon bases, hoping that reinforcements will arrive in time. Reinforcements arrive, led by Optimus Prime, who sends the Dinobots in first to stop the Constructicon giant, Devastator, while Optimus prepares to stop Megatron. Optimus Prime and Megatron square off against each other. Megatron is critically wounded in the fight. Optimus Prime dies, but not before passing the Matrix to city commander Ultra Magnus. The Decepticons flee Autobot City after Megatron and several other critical Decepticon warriors are injured or killed. As they travel back to Cybertron, Starscream takes this opportunity to throw Megatron and the wounded Decepticons into deep space to die. He then proceeds to take command of the Decepticons. As Megatron and his fallen minions helplessly drift through space, Unicron pulls them toward him. Unicron would rebuild Megatron and his troops, once Megatron would destroy the Autobot Matrix of Leadership, which has the power to destroy him. After haggling with Unicron, Megatron accepts and was reborn as Galvatron. Unicron places a pain inducing circuit in Megatron's brain, where it could not be removed to keep him under control. Skywarp, Thundercracker, and many Insecticon clones were formed into Cyclonus, Scourge, and the Sweeps. Galvatron arrives on Cybertron just in time to see Starscream being crowned leader of the Decepticons. Galvatron quickly dispatches the usurper to his throne and gains the servitude of all Decepticons present. Soon afterward, Unicron arrives to Cybertron and devours two of its moons and everyone inhabiting them. Galvatron leads another attack on Autobot City. This forces Ultra Magnus and several other Autobots, namely Arcee, Springer, Blurr, Perceptor, Hot Rod, Kup and the Dinobots to lead the Decepticons away in two shuttles. Hot Rod, Kup and the Dinobots are shot down and crash on Quintessa. Ultra Magnus fools Galvatron into thinking that he had destroyed the Matrix, but Unicron knows better. Magnus and his crew crash-land on the Planet of Junk. Unicron informs Galvatron of Magnus and the Matrix's whereabouts, and Galvatron quickly pursues him. Meanwhile on Quintessa, Hot Rod and Kup, separated from the Dinobots, are captured and taken to be put on trial before the Quintesson imperial magistrate in a mock trial and real execution for the Quintesson's amusement. They watched as Kranix, the last survivor of Lithone is fed to the Quintesson's executioners, the Sharkticons. The castaway Autobot Wheelie witnesses Hot Rod's and Kup's capture and seeks out the Dinobots to rescue the imprisoned Autobots. Hot Rod and Kup fight valiantly against the hordes of voracious Sharkticons, but the sheer numbers soon overwhelm them. Just as they were being buried beneath the mob of Sharkticons, the Dinobots kick down the door and trample Quintesson and Sharkticon alike. Grimlock then turns the Sharkticons, who fear and revere his strength, against the Quintessons. Wheelie shows the Autobots where a Quintesson spacecraft can be found. Back on the Planet of Junk, Galvatron destroys the Autobot shuttle. The Sweeps blow up Ultra Magnus, and Galvatron takes the Matrix. He plans on using the Matrix to control Unicron. As the Decepticons leave, the remaining Autobots are attacked by the Junkions, mechanoids indigenous to the Planet of Junk. As the Junkions, who perceive the Autobots as thieves and trespassers, are closing in for the kill, the Quintesson ship with Hot Rod, Kup, Wheelie and the Dinobots arrives. Hot Rod greets the Junkions properly and they soon form an alliance. The Junkions rebuild Ultra Magnus, and inform them that Galvatron left for Unicron with the Matrix. The two groups, Autobot and Junkion both leave to battle Galvatron and his master Unicron and to regain the Matrix. Upon reaching Unicron, Galvatron confronts and threatens Unicron with the Matrix. Unfortunately for Galvatron, he cannot open the Matrix to use against Unicron. Unicron is furious with Galvatron for this treachery. Unicron transforms into a gigantic robot mode. Unicron attacks Cybertron to punish Galvatron. The Decepticons counter-attack without success. Unicron swallows Galvatron, after Galvatron fires upon him. The Autobots and Junkions arrive and join the battle. Hot Rod flies the Quintesson ship through one of Unicron's eyes. The Autobots bail out of the crashing ship. Hot Rod is separated from the group and stumbles upon Galvatron and the Matrix. Galvatron proposes a truce in ordered to fight Unicron, their common foe, but Unicron uses his torture implant to force Galvatron to destroy Hot Rod. As they fight, Galvatron prepares to crush Hot Rod with his bare hands. Hot Rod grasps the Matrix and divine light breaks forth. Optimus Prime's voice speaks from the Matrix "Arise, Rodimus Prime", and Hot Rod is transformed into the new leader of the Autobots, with increased size, wisdom and strength. Rodimus Prime easily defeats Galvatron and throws him through the walls of Unicron, sending the Decepticon tumbling through space. Rodimus then unleashes the power of the Matrix inside of Unicron. Rodimus evacuates the Autobots trapped within Unicron by bursting through Unicron's remaining eye, as the Matrix's power shreds the monster planet from the inside out. As his body explodes, Unicron's head is ejected into orbit around Cybertron, replacing the moons he devoured with an eyeless gaze and a shocked expression upon his face. The Decepticons fled Cybertron as their attacks on Unicron proved ineffective, leaving the empty planet for the Autobots to retake virtually without resistance. The new leader of the Autobots declares an end to the Great War and a new age of peace.
tt0099365
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
In an unidentified city a gangster, Eddie Black, and his henchmen, await the arrival of another gangster, Robert Durant. Durant has been encroaching on Black's territory and Black is seeking revenge. When Durant and his crew arrive, they're immediately searched for weapons and allowed to enter the warehouse. Black delivers his terms, which demand that Durant move out of his territory. Durant nods at one of his crew, Smiley, who grabs the fake leg of one of his comrades and begins shooting at Black's men with an Uzi hidden in the fake limb. Black's men are quickly defeated and killed, leaving Black himself alive. Durant gives Black his terms, snipping off one of his rival's fingers for each with a cigar cutter. (It is revealed later that Durant preserves the fingers of his enemies and keeps them as trophies.) In a science lab Dr. Peyton Westlake experiments with artificial skin cells. However, all his attempts to create fake skin have failed; none of the samples he creates will remain stable after 99 minutes of exposure to light. Westlake's girlfriend, Julie Hastings, comes to his apartment later and brings a private memorandum from her office. The two share a romantic evening together. Julie notices that the memo is connected to shady dealings of her boss, Louis Strack. When Strack warns Julie to stop her investigation of the alleged connection, she refuses. Later, she leaves Westlake's lab just as he suggests they should get married. Julie is unsure of marrying him. Westlake returns to his scientific work and, as the timer closes in on 99 minutes, the lights go out in the lab. Westlake's assistant, Yakatito, reports that the skin cells are stable past 100 minutes. Westlake says that the key to the experiment has something to do with light. As Westlake goes to make a phone call, Durant appears and has his goons begin beating Westlake. Durant demands the memo Julie had found that would implicate her boss, which she had left at the apartment. Westlake tells them he knows nothing about it. Durant has Yakatito cruelly shot and his goons beat the doctor more, dipping him in a vat of boiling fluid that burns his face. He also burns his hands on the vat's electrodes. Durant's crew finds the memo and leave Westlake for dead; Durant himself sets a fuse to ignite flammable gas. Westlake's lab explodes, launching him through the roof and he falls, on fire, into the river, just as Julie arrives and sees the conflagration. Julie later attends Westlake's funeral, though there are almost no remains to be buried. Westlake is found by a medical team that takes him to a neurological clinic. Assumed to be a homeless person, they perform surgery to sever the nerves that transmit pain impulses, which relieves him from the pain from the damage to his hands and face. However, there is a serious side effect; Westlake's emotions, particularly anger and rage, become amplified. He also becomes physically stronger as well. Westlake escapes from the institution and begins to live on the streets. Donning a raincoat, he finds Julie as she leaves her apartment and tries to talk to her, however, his burnt face, still wrapped in dirty bandages, prevents him from doing so. Julie doesn't recognize him and rejects him as a homeless man. Westlake returns to his destroyed lab and salvages as much of his equipment as he can. Setting himself up in an abandoned factory, he continues his work on the artificial skin and plots his revenge against Durant and his thugs. He uses his computer system and an old burned photo of his face to make a mask of himself, however, the process will take several weeks. Westlake first shadows Durant's man, Rick. He kidnaps him and takes him below street level, coercing him into revealing Durant's name. Westlake then thrusts Rick up through a manhole where he's crushed under the wheels of a semi-truck. Westlake uses his technology to reproduce the faces of Durant's thugs. He first imitates a man named Paulie by drugging him in his sleep and taking his place at a money drop, stealing the cash in a briefcase. When Durant finds Paulie in his apartment, he finds that Paulie has two tickets (planted by Westlake) for Rio, one for him and one for Rick. Infuriated, Durant has Paulie thrown out the window to his death. Westlake, sitting nearby, and still wearing Paulie's false face, is a witness. He runs off when the skin begins to decompose and a woman screams. Every attempt by Westlake to perfect his skin formula fails. However, his computer completes the necessary reconstruction of his own face and he meets with Julie, finding her at his grave. The two begin to date again, with Westlake telling her that he'd been in a specialized institution in a coma. One day, he takes her to a carnival where he's cheated out of a prize by one of the staff. Enraged, he breaks the man's fingers and his false face begins to decompose. He runs back to his refuge, where Julie finds his work. Westlake refuses to come out of his hiding place when she calls to him. Westlake next turns his attention to Durant. Donning Durant's face and studying the gangster's voice until he can imitate it perfectly, he holds up a convenience store, making sure to identify himself on the security camera. The police arrest Durant and while he's incarcerated, Westlake goes with his thugs to a meeting with a Chinese gangster, Hung Fat. The man owes Durant a hefty sum of money but refuses to pay him until Westlake holds a match to his arm, burning himself severely. Terrified, Fat coughs up the money immediately. Meanwhile, Durant has posted bail and rushes to the meeting site in Chinatown. When he tries to enter the building through a revolving door, he runs straight into Westlake. In the confusion, Westlake knocks Durant to the ground and, while yelling at one of Durant's goons, his mask begins to fail. He bolts from the scene and escapes while Durant and his goons shoot at him. Julie meets with Strack again, who tells her that her life is in danger because of her association with Westlake. Julie leaves and Strack calls in Durant himself, who works for the tycoon. Strack orders Durant to find and kill Westlake. Julie will be the bait when she next goes to his hideout. When Julie does, Durant's gang kidnaps her and chases Westlake through the factory. He dispatches several of them wearing his disguises. One man has the misfortune of being shot by his friend while gagged and wearing a false face of Westlake. Westlake next turns his attention to Durant, who is riding in a helicopter. Westlake grabs onto a hook at the end of a long cable and is flown through the city. Flying over a highway, Durant has him lowered into traffic. Westlake lands on the top of a trailer and hooks the chopper to it, which is pulled into a bridge and destroyed when the truck goes under it. Westlake once again imitates Durant and meets with him at one of Strack's construction sites. Julie has been brought along. Strack tricks Westlake into revealing his identity and snatches the Durant mask off his head. Westlake fights with Strack's thugs, one of whom drops Julie onto a bundle of cables, where she dangles precariously. Westlake defeats all of Strack's men and uses a cable and hook to swing in and save Julie. When Strack corners him, he uses a bolt gun to pin Westlake's hand to a girder. As he moves in to kill him, Westlake rips his hand from the bolt and eventually throws Strack off the building to his death. In the elevator down, Westlake tells Julie of his shame at being disfigured and how he can never be with her again. He dons a final disguise (Sam Raimi regular, Bruce Campbell, in a cameo) and walks off, a voiceover saying he'll fight crime as Darkman.
tt0070510
Comedy,Drama
It is the early 1930s, and a small funeral service is underway at the gravesite of Essie May Loggins. In attendance are two female acquaintances and Addie (Tatum O'Neal), the 9-year-old daughter of the deceased. Arriving late for the service is Moses Pray (Ryan O'Neal), a suave-looking younger man. It becomes clear that Essie May was a somewhat "loose" woman, and that Moses was one of her lovers. One of the women at the funeral says she notices a resemblance between Moses and Addie, and wonders if Moses is not the girl's father. Moses denies this, but the women persist in questioning him. When they find out that he is heading in the direction of Missouri, they convince Moses to deliver Addie to her aunt and uncle in St. Joseph. Moses is frustrated with this responsibility, but he sees an opportunity in it as well. Moses is a con man, and he uses his own knowledge of Essie May's affairs to blackmail a local man; he takes Addie in to briefly meet the man and then suggests that he may have fathered the child and that Moses could press the issue now that Essie May is dead. Instead of taking responsibility for the child, the man pays Moses $200 to keep quiet, and Moses uses the $200 to buy himself a new car, as well as a train ticket to St. Joseph for Addie. However, Addie is no innocent child. She overhears the conversation that Moses has with his victim, and she refuses to be used in a con game without any compensation: she demands the $200 that Moses acquired, arguing that it's rightfully her money. Moses is furious that Addie is sharp enough to figure out what was going on, and afraid that she might actually blow the whistle on him, he agrees to get her $200 back. After sending a telegram to Addie's relatives saying that she will be delayed, Moses takes Addie with him while he goes to make back her hush money. Addie learns that Moses' hustle is posing as a Bible salesman. He looks in the obituary section of the local newspaper, goes to the homes of men who have recently passed away, and informs their widows that their husbands ordered a Bible with the woman's name printed on the inside. While Moses is talking to a woman named Pearl, Addie finds material in the car with which he printed her name on the inside of the Bible. Touched that her deceased husband intended to buy her a gift, Pearl gives Moses the money for the Bible, and Moses' con is clear to Addie. Moze (as Addie refers to him) is annoyed with having to take Addie along with him on the road, and she reveals herself to be wise beyond her years at every turn. She carries a cigar box with her containing her only possessions in the world, other than her radio. Addie herself thinks that Moze is her father, and she reminds him of this several times, but he denies it consistently. Moze dislikes Addie being involved in his con, but he soon learns that she is an asset when he attempts to hustle a widowed woman into buying a Bible and suddenly a lawman appears in the house, questioning Moze about his business and his identity. Addie saves the day by rushing up to the house and charming the policeman, and she even ups the price of the Bible on the spur of the moment. In another instance, Addie takes pity on a woman who appears at her door surrounded by young children; Addie refuses to allow Moze to take the woman's money and leaves the Bible for her anyway. Moze is angry with Addie for interfering in his affairs, but Addie understands now that she is partners with Moze, and their con turns into profitable business. Moze also teaches Addie different con techniques, such as how to talk sales clerks out of money, and Addie's charm works well for them. Things take a different turn when Moze and Addie visit a traveling carnival and Moze acquires a girlfriend named Trixie Delight (Madeline Kahn). Trixie appears in the carnival as a 'harem girl', and there is a suggestion that she does a little more than just dance for the male patrons. Moze informs Addie that Trixie and her personal maid, Imogene (P.J. Johnson), will be traveling with them from now on, and Addie is furious to have their relationship interrupted by Trixie, who is a loud, obnoxious woman. Addie becomes sullen and ignores Trixie until she has a frank conversation with the girl; Trixie admits that she can never hold onto a man for very long, and that if Addie is patient, Moze will soon tire of her and she will move on. Addie seems to accept this proposition, until Trixie talks Moze into buying a very expensive new car; Addie looks in her cigar box and finds all of their money gone. This is the final straw for Addie, and she immediately plots Trixie's downfall. Enlisting the harried Imogene to help her, the two of them arrange for Trixie to be caught in a compromising position with the desk clerk of the hotel where they are staying. For her part in the scheme, Addie gives Imogene enough money to get back home to her family, and after Moze catches Trixie in bed with the clerk, he immediately collects Addie and abandons Trixie. From here, Addie and Moze seize another opportunity: while staying at a small hotel in a rural area, Addie notices a bootlegger conducting business quietly. His customers approach him and he retrieves their liquor from a small shed in back of the hotel. Addie and Moze get the idea to climb into the shed and steal some of the liquor, then sell it back to the bootlegger. Although their scheme works, they do not know that they have been found out by a man lurking in the shadows nearby. As they leave the hotel in their car, they are pursued by a sheriff who takes them into custody. While at the sheriff's station, Moze and Addie are questioned relentlessly. Although he knows what they did, he cannot prove anything--Addie has hidden the telltale cash they made in her hat. The sheriff intends to keep Addie and Moze locked up until he can pin something on them, so Addie spontaneously comes up with a plan; she steals back the keys to their car and urges Moze to make a break for it. Together they rush outside and make a quick getaway. Pursued by the sheriff and his men, they manage to make it across the border into Missouri, where the sheriff has no jurisdiction and cannot arrest them. Realizing that their car will make them conspicuous, Moze spots a dilapidated old truck outside a farm and rouses the inhabitants of the shabby farmhouse. Making up a reason, he informs them that he needs to swap vehicles and that he will give them the brand new car in an even trade for their broken down truck. The men refuse to trade, saying that the new car is no use to them since it cannot haul anything, so Moze offers to wrestle for it. The men can't resist the challenge and send their best 'wrassler', Leroy (Randy Quaid), to take on Moze. Moze quickly takes the match, however, by playing dirty, and he 'wins' the right to drive off in the beat-up truck. Now that the two of them are in Missouri, the issue comes up about Addie's original destination: her aunt & uncle's house. Moze instead suggests that this is no longer necessary; they will conduct business as usual, as they are partners. Both of them are happy with this decision, as they don't really want to be separated. Moze quickly sets up an opportunity for a very big score involving a wealthy gentleman, and he tells Addie that this will net them enough money to finally get out of the con business. Moze sets out to meet their mark, with Addie to follow later, but he is intercepted by the sheriff from Kansas and his men; while they cannot arrest Moze for his crime in Kansas, they are only interested in revenge, and they chase Moze down and beat him severely. Addie knows something is wrong when Moze is nowhere to be found, and she finds him beaten and bloodied, lying in a stairwell. Now that violence has found him, Moze has a change of heart about having Addie along in this lifestyle; he will take her to live with her aunt and uncle after all. Addie promises that she will not cry about separating from Moze, but when he drops her off at the house, she is less than enthused about living there. Addie's aunt (Rose-Mary Rumbley), is a flighty woman who treats Addie like the child she is, and Addie is put off by her cloying and overly cheerful attitude. Meanwhile, Moze has set off up the road in the broken down truck, which stalls out and leaves him sitting there. He is down on his luck, but even more, he is heartbroken about Addie leaving. Suddenly he looks up into his rear view mirror and sees her, off in the distance, running toward the truck. Although he is glad to see her, he puts on a stern face and stares her down, telling her "I told you, I don't want you riding with me no more." Addie is hurt at first, but then she stares back at him and says "You still owe me $200." Moze is flustered, and the truck begins to drift away while he isn't looking. Addie shrieks in warning, and they both run after it. Together they climb inside and drive off to a new destination.
tt0111693
Drama,Romance
A dramatic treatment of a family torn apart by alcoholism and recovering from it, this was a star vehicle for popular actress Meg Ryan, who plays Alice Green, a school counselor who has a serious drinking problem. Her husband is Michael (Andy Garcia), an airline pilot. Though she's lighthearted and loving, Alice is often reckless and, when drunk, even neglects her children, nine-year-old daughter Jess (Tina Majorino) from a previous marriage, and four-year-old daughter Casey (Mae Whitman), whose father is Michael. After an accident, Alice realizes that she has "hit bottom" and goes into a clinic for rehab. When she returns home, she has kicked her addiction and has become independent and strong, and her perfectionist, controlling husband has trouble adjusting. Michael is used to his wife being weak and helpless, and they end up seeing a marriage counselor to recover from Michael's "co-dependency" on Alice's role as an alcoholic.
tt0113957
Action,Crime,Drama
Angela Bennett is a computer programmer who works from home. She keeps an extensive collection of computer viruses that she removes from her clients systems. She gets a call from her colleague, who asks her for help with a "glitch" he found in one of their clients websites. He sends Angela to the site, where she clicks on a Pi symbol and finds herself transported into the confidential databases of different government agencies. She copies the website's programming code onto a disk to research the problem after she gets home from her vacation to Mexico, which is her first vacation in years. We see her sitting on the beach in Mexico with her laptop, and a gorgeous man (Jack Devlin) strikes up a conversation with her. He gains her trust, and invites her to dinner. After dinner, he takes her for a walk on the beach, where her purse is stolen. The thief gets all of her personal information - passport, driver's license, credit cards, etc. We see that Devlin (the Praetorian agent) was the one who hired the thief to steal her purse, and he finds the confidential disk in her purse. She is very upset, so Devlin consoles her by offering her a ride in his company's boat (supposedly one of his employment perks). While on the boat, they have sex. Angela is cold, so she gets re-dressed. She goes to put on his jacket and discovers a gun. She figures out he is not whom he says he is, so she asks him what the gun is for. He replies, and she knows he is lying. They struggle, and Angela knocks him out. She then escapes from him with the disk that he stole from her, but winds up crashing into a rock and hitting her head. She ends up being knocked out for three days, and wakes up in a hospital in Mexico. The disk was damaged because it was exposed to water and sunlight. She tries to go back to the hotel, but finds she was supposedly checked out over a week ago. She has no ID, so she goes to the American Embassy and to get a copy of her Passport. She has to sign "Ruth Marx" to get the temporary Visa. Once Angela gets back to Los Angeles, her car is gone from the airport. She arrives at her home in a cab to find it empty and for sale. She seeks help from a former lover, Dr. Alan Champion, who checks her into a motel and tries to help her figure this out, even though he really does not believe her story. The Praetorians change Angela's (or from the police department's perspective, Ruth Marx's) file, framing her for theft, murder, and illegal drug use. Setting off the fire alarm at Cathedral, the computer company she works for, Angela discovers her imposter's whereabouts. She gains some time to hack into the mainframe to figure out who did all this to her. She saves all the files and details of the computer scam onto a disk, and heads off to a computer convention. She manages to send the files to the F.B.I. on a computer she borrows, plus places the virus disk into the drive. She tricks Devlin into ruining the mainframe of their own computer system. In the end, she clears her identity, gets the Praetorians arrested, and regains her normal life.
tt0114319
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Sabrina Fairchild (Julia Ormond), is the Larrabee chauffeur's daughter. Maude Larrabee (Nancy Marchand) inherited the business, her son Linus (Harrison Ford) runs the business, and her other son David (Greg Kinnear) is the family playboy. Sabrina spends her time watching David from afar, but he doesn't know who she is. On the eve of her departure to Paris, Sabrina confesses her love, but to Linus by mistake. She goes to Paris to work at Vogue Magazine, and falls in love with the photographer, Louis (Patrick Bruel). She begins to mature and understand fashion as well as photography. In the meantime, David falls in love with Elizabeth Tyson (Lauren Holly), who is the daughter of Patrick Tyson (Richard Crenna). Linus sees this as a potential merger with Tyson Electronics. When Sabrina hears of the pending nuptials, she realizes she is still in love with David. She returns home, more glamorous, and sees David. He is surprised and doesn't recognize her and invites her to a party. David becomes smitten with her, much to the chagrin of his family. On the way to meet with Sabrina, David gets hurt, and Linus goes in his stead. They dance and talk, and Linus hatches a plan to get her away from David. Linus takes Sabrina to Martha's Vineyard, under the pretense of photographing a summer cottage that the Larrebee's own. They talk more, and Linus realizes she's bright and interesting. He begins to court her, and she is stuck between David and Linus. Linus decides to take Sabrina to Paris to allow David to marry Elizabeth. Maude realizes he is planning to dump her after the merger, and Linus meets Sabrina. He feels guilty and confesses his plan. She decides to go to Paris, alone. Sabrina tells David, and he confronts Linus. Linus tells David he's willing to sacrifice the merger, and gives David a ticket for Paris. The next day, David interrupts a meeting and tells Linus that he's staying with Elizabeth, and that Linus should go to Paris. Linus takes the Concorde and gets there before Sabrina. He tells her he loves her, and they embrace. The end.
tt0107808
Crime,Drama,Thriller
"A Perfect World," ostensibly about the escape of convicts Butch Haynes (Kevin Costner) and Terry Pugh (Keith Szarabajka) from a Huntsville prison, quickly focusses on their hostage-taking of an 8-year old boy, Philip Perry (T. J. Lowther). The movie opens with the final scene, Butch lying in a field with a Casper the Friendly Ghost mask lying beside him in the grass, a helicopter hovering, and money blowing in the breeze. Both the man and the mask have a faint smile on their faces. The rest of the movie answers the questions posed by that enigmatic opening image. In a small town somewhere in Texas, the town kids are trick or treating except for one family sitting at the kitchen table talking about Halloween. The mother, Gladys Perry (Jennifer Griffin), explains that their religious beliefs put them on a higher plane where such activities are forbidden. Just then the doorbell rings and some children outside yell "trick or treat." Gladys answers the door and explains they don't participate in the holiday because they are Jehovah's Witness. Meanwhile, Larry Billings, a prison guard, returns to the prison to get some paperwork to do at home even as the two prisoners in their cells (Butch and Terry) consult with an elderly inmate regarding where the vents go. Once Butch and Terry break through the vents, and it is clear that an escape is underway, Butch tells Terry that they will separate when they get free and reach the state line because he doesn't like Terry. And Terry agrees with that plan as their hatred for each other coalesces. Butch and Terry get past the guard at the gate in Larry's car with Larry at the wheel. Once they reach town they commandeer Larry's car and search for a new escape car. Terry is sidetracked by Gladys making breakfast. Terry breaks into the kitchen holding a gun and terrorizes her, grabbing her around the neck for a smooch. Young Philip, who has wandered in, gets on Terry's nerves so he slaps the boy, an action that further infuriates Butch and precipitates a struggle between the two. Butch asks Philip to pick up the "Pistola" and give it to him. Then Butch says to point it at him and say "stick em up," a make-believe playful act, but deadly serious, which he does. A neighbor tries to save the family but Buzz asks him to drop the rifle because he might hit the boy and the neighbor agrees, a pattern of negotiation and violence avoidance that continues throughout the movie. Butch and Terry take the boy, Philip, as a hostage and leave, still in the guard's car. At the state office of the Texas Rangers, Red Barnett (Clint Eastwood) speaks with the Governor by phone. Sally Gerber (Laura Dern), criminologist from Huntsville hired by the Governor to assist Red in matters concerning parole and escapes, introduces herself to Red as one of the team, a fact that does not sit well with Red. The Governor also loans Red's team a shiny new truck and trailer to track the escapees. The rig has lots of bells and whistles and looks suspiciously like a Campaign Headquarters on Wheels with its decorative bunting. While loading up the new trailer prior to starting the manhunt, FBI agent Bobby Lee (Bradley Whitford) is added to the team and Sally is almost left behind. Meanwhile, the escapees and their young hostage are trying to find somewhere to hide out. Terry looks for his cousin's name in a phone book while keeping an eye on Butch and threatening him. Butch responds by breaking his nose. They stop at a store for provisions and Butch asks Philip to train the gun on Terry to hold him in check while Butch shops. Terry starts to play with Philip and try to get the gun away, and resorts to intimidating Philip physically and verbally by casting aspersions on Philips manhood ("Kind a puny, ain't it?"). When Terry grabs Philip, Philip bites his hand and runs to hide in a corn field across the road, maintaining possession of the gun. Terry searches for Philip even as Butch sees his traveling companions are missing. Butch locates Philip first in the corn field and Philip returns the gun to Butch. Butch shoots Terry. As Butch and Philip get back to the car, the store owner emerges from the store with a rifle but Butch tells him to go lie on the floor of the store until they leave. As the truck and trailer head down the road Red's manhunt team learns about the sighting of the escapees. Sally tells Red they need an auxiliary roadblock because the prisoners will split up. Only one road block is set up. Red and Sally argue about her spot on the team. Red informs her that a strong back side and a sense of humor are the only prerequisites to serving on his team. Sally explains that she is not a moron, she just wants to do her job. Red says that he is in charge and takes responsibility but agrees to listen to her concerns. Butch and Philip continue on as running buddies, drinking RC Cola and getting to know each other. Butch appeals to the boy's desire to play by telling Philip that the car is a time machine and they are driving into the future. He explains gas and brake pedals and that they need to find a Ford to steal. Terry's body is found. Red's entourage continues to follow the escapees. Butch and Philip find a Ford. Butch has Philip play "like an Injun" and check whether the keys are in the ignition and whether there is a radio. Yes on both counts. While Philip relieves himself, Butch goes to a clothes line to steal some civilian clothes for himself. The farmer who owns the car and the home spots him helping himself. While the farmer runs in from his tractor, Butch jumps in the Ford and fiddles with the starter for an interminable time. The farmer nearly catches the two until Philip bites his hand and he releases his grip on the car. The manhunt team discusses whether locals should shoot if they have a clear shot. Red and Sally say no because of the boy. Butch learns that Philip's dad is gone. They realize they have some things in common: they are handsome, they like RC, and their dads ain't worth a damn. They are on their own and seek foolish destiny. Red gets to the scene of the car recovery. They pry open the trunk and find the dead guard, Larry Billings, inside. Sally barfs and Red shows a smidgeon of compassion. Butch gives Philip an alias, Buzz, so they can go to a store called Friendly's to buy skivvies, britches, rope, and duct tape. Buzz eyes a Casper costume left over from Halloween. A local cop finds the car parked by the store and waits to nab the escapees. The clerk flirts with Butch and gets a nice tip. Butch refuses to buy the Casper costume. Mr. Willits, the store manager, starts to call to report presence of Haynes but Haynes threatens him with a look. Troubles aplenty outside but Butch outmaneuvers them and stops by to pick Buzz up on way out of town. "You ain't so friendly," is Butch's take on the clerks screaming at Buzz for shoplifting the Casper costume. The two are a team. Buzz and Butch hide behind a barn while the coast clears. Butch forgives Buzz by saying that although stealing is wrong, the Casper costume theft is an exception to the rule. Buzz is embarrassed by his puny pecker (in the words of Terry). Butch looks at it and declares it good sized for a boy his age. Buzz is heartened by Butch's assessment. Red and Sally believe that Haynes (Butch) and the boy are headed for the Panhandle. Sally outlines Butch's sad life before incarceration. Mom killed herself and Daddy split. After Haynes killed a man who hurt his mom when he was just 8, he stayed clear of the law until he stole a car some years later. Haynes received an inappropriately long sentence. Sally declares that where they are going is not important but why they are going there is very important. Butch trains his navigator in the ways of map-reading. They pass a trailer and wave just for fun. Turns out it is the team of trained criminologists. The trailer does a U-turn when they spot the Casper costume. A chase ensues. The trailer and truck get separated in the process. The Governor's trailer crashes, much the worse for wear. The Governor tells Buzz's mom that the boy is OK as he smiles for the cameras. Butch lets Buzz decide what to do, whether to hoof it or stick with the car. Butch informs Buzz that he is headed for Alaska. Buzz considers the options and decides that 1500 miles is too far to walk. Supply inventory is low, just soda, gum, and half a Moon pie. The Governor wants the trailer back but Red doesn't tell him its condition. With Buzz now sporting the Casper costume, they go trick or treating even though Buzz is a Jehovah's Witness and Halloween is past. Butch tells him how it's done. They go to a woman's house way out in the country, and she says that he is too late. He missed the popcorn balls. When she sees Butch's gun, however, she changes her mind and gives them whatever she has, including money. They feast on the spoils, mustard sandwiches. Later, while Buzz sits in the car alone waiting for Butch to check out the road block, the car starts rolling. Buzz finally sorts out the brake from the accelerator and stops it. Then it happens again. A guy out with his family almost hit by the car buys their story about bad brakes and agrees to take them along in their car, enabling the pair on the lam to get through a checkpoint. The mom in the car with Butch and Buzz blesses her children out and slaps them for spilling a drink in the new car. Butch's face clouds over and he decides to have Bob let them out of the car. Then he kicks the family out with their suitcases and steals their car. The next scene is of the family approaching one of the roadblocks on foot. Red and Company are getting hungry. They find steaks and tater tots in the trailer and Red starts cooking them up. Bobby Lee tries to put the make on Sally but Red cuts it short to ask Sally how she likes her steaks cooked. Then Red sets the would-be suitor Bobby Lee straight about the mission. Butch and Buzz talk over the limitations of the Jehovah's Witness religion. Butch introduces Buzz to the fun side of American life by allowing him to ride on the car roof. Later, they stop for dinner and Butch hopes for a side order of nookie from the waitress. Buzz watches out of curiosity. When Buzz is discovered, the couple's mood is dampened. Butch and Buzz get back on the road not fully replenished. They discuss women and love. Butch and Buzz hide in a corn field to lay low, plan their journey, and catch some sleep. Buzz tells Butch he wants to return home and Butch promises to return him soon. Butch reassures him of his concern for the boy by asking him to make a list of all the stuff he wants to do, such as eat cotton candy, and says he will try to make certain he gets a chance to do some of it. Sally asks Red whether he was a sheriff when Haynes got his long sentence for stealing the car. Red said Butch's dad was a crook, bad news, and Red thought it would be better for Butch to send him away from the household to an institutional setting. Regret was in his eyes. A sharecropper, Mack (Wayne Dehart), finds Butch and Buzz in the corn and offers them a place to sleep and Butch agrees. Mack hits his grandson, Cleve (Kevin Jamal Woods), upside the head and Butch does not approve. The two families eat breakfast together the next day and get to know each other. Butch shows Cleve a gymnastic trick like skinning the cat and they practice a little. Butch plays some old 45's and invites Mack's wife, Lottie (Mary Alice), and the boys, to dance. Butch talks about growing up in a whore house watching his mama dance. Mack hears about the manhunt on the radio and the mood changes quickly: Butch threatens him to secure his silence. The farmer's family gets tied up with their mouths taped shut, and Butch is ready to kill Mack for hitting his grandson. Trust is the topic of conversation and it is clear that Buzz does not trust Butch as much as he did because of Butch's hairpin temper. Buzz shoots Butch in the gut, crying the entire time. Then he throws the gun in the well, throws the car keys on the ground, and runs away. Butch, bleeding profusely, shows mercy and leaves his pocket knife on the table so Mack and his family can use it to free themselves after he leaves. Philip crawls under a fence and runs through a field, leaving a bit of his torn costume on the fence. Butch follows him telling him he's a hero and agrees to let him drive if he will continue on as his running buddy. It is clear, however, that they have reached the end of the line. Philip climbs a tree. Butch is slowly dying from his wound but he continues to follow the boy. Butch asks Philip to go with him to Alaska and he reads the message from his dad on the back of the postcard out loud to Philip. Philip apologizes for shooting him. Butch says he was glad it was Philip who shot him and not some stranger. Butch and Philip are surrounded by cops. Shotguns abound and Bobby Lee, the FBI agent, gets out a high-powered rifle with a telescopic site and prepares to shoot Butch. Red talks to Butch via a megaphone. Negotiations begin and end with a threat to kill the boy even though the "pistola" is in the well. Gladys, Philip's mom, arrives on a helicopter and she pleads for Philip's life. Philip trick or treats the group of cops and Butch negotiates for Philip's future fun, not his own life. When Philip tries to say that his Mom lets him do a lot of great stuff, Butch is skeptical: "Don't kid a kidder, Philip." Butch makes her promise to allow him to go to fairs and trick or treat and Philip vouches for her veracity as a "real good mama." Butch asks him to walk toward the cops and yell, Trick or treat! The running buddies shake hands goodbye. Philip, still dressed as Casper the Friendly Ghost, starts to go to his mom but returns to Butch who is dying. Philip is worried they will shoot Butch. They hug and begin to walk toward the cops very slowly, hand in hand. Red walks out to talk to them but tells Bobby Lee to keep him "locked down, clean as a whistle." Red drops his gun on the ground and tells Butch to drop his gun. Butch says Pistola is gone, thanks to his partner. Butch tries to hand the postcard to Philip but Bobby Lee, looking through his scope, thinks Butch is reaching for a weapon and shoots him, a mortal wound. Buzz weeps over him. They run and grab the boy as Red looks on and winces. Red punches Bobby Lee for improper discharge of his weapon. Sally gives Bobby Lee a knee to the groin for good measure. The last scene is Butch in the field again as in the first scene. Only now it is clear that Butch is a ghost too.
tt0113409
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Private investigator John Trent (Sam Neill) investigates a claim made by Arcane Publishing director Jackson Harglow (Charlton Heston) of the alleged disappearance of popular horror novelist Sutter Cane (Jürgen Prochnow), who vanished days before his latest book was released. Harglow requests Trent recover the unfinished final story of Cane's popular series and assigns editor Linda Styles (Julie Carmen) to accompany him. After reading a few of the novels for research, Trent experiences vivid nightmares of monsters and deformed people murdering each other with axes. Linda explains the stories are known to cause disorientation, memory loss, and paranoia in "less stable readers." Trent notices a series of red lines on the book covers that, when aligned properly, form the outline of New Hampshire and mark a location alluded to be Hobb's End, the fictional setting for many of Cane's works. As they set out to find the town, Linda experiences bizarre phenomena during the late-night drive; a boy riding a bicycle whose visage changes as she somehow passes him three times; the yellow road lines vanish followed by the road itself disappearing; and the car seemingly driving over thunderhead storm clouds. They enter a rustic covered bridge in darkness and inexplicably arrive in daylight hours in Hobb's End on the other side. Trent and Linda search the small town and begin encountering fictional people and landmarks described in Cane's novels. They are checked into a hotel by Mrs. Pickman (Frances Bay), later revealed to have been torturing and eventually killing her husband. At The Black Church, described in Cane's books as the fount of evil that is polluting the entire town, Trent and Linda watch as a group of townspeople arrive wielding shotguns and torches, demanding Cane return a missing child. Johnny, the son of one of men of the group, suddenly appears in the doorway to the Church, supplanted by Cane himself. The townspeople are then set upon by attack dogs and driven off. Believing the events to be staged, Trent prepares to go back to Arcane, but is prevented when Linda steals the car keys. She heads to the Black Church to confront Cane, and is exposed to his final novel, In The Mouth Of Madness which drives her insane. Trent is approached at a bar by Johnny's father warning him to leave before the evil infects him as it has the inhabitants of Hobb's End. Trent later returns to the bar and witnesses the man commit suicide with a shotgun as he proclaims to merely be "a character written to do it." Outside the bar, a mob of mutated, monstrous-looking townspeople descend upon him with shotguns and torches. He flees to the hotel and discovers Mrs. Pickman and Linda have also been altered into mutated versions of their former selves. Trent then attempts to drive away from Hobb's End but is repeatedly teleported back to the center of town, subsequently crashing while swerving to avoid hitting Linda. He awakens in a Catholic confessional where Cane explains the popularity of his stories will soon free an ancient race of monstrous beings that will reclaim the Earth. Cane brings Trent to his writing studio and tells him he is an invented character in one of the stories, and has no choice but to return the In The Mouth Of Madness manuscript to Arcane and begin the destruction of humanity. After giving Trent the manuscript, Cane tears open his face like a piece of paper, ripping a hole that leads into darkness. Trent flees through a long tunnel as the group of monsters chase him and suddenly finds himself laying on a country road, apparently back in reality. As he returns to New York, he repeatedly receives and burns new copies of the manuscript. Back at Arcane Publishing, Trent meets with Harglow who informs him Linda never existed; he was sent alone to find Cane. Furthermore, he had delivered the manuscript months ago and the book has been on sale for weeks with a movie adaptation set to release soon. Trent suffers a psychotic break and is arrested after he murders several people with an axe. Dr. Wrenn (David Warner) visits him in the psychiatric hospital and, after listening to Trent recount his story, dismisses him as insane and leaves. Trent wakes the following day to find his cell door torn from its hinges and the residents of the hospital slaughtered. He departs, hearing over an ambulance radio that the world has been overrun with mutant creatures and outbreaks of suicide and psychotic mass murders. Trent goes to see the In the Mouth of Madness metafilm, laughing hysterically as he watches his own experiences. As it "catches up" to his current situation, his laughter becomes insanity-laced sobs of despair, finally realizing that he is just a work of fiction.
tt0109254
Action,Comedy,Crime
One night in Detroit, Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) plans to arrest a gang of car thieves who run a local chop shop. Unbeknownst to his boss, Inspector G. Douglas Todd (Gil Hill), Axel has canceled the SWAT, intending to raid the shop using only his team. Meanwhile, a group of men arrive at the chop shop to pick up a cube van that the car thieves had hijacked. The leader of the group confirms that the vehicle still contains its cargo, which consists of crates labelled as property of the U.S. government, then has his men execute the car thieves. As the murderers are about to leave, Axel, unaware of what has happened inside, proceeds with his plan to enter the shop and quickly finds his team outgunned. Todd, arriving moments later, is fatally shot by the group's leader. As the perpetrators escapes in the cube van, an angry Foley gives chase in one of the partially disassembled cars from the shop, but is prevented from continuing the chase by Secret Service Agent Steve Fulbright (Stephen McHattie). Fulbright informs Axel that the killer must remain on the loose because the federal government is pursuing a larger scheme in which he is involved. After Todd's funeral, Axel learns that several clues left behind by the killers point to Wonder World, a theme park in Beverly Hills, California owned by "Uncle" Dave Thorton (Alan Young). Axel arrives in Beverly Hills and reunites with his friend Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold), who has been promoted to "Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Systems Interdepartmental Operational Command" (DDO-JSIOC), and meets Billy's new partner, Jon Flint (Héctor Elizondo). It is revealed that John Taggart is now retired and is living in Phoenix, Arizona. Axel asks Flint to call his friend Ellis DeWald (Timothy Carhart), the head of Wonder World's park security, to let him know that he's coming to the park for his investigation. Axel meets and befriends Janice Perkins (Theresa Randle) whilst touring the park's behind-the-scenes facilities. Later, he is spotted by security, shot at and attacked hand-to-hand. Foley retreats to the surface where he cuts in line to enter the Spider Ferris wheel ride. The guards accidentally jam the ride, placing two little kids' lives in danger. Axel rescues them and is subsequently taken to park manager Orrin Sanderson (John Saxon). When DeWald is called in to contest the claim that Axel was attacked by the security men without prior challenge, Axel immediately recognizes DeWald as Todd's killer, but Rosewood and Flint refuse to believe that claim because DeWald is keeping an impeccable public reputation. However, Axel is later visited by Uncle Dave and Janice, who inform him that the Wonder World park's designer and Dave's close friend, Roger Fry, has mysteriously disappeared while inspecting the grounds two weeks ago, leaving only a letter with a cryptic message. He tries to heckle DeWald into revealing his criminal involvements, despite continued admonishments by Agent Fulbright, but DeWald proves too smooth to be caught in a mistake. When Axel later digs deeper into a closed-off section of the park, he finds out that DeWald and Sanderson run a counterfeiting ring that uses Wonder World as a front, and DeWald was at the chop shop in Detroit to get his hands on blank printing paper used for American currency. Axel later meets with Uncle Dave to ask him about further details to find a piece of viable evidence, and thereby discovers that Fry's warning letter is actually written on a sheet of the stolen mint paper. Before he can make use of that evidence, however, Uncle Dave is shot by DeWald, and Axel is framed for his shooting. After getting away from DeWald and bringing Uncle Dave to the next hospital, Axel sets out to prove his innocence by storming the park, calling Rosewood and Flint to assist him. The resulting shootout kills DeWald's henchmen, and after a hand-to-hand fight Axel shoots and kills DeWald. Agent Fulbright appears to explain that he was wrong, but Axel realizes his actual involvement with the counterfeiter and shoots him during a brief struggle. Uncle Dave makes a full recovery, and he thanks Axel for his assistance by creating a new character for Wonder World in his honor, Axel Fox.
tt0110997
Adventure,Crime,Thriller
A Boston couple, Gail (Meryl Streep) and Tom (David Strathairn) are having marital problems. Gail, a rafting expert, decides to take their child Roarke (Joseph Mazzello) on a holiday rafting down the Salmon River in Idaho, along with their pet dog. At the last minute Tom joins them. As they are setting off they meet a couple of other rafters, Wade (Kevin Bacon) and Terry (John C. Reilly), who appear to be friendly. After a day's rafting the family make camp for the night, but Tom continues to work on his laptop computer rather than enter fully into the experience. The family are joined by Wade and Terry who help to celebrate Roarke's birthday. Gail flirts with Wade. However, after a while Wade begins acting suspiciously and Gail decides it would be best to part ways. During the morning's rafting Wade reveals to Roarke that they have a gun with them. As they raft down the river the parents discuss an exit strategy that will allow them to leave the two men behind, and at lunch they attempt to leave on their raft and get away before Wade and Terry realize what is going on. Their attempt fails and Wade pulls the gun on them and assaults Tom. Gail then realizes that an armed robbery she had heard about was actually carried out by Wade and Terry, and their rafting trip is actually a way for them to get away. The family are forced to raft at gunpoint down the rest of the river before they all set up camp for the night. During the night Tom attempts to steal the gun off the sleeping Terry but is heard and has to run into the bushes and to the river. Wade gives chase and believes he has shot him when he hears a loud splash into the water. It's revealed that Wade and Terry, in order to aid their escape, want to go on down the river to a set of rapids where in recent years one person was killed and another was left paralyzed. Consequently, rafting is no longer allowed. Wade and Terry force the rafters down through the rapids despite Gail's repeated attempts to flip the raft and so force Wade and Terry out of the river. Meanwhile a park ranger (Benjamin Bratt), who knows Gail, is white water canoeing down the river. He bumps into the group; but Wade holds the gun to Gail's back and pretends that everything is OK. Later, he appears again but this time Wade shoots him and he falls dying into the river. Tom reappears and manages to flip the raft. Gail and Roarke, who have been tied to the raft by Wade, remain in the raft and to get hold of the gun, which had fallen into the water. whilst Tom is fighting Terry. The struggle ends when Gail throws the bag of money into the water and shoots Wade whose dead body floats off down river. The film ends with the family and Terry (who has been arrested) being helicoptered out.
tt1174730
Comedy,Drama
Meet the Rizzos, a family that might get along a lot better if only they could tell each other the truth. Dad Vince is the worst offender. But since the prison guard won't even admit that poker night is in fact acting class, how's he ever going to explain about his illegitimate son? His daughter works as a stripper when she's supposed to be in college, while young Vinnie Jr has a secret sexual fetish that involves a 24-hour webcam and the family's 300-pound neighbour. Vince's wife Joyce is the family's rock, but it's been a year since she enjoyed intimacy with her husband, and it's no surprise she thinks poker night spells A-F-F-A-I-R. When former prisoner Tony enters the Rizzos' lives, Joyce begins to suspect that the handsome young Tony isn't who Vince says he is. City Island is a funny, touching and smart family tale about the secrets of the past catching up with the lies of the present, and accepting that nobody's perfect - least of all your loved ones.
tt0114825
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
A ship of dead men steers into Brooklyn harbor. It keeps going until it runs aground. A large wolf jumps from the ship. The wolf is the vampire Maximilian [Eddie Murphy], the sole survivor of the massacre of a tribe of vampires living on an island in the Bermuda Triangle. Max has come to Brooklyn to find Rita Veder [Angela Bassett], the half-vampire daughter born to a human and a vampire from his tribe. Meanwhile, Julius Jones [Kadeem Hardison] isn't having a good night. First, there was that ship that ran aground and plowed right through the building where he and Silas Green [John Witherspoon] were working. Then his woman kicked him out of the house for snoring while otherwise engaged. Now, two thugs are after him for his money or his blood. Then, just as Julius is about to meet his maker, the vampire Maximilian shows up, neatly kills off the two thugs, and informs Julius that he is to become his renfield and that the first thing he must do is retrieve Max's coffin from the ship. Ship and dock are crawling with the law, one of whom is Detective Rita Veder. Rita and her partner Justice [Allen Payne] have been sent to investigate the accident in the harbor and the 18 bodies aboard that were found drained of blood. While checking out the ship, Rita falls through a rotten floorboard and lands in the cargohold where she finds a coffin and gets a glimpse of Max, who recognizes her immediately. Rita chases him, but he disappears. When she returns to the cargohold, the coffin is gone, a human ear remaining in its place. Max and Julius take the coffin to Julius's house, an apartment he rents from Silas. The ship's log is retrieved, but it is written in some obscure language that no one at the university can decipher, so it is sent to Dr Zeko for translation. Zeko's turns out to be a nightclub, but Zeko [Zakes Mokae] is able to tell that the log speaks about a nosferatu on board. As Rita sits at a table, waiting for Justice to return from a phone call, she doesn't notice that a cobra in a nearby terrarium has escaped and is crawling toward her. Fortunately, Max is seated nearby and catches the cobra just in time, giving Max the perfect opportunity to introduce himself to Rita. He asks her to dance, believing that one dance with him will make her his, but Justice returns and Julius butts in with his jive talk, so Rita splits, not at all enthralled with Max. Rita and Justice go back to the apartment Rita shares with roommate Nikki [Simbi Khali]. Nikki comes on to Justice but he turns her down and leaves. Instead, Nikki picks up Max and brings him home. Rita overhears the bumping and screaming in Nikki's bedroom. The next morning, Rita finds that Nikki has split with all her belongings, and there's a note saying that she's getting an apartment with a man she just met. Rita assumes it is Justice, and she becomes very jealous. Time is growing short. Max has to start using drastic measures, like taking on the personas of other people, such as Preacher Pauly and stupid Guido in order to get closer to Rita. But Max's plans seem to backfire, so he takes the direct route and saves her from being run over by a speeding taxi. In gratitude, Rita accepts a dinner date with him. Max hurries back to Julius's apartment and casts every spell he knows to change it from a pigsty to an elegant lovenest, complete with candelabras, fireplace, and a baby grand piano. He finally manages to get his dance with Rita as well as a bite on her neck. Julius is enjoying the benefits of working for a vampire, e.g., driving the black limo with vanity plates that say 'RIP'. He is also having to adjust to the side-effects, e.g., acquiring a taste for bugs and losing parts of his body. First his ear, then his right hand, then his hair, then an eye, then his whole right arm. Meanwhile, Justice is following up a lead that suggests Julius might have been involved in the killing of the two thugs a few nights ago. The next morning, Justice pays a visit to Julius's apartment where he meets Silas Green who tells him that Rita was there all night with the new tenant, some suave guy. Just then, Justice receives a call from the dispatcher sending him to investigate a DOA at Brooklyn City Hall. It turns out to be Nikki. Justice goes to Rita's apartment to tell her about Nikki. As he is holding her, Rita's tears turn into fangs and she tries to bite his neck. Out of the corner of her eye, she notices that her reflection in the mirror is fading. She runs to Max, who tells her of her father, the vampire. Justice goes to see Dr Zeko, who tells him the story of Rita's mother, a researcher who was studying the vampires on his island and who succumbed to the powers of the "dark one." Rita is the result, he says. He warns Justice that he must kill Max and do it before Rita loses all of her humanity. Max attempts to teach Rita how to feed, but she refuses. When she tries to run away, Max retrieves her and brings her to his apartment, intending to leave for the island in the morning. He brings Silas to her, but Justice and Zeko arrive just in time to stop her from feeding on him. A fight breaks out, of course, but Max is easily able to dodge their fists and stakes. Justice searches out Max's coffin and opens it, prepared to stake him, but he finds Rita laying there. Rita begins to advance on Justice, her fangs showing. She stops long enough to share a kiss with Max and then stakes him, claiming that this part of her must die. Rita and Justice end up in each others' arms. Epiloque: Max is dead, and Julius doesn't have much left in the way of limbs, skin, arms, etc., but Silas reminds him that he does have the limo, and they decide to go for a ride. In the backseat, Julius finds a ring left behind by Max and places it on his finger. POOF! Julius has back all his parts (and then some). There's a new vampire in Brooklyn, and his name is Julius Jones. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0111255
Action,Crime,Drama
1984. Ray Quick (Sylvester Stallone) and Ned Trent (James Woods) are explosives experts for the CIA, on an assignment to blow up a bridge while a certain vehicle is passing over it. Quick rigs everything on the bridge, after which Trent sets off the timer. As the target vehicle approaches, Quick sees a child inside, and pleads with Trent to stop the timer. Trent refuses. Quick runs back to the bridge and tries to disable the bomb there, but is too late. In the violent confrontation between Quick and Trent that follows, Quick vows that Trent's career in the CIA will be over because of this. Fast-forward to the "present day," which is 1994. Trent is indeed out of the CIA and now works as head of security for a mobster named Joe Leon (Rod Steiger), but still seeks revenge on Quick. Quick has also left the CIA and now works as a free-lance bomber-for-hire. He lives secretively in an abandoned waterfront warehouse he has converted into an armed bunker, and refuses to meet personally with his clients or even let them contact him. His only communication with clients is when he contacts them, usually by taking public transit to another part of the city and using a pay phone. On one such bus ride, Quick gets out of his seat and offers it to a pregnant woman, only to have a young hoodlum take the seat instead. Quick calmly beats the crap out of the hoodlum and all his friends, throwing one of them out a window (not open), and then re-offers the seat to the woman. This scene has no bearing on the plot, but helps us get to know Quick. Quick has been hired by a young woman named May Munro (Sharon Stone) to kill the three men who killed her parents years ago, who happen to be Joe Leon's son Tomas (Eric Roberts) and two henchmen. Eventually we learn that May has been hired by Trent to lure Quick out into the open where Trent can get his revenge. As Trent describes the arrangement, "You get your three corpses, I get Quick." May not only wants her corpses but wants to watch Tomas Leon die, and therefore spends time at parties at the Leon compound. Tomas takes a liking to her and makes a pass, which May pretends to respond to favorably. But afterwards she is so disgusted at having been that close to him that, when she gets home, she throws the dress she was wearing while with him in the trash, and mopes around the house the rest of the evening in nothing but her panties. This also does not advance the plot in any way, but helps us get to know May. After Quick dispatches the two henchmen in separate incidents (the second involving a bomb with an LED screen that displays "Bye Bye" before it explodes), Joe Leon convinces his friend the chief of police that the police need Trent's explosives expertise to help solve the case. The chief arranges for Trent to work with the bomb squad. In order to impress and intimidate his new colleagues, Trent takes some parts lying on a table at the bomb squad headquarters, puts together a bomb, and activiates it, daring the cops to deactivate it before it explodes. When they are unable to, he does. When Quick takes out Tomas, May arranges to be in the same room, and introduces herself (her real identity) to him right before the explosion. She is not injured but fakes her own death by going to the hospital and dropping her wallet into the purse of a dying junkie. Stallone goes to the funeral of the woman identified as May Munro, and finds the living May there, who is lurking in the background expecting him to show. They leave, after which Trent arrives somewhat less unobtrusively, confronting the priest at gunpoint and demanding that the coffin be opened. Quick and May go to a hotel, where their interactions in the bedroom and the shower go beyond discussion of business. But May leaves in the morning while Quick is still asleep and is captured by Trent, who forces her to reveal Quick's location. But when Trent and his men arrive at the hotel room, Quick is gone, and explosives he has rigged detach that portion of the hotel (with some of Trent's men in it) from the building as a whole, falling into the water below. With Trent prepared to kill her if she doesn't cooperate, May arranges to meet with Quick at a waterfront restaurant, but is able to word things in such a way that Quick recognizes that it's a trap. Quick and May escape out the back in a boat, but in an impressive bit of detective work, Trent and the cops determine the location of Quick's residence, and arrive the next morning with what looks like the entire police force. But Quick has the whole place rigged, and after several huge displays of pyrotechnics, Quick and May escape yet again. This time Trent does not. Along the way May has learned that it was Joe Leon himself who ordered the hit on her parents. So in the end, we find Joe opening a small package, in which he finds a locket, which he opens to reveal a picture of May's parents. Boom. Watching from nearby, May gets into a car with Quick and they drive away.
tt1434435
Drama,Horror,Thriller
An unknown woman enters a hospital and goes to the maternity ward dressed as a nurse. She passes a security guard, who asks for identification. She ignores him, and takes the elevator. She then grabs a baby, and tries to leave, only to be stopped by the security guard. He tries to reason with the unknown woman, only to be stabbed in the neck by an unseen man. Earlier................... Beth Sohapi (Jaime King) is having a birthday party for her husband, Daniel Sohapi (Frank Grillo) with the help of their friends, married couple Treshawn (Lyriq Bent) and Gina Jackson (Kandyse McClure). Meanwhile, three brothers, Ike (Patrick Flueger), Addley (Warren Kole), and Johnny Koffin (Matt O'Leary), are on the run from the law after a bank robbery gone wrong. Johnny, the youngest, has been shot, and has his brothers panicking. The brothers decide to head for home, so that their mother can provide them with a getaway. Back at the house, Dave Lowe (Tony Nappo) and his fiancee, Annette Langston (Briana Evigan), George Barnum (Shawn Ashmore) and his girlfriend, Melissa McGuire (Jessie Rusu), and Daniel's co-worker, and friend, Julie Ross (Lisa Marcos) arrive and are also celebrating Daniel's birthday. The news reports a tornado is heading their way, and the basement is tornado proof. The three brothers reach their mother's home, and find that their mother is nowhere to be found, and that their stuff has been replaced. Addley begins to freak out. Daniel, thinking it's his friend, Charlie, who has found a way in, goes upstairs to greet him, only to be attacked by the brothers. They learn that Beth and Daniel now own the house, after their mother lost the house on a foreclosure. As they are ready to flee the home, Beth appears from the basement. Confused, and not knowing what she is seeing, Beth flees but only reaches the front lawn, before Ike drags her back inside. Addley and Ike begin to bicker, and Beth tells them that George is a doctor. Ike makes her bring George upstairs, and threatens to kill Daniel if she tries to trick him. Without alerting her friends, Beth asks George for help, who is quickly forced to help Johnny. Ike gets a phone call from his sister, Lydia (Deborah Ann Woll), who informs him that she and their mother are now living in an RV,and will be on their way to the house. Just as Ike hangs up, Julie emerges from the basement, and is chased back down by Addley, who forces them down on the ground. Julie tries to run out the basement doors, but Addley pulls her, and she knocks herself out. Ike brings Beth and Daniel downstairs, and tells Addley to stay calm. As Ike begins to assist George, Addley stays downstairs harassing the hostages, by pretending to rape Annette, and taking Dave's wig. After a while, Lydia pulls over, and the brothers' "Mother" Natalie Koffin (Rebecca De Mornay) appears and is angry at Ike for losing their emergency phone. She also tells him that she has someone who will cross them across the border to Canada, but it will cost them ten thousand dollars. Natalie is taken to the basement and meets the hostages. Initially, she is nice to the hostages, thanking George for saving her son, and even tells Lydia to assist him. She also apologizes to the hostages for her children's mistake, explaining it is all a misunderstanding and she will be leaving in the morning after Johnny gets better. She learns that her sons have been sending her money every month, since she lost the house. She tries to ask Beth and Daniel, politely, for the money, but after they tell her that they have no idea of what she is talking about, she thinks that they are hiding it, and tries to get them to cave, by forcing Addley and Ike to break Daniel's hand. Afterwards, Natalie robs the hostages, and makes them write down their ATM pin numbers. As she tells Beth to go with Ike to withdraw all the money from their debit cards, Melissa quickly gets up, and runs upstairs, with Addley going after her. as she reaches the door, George attacks Addley, but is hit in the face with the gun. A frightened Melissa runs to the front door, and is shot in the face. After they load Melissa into the trunk, Beth and Ike take off, leaving Natalie and Addley to clean up the mess, while Lydia syphons the hostages' gas. After cleaning the mess, Natalie confronts Addley for hurting Annette. He breaks down, as his Mother punishes him. George wakes up, and is told that his life depends on Johnny, while he threatens to kill Johnny if anything happens to his friends. Meanwhile, Ike and Beth stop at a dumpster, where Ike forces Beth to throw Melissa over, after they find it to be locked. Back at the house, George notices that Lydia seems to have some issues, and has issues with Addley. Downstairs, in the basement, the hostages begin to split into two groups, as one wants to fight back, while the other wants to listen to the family. Lydia then appears and takes Annette upstairs, where she is forced to serve ice cream. She quickly realizes that George is still alive, and that Natalie just wants to protect her children. Beth and Ike pull over at an ATM, where Beth begins to withdraw the money, when two young party girls, Vicky Rice (A.J. Cook) and Jenna Luther (Alexa Vega) pull up in their car and get in line behind them, mocking Beth for taking so long. While Ike tries to get the women to go to another ATM, Beth tries to get Vicky's attention and warns her to leave, but before the two girls can, Ike realizes what is going on, and holds them hostage. Ike then teaches Beth a lesson (as they had an argument earlier that murder is human nature) by giving the girls one knife, and telling them that whoever kills the other, will get to live. Vicky picks the knife up, but quickly drops it after Jenna pleads. Ike then decides to kill them both, so Jenna kills Vicky. Jenna hears an ambulance, and runs towards it, but is shot down by Ike in the process. Back at house, Annette tries to get the others to listen, as Natalie is only helping her sons, only to be ignored by Treshawn. In the dump, two sanitation workers pull over, and find a whimpering Melissa behind the dumpster, and call the police. Lydia is in the restroom, trying to wash off some blood from her shirt, when George walks in. He finds her pills on the floor, and she informs him that she must take them because of her sensitive skin. George tells her that the pills are sugar, and learns she never saw a doctor, and was also home schooled. He then tells her that her mother lied to have Lydia cover herself up, so that boys don't notice her. He gives her his shirt, and she takes it, just as Natalie walks in on them. She warns George to stay away from her. As they hear the news, police officer Skay (Mike O'Brien), pulls over and Natalie forces Daniel to send the officer away, threatening to hurt Beth. Daniel co-operates with the officer, and sends him away. After being sent downstairs, Natalie realizes Daniel is a good liar, and tells Lydia to look for the money downstairs. There, Lydia finds a Valentine's Day card to Julie, from Daniel. Meanwhile, Ike tells Beth that they don't have enough money, so Beth tells him how Treshawn owns a dry cleaner's. Ike gives Beth the phone, and calls Treshawn to ask him for the safe's pass code. Treshawn does so, and also tells Beth he has a gun in the cabinet. As Johnny begins to bleed, he breaks down to his Mother, and tells her he doesn't want to die a virgin, breaking his Mother's heart. George, who asked to get cleaned up, finds Lydia, and asks who Queenie is, a name he heard earlier. A scared Lydia tells him the story of Queenie, a monster who her mother says lives in the woods, and punishes bad kids. Although she doesn't believe the story, she is still traumatized by the sounds she hears outside. Down in the basement, the hostages are trying to keep calm, when Addley comes down the stairs, and tells them that one of the women is getting lucky by popping his younger brother's cherry. As he asks who they choose to send upstairs, everyone turns their back on Julie, so Addley drags her upstairs. An angry Treshawn grabs a pool stick and runs after them, but Mother quickly brings Julie back downstairs, stating she is not worthy of her son, and quickly lays her eyes on Gina, after Treshawn tries to be the "strong man". She finds Gina perfect, and tells Addley to take Gina upstairs, who breaks down, and tells them that Dave works at a bank, and he and Annette are not friends of hers, nor Treshawn's. Mother Natalie, not knowing who to pick, forces Treshawn and Dave to fight, and the loser's woman will be forced upstairs. As the two men decline, she threatens to take both women. As Addley plays the song "Whack-A-Doo", Dave and Treshawn fight, as their women cheer for them not to give up. Treshawn ends up winning, and Annette is dragged upstairs by Addley. Back upstairs, Johnny has stopped breathing, and George is trying to convince Lydia to change her mind, as she is not like her family, but Lydia shows she loves her family, and will not turn against them. As Johnny is revived, Addley walks in with Annette, and calls his mother. Lydia notices what is going on, and warns her Mother that what she plans to do is not right, but Mother tells Lydia that they are lying to them, and are hiding the money. At the dry cleaner's, Beth mixes the combination numbers to buy some time at getting Treshawn's gun. After Ike opens the safe, and gets the money, Beth gets the gun, and points it at Ike. As he gives her the cellphone, Ike reaches for the gun, and Beth hits him in the head with an iron. She runs and hides in the clothes, after finding the doors locked. Ike begins taunting her, while she is on hold with the police. As she reaches the police, Ike catches her. Back at the house, Mother is makes Annette change into something more "decent". While looking through a box which contains pictures of a boy, and various newspaper articles, it is concluded Daniel and Beth have been having problems after their son was run over. Annette pleads that she believed Mother that no one would be hurt, but Mother ignores her pleads, and takes her to Johnny. As George tries to protect Annette, Lydia is forced to take him away, where they try to tune out the screams. Annette is forced to strip for Johnny, as Mother forces Annette to touch Johnny, who seems to feel pity for Annette. As they are about to begin, Johnny wounds begin to bring pain, and Annette is forced downstairs to the basement, after George tells her to go to the "gold box". Downstairs, Treshawn is able to unlock the basement doors, but is forced to retrieve back when Addley bursts downstairs with Annette. He taunts Dave by smacking Annette's butt, which causes Dave to attack Addley. As Gina runs to open the basement doors, Treshawn runs to help Dave, only for Addley to accidentally shoot Dave in the face, causing it to explode. As Addley apologizes, a hysterical Annette runs to her dead boyfriend, while Mother notices Gina is escaping. Mother turns to Daniel, and threatens to kill Beth if he doesn't bring Gina back. Ignoring Treshawn's pleads, Daniel runs after Gina, who has found no help as the tornado is getting closer. Gina hears Daniel, and pleads for him to go with her, as Mother will not let any of them live. Daniel declines, and tries to get Gina to go back with him, who doesn't agree, and tries to run away. Daniel grabs her, but Gina squeezes his broken hand, before fleeing after an ambulance. Daniel takes off after her, and pushes her down. Elsewhere, at the hospital, Melissa is rushed into the ER, but is unable to say what has happened to her, as they have drugged her. The tornado has brought a heavy storm, and Ike and Beth are almost at the house, when Officer Skay pulls them over, citing that he is forced to bring people to a shelter. Beth lets him know that she and her "husband" are on their way home, which is less than a mile away. Beth gives Skay the insurance, which includes her and Daniel's name. Skay sees the insurance, and understands that Beth is being held hostage. He tricks Ike by confusing Beth and Daniel's last name, "Sohapi" and "so happy". Ike falls for the confusion, and Skay makes him turn off the car. Ike, knowing the officer is on to him, gets out of the car, and shoots Skay down. He makes Beth drive, but then makes her run over Skay, as he is wearing a vest, but Beth flips the car over at the last minute. Meanwhile, Gina wakes up in the basement, with Mother standing over her, Addley boiling water, and Lydia pointing a gun at her. Mother lets Gina know that she will have to be punished. Mother gets out of sight, and Treshawn is now tied up in a column, with plastic wrap. Mother informs Gina that she will be punished by punishing Treshawn instead of her. Addley gets the boiling water, and burns Treshawn's ears. The hot water also goes into his eyes. Julie, Annette, and Daniel watch this in horror, as they are also tied up in a column with plastic wrap. Gina also watches in horror, not being able to do anything, as Lydia points a gun at her the whole time. Back at the storm, Skay gets up, being slightly injured, and goes to Beth's aide. Beth is injured, and lets Skay know that Ike is not moving. As Skay approaches to help Beth, Ike opens his eyes, and points the gun at Skay's forehead, before pulling the trigger, as Beth cries. Mother begins to walk around, thinking for a way to make Daniel give up the money, when she finds the box with his son's memories, and takes it to Daniel, where she taunts him with them. Daniel cries, as Mother burns a picture, and asks for the money. Daniel cries that he doesn't have it, angering Mother, who continues to burn all of his stuff. Mother then turns to Julie, and makes Addley drop liquor on her head, before burning her head. Mother then quickly goes to Julie, and puts the fire out, stating that "Marriage is sacred". As she goes upstairs, Mother begins to question whether she was doing wrong, torturing an innocent, so she begins to look around for the money. Gina, now tied up with plastic wrap on the floor, finds a way to get up. She turns on the chimney, and puts her bound hands through it, burning the plastic wrap off. She unties herself, and quickly goes to Treshawn. At the hospital, Melissa is able to wake up during operation, and warns the doctor that Beth is in trouble. The doctors get the police. Meanwhile, Annette remembers the gold box that George told her about, and tells Gina to open it. As Gina opens it and finds knives, Mother finds a painting in the restroom. She grabs it, and finds all the money that her sons have been sending her inside it. She orders Addley to bring Daniel upstairs. Addley goes to the basement and finds Treshawn missing, but before he can react, Daniel attacks him, and Gina puts plastic wrap over his face. Daniel and Annette then take turns stabbing him, as he apologizes for what he has done. Julie is also about to stab him, but drops him, showing remorse. Treshawn, now half deaf and blind, grabs Addley's gun, and goes upstairs to try and kill Mother. Gina goes after him, trying to stop him, but Treshawn does not hear her. She surprises Treshawn, who reacts quickly, and shoots her in the side. As he realizes what he did, Mother shoots him dead. Mother goes to the basement, and finds Addley dead. She calls Ike, and makes Daniel say goodbye to Beth. As he lets Beth know he is sorry, Mother shoots Daniel dead, as Beth listens, and breaks down. Mother then tells Ike that Addley is dead, and to bring Beth home. Ike then begins to grieve his brother's death. Back at the house, Lydia ties Julie and Annette with plastic wrap again. George begins to tell Mother that none of her kids look like one another, and look nothing like her. Mother, enraged, threatens to kill him, but Lydia convinces her that they need George. Ike and Beth then burst through the front door, and Mother lets Ike know Beth and Daniel had the money all along, and makes George and Lydia help Ike take Johnny to the RV. Mother reveals to Julie and Annette that Beth was the one who hid the money and is the one responsible for all their friend's deaths. Beth then reveals that she was hiding the money for the baby that she will have. She also reveals she knew Daniel was cheating, and wanted to leave him. Mother, now enraged, makes her take a pregnancy test. In the RV, Ike tells George he must now shoot George, as they don't need him anymore, but Lydia pleads that he can come with him. Ike agrees, and turns to Johnny. As George is going to thank Lydia, Johnny shoots him dead, stating that he knows George will somehow find a way to tell the police. Lydia exits the RV, and breaks down. Beth takes the pregnancy test, and it comes out positive. Mother tells Beth that she is lucky to have life in her belly. As she turns, Beth grabs the toilet lid, and knocks out Mother, before going to Annette and Julie. She unties Annette, and tells her about a rifle in the garage, while Beth unties Julie. Ike exits the RV, and goes looking for Lydia. After Beth unties Julie, who reveals to Beth she was Daniel's mistress, Annette gets the rifle, but finds it to be empty. Beth runs to the garage, while Julie says they should run for it. She goes to the front door, finds Lydia, and closes the door, before running after Beth. Julie runs into Ike, who is aiming a shotgun at her. She closes the door and tries to run away, but half her face is blown off as Ike shoots her. In the garage, Beth and Annette try looking for bullets, but are forced to hide when they hear Ike coming. Ike begins to look for them, but they attack him. He is able to grab Beth, but Annette shoots him in the face with a nail gun. They make a run for it, but Ike attacks them again. They begin to choke him, before filling his face with Drano, and then dropping a television on his face. The two hear Mother coming. Annette goes looking for help, while Beth faces Mother. Mother, now filled with raged that her oldest son is dead, goes after Beth. The two fight, and Mother is able to knock Beth down. Mother begins filling the house with gasoline, and lights it on fire, just as Beth wakes up. She grabs a cutting board, and knocks out Mother with it. She goes outside, just as the firefighters reach the house. She hugs Annette, just as the firefighters find a survivor. They find Gina, who is severely injured. Beth tells the firefighters that Mother is still inside, but the firefighters find no one, as the house burns down. Months later, Beth's water has broke, and she is taken to the hospital by Annette, Gina, and Melissa. That night, Beth wakes up to the emergency alarms going off. She gets up, and goes to check on her son, who is now missing. Beth screams in horror that her infant son is gone. In the final scene, Mother Natalie is revealed to be alive and well and was in fact the woman at the beginning who broke into the maternity ward, and Johnny was the unseen doctor who killed the security guard. Lydia is driving the RV, while Mother Natalie sings Beth's baby a lullaby and telling Lydia and Johnny that they have a new member to the family... implying that she has gotten her final twisted and cruel back-at-you revenge against Beth by abducting her baby and will raise it as her own... in a life of crime, murder and other debauchery.
tt0114857
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
Lt. Parker Barnes (Washington) and another officer, Donavan, step off of a subway car. Their surroundings appear to be glitching as they run down a crowded city street. Donavan is not sure of where he is going, but Parker runs confidently into a Japanese structure. Donavan asks what they are looking for, and Barnes replies that they will know when they find a man with eyes like his own. They see a man (Crowe) sitting behind a screen, and they begin firing upon him. He jumps out of the way and grabs a gun of his own to return the fire. The foe snidely knocks out his partner and promises to return for Barnes. Barnes searches for him inside the building, but the man is able to surprise him and injures his arm. As Barnes recovers, the man taunts him, until Barnes is able to successfully shoot him in the arm. Unfortunately, the villain cheats and is able to gain the upper hand. The men disappear from the scene, and is is shown that they are in a virtual reality mechanism and in peril. The men are going into shock, and Donavan dies. Wallace (Fichtner) and Elizabeth Deane (Fletcher) oversee the whole thing and argue about the failsafes before driving away. Parker claims again that the man, SID 6.7, cheated. He was not supposed to be able to electrocute people, as he found out by checking the database. The police chief, William Cochran (Forsythe) tells Barnes that he is trying to get him out of prison sooner, but all he wants is chalk. He then reprimands him for shooting another person within the program, but Barnes said that he wasn't real and he didn't want to end up like Donavan. Barnes then goes back to his automated prison cell, where it is revealed that he has a metal arm. He is forced to walk through a hall with many doors and people that are booing. A man emerges and attacks him with a knife, but Barnes wins handily and is dragged away by guards. Daryl Lidenmeyer (Spinelli), the program creator, approaches SID and tells him that he knows that he is the one that deactivated the protocols. SID says that killing was a real rush and refuses to be shut down. He says that in order to continue operations, Lidenmeyer needed to sacrifice his queen. A therapist, Madison Carter (Lynch), comes in to give a psychological evaluation on Barnes. He claims that he was defending himself in the fight yesterday, and subtly mocks her. She reveals that she was watching his simulation yesterday to research a book that she was writing. He tells her that he knew that SID was in the restaurant due to the :) on the building. She states that they need to talk about Matthew Grimes, the man who killed his wife and daughter and took his arm. She claimed they needed to make sure that his act of violence wouldn't ever happen again, to which he replied that it couldn't because his family was already dead. The scene cuts back to the testing lab where a woman in a robe is flirting with a man named Clyde (OConnor). She strips down to her underwear and begs him to come inside the program. Lidenmeyer approaches behind him and terminates the program, and offers to combine their technology of nanobots and AI to bring Sheila, the girl program, to life. Clyde agrees and goes to set up the necessary materials, while Lidenmeyer activates SID instead. SID begins flirting with Sheila, until Lidenmeyer deactivates him and takes out his module. He follows Clyde down to his lab where he shows him the nanotechnology that allows him to rebuild a part of a snake using glass. Clyde drops SIDs module, which he believes to be Sheilas, into a blue substance. Parker lies on the floor of his cell with his chalk, and has flashbacks of his family. SID is able to emerge from a shell into a nano body of his own. He immediately kills Clyde, and searches for Daryl who has fled out of fear. SID chops off his own finger and watches it regrow. The police chief vouches for Barnes to be able to catch SID out on the streets. They offer him a full pardon if he is able to catch SID in the real world, but he would be tracked for the rest of his life. He mocks them for thinking he would agree to be treated like an animal for their mistakes. However, allows them to place the microchip into his head. Carter says that she would like to go with Parker and threatens to go public if denied. Barnes dislikes the idea of Carter going with him, and he states that he is not responsible for her if anything happens. She suggests that they start by investigating earlier models of SID to figure out his motives. SID dresses himself in a suit in a room that contain the bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Edwards. Barnes and Carter arrive at the scene to see the decapitates bodies and a message scrolled on the walls. They determine that SID is copycatting murders; starting with the Manson murders. They go back to the building where they can run the earlier SID programs and learn that he is composed of almost 200 different murderers. Barnes is horrified to learn that one of these murders is Matthew Grimes. Carter comes back to her house to see her daughter, Karin (Cuoco), and Barnes cringes watching her. She calls Cochran to ask why Grimes would have attacked Barnes's family, when he was a political activist. Barnes was getting too close to his plans, so he kidnapped his family to throw him off. Karin approaches Barnes's car and they make small talk about baseball. (Simultaneously) SID goes to a club where people in leather are dancing and taking photographs. He approaches the main woman in leather, and then shoots the head off an automated bartender. He forces everyone down to the ground, shoots a man trying to run, and forces a woman to film him. Barnes picks up the news of SID's hostage situation and drives there with Carter. SID is recording peoples screams and cries to make a symphony. Parker leaves his vehicle to rush onto the scene. SID shoots four cops who come inside, and he alerts everyone that they are almost out of time. Parker arrives and empties his entire mag into SIDs back, who leaps onto an elevator, flicks him off, and escapes in a cop car. Parker jumps onto the hood of the car and shoots it as it races away. Carter follows and picks him up to chase him. SID eats the glass from the broken windshield to patch himself back back up. He giggles and crashes into cars along the road, while taunting Barnes through the police radio. He gets out and stands on top of the car and jumps over the side of the bridge. Wallace complains to Deane about having to destroy the future of nanotechnology. Cochran scolds Barnes for shooting Sid that many times in a populated area. Deane, Barnes, Cochran, and Wallace discover that he is evolving into something new. SID walks through an electronics store and changes every TV to the news coverage of his attack from the previous night. A man switches the channel to watch his wrestling program, so SID breaks his neck while someone records on a camcorder. Carter and Barnes arrive at the store and discover that SID has probably gone to the wrestling match, due to the enormous number of people. The crew up in the control room have been slaughtered, unbeknownst to the crowd who is still cheering. SID flirts with a beautiful woman in the crowd and throws her boyfriend on the bottom floor. He backflips onto the floor and then into the ring, before spotting Parker in the audience and running out of the stadium. Parker chases him out of the building and onto a light rail. SID holds up a woman in front of him and taunts him while the rail pulls away. Barnes shoots anyway and the hostage falls down dead, and SID rides away on the train. The police put Parker in the back of a van to return him to prison. Parker tells Carter that SID is now mocking him with Grimess catchphrase; "This ones for you Parker", before killing someone. Carter checks the body and finds out that the woman was shot from the back, so Parker couldn't have killed him. She realizes that SID is trying to set him up and tells Cochran, but he doesn't believe her. Barnes is sitting in the van and has another flashback about his family. In it, Grimes is being interviewed by a reporter and spots Parker sneaking in through a window. Parker hears cries and rushes to find his wife and daughter locked up in a room with a bomb. They beg him to help them, but when he enters the room, a motion sensor sets the bomb off, killing them both and blowing off Barnes's arm. Barnes rushes in and kills Grimes's henchman and finally Grimes. The reporter and cameraman approached him from the back, and he turned around shooting blindly and killed them. Back in the van, SID arrives and talks to him through the grates.Then he opens the back of the van and throws Barnes the key. He reveals that the microchip in Barnes's head has the capability of killing him in 30 seconds, and then frames him for killing two guards before disappearing. Barnes calls Carter to let her know hes with his family. Carter then calls Cochran who now believes that Barnes is innocent. She also tells him about the neurotoxin in the microchip. Wallace readies the satellite for the activation of the toxin, but Cochran busts in and destroys the machines. Carter finds Barnes at his family's grave and they rush off to try to stop SID from his next demonstration at the largest television event ever. While people on the street are chanting about borders and guns, SID kills the men in the sound booth and tweaks controls to project Death TV. He then shoots a man in the head on camera. He states that he can do any kind of killing that the viewers want to see, but his first victim will be Karin Carter, Madison's daughter. Madison begins crying hysterically, so Barnes promises to find her, but she needs to find a way to cut off all phone lines to the building. SID states that Karin will be blown up in two hours, and the viewer number continues to rise. Barnes is spotted by the police, but escapes the gunfire by entering an elevator. Lidenmeyer returns from hiding, but Carter pistol whips him across the face. SID puts a gun in a man named Ed's mouth, but releases him when the phone lines go dead. Barnes arrives and shoots SID many times, but he escapes through the ceiling. They exchange gunfire, and a helicopter threatens Barnes. Barnes shoots SID multiple times and they fight on the rooftops, before crashing into a glass building with glass sheets. The shards stuck through SID's body and separate his limbs. Barnes believes that he is incapacitated, and gets very close to him. However, SID grabs Parker and attempts to impale him, as well, while regenerating his arms and legs. Parker punches through SID's head and grabs the module; effectively disabling the antagonist. Carter walks in with Lidenmeyer, who states that Barnes has now ruined his chances of finding Karin. Parker stares into the module and relives the moment before the crash through the wall. However, this time, SID wins and throws Barnes over the wall and onto the pavement. Carter approaches SID who kidnaps her and takes her to her daughter. It is revealed that this time, Barnes and Madison are within the virtual reality mechanism, but SID does not realize this. SID flirts with Madison against a building that holds Karin. Daryl kills Cochran with a tire lever, which traps Barnes inside the simulation. SID sends Barnes into sensory overload in an attempt to kill him, so Madison shoots Daryl to help Barnes out of the mechanism. Barnes punches Wallace and unplugs SID, then tells Carter that they are going to save her daughter. Barnes avoids the booby traps by climbing in the fan in the top, but realizes that Karin is sitting on a press switch, so he cannot move her. Carter tells her daughter to remain very still. Barnes pulls a wire out of his arm and connects to to the computer box and successfully disarms the timer. The bomb squad neutralize the bomb and save the girl.
tt1379177
Crime,Thriller
Vic and Danny kidnap Alice, the daughter of a rich man, for the ransom money. Unknown to Vic, Danny and Alice are in a relationship and Danny plans to keep all the ransom money for Alice and himself. Alice hates her father for cutting her out of her inheritance, therefore Danny assumes that she will be happy with his plan. She must not be informed about the plan, nor about Danny's identity; she has to be genuinely frightened, otherwise Vic would become suspicious. While Vic is away, and Danny is guarding the imprisoned Alice, she manages to grab his gun, which she fires into the wall. When she points the gun at Danny, he is forced to reveal his identity to her, and explain the plan. She is angry, but agrees to play along, for fear of Vic killing them both. Danny finds the empty shell on the floor and has to swallow it to hide it from Vic. Later, while they're having sex, Alice manages to handcuff Danny to the bed and pick up the gun, which Danny eventually manages to take off her. Vic returns and finds a mobile phone on Alice's person showing that she has managed to call the police. He also finds the bullet in the wall and he forces Alice to tell him about Danny's plan. Vic is shocked that Danny has deceived him, even more so because the two of them are lovers, observing that Danny could not have faked his arousal. Vic shoots Danny in the forest where the money was supposed to be handed over. Vic then goes to Alice who has been locked up in a warehouse. He tries to give her an injection but the wounded Danny overcomes him and shoots him instead, taking the ransom money and leaving Alice there alone. Before Vic dies he gives keys to Alice who manages to escape. She then finds Danny outside the warehouse, also dead, and drives off with the money.
tt1337057
Action,Crime,Thriller
Bill Williamson (Brendan Fletcher) is a warped, frustrated young man who hates his life and hates society which leads him to be driven over the edge of sanity while keeping his craftiness on. He is in his early twenties, lives with his parents (Matt Frewer and Lynda Boyd) and he works a low-paid job as a mechanic. Psychologically, he is continually bombarded with the problems of the world, by ubiquitous TV sets, radios, and the views of Evan Drince (Shaun Sipos), a left-wing philosopher who seems to be his sole friend. One day, Bill, after being hurt after his parents tell him that it's time he left home, and tired of being victimized by his nasty boss at work, Bill acts upon his plan to reduce the town's population. He believes overcrowding causes the world's problems. Determined to extract revenge upon his small town where he lives, Bill, builds himself a full-body suit of Kevlar armor, complete with a ballistic helmet and a paintball mask from parts he has had sent to Evan's home over a period of time. Evan lives with his survivalist father. One day, Bill dons his suit of Kevlar armor, and goes to town. First he incapacitates the police by car-bombing their headquarters with a bomb-laden van which he drives by remote control. He then begins to kill the town folk, shooting people at random. The police return fire, but Bill kills all of them too with ease. Bill enters a beauty salon to take a rest and have a drink of water from his rampage. But then he kills all of the employees and customers (all of them women) in cold blood because he was forced to remove his paintball mask to have some water. Next, in the film's funniest scene, Bill enters a bingo hall where he is hardly noticed by the elderly and senile people... all playing bingo. Out of pity, Bill does not open fire on the senior citizens playing bingo, but instead orders a sandwich and a drink from the concession stand and then walks out of the building, deciding to let the bingo-playing old people live since their lives will end sooner then most others. A little later, Bill robs a bank, killing some of the employees. Outside the bank he puts on a show by burning fake money, which he had printed up earlier, to show that it is worthless and causes the problems of the world. Bill then goes to the fast-food place and kills the counter-girl who had clumsily served he and Evan the previous day. Bill then drives out of town with a small group of police in pursuit. But Bill has even more out-of-the-blue tricks up his sleeve when he sets off some roadside bombs, destroying the police cars, and drives off the road into the nearby forest, with the sheriff and the last surviving cops in chase. Bill ambushes and kills them all. After the killings, Bill calls Evan, who is in the forest nearby expecting him for a mano-a-mano paintball competition. When he arrives at the forest, Bill apologizes to Evan for having him wait for an hour. He then immobilizes Evan with a stun gun, places a pistol in his hand, and shoots him in the head to simulate suicide. Bill leaves the body of Evan wearing the armor suit, and holding the weapons of the massacre. He leaves the forest and makes his way home, arriving before his parents arrive with horror stories about the killings in town. After listening to his parents, he retires to his bedroom to sleep. In his room, while packing his belongings and stolen bank money, he hears a local television news report that police believe Evan Drince is the dead perpetrator of the killings and the bank robbery. The police have arrested Evan's father, a well-known extremist and political hack whom they blame for influencing him to carry out this killing spree. In the final scene, the deranged Bill leaves the house of his parents, as told. The story of the mass murder concludes with a video recording of Bill announcing his departure on a personal quest to unknown whereabouts, to further reduce the world's population in more mass shootings and to frame more people he befriends to continue on his evil and misanthropic quest.
tt0460745
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Frank Allen (Ryan Reynolds) is a professional speaker who lectures on time management and he lives by example by perfectly maximizing his efficiency through scheduling and planning his own life down to the minute. One day when his wife Susan (Emily Mortimer) decides to set the alarm clock back 10 minutes, in hopes of giving her husband an extra ten minutes of time in the morning; she accomplishes the exact opposite. From missing the ferry to arriving late to his lecture on time management, Frank experiences an off day. While driving home, he sees a pregnant woman in need of help of getting to the hospital and he decides to offer the stranger a lift. At the hospital, Frank is asked to fill out some paper work, and not thinking much about his situation, he puts his own information down and the nurses at the hospital misunderstand and assume he is the father. The following morning, before Frank arrives home, a nurse from the hospital calls attempting to reach him and his wife answers the phone. The nurse, in trying to contact who she thought was the father, leads Susan to believe it is Frank's baby and she presupposes he is cheating on her and leading a double life. When Frank arrives home, he is unable to clear up the misunderstanding and Susan throws him out of the house. Susan then refuses to speak to him, and only allows him to see his daughter after school. In an attempt to prove his honesty to his wife by demonstrating that it is not his baby, Frank sees a doctor and receives the news that he was never able to reproduce to begin with, since he has Klinefelter's syndrome. A few days later, the stranger brings her baby to the Allens' house in hopes of thanking him for his kindness, only to find his wife at home. After the stranger introduces herself and her baby to Susan, she clears up the misunderstanding, but the damage is done since Frank now knows that their child is not really his. The tides change dramatically as Frank realizes that he was the one in the relationship who was faithful, and goes through a withdrawal as he tries to comprehend how his daughter could not be his and how wrong his life turned out when he believed that he has always stayed straight and narrow. After giving a life-changing speech about living on whim at his own time management lecture, he decides to live his life based on chance from that moment on. He starts his reformed outlook on life with the simple idea of possibility and randomness by making his decision based shuffling three index cards with written options and choosing one at chance. Through his journey, he learns more about love, friendship, faith, hope and life than he ever imagined.
tt0101917
Fantasy,Horror
In 1999, ten years have passed since the fifth film; Alice Johnson and her son Jacob have moved away from Springwood, and Freddy Krueger has returned and succeeded in killing nearly all of the children in the town of Springwood, Ohio. The only surviving teenager, known only as "John Doe", finds himself confronted by Freddy in a dream and is knocked past the town of Springwood's city limits by Freddy. The city limits serve as a barrier that Freddy cannot cross, and the hole John makes when he goes through the barrier closes as soon as Freddy touches it. However, when John goes through the barrier, he hits his head on a rock and does not remember who he is or why he is outside of Springwood. Meanwhile, at a shelter for troubled youth, Spencer, Carlos and Tracy plot to run away from the shelter. Carlos was physically abused by his parents, resulting in a hearing disability, Tracy was sexually abused by her father, and Spencer simply does not want to conform to his father's overbearing lifestyle. John, after being picked up by the police, becomes a resident of the shelter and a patient of Dr. Maggie Burroughs. Maggie notices a newspaper clipping in John's pocket from Springwood. In an effort to cure John's amnesia, she decides it would be best to go on a road trip to Springwood to jog his memory. Tracy, Carlos, and Spencer stow away in the van in their effort to escape the shelter, but are discovered when John has a hallucination and almost wrecks the van just outside Springwood. Tracy, Spencer, and Carlos, after unsuccessfully trying to leave Springwood, decide to rest at a nearby abandoned house, which transforms into 1428 Elm Street (Nancy Thompson's/Jesse Walsh's former home). Meanwhile, John and Maggie visit Springwood Orphanage and discover that Freddy had a child. John believes he is the child because Freddy allowed him to live. Back on Elm Street, Carlos and Spencer fall asleep and become prey to Freddy. Tracy is awakened by Maggie, but John, who went into the dream world with Tracy to try to help Spencer, is still asleep. Maggie and Tracy decide to take him back to the shelter. However, on their way back, Krueger kills John in his dream, but not before revealing that Krueger's kid is a girl. As John dies, he reveals this information to Maggie. Tracy and Maggie return to the shelter, but they discover that no one remembers John, Spencer, or Carlos except for Doc, who has learned to control his dreams. Maggie remembers what John told her and discovers her own adoption papers, learning that she is Freddy's daughter. Doc discovers Freddy's power comes from the "dream demons" who continually revive him, and that Freddy can be killed if he's pulled into the real world. Maggie decides that she will be the one to enter Freddy's mind and pull him into the real world. Once in the dream world, she puts on a pair of 3-D glasses the theatrical version of the film was in 3D during the climax and goes into Freddy's mind. There, she finds out that Freddy was teased as a child, abused by his foster father, inflicted self-abuse as a teenager, and murdered his wife. Freddy was given the power to become immortal from fiery demons. After some struggling, Maggie manages to pull Freddy into the real world. Maggie and Freddy end up in hand-to-hand combat against one another. While Maggie continues to battle Freddy she uses several weapons confiscated from patients at the shelter. Enraged by the knowledge of what he has done, she disarms him of his clawed glove. Eventually, Maggie stabs Freddy in the stomach with his own glove while she is close to him. Doc then throws Maggie a pipe bomb. After she impales Freddy to a steel support beam she throws the bomb in his chest. As she runs away from the impending explosion, Freddy looks into the camera and says "Kids". after which he explodes. The three dream demons are then seen flying out of Freddy after the pipe bomb kills him, unable to revive him in the real world. Maggie then smiles at Tracy and Doc and says "Freddy's Dead".
tt0377091
Crime,Drama
At a middle school in a small Oregon town, 14-year-old George Tooney sets up a camera on his school basketball court to record his free-throws. While he is shooting, shy student Sam Merrick picks up the camera to take a look. Defensive and angry, George beats Sam up. Sam confides in both his protective older brother Rocky and his budding girlfriend, Millie, who urges Sam to take a higher road. Sam's older brother Rocky confides in his friends, Clyde and Marty, who are also familiar with George's reputation as a bully (he previously mocked Clyde for having two gay dads). While they agree that they need to stand up for Sam, they have different approaches. Clyde, who is sensitive and a bit of an outsider himself within the group, is more sympathetic and passive. Marty, who has issues with anger and trauma stemming from his father's suicide, his mother's apathy and his older brother's abuse, favors a more righteous form of revenge. Eventually, they hatch a plan with Sam to invite George on a fake birthday party for Sam, which George all-too eagerly accepts. They plan to drive to a local creek where they will spend the afternoon on a boat and, in an orchestrated game of Truth or Dare, get George to strip his clothes and jump in the lake, leading him to hitch a ride home in the nude. When the gang consisting of Sam, Rocky, Marty, Clyde and Millie (who is not yet aware of the plan) arrive at George's house, he is working on his video diary for the day. He leaves without telling his mother where he will be, and gives Sam a present a large, high-end water gun. They run into Marty's obnoxious older brother at a convenience store on the way. Throughout the drive and the journey to the boat it becomes clear that George, while annoying and occasionally harsh, is truly desperate to fit in and resorts to aggression as a cover-up. He also admits to having a learning disability, which he hopes to be accepted for. En route to the boat, Sam tells Millie about the plan. Millie is sympathetic to George, and asks Sam to call off the plan or she won't get on the boat. Once they set sail, George tries to warm up the gang even more, though his attempts still come off as awkward. On a pit stop, Sam urges Rocky and Clyde to call off the plan, and both are receptive. When they relay the request to Marty, however, he lashes out, and only agrees begrudgingly. Later, on the boat, the game of truth or dare starts, and as George starts to have more fun, he becomes more aggressive and slowly wears down Marty. After making an innocent remark about fathers, which he immediately tries to retract, Marty begins to tear into George verbally, and reveals the gang's plan. Feeling betrayed and realizing it isn't even Sam's birthday, George goes on a verbal tirade against each one of the group, particularly Clyde and Marty. As he begins to repeatedly taunt Marty about his father's suicide, a fight erupts. Rocky, intervening, pushes George, causing him to fall off the boat. No one dives in to save George right away, with none of them realizing that he can't swim. George struggles for some time until he is knocked on the head (possibly by his camera) and goes under. The others dive in and pull George from the lake, and Millie tries to revive him with CPR, but the effort is in vain and George is already dead. Traumatized and unsure of what to do, Marty reasons that the only thing to do is bury the body. While Rocky and Millie suggest going to the police and explaining that it's an accident, Marty balks at the idea, reminding them that the video camera (which has been left in the creek) contains Marty's taped confession of the original plan. Reluctantly, they bury George and hitch a ride back to the spot where Marty's car has been left. Marty talks to his brother to tie up the loose end, and his brother agrees to not turn him in. The others, racked with guilt, meet at Sam and Rocky's house, and decide they must go to the police. When Marty joins the group, he feels angry that they have made the decision without him, and refuses to be part of the confession. He flees with his brother's gun and his own car, holding up a gas station along the way. The rest of the gang goes to George's house to inform her of the news. The scene then cuts to a police station, where officers question Sam about the confrontation. Several officers recover George's camera and review the footage, which includes George's video diary taped prior to the day. In it he talks about his goals for fame and popularity, his desire to be understood and the way he sees the world. George's body is exhumed as his mother, Sam and police watch.
tt0460829
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
The film begins with an image of an old vinyl playing "the longest-running radio play in history." Indistinguishable filtered voices can be heard in the recording. Eventually the scene fades into what appears to be a dimly lit hotel hall, where a man and a woman, both of whose faces are blurred beyond any recognition, stumble into a hotel room. Speaking Polish, the man asks the woman to undress, which she does reluctantly. As she does this, the man asks her if she knows what whores do, to which she replies "they fuck." Presumably the woman is herself a prostitute. Next, in another hotel room, a raven-haired woman, known only as the Lost Girl (Karolina Gruszka) sits crying while watching a television. On the television is an eerie sitcom about a family of rabbit-people in a small room who speak in terse, seemingly meaningless sentences, that are occasionally followed by a non-sequitur laugh-track. The female rabbit talks about a "secret" that apparently the male rabbit knows about. A knock at the door transpires. All three rabbits are captivated by it, and the male rabbit goes to answer it, but the knocker is not revealed. He walks out through the door and it closes behind him. The Male Rabbit enters a dimly lit room, which then fades into a lavish golden room where a bald man sits on a couch. Another gruff-looking Polish man stands talking to him. The seated man talks about seeking an opening, and the standing man juggles variations of the phrase "do you understand?" The scene changes. An old woman with bulging eyes (Grace Zabriskie), walks down a suburban neighborhood, looking dizzy. She steps onto the porch of a lavish mansion and when a butler answers, she introduces herself as a "new neighbor" who would like to greet the homeowner. The house belongs to Nikki Grace (Laura Dern), a well-known actress, and she invites the old woman in. The neighbor says that she heard Nikki got a new part for a film called On High in Blue Tomorrows. Nikki tells her it isn't for certain since the audition took place very recently, but the woman insists she has gotten it. The neighbor then talks about a boy who opened a door and saw the world, thus creating a reflection that caused evil to be born. She adds "a variation" of the tale, about a girl who got lost in an alley behind a marketplace, and then remembered something. The woman then asks if there's a murder in the movie for which Nikki auditioned. Nikki says no. Nikki, increasingly confused and unsettled by the woman's manner, asks her to leave. Ignoring Nikki, the neighbor explains that she has trouble keeping track of time: yesterdays, todays, and tomorrows. She remarks that it may be 9:45 a.m. when it is in fact after midnight. The neighbor points across the room and says that, if it were tomorrow, Nikki would be over there. Time shifts and we see Nikki, now sitting where the woman indicated, receive news via telephone that she's won the audition. An indefinite time after she hears that she has gotten the part for the film, Nikki appears with her co-star, Devon Berk (Justin Theroux) on "The Marilyn Levins Show", a talk show akin to "The View" and other celebrity programs. Marilyn asks both actors whether or not they will have an on-set affair, to which both Nikki and Devon respond negatively. Afterwards, Devon is told by his entourage that Nikki is "hands-off," since Nikki's husband is an extremely influential and powerful figure. Afterwards on a studio soundstage, Nikki and Devon prepare to read through the script with their director, Kingsley Stewart (Jeremy Irons) and his assistant Freddie Howard (Harold Dean Stanton). Later, while they rehearse a scene, there is a disturbance somewhere in the set. Devon goes to investigate the noise, but doesn't find anything. Kingsley chooses the tense moment to disclose, reluctantly, that On High in Blue Tomorrows is in fact a remake of an older unfinished Polish film called 47, which was abandoned since it was rumored that it was cursed. Kingsley nervously assures them both that nothing will come of it. At this point, Nikki's world begins to blend with that of the film they are making, putting into question whether or not the alleged "curse" is in fact real. A woman with severe stomach wounds (Julia Ormond) tells a cop she is going to kill someone with a screwdriver. This actress will later reappear as the wife of Billy Side, a character in Nikki's film. In early 20th Century Poland, prostitutes confront various pimps while murder permeates their city. In present-day Poland, a mafia-like organization discusses one of their captives, remarking that the man claimed he was from "Inland Empire." One day off the set, Nikki is shopping for groceries when she sees "Axx o Nn," chalked onto a wall with an arrow pointing to a door. She passes through the door and enters a movie studio. She hears voices and begins running. She looks back: she sees herself, Devon, Kingsley and Freddie from the scene earlier in the movie when they heard a strange noise. Devon comes along to investigate just as he did before. Susan realizes that SHE was in fact the intruder, and that she had heard herself sneak into the studio. Nikki evades exposure by hiding behind the facade of the house in the movie where her character lives. When she crosses the threshold, it miraculously metamorphoses into an actual house somewhere in the suburbs. Nikki sees it is filled with prostitutes who are having a surreal party, and dancing to 60's music. She listens to their stories, smoking and donning their suggestive garb, eventually becoming one herself. It slowly turns out that Nikki is in fact Susan Blue, the character that she portrays in the movie, who lives in a suburban home with her husband Smithy. Nikki (now called Susan) is at a backyard party with her husband and several of his circus troupe associates. She sees two of the prostitutes from earlier scenes seated on the grass some distance away and addresses a question to them that they asked her earlier in the movie: "look at me, and tell me if you've seen me before." Susan wanders into a backyard dressed in a business suit and finds a man with a light bulb in his mouth. Frightened, she brandishes a screwdriver at him, and runs away. Susan runs down Hollywood Boulevard, attempting to flee the woman with the screwdriver who is now stalking her. Wandering the streets bloody and lost while attempting to escape the treacherous woman, Susan hides in a nightclub, where she meets in a back room with a fat man with glasses known only as Mr. K (Erik Crary). She begins an epic and foul-mouthed monologue in which she unloads all her childhood scars, including being molested as a girl, when she gouged out the eye of her rapist. Susan leaves the nightclub and runs down the street where the woman stabs her with the screwdriver and leaves her for dead. Susan wanders over to a closed down storefront where she collapses to the ground, coughing up blood and sees three homeless people-- a black man (Terry Crews), a woman missing half of her teeth, and a young Japanese woman-- staring at her. The Japanese woman, speaking with an almost unintelligibly thick accent, rambles on to Susan and her street friends about her drug addicted friend Nico who lives in Pomona with her pet monkey. Susan then dies, and.... Kingsley yells "Cut!" The entire event is revealed to be the movie's final scene shot, and the street people are actors who walk off the set. Susan, now turned back to Nikki, leaves the set and wanders through the streets to an old hotel where, down a dark corridor, she finally confronts the standing man from earlier in the film, known now as "The Phantom." She shoots him, which causes his face to become hideously disfigured, at first becoming a disturbing copy of Nikki's own face, but eventually morphing into something closely resembling a fetus. We next go to the rabbits again, who are once more faced with the opened door. Nikki then goes to the hotel room where the Lost Girl is being held, opens the door and with a bright light and kiss from Nikki, the Lost Girl is freed from her prison and disappears, as does Nikki. The Lost Girl returns to her home in the suburban San Fernando Valley where she is the real Susan Blue and she is reunited with her husband Smithy and her young son who are happy to be back together at last. Nikki reappears in the mansion where she was first introduced, calm and smiling once more. The film ends in a hotel lobby as the group of prostitutes join another group of women in dancing to Nina Simone's "Sinnerman" while two lumberjacks saw a tree.
tt0147612
Comedy,Drama
Happiness is an ensemble drama that skips around between multiple storylines. The protagonist, Joy, is the youngest of three sisters. The film opens with her breaking up with a man. He responds with unreasonably malicious vitriol and ultimately takes his own life a few days later. In an attempt to contribute more to society she decides to work at a refugee education center, where she is despised by her students for being a scab during the teachers strike. The only student who is kind to her seduces her only to rob her and then request $1,000 (to which she complies). Joys middle sister, Trish, is a housewife who claims to be happily married, and casually remarks to Joy how their entire family assumes that Joy will be a terrible failure. Trishs husband, Bill is a therapist and, in addition to instructing their son how to masturbate and having fantasies about going on shooting sprees, is also a pedophile. He develops a fixation on Johnny, a friend of their son and eventually sodomizes him after drugging his entire family when Johnny is sleeping over. Bill later rapes another of his sons friends and is eventually accused and indicted. Joys eldest sister, Helen is a conceited author who writes fiction that she herself recognizes as empty and exploitative. She desires to know what it is like to be raped and abused. Coincidentally, her neighbor Allens hobby is making obscene phone calls to women (including Joy) while masturbating. Allen eventually calls Helen and she unexpectedly demands that he meet her. He agrees and when she discovers that he is her homely, shy neighbor she rejects his advances and demands that he leave. Allens feelings of loneliness and isolation, which he expounds upon in great detail to Bill, his therapist, are eventually quelled when he finally pays attention to Kristina, another tenant who lives down the hall. While on a date with her, Kristina confides in Allen that she was raped by the doorman of their building. Subsequently she broke his neck, chopped his body into pieces, placed the pieces into Ziploc bags and stored them in her freezer. She has been smuggling them out of the building piece by piece for the last week. Joy's parents are also unhappy. Her dad separates from her mother but upon trying to have sex with another woman, discovers that he simply cannot feel any emotion for anyone or anything. The end of the movie finds the three sisters sitting at dinner with the parents, everyone condescending to Joy. Meanwhile Trishs son is out on the balcony and finally, at long last, successfully masturbates. The dog races over to lick up the ejaculate only to return to the dinner table and lick Trish on the mouth. The boy races into the kitchen and proudly declares, I came!
tt0438315
Drama,Romance,Sport
The story is about a young gymnast Dan Millman played by Scott Mechlowicz, and his struggle to make sense of his life in which he is successful but still unfulfilled. By chance he meets his "Yoda"/Shaolin priest/Boss Paul who helps him "git his haid straight" after which he goes on to be comfortable with his athletic prowess albeit not exactly Olympic caliber. When one is successful, one does not have the time and patience to look back or forward. Dan is leading his life in chase of a dream - to get a gold in the Olympics. He and his coach knows that he is the best, but still inside he too knows that something is missing. It was in one of his sleepless nights that he meets a petrol pump attender who changes his life - step by step. He also realizes the change but he is not ready to let go the garbage within him. As the petrol pump attenders says "I call myself a Peaceful Warrior... because the battles we fight are on the inside." The movie takes a u turn when Dam meets with an accident - where his leg bone just shatters, it is not only the leg that breaks but also his heart to go forward for his only love- the Olympics."A warrior does not give up what he loves, he finds the love in what he does." Socrates(as Dam calls him), the petrol pump attender teaches the guy to find his long lost love and dream. But towards the end he finds the hard truth that Socrates was a illusionist character - whose sole purpose of life was to take Dan to his dream and make him prepared to win the battle within him. This is almost a "Rocky IX" type movie with a wonderful happy ending.
tt1251757
Comedy,Crime,Drama
In 1995, everyone had a VCR, music was sold in record stores, and the world-wide-web was a new found discovery. Businessman Jack Harris (Luke Wilson) had the perfect life a beautiful family and a successful career fixing problem companies. Then he met Wayne Beering (Giovanni Ribisi) and Buck Dolby (Gabriel Macht), two genius but troubled men, who had invented the way adult entertainment is sold over the internet. When Jack agrees to help steer their business, he soon finds himself caught between a 23 year-old porn star and the FBI all the while becoming one of the wealthiest entrepreneurs of his time. Witness a story so outrageous, you won't believe it's true. A story that proves business is a lot like sex getting in is easy, pulling out is hard.
tt0848557
Fantasy,Horror,Sci-Fi
The movie begins with news reporters filming a story about the death of an immigrant couple and their child. As they are wheeled out of their apartment building on a gurney, the mother and the child suddenly wake up and attack the emergency services crew on site. Both are shot in the head, but not before biting quite a few of the people. After an introduction to the zombie documentary ('The Death of Death') mostly filmed by Jason Creed (Joshua Close), a film student at the University of Pittsburgh, the film cuts to the group of students filming a mummy horror movie in the woods in the middle of the night, with Jason directing. The actor playing the mummy, Ridley Wilmot (Phillip Riccio), is lectured on the way a corpse moves and the make-up artist, Tony Ravelo (Shawn Roberts), on not doing a good enough job on the make-up of the zombie. While the group argues, another student, named Elliot Stone (Joe Dinicol), declares that something strange is on the news. All the students, and their supervising professor hear the reports of the dead waking, and Tony scoffs at the news. After hearing the report, Ridley decides to head to his home in Philadelphia, along with his girlfriend Francine Shane (Megan Park), another student. The group gets into their Winnebago and heads over towards the university dorms to pick up Debra Monahan (Michelle Morgan), Jason's girlfriend. Entering the abandoned dormitory, he finds Debra in her room, attempting to get through to her parents, but to no avail. On the laptop computer next to her is the news report that was shown at the beginning of the movie. They get on the road once more, and Jason requests that each of the people introduce themselves to the camera, because he believes what is going on will be a part of history, and wants to document everything. Each of the group members introduce themselves hesitantly, starting with Mary Dexter (Tatiana Maslany), the driver, and moving to Debra, and Tony, then to Elliot, Gordo Thorson (Chris Violetti), his girlfriend Tracy Thurman (Amy Lalonde), and finally their professor, Andrew Maxwell (Scott Wentworth). While they drive, they encounter a car accident on the side of the road, where a State Trooper slowly stumbles towards the caravan. The students are frightened as he looks as though he has been fried from the fire of the accident. He begins to pound on the door, and the group quickly drive off, running over three other zombies as they escape. Mary falls quickly into depression as she realizes that she has murdered three people. Stopping for a break outside, Mary shoots herself with a pistol she was carrying, prompting the group to panic. Discovering that she still has a pulse, they rush to an abandoned hospital, looking for help. The group splits up, and Gordo hears a chaotic radio transmission. The group eventually find a doctor hidden behind a curtain. They call for his help, only to discover that he is a zombie. After firing shots into his torso, they realize the only way to put an end to him is to shoot him in the head. After killing him, an undead nurse starts to stumble towards them. After losing its eyes due to Debra zapping her head with a defibrillator, Gordo puts an end to her by shooting her in the head too. Running out of battery power for the camera, Jason opts to stay with a comatose Mary while it charges. He hears Debra screaming, but remains where he is, not wanting to leave his camera. Debra comes back, with another video camera in hand, and lectures Jason about his documentation being more important than their lives. Mary suddenly groans as she begins to turn into a zombie. The professor confiscates the pistol from Gordo's hands and kills Mary. On their way out of the hospital, a zombie patient bites Gordo in the arm before Elliot stabs the patient in the head with an IV pole. A few hours later it is dawn. The group bury Mary, and Gordo is dead. Tony prepares to shoot him, but Tracy stops him, pleading for him to wait and see whether he will turn. Gordo then does wake up as a zombie, and Tracy kills her boyfriend herself. They get on the road again, only to have the caravan break down due to a broken fuel line. They find a barn and its deaf owner, Samuel, an Amish man. After repairing the fuel line, the group prepares to leave. But several zombies appear from out of nowhere and attack. Samuel is bitten and stabs himself in the head with a scythe, thus killing the zombie behind him in the process. Another few hours later, the group encounters a band of rugged African-American survivors who have stocked a fortified warehouse with supplies. Jason uploads the footage he has shot so far on the Internet, and gets 72,000 message replies within eight minutes from around the world. Debra receives a text message on her cell phone from her little brother, claiming they are safe and heading home. Just before leaving, Ridley calls Jason via webcam and invites him over to his mansion in Philadelphia saying that he and Francine are safe. The group gathers some supplies from the warehouse after Tony kills a zombie and proving his worth to the rugged survivors. The group then sets out again to Debra's home. When they arrive, they find Debra's parent's car in the garage with the passenger window smashed and bloody. As they search the house, Debra is ambushed by her undead brother, who is quickly killed by Professor Maxwell with a bow and arrow. Debra also finds her zombie mother who had been chewing on her dead father. She is also killed by the professor, who claims that they need to leave. As night falls once again, the group decides to head over to Ridley's home hoping to find santuary. Before they get there, the group encounters two jeeps with four soldiers from the National Guard, who stop them. While the other three soldiers stand guard around the trailer, the colonel (Alan Van Sprang) enters the camper asking where they are going. After ordering Jason to turn the camera off, the four rouge soldiers quickly steal all their supplies, save for their weapons, and drive away, leaving the students with no food or water. A few more hours later, the group finally arrives at Ridley's home, only to find the front door open. Searching the home, Ridley surprises them as he comes out of a panic room in the library that has a two-foot thick steel door and is filled with video camera monitors eyeing the whole grounds. Tracy and Jason go and unload the caravan while Tony films Ridley going through the kitchen, looking for some food. His strange behavior alarms both Tony and Debra, who ask where Francine and his family are. He claims that they are all dead, and that he has buried them. He shows the two their bodies, who have been carelessly dumped into the swimming pool, but not before Tony noticing a bite wound on Ridley's hand. Ridley quickly turns, and goes outside where Jason is filming Tracy unloading the caravan. The zombie Ridley suddenly attacks her, but she manages to run. Jason follows them with his camera, and distracts Ridley as Tracy smacks a stick into Ridley's back, knocking him out. Angered that Jason simply filmed her as her life was in jeopardy, Tracy takes the caravan and drives off on her own. In the bathroom, Elliot dries his hair with a blow dryer as he is ambushed by the undead Ridley, causing him to fall into the tub and killing him from electrocution. Professor Maxwell suggests they head into the panic room after seeing Elliot's death on the TV monitors, but Jason refuses, claiming he doesn't want to be shut off from the rest of the world. He lies that he'll go into the panic room, and while the rest of the group are busy stocking up, he sneaks away, only to run into Zombie Ridley. The group hears the commotion and find Jason being bitten by Zombie Ridley on the ground. Zombie Ridley's head is sliced in half by the professor, leaving Jason lying on the floor. He begs Debra to shoot him, which she does. The next morning, vowing to continue his movie, Debra uses the camera and takes Jason's place and begins to record their actions. Debra, Tony, and Professor Maxwell spot hundreds of zombies breaking into the mansion from all directions and a dead Elliot walking around the house. The professor quickly closes and locks the panic room door as the zombies move inside the house sealing the three survivors inside the panic room... with no hope of escape or rescue. The movie ends with Debra explaining how inhumane some humans are, and questions whether the human race is really worth saving.
tt0455782
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
After years of covering one war after another, journalist Simon Hunt (Richard Gere) loses his composure during a live broadcast covering the Bosnian War. While his career spirals downhill, that of his long-time camera man Duck (Terrence Howard) goes in the opposite direction. Duck gets a cushy job at the network, while Hunt is left following war after war, unemployed, in an attempt to get back on top. Years later, Duck returns to Bosnia to shoot a "puff piece" of the network anchor Franklin Harris (James Brolin) covering a peace treaty, along with fresh young journalist (and son of the network vice-president) Benjamin (Jesse Eisenberg). Duck runs into Simon - by this point a desperate, cynical freelancer who needs a story big enough to propel him back to the realm of credibility. He tells Duck that, through a source, he has located Dragoslav Bogdanovic - known as "The Fox", who is a wanted war criminal with a US$5 million bounty on his head: he is assumed to be in the village of Elebii in Republika Srpska (Serbian entity in Bosnia), near the border with Montenegro. Convinced by Simon, Duck comes along to shoot the interview, with Benjamin in tow. On the way, Simon confesses his plan to capture the Fox - something Duck and Benjamin consider insane even to think about. Along the way, the group is mistaken for a CIA hit squad by several groups, including the United Nations police force and the Serbians themselves; at one point, at the initiative of Benjamin, they claim to be CIA agents themselves, using a threat to avoid paying a fee for a tip. Simon, Duck, and Benjamin are then captured by the Fox's guards and taken to a barn to be executed. At the last moment, a team of CIA assassins storms the barn and frees the journalists, but Fox escapes. It quickly becomes evident to the journalists that, even in the international community, there are people who do not wish the Fox to be captured. The CIA orders the journalists to board an airplane bound for the US, but they run away to carry out their plan to catch the Fox. They capture him while he is hunting in the woods without his guards. The journalists then release him, with his hands securely bound, in a village filled with the surviving family members of victims of his war crimes.
tt0857191
Drama
Widowed Connecticut College economics professor Walter Vale lives a fairly solitary existence. He fills his hours by taking piano lessons in an effort to emulate his late wife, a classical concert pianist, and works on a new book, although his efforts at both are not producing encouraging results. When he is asked to present a paper at a conference at New York University, he hesitates to comply, given he is only the nominal co-author and never even read the paper. Charles, his department head, persists, and Walter is forced to attend. When he arrives at the apartment he maintains in Manhattan, he is startled to discover a young couple living there, having rented it from a swindler who claimed it was his. They are Tarek, a Palestinian-Syrian[5] djembe player, and Zainab, a Senegalese designer of ethnic jewelry. He later discovers both are illegal immigrants. Although they have no place to go, they hastily pack and leave, but Walter follows them and persuades them to return. Over the next few days, a friendship slowly develops. Tarek teaches Walter to play the drum, and the two men join a group of others at an impromptu drum circle in Central Park. En route home, Tarek is mistakenly charged with subway turnstile jumping, arrested for failing to pay his fare, and taken to a detention center for illegal immigrants in Queens. In order to prevent Tarek's deportation, Walter hires an immigration lawyer. Feeling uncomfortable about remaining in the apartment with Walter, Zainab moves out to live with relatives in the Bronx. Tarek's mother, Mouna, unexpectedly arrives from her home in Michigan when she is unable to contact her son. Also in the States illegally, she accepts Walter's offer to stay in the apartment, and the two develop a friendship. Walter confesses his life is unfullfilling: He dislikes the single course he has taught for twenty years, and the book he allegedly is writing is nowhere near completion. It is revealed that Mouna's journalist husband died following a lengthy politically-motivated imprisonment in Syria, and she is concerned about her son's future prospects if he is deported. The two begin to share a simple domestic existence, with Mouna preparing meals and Walter treating her to The Phantom of the Opera when she mentions her love for the original cast recording Tarek sent her as a gift. Without warning, Tarek is summarily deported to Syria, and Mouna decides to follow him. Alone once again, Walter plays his drum on a subway platform, as Tarek once told him he himself would like to do some time.
tt0108122
Comedy,Drama
The film opens as a fleet of helicopters sprays for medflies, revealing all the characters along the path of their flight. Dr. Ralph Wyman and his wife, Marian, meet another couple, Stuart and Claire Kane, at Zoe Trainer's cello concert and make a spontaneous Sunday dinner date. Marian's sister Sherri is married to philandering cop Gene, who makes up unbelievable stories to hide his affair with Betty Weathers. Betty is in the process of divorcing one of the helicopter pilots, Stormy. Waitress Doreen Piggot is married to an alcoholic limo driver named Earl. TV commentator Howard Finnigan lives with his wife Anne and their young family next door to Zoe and her mother, cabaret singer Tess Trainer. Their pool cleaner is Jerry Kaiser, whose wife, Lois, works from home as a phone sex operator, tending to the children while she talks off strange men. Jerry and Lois are friends with Doreen's daughter, Honey and her husband Bill, who works as a makeup artist. The day before Casey Finnigan's 9th birthday, Doreen hits him with her car. Casey appears fine, and refuses Doreen's offer of a ride home, because she is a stranger. His mother comes home from ordering his birthday cake to find Casey slumped lethargically on the couch. Howard convinces her to take Casey to the hospital, where he remains unconscious. The baker calls the next day to inform Ann that the cake is ready, but Howard, wanting to keep the line free, briskly ends the conversation. The baker immediately calls back, incensed at being hung up on. While the Finnigans maintain their vigil, the baker continues to call and harass the couple. Howard's estranged father turns up at the hospital and recalls that Casey's hospitalization is reminiscent of the day that Howard had an accident as a boy. When Howard's mother went to her sister's house, she found her in bed with Howard's father, whom her sister had seduced. That lead to the estrangement between father and son. Stuart and his two buddies, Gordon and Vern, harass Doreen at the diner before they head out on their three-day fishing trip. On the first day, they find a young woman's dead body submerged near some rocks. After some debate, they decide to tie her to the rocks, continue fishing, and report the body when they are done. When he comes home, he eventually admits what they had done to Claire, and she is disgusted that they could fish for days with the woman's body nearby. The body is identified as a 23-year old woman, and Claire goes to her funeral out of a sense of guilt. Stormy visits Betty's house, ostensibly to pick up his mother's clock, but instead, he spends the day destroying Betty's belongings. Bill and Honey entertain themselves in the apartment that they are watching while its owners are on vacation by taking some pictures of Honey where Bill has made her up to look like she has been brutally beaten. Gene abandons the family dog on a strange street because he cannot endure its barking, but after several days of his distraught children's inquiries, he returns to the neighborhood and retrieves the dog. The Wymans get into a massive argument just before their dinner party with the Kanes. Marian admits to sleeping with another man. Both couples alleviate their stress by drinking copiously, and the party lasts all night long. One day, Casey's eyes begin to flutter. Ann's excitement grows, but just as he appears to be fully waking, he suddenly dies. Seeing this and being overwhelmed, Howard's father, Paul Finnigan, leaves the hospital while the distraught couple returns home and informs Zoe of Casey's death. The next day, they go to the bakery to shame the baker over his abuse of them. When he learns why they never picked up the cake, he asks them to stay and gives them baked goods. Zoe, worn to the breaking point by her mother's alcoholism and her isolation, commits suicide by starting the car engine inside the garage and getting asphyxiated while she's playing the cello. Later that day, her mother discovers that Zoe's dead and is bewildered. When Honey picks up the pictures from the developer, they are mixed up with Gordon's. Gordon is horrified to see the pictures of Honey beaten so badly, while she is horrified of the pictures he took of the submerged body on his fishing trip. They each walk away from each other memorizing the other person's license plates. Honey and Bill are on their way to a picnic with Jerry and Lois. In the park, Jerry and Bill try to hook up with two young women they encountered earlier, and Bill quickly makes an excuse to divvy up into couples. As he and one of the girls walk away from Jerry and the other, they hear her scream. They turn around to see Jerry hitting her in the head with a rock, just as a major earthquake strikes. The film ends as all the characters are shown during the earthquake. In the aftermath, Jerry's murder of the girl is attributed to a falling rock during the earthquake, and the implication is that he may also be responsible for the submerged body in the river.
tt1216516
Animation,Adventure,Family
Tinker Bell journeys far North of Never Land to patch things up with her friend Terence and restore a Pixie Dust Tree.
tt0308383
Drama,Romance,Thriller
The opening scene shows a car driven off the icy road. Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) is a professor who has revitalized Athena, a small New England college. During a class discussion he calls two missing students "spooks". He is accused of making a racist epithet, and quits. His resignation is too much for his wife (Phyllis Newman), who has a heart attack. Convinced his wife was murdered by the college, Silk befriends a down-and-out writer named Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinese). Silk and Zuckerman work on a book describing the murder, and Zuckerman comes out of his shell. Eventually, Silk decides the book is not worth it. As he's cleaning up, Silk begins to reminice. When he was in college as a student, the younger Silk (Wentworth Miller) falls in love with Steena Paulsson (Jacinda Barrett). We flash back to the present, and Silk admits he's having an affair with a much younger woman, Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman). He gives her a lift home after being stranded, and she makes a pass at him. After some time together, she reveals that her stepfather molested her, and she left home at 14. Silk also finds out she has a crazy ex-husband, Lester (Ed Harris) who's stalking her. When he introduces her to Zuckerman, she gets angry, but they make up. Lester shows up and tells Silk that Faunia was a bad mother and let her kids die in a fire. She still has their remains, and is troubled about what to do with them. Later, Silk gets a threatening letter, and his lawyer (Clark Gregg) compares him to Achilles, the Greek warrior who brought down Troy for the love of a woman. Silk immediately fires him. We flash back to Silk as a youth, where his boxing instructor (Richard Mawe) wants him to fight for money. It is here we learn Silk is actually black, but since he is very light-skinned, he is often mistaken as a Jew. He sees him with his family, and his father (Harry Lennix) tells him he will be a doctor. His father's death forces Coleman to realize the inequity of race. While enlisting to the Navy, he marks himself as white. Back with Zuckerman, Silk explodes when confronted with the rumors about him and Faunia. He tells Zuckerman that he's not afraid, and insinuates Zuckerman is a coward. Scenes interspersed between past and present show Silk with Steena and Faunia. When he brings Steena home to meet his mother, she is caught off-guard, and cannot accept his race. Coleman becomes a boxer, taking his aggression out on black opponents. He takes Faunia to a classical concert, and finally gets her to stay all night, overcoming her fear of committment. She rages at him for making her feel for him and storms off. She feels guilty for surviving the fire that killed her kids, and confesses to a crow. When Silk returns home, she is back, and apologizes. In the moment, Silk confesses his secret. Driving Faunia home, Lester Farley runs them off them road, and they both die. Lester tells his psychologist (Margo Martindale) that he didn't kill them, even though he planned to. His psychologist believes Lester is delusional. At Coleman's funeral, his black coleague Herb (Ron Canada) finally admits he should have defended Coleman when he was fired. Zuckerman meets a woman, Ernestine (Lizan Mitchell), and she says that she is his Silk's sister. We flash back to Coleman telling his mother that he's getting married to a white woman, and doesn't want to be known as a Negro. His mother says he is trapped. Ernestine tells Zuckerman about how Silk's family divorced him, and is amazed that Coleman didn't reveal his race when charged with racism. Zuckerman decides to write a book, and confronts Lester. His book is called The Human Stain.
tt0335563
Crime,Drama,Mystery
John Holmes and Dawn Schiller Los Angeles, June 29, 1981. We are first introduced to the teenage girlfriend of legengary porn actor John Holmes - the underage Dawn Schiller (Kate Bosworth). She is on the streets and is picked up by a holy roller named Sally (Carrie Fisher) after she and Holmes break up. She eventually calls Holmes to come and get her. Holmes (Val Kilmer) arrives at the apartment and they have sex and snort cocaine in the bathroom before being discoverd and flee the holy roller's house. After a 'drug-run' to a house located on Wonderland Avenue in the wooded Laurel Canyon neighborhood, Holmes and Dawn check into a motel where they both get high from snorting more cocaine and freebasing. The next morning (June 30), Holmes leaves Dawn to travel to an answering service in Santa Monica to check his phone messages and mail where he has it sent, leaving Dawn alone in the motel room with her pet dog to keep her company. He tells her that he will return in a few hours, but Holmes does not return. During the night, Dawn is woken up by a disturbing vision of violence. The next morning, (July 1) Dawn continues to remain alone the whole day. While watching TV of the late afternoon news, Dawn sees a newscast that states four people were murdered at a rowhouse on Wonderland Avenue in Laurel Canyon, the same one she had been to with Holmes the day before. Shortly thereafter, Holmes finally arrives back at the motel room, looking tired and dishevelded, and wearing different clothes then when he left two days prior. He does not want to talk about where he was and instead takes a valum pill and goes right to sleep. The story eventually moves onto two city detectives, Nico and Cruz (Ted Levine and Franky G), investigating the crime scene and their contact with Holmes. Another officer and L.A. vice cop named Billy Ward (M.C. Gainey) intervenes with the investigation, himself being a colleague of Holmes whom is his C.I. (Criminal Informant) handler. David Lind's story The next major character introduced is David Lind (Dylan McDermott). While getting drunk at a local bar, he hears of his friends' murders at Wonderland on the TV set at the bar and soon discovers his girlfriend was there. While at the crime scene, he is picked up by the same two L.A.P.D. Detectives Nico and Cruz (representing real-life detectives in the case, Tom Lange and Bob Souza). Through Lind's story (told in flashbacks), we are introduced to some of the people who party at Wonderland during the early months of 1981. These people, known as the Wonderland Gang include the gang leader Ron Launius (Josh Lucas), Billy Deverell (Tim Blake Nelson), Lind's 22-year old girlfriend Barbara Richardson (Natasha Gregson Wagner), the home owner Joy Miller (Janeane Garofalo) and Ron's wife Susan Launius (Christina Applegate). John Holmes drifted into the Wonderland Gang after attending several of their wild parties at the house. Soon, unable to find enough work in the adult film industry to support his growing cocaine addiction, Holmes begins muleing drugs for the gang. On more then one occasion, Homes is accused of "snorting" or smoking some of the cocaine he is told to deliver to customers and he finds himself in trouble as he does not have the money to pay back Ron and the Wonderland Gang for the drugs he consumes for himself. Lind also explains that Ron had a fondness for antique guns and quite frequently shows them off. When Ron learns that Holmes knows a notorious gangster and nightclub owner, an Arab immigrant with the alias of Eddie Nash (Eric Bogosian), he gives Holmes a pair of stolen antique guns to take to Nash so that Nash can fence them and they can split the loot. Earlier... Nash met and befriended Holmes because of Holmes' notoriety as the adult film phenomenon Johnny Wadd. Holmes takes the guns to Nash, but Nash says the guns are too rare to be sold; they would be recognized right away and everyone involved would be apprehended. Rather than give the guns back to Holmes, Nash keeps them for himself. Attempting to get back in the good graces of the gang, Holmes suggests robbing Nash's home. Ron is reluctant to go along with the robbery at first, but after Holmes gives him a rundown of what's there, he is quite eager for the big score. Holmes volunteers to draw them a map to plan the robbery, since he has been to Nash's house a lot. Holmes then visits Nash to buy drugs. On the way out, he leaves the back door to the kitchen unlocked so the Wonderland gang can have easy access. The robbery of Eddie Nash Lind continues to describe his involvment in the robbery; The next morning (June 29, 1981), the robbery is carried out by Ron Launius, Lind, and Deverell, while wheel-man Tracy McCourt waits outside in a car, serving as lookout. Neither Holmes nor any of the women are present when the robbery occurs. The Wonderland Gang gain access through the unlocked kitchen door and robs Nash at gunpoint. Lind accidentally fires his gun, wounding Nash's 320-pound black bodyguard, Greg Diles (Faizon Love). Racial epithets are hurled at Nash and Diles. The gang walks away with over one million dollars in cash, jewels and drugs. They bring their loot back to the Wonderland house to divide everything up. Holmes is unhappy with the cut he is given, even though he did not take part in the robbery. Ron tells him that it's conpensasion for drugs that he stole and squandered from them several weeks earlier. The next morning (June 30), Nash finds out that Holmes helped plan the robbery. After Holmes gets his phone messages and mail from his answering service, he goes over to Nash's house where a gold necklace and ring he has on is recognized by Nash as one of the items stolen from his house the previous day. Nash has Holmes beaten and finds his little black address book. He tells Holmes he will kill every person listed in the book, starting with his mother who lives in his hometown in Ohio, then his estranged wife Sharon, and his teenage mistress Dawn, if he does not give up the men who robbed him. He also threatens to cut off Holmes' penis, cut it into pieces, and shove it down his (Holmes') throat. John Holmes story Two days after the murders, both Holmes and Dawn are arrested by the police in their motel room and taken to police headquarters where they are both grilled about what they know about the Wonderland murders. Holmes is placed by Detectives Nico and Cruz at a safehouse at the Biltmore Hotel as part of a deal with Billy Ward to cooperate with their investigation. Holmes demands that Dawn join him as well as his estranged nurse wife Sharon (Lisa Kudrow) whom is contacted and allowed to stay in the safehouse. Holmes tells Ward, Nico and Cruz a slightly different version of the events of the robbery. In this version (another extended flashback), Holmes claims that while he indeed stole drugs from the Wonderland Gang, he felt threatened by them and they forced him against his will to plan the robbery of Eddie Nash's house. And on the following day after the robbery, when Homes drove to the answering service in Santa Monica to pick up his phone messages and mail, he claims that someone hiding in the back steat of his car put a gun to his head and forced him to drive to Eddie Nash's house where Nash confronted him about the robbery and that the robbers mentioned his name during the robbery. With Nash pointing a gun to Holmes head and aquring Holmes' black address book, he threatened to kill Holmes, as well as threatened to kill Holmes' mother in Ohio, his older sister in Montana, as well as his two older brothers, his younger half-brother David Bowman, plus Holmes estranged wife Sharon, and teenage mistress Dawn. Holmes caved in and was forced to name the Wonderland Gang as the perps who robbed Nash who then responds by telling Homes: "now you are going to do to those people on Wonderland what you did to me!" Holmes then admits to driving Nash's bodyguard Diles and three other heavies to the Wonderland house on the early morning hours of July 1 and buzzed the intercom to the house where he asked Ron to let him in (with Diles holding a gun to Holmes head the whole time). Holmes then suddenly stops his story and refuses to tell anymore except that he just walked away after letting the gang inside the house and did not see anything. Both Nico and Cruz have conflicting responses to the case. While Ward and Cruz belive that Holmes is telling the truth, Nico belives Lind's story and that Homes partook in the killings himself for a left-handed handprint was found at the scene of the crime on the baseboard in the bed where Ron was murdered. Yet all of the officers are unsure who is really telling them everything; Lind, a biker and crimminal with a heroin addiction and whom has a grudge against Holmes since his girlfriend was one of the victims; or Holmes, a porn actor with a cocaine addiction and whom is known in the social circles as a sociopath and a patholoical liar. Holmes wife, Sharon, does not tell the police that (in another flashback sequence) that on the morning of July 1, a few hours after the murders took place, she was awoken at around 4:00 am by Holmes who arrived at her house, with his clothing splattered in blood. After helping him clean himself off and dispose of the bloody clothes, Holmes confided in Sharon that he witnessed a quadruple murder involving the robbery of Eddie Nash that he masterminded the previous day. Sharon allows him to take some spare clothes for himself and he sees himself off. After returning to Dawn's motel room where he goes to sleep, Holmes cries "blood! blood! so... so much blood..." in his sleep. Dawn is aware that something terrible happened, but does not say anything to him or anyone else. About a week later, with little evidence to hold Holmes on and due to his lack of cooperation, Nico and Cruz release Holmes from house arrest but tell him that they will be contacting him soon again. Holmes tells Dawn and Sharon that they need to run because he suspects the police think he did the murders, and worst still, Eddie Nash might be comming after him too in order to make sure Holmes never talks about what really happened that night. Sharon refuses to leave town with them, but instead gives Holmes and Dawn some money and sees them on their way. What really happened (July 1, 1981).... The retaliation for the robbery is swift and fatal. At around 2:00 am on July 1, 1981, a small group of Nash's henchmen (including Holmes) led by Diles gain access to the house at Wonderland Avenue where Holmes (with a pistol to his head as he described) buzzes the intercom and asks Ron to let him in. Immediately, the gang attacks the people in the house, while Diles forces Holmes to watch the massacre. Ron Launius, Billy Deverell, Barbara Richardson, and Joy Miller are all brutally beaten to death with striated lead pipes with their blood and brain matter splattering all over the rooms where they are killed. Holmes is compelled by Diles to deliver blows to Ron Launius. Susan Launius is beaten but not killed. She survives and is questioned by Nico and Cruz in her hospital bed. She tells them (in a near comatose state) that she does not remember anything... only "shadows". (She wakes up during the attacks in her darkened bedroom to see two or three silhouette figures running into the room and immediately bashing her on the head several times with blunt objects. She is left for dead). Lind is not present during the attacks. The final scene has Holmes waking up from a nightmare of a flashback to the murders. He tells Dawn that the need to continue driving on since they pulled their car over for the night. Dawn suggests driving to her hometown in Florida and Holmes agrees while he turns on the radio to listen to Gordon Lightfoot's popular song "If You Could Read My Mind". Holmes starts up the car and speeds away into the light of dawn away from L.A. and to an unknown future. A disclaimer in the final shot reveals what happened to the characters involved: David Lind testified against Holmes during his 1982 murder trial for the Wonderland murders, but could not offer any more evidence other than he had partook in the robbery of Nash's house. He died from a heroin overdose in 1995. John Holmes fled to Florida with Dawn where she later turned him in to the police. He was returned to Los Angeles where he was tried and aquitted in June 1982 of the four murders on Wonderland Avenue. He resumed his career in the porn industry shortly therafter. He died from AIDS in 1988. Dawn Schiller turned Holmes into the police in Florida after he beat and abused her where she left the country with her father where they lived in Thailand. She never saw Holmes again. She came back to the USA a few years after Holmes' death. Homes estranged wife, Sharon, was never called to testify against her husband during his 1982 murder trial. It was after his death that she came forward to reveal that Holmes visited her on the day of the killings. She divorced Holmes in early 1983 after his aquittal. She recently retired from her profession as a hospital ward nurse and has never remarried. Susan Launius survived the attack, with serious brain damage. She testifed at Holmes murder trial, but did not identify him being at the scene. She changed her name and her whereabouts are unknown. Eddie Nash was arrested in July 1981 after a police raid on his house uncovered several items stolen from the Wonderland house during the murders, but his trial of masterminding the killings ended with a mistrial. A second trial in 1998 resulted with a conviction for posession of stolen goods and drugs, but not murder. He was released on parole in 2001. He currently lives in Los Angeles... a free man.
tt0168629
Crime,Drama,Musical
Selma is a young Czech mother living in Washington state in the early 1960s. How she loves musicals! Alas, she is going blind, and this is threatening her job (not to say her limbs) at the local factory, where she is friends with Cathy, who is a bit flummoxed by Selma's increasing workload, which includes pinning hairpins to unbent cardboard as a side job. Selma lives with her understandably ungrateful 12-year-old delinquent son in a mobile trailer on the property of a local sheriff and his happy-go-lucky wife. One day, the sheriff reveals a dark secret to Selma, and being the type to cement friendships, she tells him a secret, too: that she is going blind. Life spirals downard for her after this revelation, but Selma is resolute in protecting her friend's secret. Cathy, who grows increasingly frustrated with Selma's decisions, comes to realize Selma's methodology was right after all, and in the gripping final moments of the film, she tells Selma that she did right. This is a curious, highly depressing, yet exhilarating film (with various experimental camera techniques) about the power of friendship and maternal love -- not to be watched alone!
tt0097108
Crime,Drama
The film opens with a London gangster, Albert Spica, arriving at his posh restaurant, La Hollandais, with his entourage of thugs and a man who owes him money. While his thugs hold the man down, Albert smears dog excrement on the him and forces some into his mouth. He leaves the man behind and enters the restaurant's kitchen, where he berates and bullies some of the staff, much to the annoyance of the restaurant's manager and head chef, Richard. Albert has also brought his long-suffering wife, Georgina, with him, whom he also subjects to continual verbal abuse. Meanwhile, Albert's victim is brought into the restaurant and tended to by some of the staff. Albert comes to the restaurant each night and holds court with his entourage and Georgina, while criticizing Richard's menu choices. Georgina notices a quiet regular customer, Michael, who is always reading. The two begin a clandestine affair with most encounters occurring in the restaurant itself. Georgina believes that if she engages in her affair in Albert's place of business, it will be easier to keep hidden from her husband. One night, Albert becomes furious when Georgina doesn't return to dinner - she and Michael are having sex in a back room of the kitchen while Richard hides their tryst from Albert. Albert rushes into the kitchen looking for her and Richard hides them in the freezer. He returns for them a few minutes later, after Albert has left the kitchen and offers them a way to sneak out of the restaurant together; they're both hidden in the back of a truck full of rotting meat and driven to Michael's home. Once there, they are cleaned off by one of the restaurant staff and remain, hiding from Albert. However, back at the restaurant, Albert is correctly suspicious that Georgina is having an affair and, after ransacking the kitchen, vows to find the mystery lover and eat him. One of Albert's henchmen, Cory, catches sight of a young boy, Pup, leaving the restaurant with a basket full of food (it is for the hiding lovers). Cory reports to Albert, who orders his men to capture Pup. He tortures the young boy, hospitalizing him. Georgina rushes to the hospital to visit Pup, which was a ruse to lure her away from Michael. Albert finds Michael at home and kills him by having pages of his books stuffed down his throat. Georgina discovers that Albert has murdered Michael. She goes to Richard and asks him to cook Michael and serve his body to Albert. Richard is initially reluctant but Georgina is able to convince him, considering Albert's deplorable treatment of everyone around him, including herself and Richard. Albert is invited to the restaurant, which announces a private party for him. When he arrives, Georgina greets him and a procession enters from the kitchen made up of everyone whom Albert has offended. The procession is carrying a long, covered tray, which is placed in front of Albert. Georgina removes the cover and Albert is horrified to see the roasted body of Michael on the tray. Albert's assistant, Mitchel, grabs a knife but is easily subdued by a few of the guests. Albert attempts to draw his pistol but is easily disarmed. The gun is passed around to a few of the guests and is finally given to Georgina, who points it at Albert and orders him to eat from Michael's body. Very reluctantly and thoroughly sickened, Albert takes a forkful of flesh and eats. After a few moments, Georgina shoots and kills Albert who falls backwards. Her last word is "Cannibal."
tt0120907
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
At a Antenna Company seminar, Allegra Geller (Jennifer Jason Leigh) is introduced as the "goddess of the gamepod". She carries a single ski boot and describes eXistenZ, which is a new game system (metaflesh). Almost everyone in the room volunteers to test the new system. At the door, a game company worker Ted (Jude Law) screens Noel Dichter (Kris Lemche) for recording devices. Noel has an outdated gamepod, and is anxious about the demo. The demo uses flesh like gamepods to allows players to interact with the game. As they go into a trance to enter the game, Noel pulls an odd-looking gun out from inside his gamepod and shoots Allegra in the shoulder. The gamers attached to her feel the impact, and Noel gets shot by security. Ted grabs the gun and whisks Allegra away. In the car, Allegra throws Ted's phone away, as it can be used to track them. He uses a pocketknife to dig out the bullet, which is a tooth. They realize the gun and ammo are made of flesh and bone, which would not be detected by a scanner. They stop at a motel. Ted wants to check in with Antenna, but Allegra wants to test the game, and needs Ted to help her. Ted does not have a "bio-port". They go to a gas station and ask the attendant Gas (Willem Dafoe) to install an illegal port. He agrees, after recognizing Allegra. When she connects her pod to Ted, it short circuits, locking everyone out of the game. Gas reappears, holding a shotgun, and explains that Ted's port is useless. Ted shoots Gas in the neck before he can kill Allegra. Allegra and Ted drive to an old ski club, where they find Kiri Vinokur (Iam Holm). She hands the ski boot to Kiri for safekeeping, then Kiri and Landry (James Kirchner) work to repair the pod. Afterwards, Allegra and Ted jack into the game, and Ted's reality changes. Allegra says "you have to play the game, to find out WHY you're playing the game. They meet a gameshop owner, D'Arcy Nader (Robert A. Silverman), and Ted realizes the non-player characters (NPCs) must act based on his actions and speech. Nader gives them micro-pods, and they use them to port in. Ted's character makes a pass at Allegra, and she responds. During the encounter, the scene suddenly changes, and Ted is at a trout farm, working on a conveyor belt as "Larry", next to Yevgeny Nourish (Don McKellar). Yevgeny explains that the trout farm is now used for making game pods. Yevgeny recommends lunch at the Chinese restaurant, and to order the special. He finds Allegra, but she seems to react like the NPCs as well. Over lunch, Ted tells her he is nervous, and manages to pause the game. Back in reality, Ted starts to feel like the real world is fake, and vice-versa. They re-enter the game, and special of the day arrives. It's gross looking, but Ted's character eats it anyway. He assembles the bones into the same weapon that he found in the real world. He shoots the waiter (against his will), and the weapon is destroyed. Yevgeny appears, and tells them the waiter was a traitor. Yevgeny leads them to a breeding pool for the creatures and explains that they are working on undetectable weapons for a secret agency in addition to pods. The trout farm where Ted and Allegra work is owned by a company called Corticle Systematics, and Yevgeny's organization wants to destroy all non-real elements such as pod games. They return to the gameshop and speak with Hugo Carlaw (Callum Keith Rennie). Hugo shows them Nader's dead body and tells them Nader and Yevgency Nourish work for Corticle Systematics, and Ted shouldn't have killed the waiter. Hugo is with the realist underground. He tells them to assassinate Yevgeny. They return to the trout farm and find a game pod left for them. She ports into the pod, but something goes wrong. Ted cuts her link to the pod, and she begins to bleed out. Yevgeny arrives and burns the pod, which releases deadly spores. Allegra stabs him, and the farm catches on fire. They awake back in the ski lodge. Allegra's pod has caught the disease from the game. She injects the pod with a spore disinfectant, then sees Ted's bio-port is infected, too. She realizes Kiri installed an infected bio-port. She inserts a disinfectant pod his port, and says they cannot play for awhile. Suddenly the ski lodge is attacked, and the game cashier arrives, talking about freedom, and destroys the pod. Ted realizes they are still in the game. Outside, a battle rages, and the cashier talks about the victory of reality (the death of eXistenZ). He points a gun a Allegra, but Kiri shoots him from behind. Kiri explains that he copied the game, and tries to recruit Allegra to Corticle Systematics. Allegra shoots Kiri. Ted points out that she's committed murder, then tries to kill her. Allegra triggers the bomb she inserted into Ted's bio-port and celebrates, thinking she's won the game. Allegra and Ted awake back in the seminar, and the group de-briefs, applauding Ted and Allegra. The session proctor, Merla (Sarah Polley) tells everyone they will get a discount on the next game, transCendenZ. We realize Allegra was only playing a part of a game designer, and that Yevgeny is the real designer. Yevgeny tells Merle he is nervous about the anti-designer theme. Ted and Allegra shoot Yevgeny and Merle, then shout "death to transCendeZ!". The Chinese waiter asks, "are we still in the game?" End.
tt0120148
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
The film follows Helen Quilley (Gwyneth Paltrow), a young Englishwoman living in London who has just been fired from her public relations job. The plot splits into two parallel universes, based on the two paths her life could take depending on whether she catches a London Underground train or not. In the timeline in which she makes the train, she meets James (John Hannah) on the underground and they strike up a conversation. She gets home in time to catch her boyfriend Gerry (John Lynch) in bed with his American ex-girlfriend Lydia (Jeanne Tripplehorn); she dumps him and moves in with her friend Anna (Zara Turner). James continues to serendipitously pop into Helen's life, cheering her up and encouraging her to start her own public relations firm. Helen gets a new makeover by cutting her hair short and dying it blond. She and James fall in love despite Helen's reservations about beginning another relationship so soon after her ugly breakup with Gerry. In the timeline in which she misses the train, she then hails a taxi instead but gets mugged when a man snatches her handbag. Helen hits her head in the scuffle and goes to hospital. She arrives home late, giving Lydia time to leave. Helen carries on with her life oblivious of Gerry's infidelity, and begins working part-time jobs to pay bills. Gerry conceals his infidelity and juggles the two women in his life; Lydia even interacts with Helen on several occasions. Helen has a number of conflicts with Gerry, then discovers she's pregnant with his baby, but delays telling him. In the first timeline, Helen discovers she's pregnant, believing it is with James' child, and goes to see him at his office. She is stunned to learn from James' secretary that he is married. Upset, she disappears. James finds her on a bridge and explains that he was married but is now separated and planning to divorce. He and his soon-to-be ex-wife maintain a cordial relationship for the sake of his sick mother. After she and James declare their love for another, Helen walks out into the road and is hit by a car. In the second timeline, Helen tells Gerry she has a job interview with an international PR firm. Thinking Helen is at the interview, Gerry sees Lydia, who is also pregnant with his child. While there, the doorbell rings and Lydia tells Gerry to answer it. Helen is there, and is stunned when Lydia tells her she can't do the interview because she's "deciding whether or not to keep your boyfriend's baby." Distraught over finally catching her two-timing boyfriend's infidelity, Helen runs and falls down Lydia's staircase. In both timelines, after her accident (hit by a car in the first timeline, and falling down the stairs in the second) Helen goes to hospital and happens to end up in the very same emergency room in both timelines, and loses her baby. In the timeline in which she caught the train, she dies from internal bleeding in the arms of her newfound love. In the timeline in which she didn't, she recovers and tells Gerry to leave for good. Before waking up, she sees flashes of the other Helen's life. In the final scene (now taking place solely in the "missed the train" universe), James is leaving the hospital after visiting his mother, and Helen is leaving after ending her relationship with Gerry. Helen drops an earring in the elevator and it is picked up by James. This mirrors the start of the film, where James picks up Helen's earring on the elevator after Helen is fired from her job. Before the doors close, James tells Helen to cheer up, and repeats his line, "You know what the Monty Python boys say..." Helen (who, in the beginning of the film, assumed the rejoinder to be "always look on the bright side of life.") says, " Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition." She and James stare at one another, each surprised by her response. The doors close and the audience is left to wonder what will become next.
tt0087884
Drama
The film opens with sweeping shots of the vast, barren Texas desert as the camera follows a man wandering through this terrain. The man is shown entering a rundown bar as he collapses in exhaustion. The next day, a doctor treating the speechless traveler makes a call to a family member, who we discover is the brother of the ailing man, recommending that he pick his brother up. As Walt, the brother of the wanderer Travis, leaves for Texas from Los Angeles, before the doctor has returned to his patient, the viewer finds that Travis has taken off continuing his wandering through the empty land. Travis is finally found and picked up by Walt in South Texas as Walt tells his silent brother that they are heading back to Southern California. Though Travis is yet to speak, the viewer hears Walt explain how he has not seen nor heard from Travis in four years. Their first stop along the road is a small motel where they plan to rest for the night, but when Walt leaves to get food from the market, Travis starts the shower and takes off again. Walt returns to discover Travis is gone and quickly tracks him down not far up the road and is able to get him back into the car. The next scene shows the two in a diner, Travis still silent, and Walt begins to question Travis more forcefully about his disappearance adding that he left his son, Hunter, behind when he was three for Walt to take care of in Travis' absence. The viewer sees Travis is effected by the mention of his abandoned son as tears flow from his eyes; however, he still fails to answer Walt's inquiries. The pair continue on their road trip the following day and finally Travis begins to speak in the car. He produces a weathered photograph of a vacant lot with a "For Sale" sign explaining to Walt that he purchased the property and that it is located in Paris, Texas- a city mentioned to him by their mother that he believes to be the location of his conception. While Walt is curious about this idea, he claims that he is continuing on to Los Angeles to bring Travis to his son. Upon their arrival, Travis meets the wife of Walt, who has practically mothered Hunter for the last four years, and he confronts the young boy, who is uncomfortable and timid towards the stranger. Walt decides that showing some old home videos might help to break the ice of the awkward relationship between Travis and Hunter. The videos show touching moments of Travis with a newborn Hunter and his wife, Jane, sharing a day at the beach with Walt and his wife. That night, the viewer sees Travis carry out chores around the house as he is sleepless and bewildered by his presence in this house with his son. The next day, Travis shows up at Hunter's school attempting to walk home with him; yet, Hunter sees him across the street, grows weary, and jumps in a car with a friend. Hunter explains that night to Walt's wife that he does not want to walk home at all from school, and certainly not with Travis. She pleads with him to give Travis a chance as he sighs somewhat in compliance. Travis tries again the next day to walk Hunter home and he makes progress as the two silently walk on opposite sides of the street. The viewer sees that eventually Travis's persistence pays off as he and Hunter are beginning to converse more on their walks. One night, as father and son have now grown more comfortable with each other, Walt's wife tells Travis in secrecy that she knows Jane, Hunter's mother, is still around and that she in fact deposits money into a bank account for Hunter on the same day of every month. She goes on to tell Travis the name of the bank and that it is located in Austin, Texas. Travis is almost immediately determined to seek Jane out and he tells Hunter of his plan the next night, explaining why he has to leave, as Hunter tells his father that he wants to accompany him on his journey. The following day, after school, the two of them leave together without telling Walt or his wife and once they are far enough out of town, Hunter calls the house telling his caretakers for the last four years that he has left for Texas with Travis. Walt and his wife are devastated as they have both grown extremely close to the boy, but know that they could not have kept him forever. The following scenes show the growing closeness between Travis and his son on this road trip including Hunter educating Travis on things he has learned in school, Travis telling Hunter a little about Jane, and Hunter sleeping comfortably on his dad. They finally arrive at the bank in Austin on the expected day of the deposit and they split up with walkie-talkies to try and locate Jane's car. Hunter spots her as she is leaving and the two make haste to follow her down the highway. The suspected car eventually stops at a place of business and Hunter is told to wait in the car as Travis enters the building. The viewer soon discovers that the business is a peep-show parlor of sorts, where customers sit in a room at a chair on the opposite side of a one-way mirror instructing the female employees as to what they want to see via a telephone-intercom. Travis is shocked, but he enters one of the rooms requesting a blonde whom he hopes will be Jane. The first woman sent into the room is not Jane and he moves to another room where he finds Jane, ready to please her customer, but he is unable to speak. After much silence and confusion on the part of Jane, Travis walks out and returns to the car with Hunter, angry and vague in his explanation as to what he saw. Travis then drives to a bar and begins to drink as Hunter complains and Travis's irritability grows. They return back to their hotel room and Hunter confesses his distaste for this "side" of Travis while Travis is slowly making up his mind as to how to deal with the situation. The next day, Travis drives Hunter to a hotel in downtown Austin and drops him off in a room telling him again to wait there while Travis heads back to Jane's work. He goes into a room where Jane enters on the other side of the glass, he picks up the phone, turns his chair so that it faces away from Jane, and begins to speak. He speaks broadly at first, telling the story of a "man" and a "young girl" who met and quickly fell in love with each other. They soon had a child, he says, and married probably before they were really ready for either. Jane is initially confused, wondering why this man might be telling her this, but her confusion transforms into astonishment as Travis's story grows more and more detailed and she begins to grasp who it is on the other side of the glass telling the true story of their relationship. Travis describes how "this couple's" love turned from joyful to stifling, explaining how the drunken "man" was suffocating the "young girl" with his jealousy and control that he tried to impose on her. He tells how the "man" went so far as to tie a cowbell to the "young girl's" foot so that he would hear if she was trying to leave in the middle of the night and how one time, the "man" caught the "young girl" and tied her to the stove with his belt. Jane is coming to tears while Travis continues to speak, informing the viewer of how he came to loathe himself and why he had disappeared for so long never wanting to see a trace of anybody. When he finally finishes, Jane expresses how hard it had been for her to move on from Travis and that she often wondered what had become of him. He finally faces the glass, turning a lamp on his face so that Jane can get a faint glimpse of him. He tells Jane that Hunter is in a hotel room waiting for her and that he would like her to go there to be reunited with him for good. Jane agrees and Travis leaves the room. The final scene follows as the viewer watches Jane enter the hotel room where Hunter is waiting and embrace her child.
tt0076538
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
In early 20th-century Maine, Pete (Sean Marshall) is fleeing his adoptive family, the Gogans, who mistreat him and use him as a slave. As family matriarch Lena Gogan (Shelley Winters) and company attempt to lure him back ("The Happiest Home in These Hills"), an unseen force, which Pete calls Elliott, distracts the Gogans by knocking Willie (Jeff Conaway) and the rest of the family into the mud. Frustrated, the Gogans resume their search elsewhere, since they spent their savings on "buying" Pete and can't afford to adopt another orphan. The next morning, Pete and Elliott, who is revealed to be a large green and purple dragon, share breakfast in an apple orchard ("Boo Bop BopBop Bop (I Love You, Too)"). The pair decide to go to a nearby fishing village, Passamaquoddy. Unfortunately, the unseen Elliott makes his presence known by knocking over things and making footprints in wet cement. Pete is immediately labeled a source of ill luck and is forced to flee. Nearby, Lampie (Mickey Rooney) stumbles out of a tavern and encounters Pete. Elliott decides to make himself visible and playfully scare Lampie, much to the disgust of Pete. Panicked, Lampie runs back into the bar to warn the townsfolk, who take his rantings as a drunken delusion ("I Saw a Dragon"). Nora (Helen Reddy), Lampie's headstrong daughter, comes looking for him and gets swept up in the tavern's lampooning. Nora takes Lampie back to their home, the Passamaquoddy lighthouse, and settles him down. After putting Lampie to bed, she spies a young boy, Pete, walking along the beach and decides to investigate. Pete and Elliott sit in a cave near the lighthouse, where Pete rebukes Elliott for causing trouble and worries about his own future. The two make up just as Pete is discovered by Nora, who invites him into the lighthouse for the night. There, he explains his history and how Elliott rescued him from the Gogans ("It's Not Easy"). As they talk, Pete sees a picture of a sailor and asks who it is. Nora explains that it is her fiancé Paul, whose ship has been missing for a long time. Pete tells her that he will ask Elliott about Paul, because he [Elliott] has a way of knowing things. Nora believes Elliott to be an imaginary friend, and that Pete is trying to cheer her up, so she pretends to believe that Elliott will help her. Doc Terminus (Jim Dale), a snake-oil salesman, and his shill Hoagie (Red Buttons), fleeing from pursuers, arrive in Passamaquoddy. The town's population, who have been visited by Terminus before, are initially angered by his return. But, thanks to his clever salesmanship, Terminus is able to calm the mob ("Passamashloddy") and sets up shop to sell more of his wares. Meanwhile, Nora has taken Pete to buy some new clothes. That evening, Pete asks to go to the cave to show Elliott his new suit and to take Paul's picture so Elliott can help find him. Both agree, with Lampie adding that Elliott isn't allowed in the lighthouse. Nora thanks her father for pretending that the dragon exists, but Lampie insists he actually saw a dragon. Nora tells him to be realistic, to which Lampie retorts that Nora has been holding out hope for Paul's return, something nobody else expects to happen. Lampie apologizes for his outburst and excuses himself, giving Nora time to think ("Candle on the Water"). As Terminus and Hoagie "treat" the townsfolk in the tavern, Lampie drunkenly stumbles up and tells them both about the dragon. Terminus dismisses the tale, but Hoagie, just as drunk as Lampie, agrees to go with Lampie to the cave. In the cave, Elliott observes the duo as they frighten themselves with exaggerated descriptions of a terrifying monster. Fearful himself, and not realizing they are describing him, Elliott joins them as they explore, to the shock of Hoagie and Lampie. After all three face each other, Hoagie offers Elliott some liquor as a gesture of peace. The alcohol, however, triggers a fiery belch from his mouth that chases both men out of the cave. Nora escorts Pete to school, while the local fishermen complain about the recent scarcity of fish, and upon seeing Pete believe he is the cause. Nora angrily reminds them the fishing grounds shift at times, and that "There's Room For Everyone" in town, even Pete and his "dragon." At the schoolhouse, Miss Taylor is wary of accepting Pete as a new student, but relents. During the lessons, the invisible Elliott begins ringing the school bell. As Pete tries to stop Elliott, Miss Taylor sees Pete on the bell's rope and thinks that he is ringing it. Miss Taylor punishes Pete for lying, which enrages Elliott, who smashes into the building, leaving dragon-shaped holes in the walls. Doc Terminus, hearing the ruckus, sees the damage and realizes the dragon is quite real. He discovers that dragons have a lot of uses ("Every Little Piece") and hatches a plot to buy Elliott from Pete. At the lighthouse, Terminus makes Pete an offer for Elliott, which Pete refuses since he doesn't "own" Elliott. The two crooks are subsequently chased away by Nora's foghorn. Afterwards, Nora reveals to Pete that she and Lampie would like for Pete to stay with them, so that Pete can "stop running" and live a normal life. Gratefully, Pete accepts their offer ("Brazzle Dazzle Day"). Unfortunately, the Gogans arrive in Passamaquoddy, still searching for Pete. They ask Hoagie if he knows a Pete, one that always talks about a dragon. Nearby townsfolk react to the question, telling them this is where Pete is. The Gogans find Pete with Nora and Lampie by the wharf ("Bill of Sale"), but Elliott arrives in time to save the day. Terminus later visits the Gogans, convincing them that he will give them Pete if they help him capture Elliott. He then gathers allies among the superstitious who take the dragon as a sign of misfortune and prepares a trap. That evening, a storm starts to blow in. Elliott tells Pete he has located Paul. Pete tries to tell Nora the good news; however, Nora, still believing that Pete has made up Elliott, says that since Pete has a new home, it was time both of them became more realistic so they could move on. Even Lampie begins to doubt that he saw a dragon. Pete, however, is largely undeterred, and he helps Nora prepare the lighthouse for the storm. Out at sea, a sailing ship is heading for Passamaquoddy. The ship's captain is assisted by none other than Paul, who knows the local waters, as well as the lighthouse-keepers. Terminus comes to the lighthouse and lures Pete to the town's boathouse, while the frightened Hoagie does the same to Elliott. At the boathouse, Elliott discovers Pete just as Terminus springs his trap. Elliott is able to break free and rescues Pete from the Gogans before they can escape. In a last effort, Lena Gogan shows Elliott the bill of sale that declares her Pete's legal guardian. Elliott sets the paper on fire, tips Lena Gogan into a barrel of creosote, and chases off the family's carriage horse. As Pete and Elliott celebrate, Terminus aims a large harpoon gun at the distracted dragon. He is about to fire when he realizes that the harpoon's rope is looped around his ankle. He diverts the cannon, but is unable to stop it from shooting him through the ceiling. The harpoon lands in a pole, leaving Terminus dangling and, with his wagon destroyed, out of business. As they prepare to leave, Elliott sees a utility pole start to fall towards the town hall, just as the mayor, Miss Taylor and the town council are exiting. Elliott, now visible, catches the pole and saves them, much to their surprise. Off the coast, a ship is headed for the jagged rocks of a reef. The Passamaquoddy lighthouse has been hit by a monstrous wave that shattered the lantern room windows, drenching the oil-burning lamp, and Lampie cannot find a dry wick. Elliott arrives just in time to light the lamp with his own fire. As he is trying to do so, Nora comes in and is astonished by his presence. After several failures, the light is ignited and the ship is saved. The saving of the ship enables Elliott to become accepted by the townspeople as a heroic figure or guardian. The economy prospers, and the mayor is humbled. Nora's love Paul returns, the sole survivor of the wreck of which Nora was informed earlier. It is revealed that Paul had lost his memory until an intervention by Elliott restored it, and shown that he was aboard the ship saved during the previous night. Elliott, however, has sad news: because Pete is now safe and has a loving family of his own, the dragon must move on to help other children. Pete and Elliott say their goodbyes, and Elliott flies off to his next task, with Pete reminding him to remain invisible. A reprise of the line "There really is a dragon" is provided by Paul.
tt0086979
Crime,Drama,Thriller
In an unnamed Texas town, a sleazy bar owner Julian Marty suspects his wife, Abby (Frances McDormand), of being unfaithful. Abby gets one of the bartenders, Ray, to give her a ride out of town to Houston. She mentions her husband gave her a pearl handled pistol for their first anniversary and she states she figured she leave before she uses it on her husband, A seedy private detective Loren Visser (M. Emmet Walsh) hired by Marty to follow Abby, takes photos of Abby and Ray, when they end up at a local motel together rather than leaving town. Marty makes a menacing wake up phone call to them, making it clear that he is aware of their tryst. The next day Ray confronts Marty at the bar, it ends badly and Ray quits, walking out at which point Marty threatens Ray. Marty arranges for the private detective to kill the pair, and on the detective's suggestion, Marty goes out of town to create an alibi. That night, the detective breaks into Ray's house and steals Abby's revolver, partially loaded with 3 bullets, that was originally given to her by her husband. Visser uses photos he has doctored to make it appear that he has actually murdered the lovers and goes to collect his $10,000 fee from Marty, whereupon he shoots Marty with Abby's gun and drops it on the floor. Upon leaving, the detective does not realize not only has he has left behind his lighter but also the doctored photo that Marty has removed from the envelope and placed in his safe when getting the money. Later, that same evening, Ray arrives at the bar to insist that Marty pay him the back wages he's owed. Ray finds Marty shot in his chair bleeding out onto the floor. Ray discovers the gun, when he kicks it and it goes off. He recognizes the pistol as belonging to Abby. Ray is interrupted by another employee, Meurice, who arrives in the bar. Ray uses the noise from the bar jukebox to mask his attempt to clean up the blood. He removes Marty's body, dropping Abby's gun into Marty's coat pocket, puts the body into his car and drives off after throwing the bloody windbreaker and towel into the incinerator behind the bar. Driving down the highway, he hears a noise from the rear seat: Marty is alive. Panicking, Ray stops the car, jumps out the passenger door, and runs a short distance into a field. On returning to the car, he sees that the back driver's side door is open and finds Marty crawling down the highway. At first Ray debates running him over with his car, but then grabs a shovel from the trunk, intending to kill him that way, but is interrupted by an oncoming tractor-trailer. Ray considers throwing Marty into the path of the truck, but instead he picks up Marty and drags him back and into the car. Ray drives to the middle of a farmer's field, digs a hole and throws the still alive Marty in. He is in process of burying him when Marty pulls Abby's gun from his jacket pocket. He points it at Ray, and pulls the trigger and it clicks; he pulls it again twice more with the same result. Ray removes the gun from him and continues to bury Marty alive. At dawn, Ray gets his car started and drives off. Meanwhile, the private detective burns the series of doctored copies of the photograph he used to fake the murder of Abby and Ray. He opens the envelope in he handed to Marty and got back and he discovers that Marty has replaced the photo with a sign asking employees to wash their hands before returning to work. Annoyed, he tries to light his cigarette and notices his engraved prized lighter is gone. At Abby's apartment, a deeply disturbed Ray arrives and tries to explain that he cleaned up Abby's mess. Abby does not understand what Ray is talking about, and they get into an argument. Ray has blood on his shirt and Abby thinks the two men had a fight. Ray thinks Abby is being coy when she uses the same term her husband told Ray she used when he caught her cheating. The phone rings, interrupting their argument, and Abby answers but the caller doesn't speak. Abby hangs up thinking it was Marty when it was really the detective. "Well, that was him." "Who?" "Marty." Horrified, Ray leaves and drops Abby's revolver on the table on his way out. Meanwhile, Meurice, the other bartender, checks his answering machine and gets a delayed message from Marty claiming that a large amount of money has been stolen from the safe and that either he or Ray took it. Meurice goes to confront Ray about the theft of the money. Abby goes to Marty's bar to try to find out what happened with Ray. Abby finds the bar ransacked, the safe's combination lock dented, chipped, and partially shattered. The private detective had been trying to break into the safe to retrieve the photo and was interrupted by Abby's arrival: he is hiding in the bar watching Abby move about. She picks up a towel from the top of the safe; a hammer falls out. Abby spins the dial but does not open the safe. The now-rotting fish that Marty brought back from his trip are still on the desk where Marty was killed; and the detective's lighter is still underneath. At her apartment, Abby lies in bed; she gets up to wash her face and hears someone enter the apartment. She calls Ray's name, then pushes open the bathroom door. Marty is sitting on the bed. He tells her that he loves her, and then warns her; "He'll kill you too.", then pitches forward and vomits a torrent of blood. Abby wakes up from the dream. Ray is at his apartment packing when Abby arrives. Abby thinks that Marty refused to pay Ray, that Ray broke into the bar to get his money, and that the two of them got into a fight. Ray interrupts and tells her he found her gun at the bar, that he can't eat or sleep lately, and that Marty was alive when he buried him. Abby leaves to tell Meurice that she thinks Marty is dead; Meurice leaves for the bar. Ray is at the bar; he opens the safe and finds the faked photo showing him and Abby in bed, bodies riddled with holes, blood staining the sheets. He leaves for Abby's apartment and notices the same older model VW parked behind him, the same car that was following them earlier,when they ended up at the motel. Ray pulls out, and the private detective follows him. Abby arrives at her apartment and turns on the lights; Ray is looking out a large window and tells Abby to turn off the light. Abby is reluctant to do so. The private detective is on top of a nearby building, watching the two through a sniper scope, and shoots Ray through the back, killing him. Abby runs to crouch beneath the window, takes off her shoes, and throws them at the light bulb, breaking it. Visser arrives at Abby's apartment, and she goes into the bathroom to hide; outside the bathroom window is a precipitous drop. In Abby's sparsely furnished living room, Visser bludgeons Ray with a large coin bank, then searches Ray's pockets for the lighter, thinking he took it. Failing to find it, he goes into the bathroom. Abby is not there; he looks outside the window, then hearing a sound through the wall, he reaches his arm over, finding another window. He opens the window; Abby slams it on top of his wrist and drives a knife through his hand into the windowsill. The detective screams and then shoots holes through the wall and finally punches through and removes the knife from his other hand. Abby, dazed, backs out of the room and slides down the wall opposite the bathroom door, finding her revolver on the table by the door. The door is partly closed; eventually the man's shadow darkens the doorway, and Abby fires through the door, using up the third and final bullet. The detective falls. "I'm not afraid of you, Marty," Abby says. Visser, laying out on the bathroom floor, bleeding from his chest and hand, suddenly bursts into laughing. "Well, ma'am, if I see him, I'll sure give him the message." The detective lies looking up at the underside of the bathroom sink. Water collects on its underside, grows into a drop, and drips. The movie ends.
tt0250468
Drama,Mystery,Romance
The film opens with a voice over describing how the brain begins to shut down at an altitude of 20,000 feet, the human body unable to survive at such heights. A mountaineering group is shown climbing a cliff face in the snow, until an avalanche causes the rigging to break and they fall to their deaths. Alice (Graham) is a young American woman from the flat lands living in London who believes she is happy in a secure job and a relationship with her live-in boyfriend. However, after a chance encounter with a mysterious stranger (Fiennes), she seeks him out and the two end up in the backyard having fast and sensuous sex. She returns home to her boyfriend, unsuccessfully attempting to bring out the same feelings between them she had with her stranger. The following day she seeks the stranger out again, discovering his name is Adam - a mountain climber who is considered a hero after a tragic outing where one team lost their lives. She leaves her boyfriend and begins a relationship with Adam. He soon asks Alice to marry him, a proposal she happily accepts, but her newfound happiness is haunted by a series of mysterious phone calls and messages. On the day of their wedding, she receives an unmarked letter warning her against Adam. She ignores it and the two marry. Soon after she begins receiving more letters and begins to wonder about her husband's mysterious past. She becomes even more alarmed when she searches a locked wardrobe and finds a box of old letters from an ex-lover. Alice searches after several leads as to who is sending the warnings and discovers a woman from Adam's past had gone missing. She suspects he had something to do with it and eventually runs from him. She goes to police but they cannot do anything without any evidence. Alice then goes to seek for help with Adam's sister, Deborah, only to find out that she was responsible for the death of his ex-lover. It is revealed that Deborah has an incestuous past with Adam, resulting in her subsequent possessiveness. As she tries to mete the same fate out to Alice, out comes Adam from the snowy perilous night to her rescue. Livid, he dismisses the past on account of their adolescence. Struck and fallen, Deborah makes an attempt on his life, stopped short by Alice's timely intervention, mortally wounding Deborah with a flare pistol. Adam admits to Alice that he and his sister were once together as children, and that he thought that if Alice just trusted him, then everything would be alright. Next morning, Adam is apparently taken away by the Police, betraying no hints of the possibility of their eventual union. Two years later Alice and Adam see one another again on either side of an escalator - she's going down and he's riding up. They both watch each other as they pass without saying anything. Adam stops at the top and turns to stare back at Alice before walking away. The film ends with Alice's voice over recollecting the events in posterity and wondering what might have happened had fate not led her to Adam one morning. She wonders if the passion between them could ever have lasted, and that a girl born in the flatlands could never have survived at 20,000 feet anyway.
tt1262426
Fantasy,Musical,Romance
Wicked tells the story of Elphaba, the future Wicked Witch of the West and her relationship with Glinda, the Good Witch of the North. Their friendship struggles through their opposing personalities and viewpoints, rivalry over the same love-interest, their reactions to the Wizard's corrupt government, and, ultimately, Elphaba's public fall from grace. The plot is set mostly before Dorothy's arrival from Kansas, and includes several references to well-known scenes and dialogue in the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz as a backstory.
tt0115751
Drama
BREAKING the WAVES The story was about love, faith and confidence. A small coastal village in North Scotland, in 1970s.The village neighborhood didnt like foreigners, especially when those people worshiped different religions. The public of this village were very pious. In un-developed regions, women arent allowed to participate in the funeral ceremonies. The film was the first film of a trilogy, the names of which Golden Heart series. The movie was recorded by a hand-held camera, that brings audiences into the place. This technique made the fiction more realistic. The main character was Bess who had some mental problems and a childish manner. She had to be taken care of by her family members. She was talking with herself with a God Voice and tried to find a way to endure her pain. In the early chapters, we saw, Bess and Jan got married, had an incredible honeymoon and sexual experience. When Jan started to work, she missed him very much and begged God for the return her husband immediately. Everything changed with an accident. When Jan was in the oil-rig, he injured his neck and completely paralyzed. When Bess learned the accident, first she was very happy but then she started to blame herself. Their sex relations remained to fall down that situation. Jan asked her to take a lover and tell him the details. Because Jan knew Besss church wouldnt permit divorce. What do we think about Jans suggestion? Did he really want to get rid of her, for her sake? Or did he just think about himself? I think the story didnt answer this question. We should think about a man who was completely paralyzed and became selfish. Dodo, who was Besss sister-in-law, said sickness is a mighty power They quarreled about Besss situation. Jan believed Bess has more strength than them. Because of the whole painful process, Jan attempted to kill himself. When he failed, he asked Dodo for help for his own suicide. Dodo denied his request, she thought the second death would be very damaging for Bess. Bess had recently lost her brother. On the other side, Bess started to commit adultery. She believed in God and convinced herself if she did some sacrifices, Jan would be able to recovered. When she mentioned her bus experience, Jans reaction was unclearly. Was he relieved or annoyed? I think the most impressive chapter was the sixth one called Faith. In that chapter she started to go cheap bars and chose the ugliest guys. She punished herself that way. Meanwhile her reputation had become very damaged in the small village. Only Jans doctor and Dodo realized her tough condition. Bess had attempted to seduce the doctor too. Maybe he also liked her too, but didnt want to use her case. Everyone around her started to become aware of her sinful behavior. They even didnt tolerate her attitude. Her church, her neighbors, even her mother, everyone around her rejected her. In those kinds of small villages, people can be very cruel about morality. Which is the biggest sin? Who are the biggest sinners in this condition? Social rules are pressure in a small society. Actually, in this story everybody suffered a lot but they pretended to remain innocent while they pushed her down the cliff. I think miracles arent always fair. They can cause some kind of miserable consequences. At the end of the movie the unexpected miracle happened; the man recovered but he also lost his wife. The villagers wanted to punish her body too. They refused to bury her appropriately. Jan stole the body and gave her a real funeral. She buried at sea with the sound of bells. Here we have a story which argues what is right or wrong in love. If we were Bess, how many of us could be strong in love? ? To love a man and never hesitate to do some kind of tough sacrifices
tt0089175
Horror,Thriller
Charley Brewster, is a normal, average teenager living with his divorced mother in a unnamed suburban township. One evening, Charley looks out his window and sees his new neighbors moving in the next door and appear to be carrying what looks like a coffin. Intreged with his new neighbors, Charley begins to spy on them. One day, a young woman (obivously a call girl) shows up at Charley's house by accident looking for another address and Charley directs her to the house next door. The next morning at school, Charley sees a news broadcast about the police finding "another murder victim" from an unknown serial killer who decapitates female victims and drains the bodies of blood. Another evening later, Charley, suspecting something sinister about his new neighbors, spies on the house next door and sees Jerry Dandridge bitting the neck of a young teenage girl. He tells his mother what he saw, but she passes it off as Charley's imagination. Charley tries to tell his friend "Evil Ed", and girlfriend Amy Peterson, but neither of them believe him, and begin to worry about Charley's mental well being. Another day later, Charley calls the police with information about one of the murder victims and a detective accompanies him to the house where they meet Billy Cole, Jerry Dandridge's "roommate" who lets them in and shows them around the house. Finding nothing, the detective decides to leave, but Charley tells him to check the basement, which Billy seem adament about letting them go down there. The detective forces Charley to leave with him and tells him not to ever call on him again, thinking that Charley has an overactive imagination. Suspecting that Jerry Dandridge is a vampire, he seeks advice from Evil Ed about how to fight vampires. Evil Ed tells him, from watching movies and documentaries about suspected vampires, that vampires are super strong, have no heartbeat or pulse, have vulnerabilites to holy water and crosses. They also cast no reflection in a mirror and they and can only be killed by fire, decapitation, sunlight, or a wooden stake through the heart. Ed also tells Charley that a vampire cannot enter a person's home without an invitation. Charley goes home, but finds Jerry Dandridge in his living room waiting for him... having been invited in by Charley's mother. Dandridge is seemingly friendly and tells Mrs. Brewster about Charley showing up at his house today, and she reprimands Charley not to do it again. That evening, Charley begins to fortify the house, knowing that Dandridge can enter whenever he feels like it. However, Dandridge enters the house from a second floor window and hides in a closet in Charley's bedroom. When Charley gets ready for bed, Dandridge suprises him and threatens to kill him for snooping around and nearly revealing his secret that he indeed is a vampire. When Dandridge tries to choke Charley to death, he stabs the vampire in his right hand with a pensil. Wounded and angry, Jerry Dandridge terrorizes Charley by revealing his true vampire demonic image, complete with red eyes, fangs, claws, and a roaring with a wolf-like rage, but waking up Charley's mother. Dandridge flees and threatens to kill Charley tomorrow night. The next morning, Charley then seeks out help of favorite vampire killer, Peter Vincent, a former actor who hosts TV segments of horror movies that Charley watches and who claims to be a real vampire hunter. Charley confronts Vincent at the studio where he works and tells him that his neighbor is a vampire and is going to kill him. Vincent, like everyone else, brushes off Charley's claims as an overeager teen with an overactive imagination. Charley does not go to school that day (because he finds his car totaled after Dandridge apparently trashed it the other night after their confrontation). Evil Ed and Amy visit Charley at his house and finds him secluded in his bedroom with crosses hanging everywhere. Hearing him talk about Peter Vincent, Evil Ed and Amy visit him at his apartment where they tell him about their friend and persuade him to prove to him that vampires don't exist. Vincent calls Dandridge at his house and offers to come over the next night with Charley to debunk Charley's theory that he is a vampire. The following evening, Vincent, Charley, Ed, and Amy pay a visit to Dandridge's house where Billy lets them in and introduces them to Jerry Dandridge. Vincent tries to show Charley that Danridge is not vampire by having him drink a vital of holy water, as well as him holding a cross. Charley is still not convinced and says that crosses only work on vampires if a person has faith to use it, and the holy water that Dandridge just drank isn't real holy water. However, after Vincent sees Jerry casts no reflection in his small compact mirror he gets scared, and gathers up Amy, Charley, and Ed, and they all leave. Mr. Vincent hurries to his car, and then he drives away fast. Dandridge finds the mirror dropped by Vincent on his way out and leaves as well. As Charley, Amy and Ed walk away, Evil Ed decides to leave Charley and Amy by walking in a dark alley. He runs down an alley, and it gets darker. All the sudden Jerry Dandridge appears, who wants Ed to become a vampire. At Peter Vincent's apartment, he huddles scared and tries to shake it off, from feeling scared. Just then Evil Ed knocks on Peter Vincent's door. Vincent opens it, and begins conversing to Evil Ed casually, as he knows nothing of the hideous, undead Evil Ed is now. Suddenly Evil Ed attacks Mr. Vincent, who places a cross upon Evil Ed's forehead, which burns. A scalded Evil Ed slinks away, threatening Mr. Vincent by telling his "Master". Charley and Amy find Dandridge following them and he chases them to a local nightclub where Dandridge sees that Amy resembles his lost love. He uses his vampire charm to hypnotize her and dance with him. When Charley intervenes, Dandridge restrains him and two bouncers appear, in which Danridge morphs into his fanged, red-eyed vampire self and kills both bounders with his superhuman strenght. Dandridge escapes from the nightclub in the confusion and chaos with Amy, and he and tells Charley to meet him later at his house or he will kill her. Charley runs back to Mr. Vincent, who makes him grab a cross before he enters his apartment. Charley persuades Peter Vincent that they must confront Dandridge and kill him before the night is over. The duo get ready, and go to Jerry's house. By then, he has already turned Amy into a half-vampire. As Charley and Vincent enter the house, Dandridge appears on the top of the stairs and says: "welcome to"Fright Night"... for real. Vincent hesitates for a moment, and his faith Is too weak to keep Dandridge at bay with his cross. However Charley has faith and the vampire covers in fear from his crucifix. But Billy Cole comes to his master's aid and knocks Charley off the staircase, rendering him unconscious. Vincent panics and runs to Charley's house. Charley wakes up to find himself locked in a room with Amy (who is now a half-vampire). Dandridge leaves a stake for Charley, giving him a choice:to kill Amy or not and risk getting killed by her when she fully turns in the morning. Vincent flees to Charley's house to hide out, only to be confronted by Evil Ed, who transforms himself into a wolf and attacks Vincent again. Vincent defends himself by breaking a wooden table leg and kills Evil Ed by stabbing him through the heart, who then morphs back into his human form as he dies. Vincent then returns to the Dandridge house where he frees Charley and they confront Billy again. Vincent shoots him several times with a gun, but Billy (a sort of zombie-like slave/familiar) keeps advancing towards them, and Charley finally kills him with Vincent's wooden stake by stabbing him through the heart in which Billy melts into a gooey mess of blood and green slime. Charley and Vincent have another confrontation with Dandridge, who is kept at bay with their crucifix's, and they see that dawn is approaching. Dandridge transforms himself into a bat and flies away. Charley and Vincent venture down to the basement to find Dandridge's coffin to kill him while he sleeps. Just when they find the coffin, Amy, now a fully turned vampire, enters and attacks them. While Charley tries to keep her away, Vincent manages to open Jerry Dandridge's coffin and tries to drive his wooden stake through his heart, but Dandridge wakes up and Vincent stabs him, but misses his heard. The vampire rises from his coffin, pulls out the wooden stake and breaks in two. But when he attacks Vincent, Charley begins smashing in all the basement windows, allowing the sunlight to hit Dandridge. Using a mirror, they reflect the sunlight and finally manage to kill Dandridge by blasting him with the rays and he bursts into flames and within seconds his body is redused to dust and bones. With Jerry Dandridge's death, the still-alive Amy is apparently released from his curse and becomes human once again. In the final scene, the movie ends just where it began with Charley and Amy back in his room watching a horror movie hosted by Peter Vincent on the TV, who announces his dedicating the movie to his friend Charley for making him belive that vampires are real. The movie is left open ended, when Charley looks out at the Dandridge house next door, now dark and vacant, he briefly sees a pair of red eyes staring at him from the darkness. But instead of telling Amy, he decides to let it go and goes back to her for another make-out session on his bed. The voice of Evil Ed is heard saying "oh you're so cool Brewster!"
tt1418377
Action,Fantasy,Horror
The aurora was seen in the starry sky high above snow covered mountains. Trekking through the steep snow was Adam (Aaron Eckhart). In his arms was the limp body of his creator, Victor Frankenstein (Aden Young). Adam made his way to the top of the mountain. "I was cast into being in the winter of 1795." Adam narrated as he continued to walk. "A living corpse without a soul." He walked across a freezing river. As he said the next lines, a flashback occurred showing how he was made. "Stitched. Jolted. Bludgeoned back to life... by a mad man." Victor, with his creation wrapped up like a mummy, rolled the body off a bridge and into the river below. "Horrified by his creation, he tried to destroy me. But I survived." In the flashback, Adam surfaced from the muddy river, and made his way back to the castle. "And found my way... back to him." Victor looked around in horror as he heard his wife, Elizabeth (Virginie Le Brun), scream. "A life for a life. That's what I wanted." Adam narrated. Victor ran back to his bedroom where the scream came from, only to find Elizabeth dead on the bed. "I took that... of his beloved new bride." Victor saw Adam sneak back out of a door. On a search for vengeance, Victor traveled through a blizzard, as Adam continued his narration. "He pursued me through the far north. I was immune to the cold... he was not." Victor fell to the ground. Dead. Adam appeared over his body. Adam arrived at what appeared to be an old run downed church. Gargoyle statues were perched at places around it. Arriving at a cemetery, Adam dropped to his knees, and Victor rolled to the ground. Next he dug a grave, and gently laid his body in it. "I Buried him," Adam continued his narration. "In his family cemetery. It was more than he deserved." As Adam stood over the grave, his face was revealed. Long messy hair, and full of scars. "I thought it was the end... but was actually... just the beginning." On the cross that served as Victor's grave stone, read 'Frankenstein'. With an angry frown, he started to shovel dirt into the grave. Before he could finish burying his creator, sharp finger nails scratched at a nearby gravestone. Adam quickly turned around, only to be surrounded by humanoid creatures in priest robes. "We have been waiting for you," one of the creatures said before his skin burned off, and a demonic face looked back at Adam. "You will come with us." Adam tried to fight the closest one, only for it to send him flying into a mausoleum. He tried to get up and fight them, but one of them managed to pin him down by his throat. Adam saw a nearby grave marker that was in a strange symbol. With some struggle, he managed to grab it and quickly stabbed the creature that pinned him down. Said creature burst into flames. Further away, a stone Gargoyle faced in the direction of the grave. Barely a second later, a purple eye opened on it. Back with Adam, the flames from the dead creature swirled around him before it vanished. Several more Gargoyles started to move as the fight escalated in the cemetery. One creature managed to pin Adam down with a weapon, and kept kicking his face until Adam went unconscious. But before he could go for the killing blow, the lead creature told him they needed him alive. After he said that, a Gargoyle grabbed several of the creatures and lifted them in the air. Being left alone, he tried to run, only for one of them to spear him through the chest, which caused his to burst into flames. Ophir (Mahesh Jadu), the one that stabbed the leader, transformed into his human form, and looked up at the sky. The other Gargoyle killed the remaining creature, and the flames went into the ground. "That was the last of them." Keziah (Caitlin Stasey) said as she joined Ophir in the cemetery. They both wonder just what Adam is. Ophir remarks, "I never seen a human kill a demon before. And with such strength." "It's been a long time since I've seen demons this far north." Ophir said as Keziah examined the unconscious Adam. They both figure that Adam is something special. Ophir dropped down in Victor's grave, and searched. He pulled out a book. Victor's journal. As Keziah placed her hands on Adam's chest, he stirred in his sleep. "He's alive. It's alive!" Adam quickly woke with a start. Only to find that his hands were shackled to the floor in a strange room. Ophir tried to calm him with a 'shush'. Your Majesty! Keziah called as Gideon (Jai Courtney) entered the room. Behind Gideon was Leonore (Miranda Otto). Adam looked fearful and helpless as the four examined him. "No more than a wild beast, your Majesty." Gideon said. "Destroy it. Be done with this." Seeing the shackles starting to rip from the floor, Keziah brought her daggers to Adam's throat. Adam looked to his other side, and saw that Ophir had done the same. "So, you understand reason." Leonore spoke. "Where am I?" Adam finally spoke. "How did I get here?" Instead of answering, Leonore only wanted to know about the creatures that attacked Adam, and what did they want. "I don't know!" "We heard them speak of Naberius." Ophir told him. Keziah also mentioned that Naberius wanted Adam alive, only she used 'thing' instead of Adam. "If Naberius wants it alive... all the more reason to destroy it." Gideon stalked forward, only for Adam to struggled in his shackles with a 'no!'. But before Gideon could strike, Leonore stopped him. As Leonore approached Adam, he raised up in a defiant way. His shackles holding steady. Leonore brushed some of Adam's long hair from his fearful face. "Him," Leonore corrected. "Not it." As the group lead Adam down a corridor, she introduced herself as Leonore. High Queen of the Gargoyle order. Next was Gideon, her most trusted warrior. She then tells him that he was attacked by four demons under the command of a dark prince called Naberius. She then leads him to a window, and outside, was a huge castle. Gargoyles were frozen in place all over it. The Gargoyle order was commanded into being by the great archangel Michael. Leonore explained. "'tis our sacred duty to wage war against the demon horde. The six hundred and sixty six legions of Hell spawned creatures unleashed by Satan after his fall from Heaven. Humans think of us as mere decoration. They do not know nor could they can see that the brutal unseen war being fought around them every day. The war that may one day determine the fate of all mankind. You have now been drawn into this war." I care not for the world of man. Adam responded, only for Leonore to say that she knows about him. Shunned by his creator. Lost and alone. You will be welcomed here. Until we learn why Naberius wants you. I ask that you stay with us. Safe within these hallowed walls. Leonore said, only for Adam to say he goes his own way. Gideon also bright up the fact that Adam murdered Elizabeth. Victor Frankenstein's wife. All in the heat of passion. Driven by emotions he was never taught to control. He may be more human than he realizes. After she said that, Adam only walks away. But quickly turned around when Leonore says, I understand Frankenstein never offered you a name. I should like to call you... Adam. I promise you this, Adam. Each of us has a higher purpose. Yours has simple yet to reveal itself. After that, Ophir and Keziah lead Adam through the castle. They tell him that they are always outnumbered and their ranks have thinned, but demons remain strong. And to help Adam survive against them, the Queen has asked them to provide him with weapons. Once they enter the weapon room, Ophir tells him that demons can only be descended by blessed objects, such as holy water or a crucifix. Adam picks up a weapon. Keziah mentions that any objects can be made sacramental by marking them with the blessed symbol of the Gargoyle order. And upon looking closer at the weapon, Adam saw it was marked with the symbol. "Descended?" Adam asked as he continued to look around for a weapon. "When a demon is killed, its spirit descends to hell. Where it remains trapped for all eternity." Ophir answered. Only for Adam to ask, 'How do you descend a Gargoyle?' Keziah tells him that they are sacramental beings of light and good. They ascend. And only godless creatures that have no souls can ascend a Gargoyle. As Adam picks up a pair of blunt weapons, Ophir tells him he would not want that because it's blunt and crude and far too heavy to wield. In response, Adam picks up the other one, and swings both around with ease. Ophir asks him to take a side in the war, and use his gift. Adam walks out of the room with one glance back. "I do not care how many demons it descended." Gideon told Leonore. "You should've let me destroy it." She tells him she's not blind to the risk, and that Adam is alive. And all life is sacred. "It is not human born." In which Leonore replies, 'Neither are we, Gideon.' She handed Gideon Victor's journal and tells him to lock it in the vault. It must never fall into Naberius' hands. Gideon tells her it's only a book. "'tis written proof that God is no longer the sole creator of man." Leonore told him. Adam exited the castle. Before he left, Ophir told him that if he should ever change his mind, he will always find refuge at the castle. "Trusting others," Adam narrated. "Is a mistake you only make once. And so I resolve to seek out the farthest corners of the Earth." As he narrated, Adam once again trekked throughout the world. "Where no human, demon or Gargoyle would ever find me. So many years passed, I lost track of time. Yet I did not grow old and die as humans do." Adam stood high on a mountain practicing how to use his weapons. "Victor Frankenstein's final curse." Adam sketched the Gargoyle symbol onto a homemade dagger. "I thought Naberius' demons have forgotten me... but I was wrong." Three demons crept through a forest. "And I unleashed all my range upon them." His voice turned into a growl towards the end. Adam set a trap for the three demons. And before they knew it, they were nothing more than flames shooting into the sky, before finally being descended back to hell. "I had hidden long enough," Adam narrated as time passed. His hair was now shorter, and his scars were more visible. "Now I would hunt those... who are hunting me. I returned to the place I had left so long ago." As he looked over the city, he saw that it had changed drastically. Lights shone brightly. And the castle was now in the middle of a city. "The human world has changed," He walked through a crowd. "In the time I had been gone. But some things... had not changed." Adam entered a club. Everyone looked at him. "If the demons found me in the wilderness. It was only a matter of time before they found me here." He watched a man at a nearby table. "Which is why I had to find them first." He followed the man as he left the club. As he entered a dark alley, he removed his twin weapons. One demon quickly jumped from the shadows. Adam managed to catch him, and pin him to a wall. He asked the demon where Naberius was. But instead, a cop had followed him into the alley. Adam used the demon as a human shield. The creature broke free of Adam's hold, broke his weapon in half, and managed to break the cop's neck in a matter of seconds. Two more demons landed in the alley, which were both taken down in rapid succession. After killing the two demons, he saw the first demon take off down the alley. He chased him, even as the demon climbed up a wall. Once Adam arrived on top of the building, the demon jumped off and ran. Before he could think about giving chase, a Gargoyle swooped down and picked Adam up. Naberius (Bill Nighy) sat in the observation room, which overlooked the lab. He observed the experiment that was happening below. Through the glass was Terra (Yvonne Strahovski). Naberius told her that time was fleeting and not to waste his. Down in the room was a dead rat that was hooked to a large machine. And as the experiment commenced, the machine lit up. First, the mouse started to spasm, then it's heart started to spike until it neared a cardiac arrest. They pushed the machine to it's limit, until it shut down. As Terra walked up to the machine, Carl Avery (Nicholas Bell) said there was a heartbeat. Naberius looked closer at the events through the window. His lips started to curve upwards at the events. Another man entered the room, Dekar (Kevin Grevioux), whispered in his ear. "Sir, we have a situation." In another room, standing before Naberius was the demon that Adam fought. He told Neberius about the events, and also exaggerating some bits of the story. "The way it attacked. Strong and fast... like a Gargoyle. It descended... seven of us. I managed to fight it off. I think I wounded it." "It descended seven demons?" Naberius asked. "Yet, you escaped?" As he questioned the man, including, 'You presumed? You presumed to know what I want.', Dekar slowly moved away from the demon. "And you thought I want you to tell me about the creature rather than capture it yourself. That's the choice you made. It's interesting." Naberius walked passed the demon, only to turn around and slap him. "Do not ever... presume to know what I want. Is that understood." The demon, from his position, asks for forgiveness, and calls him Prince Naberius. Outside, a demon watches as the Gargoyle carries away Adam. Once they reached the top of the castle, the Gargoyle tossed Adam through a window. The Gargoyle, which turns into Ophir, enters the window. As Adam mentions Ophir, several Gargoyles pop out of the shadows and shackle Adam by his arms and legs. All four Gargoyles pull, which lift Adam into the air where Gideon places a collar around Adam's neck. Back with Naberius, he poked at the rat and asked Terra when they will begin the final stage. As soon as she says that reanimating a human is far out of reach, Naberius asked her what she knew of a scientist by the name of Victor Frankenstein. "Frankenstein is a myth. A horror story made up to scare children." Terra replied. "And where did he go? Why did he disappear if he really animated a human corpse? Why not share his technology with the rest of the world to save lives and cure paralysis?" "Perhaps he wasn't magnanimous as you are, doctor." Naberius said. Terra replied that every scientist keeps a record. Even when their experiments end in failure. "But if Frankenstein... was real, if he really did animate a human, would it help you to study it?" Terra said yes, but the corpse must be over two hundred years old, and nothing left but bones. Adam was strapped in a chair. Leonore entered the room and told him that their war is a war that must be fought in the shadows. It wasn't an open battlefield. "You care only about yourself, Adam. Leonore told him. Gideon mentions the human that was killed in the alley, in which Adam said, 'I didn't kill him.' Gideon tells him that his actions lead to his death. They decide that it's best to keep Adam locked up in the castle. They can't risk unleashing him on the streets. "My life is my own. You will not take it from me." Adam said. "Your life was not granted to you by the grace of god! It was fabricated in a laboratory. And until you learn to use it wisely, I will do what I must." "Then you are no better than Naberius!" As he said that, her kind face was replaced with a demonic looking one. Seeing Adam's look, she reverted back. "When I met you, my first thought was to have you destroyed. But then I looked into your eyes, and do you know what I saw there? Not a soul... but the potential for one. Now all I see is darkness." "I knew of no other way." He said as they were about to walk out. But that stopped them. "I am not human. Nor Gargoyle. Nor Demon. I am like none other." Ophir and Keziah close the doors on him. Meanwhile, Zuriel (Socratis Otto) stood before Naberius. Dekar asked Zuriel how he plans to remove the creature from the cathedral. He planned on sacrificing his own men to cut the Gargoyle numbers. "Zuriel. None of my legions ever had so worthy a commander as you." Naberius praised from his desk. "Would they have sacrificed themselves so bravely, so willingly for anyone less. You know what this could mean for them. Do not forget. Now, bring me Frankenstein's monster." The demon horde ran through the streets on their way to the cathedral. The Gargoyles watched them from their perch. Gideon asked how many when told of the demons. Keziah replies that there were fifty or so. And once Gideon looked out the window, hordes of demons were running through the streets. As they got close to the cathedral, the Gargoyles went on the attack. But on a nearby rooftop, Zuriel watched. He transformed into his demonic form, and ran towards the cathedral. Zuriel and his soldiers leapt from the high buildings. On each building, were at least hundreds of demons. Each leaping from the building. Gideon told Ophir and Keziah to secure the creature. Throughout the cathedral, blue lights shone all the way up to the heavens as Gargoyle and Gargoyle was ascended. Gideon formed a battle axe with his three weapons. With demons entering the cathedral, he prepared for battle. Demon after demon entered, only to be felled by Gideon and two other Gargoyles. But not wanting to be overrun, he kicked several demons out the open window, and jumped after them. He transformed halfway down. Back in the room, the demons picked up Adam's trail. Ophir and Keziah stood on either side of a still chained Adam. He begged them for a weapon. Ophir growled, and swung his weapon. Which shattered Adam's binds. Now free, Ophir handed Adam a bladed weapon, just as the demons started to break through the door. Seeing the door about to give way, Adam quickly broke it down and used it as a shield as he charged through the horde. Ophir and Keziah were right behind him, killing what Adam missed. As Keziah killed another demon, she was struck from behind. Ophir was also struck, and she watched as he ascended before her eyes. The clock struck twelve, and the loud bell rang. Gideon stood atop the cathedral, and seeing the carnage below him, he roared. Filled with rage, he swooped down and sliced any demon that he saw. The demons had started to flee back towards the city. The remaining Gargoyles, in their rage, gave chase. Inside, Adam approached the wounded Keziah. He offered to do what he can to help, but she said she wanted to be with Ophir. Their love was forbidden by the order, "Will not be so anymore." With that, she a few tears dripped from her eyes as she ascended. Leonore told her guards to help the others. Adam began to get information from a demon that was left behind. "We knew the Gargoyles would do everything they could to keep you out of Naberius' hands." A demon exploded through the window and struck Leonore. "In the heat of battle, they left unprotected... their greatest treasure." The demon grabbed Leonore by the throat. "All we had to do was lure Gideon and the others away." With Gideon, two of his fellow Gargoyles captured a female demon that came with a message from Zuriel. Adam punched his captured demon. "Tell me where Zuriel took her." Not getting an answer, he punched again. "She locked you up. She despised you!" The demon said. "You are nothing to her, but another grand human mistake!" Adam grabbed the demon and brought him over to a small fountain. Filled with holy water. Even being three inches away from the water, the demon had started to smoke. Adam asked again. "Gideon is to bring you there. In exchange for Leonore." Adam shoved the demon's face into the water. His face started to burn away, and as Adam threw him to the ground, he exploded in flames. "Descend in pain, demon." Adam exited the cathedral just as the Gargoyles returned. Gideon entered the room where Leonore was attacked, only to see a small crater. Gideon walked through the halls of the cathedral. He was flanked by two other Gargoyles, who tell him it is forbidden to remove the items in the vault and that none of them have the authority to do so. The queen had expressively forbidden it. And it was dangerous to do so. "Leonore is the spiritual leader of the entire order. Our only direct link to the archangels. Without her, we're but a... dying flock of vigilantes with no hope of ever being reinforced. Is that what you want?" Gideon told them. Once Gideon arrive at the vault, he placed his two daggers into a panel in the floor which acted as a keyhole. Once he turned it, an alter opened up, with spiraling stairs that lead down. He made his way down into the room. Instead of looking around, he made his way to a box, and upon opening it, he pulled out. Frankenstein's journal. "May god forgive me." He said as he closed the box. Adam entered the building, at the same time Gideon did. Only the latter broke through the ceiling, only to see Zuriel holding Leonore, who says he should not have come. Zuriel ask him to show his weapons, which he replies he is unarmed, as Zuriel instructed. Zuriel then ask where is the creature. As Gideon spoke, Adam was sneaking around in the shadows. "I no longer know. When I returned to the cathedral, it had already escaped." Zuriel grabbed Leonore by the throat. "Wait!" He pulled out Frankenstein's journal. Leonore shook her head as she saw what he brought. "This is the private scientific journal of Victor Frankenstein. We found it on Frankenstein's body the night we rescued the creature two hundred years ago. It contains, in detail, how Victor Frankenstein conceived, and then constructed his unholy abomination." Several demons started to stealthily make their way in the room. "And I pray that it may save my queen now." "Gideon, I command you take the journal from this place and let me ascend." She told him. Instead of obeying her, he placed the journal at Zuriel's feet. And as soon as Zuriel dropped Leonore, Gideon grabbed her and flew through the hole in the ceiling. Adam quickly leapt from his spot, weapons raised, and landed before Zuriel, who took off with journal in hand. The demons were quick to attack Adam, but they fell quickly. With them dead, he quickly took off after Zuriel, who used a keycard to enter an elevator. Adam quickly slit the throat of the lone demon near the elevator and took his keycard. Zuriel handed the journal to Naberius, who asked what it was. Nearby, cutting a corpse open, was Molokai (he knows. What are you prepared to do?" "Find Adam." She told him with conviction. "Call every Gargoyle you can spare. Post them on every rooftop." Gideon argued about what they will do after they find him. 'Bring him back to the cathedral, and sacrifice even more Gargoyles to protect him?' "God may not have put Adam on this Earth, but he did allow him to live over two hundred years against incredible odds. It is not for you or I to deny God's purpose." "Sooner or later, your Majesty, you will have no choice." Back at the lab, Terra continued to read the journal. "Eels...?" Carl asked 'what?'. "Electric eels. That's where he got his power from. Six electric eels generating five hundred volts each." From there, they talked about all that energy flowing through the creature's veins, powering its heart and other organs. But then the conversation drifted to what would it take to kill it. Adam made his way through the building, until he made his way to the observation room. From there, he could see Terra. And then he saw her looking through the journal. And the page she was looking at was an exact picture of Adam. As Terra realizes something they may have missed, Adam burst through the glass and landed in the lab. Sirens blared as Terra met Adam's eyes. As he got closer to her, she shakily gave him the journal. Dekar and several more men took this time to enter. Adam looked each way for an exit as he backed away from the men. "Leave him be!" Naberius commanded. "My apologies for the zealous nature of our security. Perhaps if you'd simply knocked on the front door, this unfortunate awkwardness might've been avoided." "Who are you?" Adam asked. "Charles Wessex. And you... must be Frankenstein." Naberius walked closer to Adam. "My name is Adam." "We are all the sons of our fathers, are we not? Denying who we are only means that we are... lost. I am a journeyman. A partisan of progress. Like your father, I too seek to unravel the mortal coils of life. This is doctor Wade. She's one of the worlds most respected electro physiologist. Terra, wracked with nervousness managed a small, 'Hello.' "I have been trying to replicate Victor Frankenstein's stunning triumph... for quite some time." He now stood by Dekar. Terra managed to overcome her nerves and spoke up. "What I've read of the journal has already been extremely helpful..." Adam gave her an angry look that made her shut up. "Be reasonable, Adam. You are a living miracle. You contain answers so many seek." Naberius said. "I seek my own answers." Adam replied. "Of course you do." Naberius walked even closer to Adam. "Stay with us. Help us understand your fathers work, and together we can unlock those answers and more." Far behind Naberius, Zuriel stood. Naberius looked into Adam's eyes. "Yes... Victor Frankenstein gave you life. But he could not restore your soul, could he?" As Naberius was about to touch Adam, he quickly grabbed his hand, only for Naberius' eyes to flash. Zuriel came running towards him. With no other escape route, Adam dove out the window behind him. Instead of hitting the ground, he went though it and landed on a moving subway train. He rolled on the top of it, until he fell through an opening. He managed to grab onto the train before he could fall between it. Seeing nowhere else to go, he entered the train car, and sat in a seat. He pulled out the journal and gently flipped through it. Back in the building, Dekar told Naberius that their was no sign of the creature. He could be anywhere by now. Zuriel said that it would find a safe place so it can study the journal... and then come back. As Naberius asked, 'For what?', Terra entered the area and came up to them. Zuriel then says, "Answers." Terra asked Naberius to explain what is going on. But Naberius only says it was just a break in. A security matter. Terra then shakes that off, and tells him that Frankenstein's creature is alive. She then asked who Zuriel is. Only for Naberius to say he is just an extra layer of security. "Well your extra layer of security just blew any hopes I might have had of analyzing that creature." Terra said. "Didn't you hear what it said? It wants answers and I'm the one who might've been able to provide them. The only one." "You may be right." Naberius said, but he was looking at Zuriel. He turned back to Terra. "You look tired, doctor. It's late. You really ought to get some rest." Terra started to argue with that. "We lost both the creature and the journal, doctor. What more can you do tonight?" She continued to argue with him. "I will notify you should we recover the one or the other. Go home doctor." Back in the train, Adam continued to read the journal. "I am not recording the visions of a madman. My methods and reasons are scientifically sound." Adam's voice faded to Victor's as he flipped through the book. "I succeeded in discovering the core in the generation of life. A graveyard to furnish the few raw materials I require..." Adam came upon the picture of himself. He quickly slammed the book shut. Terra walked out of the building. But inside the building, Zuriel and Naberius watched her from a window high above. Naberius asked Zuriel how certain it will come for her. "It needs someone to make sense of the journal. Only she can do that." Adam watched Terra from his position on a building. He kept tailing her, even when she got on a train. She noticed someone following her, so she ran and hid behind an object. She was unaware that Adam was behind her. And as she turned around, he put his hand over her mouth. He told her he won't hurt her and released her. And as he started to walk away, he told her to come with him, which she did. "Why are you following me?" She asked him. "How close are you to reanimating a human corpse?" He asked her instead of answering. She said that she couldn't tell him that. He handed her the journal. "Would this help?" She tried to grab it, only for him to yank it back. She said that she hadn't had the chance to finish the book. "What if you examine me?" She replied, 'Back at the institute?'. "Not there. Somewhere away from it." She argued that all of her equipment is there. "You know who it is your working for?" She answered, 'Mr. Wessex?' "That's not who you think he is. There's a war. A war humans don't know about. It's been going on for centuries. It could mean the end of all mankind." "A war between who?" "Gargoyles and demons. I think your boss is a demon prince called Naberius." Adam explained, only for her to say, 'A demon prince?' "Been hunting me. For over two hundred years. Now I think I know why. We have to get off the streets." As he kicked open a door, Zuriel, who was looking for them, heard the noise. Terra hesitated, but followed Adam into the building. "Naberius is storing human corpses at the Wessex institute." "Corpses? No, we're still years away for human trials." She told him, only for him to say he saw the bodies. He mentions that there's enough to animate an entire army of monsters like him. Zuriel entered the building behind them. "What did you say your name is? Adam?" Terra said. "That's the name the Gargoyle Queen gave to me." "Look... I understand you probably suffered severe brain damage during the reanimation process given the level of..." "This is real!" Adam interrupted. "All of it." Instead of believing him, she simply told him she didn't believe in Gargoyles. "Frankenstein!" Zuriel yelled as he appeared. As Adam got his weapons ready, Zuriel's skin burned away and revealed his demonic form. "Oh, shit!" Terra said as she saw it. Adam told her to run. Both Adam and Zuriel charged for each other. Adam and Zuriel both have the same type of weapons. "This ends tonight." Adam said, then charged forward. During the intense fight, Adam was kicked off a scaffold. Zuriel dove down after him, then held his weapon to Adam's throat. Adam told him that he saw the bodies, and that they will never be able to control them. But Zuriel tells him that control has never been the problem, and that there are millions of demon spirits trapped and waiting for a chance to possess a human. Nearby, Terra made her way closer to them. And when Adam asked what everything had to do with him, Zuriel's reply was simple. "You have no soul. And a demon spirit can only possess a body that has no soul." Zuriel picked up the journal from Adam's pocket. "You know what the best thing about having the journal is. I no longer need to bring you in alive." Before he could strike a killing blow, Terra yells that she needs it alive. As Terra kept on talking, Zuriel didn't see the hidden knife that Adam pulled from his sleeve. Zuriel leaned down to Adam's level as he contemplated keeping him alive. But as he grabbed Adam, a knife slammed into his stomach. Both Adam and Terra watched as Zuriel started to burn away, but he was still holding the journal. Adam told Terra to grab it before it was destroyed. She managed to grab it just as Zuriel descended Terra lead Adam back to his hideout. She went through the cabinet for something she could use, but as she closed the door, she saw Adam through the mirror. Not because he was shirtless, but because of the scars that littered it. She told him to sit down. At first, he refused. When he finally sat down, it was with a pained grunt. On his back was a bleeding stab wound, that she started to sew up. He flinched at the pain. As she continued to sew his wound, he told her they couldn't stay there long. He told her that they need to get to Leonore, but she still doesn't believe him. He tells her that Naberius will kill most of the humans, and enslave the rest. But when she says what will he do, Adam replies that it has nothing to do with him. "Well, of course it does. You're as much a part of this world as anybody." He tells her that he's different. "You're not that different." "I'm a dozen used parts from eight different corpses. I'm a monster." "You're only a monster if you behave like one." She told him. Once she was done sewing him, he tells her that he never had to thank a human for anything before. "We have our uses, I suppose." Adam laid down on the bed and drifted off. Terra turned to him, only to see him asleep. She grabbed the journal from her bag and flipped it open. Back where Zuriel died, Naberius and his demons search for the journal. When Adam woke up, he saw Terra reading through the journal. When she asked how he was feeling, he replied with, "I've been through worst." "What happened to Victor Frankenstein? They say he vanished after his..." Adam looked from the sink, and stared in the mirror. "...wife died." "I killed his wife." Adam said as he put on his shirt. "He hunted me. I would've killed him too. But he froze to death. I hated him." "Have you... killed anyone since?" Terra asked. "Only demons." After a moment, Terra told him that she finished the book, and that Victor refined the process after Adam. As she handed the journal back to Adam, she told him she thinks she could reproduce it. And even improve on it. "Frankenstein promised to make you a companion, didn't he?" Terra asked. "A promise he broke." Adam replied. "Is that why you came to me? You want me to fulfill Victor Frankenstein's promise." Once she finished, her cell phone rang. It was Carl. She told him to leave Wessex. With Carl, as he was about to meet Terra, he ran into Dekar. Adam told her she shouldn't have done that. He offered to go with her to the train station, to protect her, but she turned him down. But before she walked out, he gave her his dagger that had the blessed symbol on it. Once Terra reached the station, she found out it was a trap. Dekar appeared behind her. She quickly swung the dagger, only for Dekar to grab her wrist, which he snapped causing her to drop the knife. Adam entered the cathedral. But Barachel and Levi restrained him as they lead him to Leonore, who told them to release him. Adam wanted to know why Leonore lied to him, only for her to say she had a higher duty to protect the human race. "Do you understand what this journal is to me. It's the chronicle of how I came to be. Who I am. What I am." "You are a unique lonely being rejected by both your maker and the rest of humanity. And as a result, you were filled with rage. You do not need a book to tell you that." He tells her that Naberius has found a way to summon every demon they ever descended. When she asked 'what', he simply said possession. Bodies that have no souls. "Only the dead have no souls. What is the use of possessing a corpse?" Gideon said. "There is none. Unless you can animate that corpse." Adam answered. Naberius has been planning this for centuries. "Victor Frankenstein just made it possible." When Leonore asked how he knew about all of that, he replied, "I've seen the bodies. There are tens of thousands of them." He tells them he has someone he has to protect. A human. "What will you have us do?" Leonore asked. "Get us out of here." Was his demand. "Then I will tell you where to find him." "Retrieve your scientist. Come back here, then we shall take you where you wish to go." Leonore said. "I've made too many mistakes with you, Adam. I will not make another." With that said, Adam walked out. "Follow him, Gideon. As soon as you have the journal in sight, destroy him." Adam walked through an alley. A loud noise put him on alert. Upon entering a building, he grabbed an axe from a fire case. He walked down a hallway. The floor creaked, the walls were rotted, paper and trash were scattered about. And every little noise caused him to go on alert. He slowly entered his hideout, while calling out for Terra. Instead of Terra, he found the journal on the floor near the bed. His eyes caught a glimpse of something in the mirror. But as he turned around, Gideon slammed into him and knocked him through the wall. Gideon slammed into him again, and this time, he flew through a door, and came to a roll to the hole that Gideon first made. He used his axe to keep himself from falling all the way to the ground. Gideon stood over Adam. His foot went under the axe. And with a smirk, his foot raised which caused the axe to fly back and Adam to fall. But luckily he grabbed onto the floor before he could fall. He managed to climb back up, but there wasn't a sign of Gideon. But behind him, Gideon flew back towards the building and slammed into Adam before he could react. Gideon, grabbing Adam by the neck, slammed through wall after wall, which caused the roof to collapse behind them. And finally, they were outside. Only Gideon had released Adam, which caused him to fall. While falling, Gideon swung his battle axe, only for Adam to grab it. Adam struck a car, followed by Gideon on top of him. But it turned out that Adam used Gideon's own weapon against him. "Remember, I have no soul." "God will surely damn you." A blue light surrounded Gideon. "He already did." Adam responded as Gideon ascended. Seeing the blue light. Two Gargoyles hurried to the location. A while later, Levi handed Gideon's cloth to Leonore. Back on the street, Adam picked up the knife that he gave to Terra. Inside Wessex, Terra escaped Dekar's grip, and confronted Naberius. "I know who you are. And I know what you want me to do. And I won't do it. I'd rather die." Naberius quickly grabbed Carl by his throat, and squeezed. Terra rushed to Carl as he crumpled to the floor. "You want him back? Show me how." Carl was now hooked to a machine, with a tearful Terra doing the procedure. The machine fired up, but Carl wasn't the only thing the machine was reanimating. All the other human corpses that Naberius had, the machine also turned on. Meanwhile, Adam threw the journal into a fire. He watched as the picture of himself went up in flames. He begin to walk towards the cathedral. One of the Gargoyles saw him. Adam raised his hands in the air, but as the Gargoyle went in for the attack, Adam walked away. Barachel entered Leonore's room. "My queen. We found the creature." High above, the Gargoyles tailed Adam. He glanced up to make sure he was followed. Once out of the alley, he stood in the middle of the road. The rooftops were lined with Gargoyles. He met Leonore's eyes, which flicked to the side as a Gargoyle headed for Adam. Seeing it, Adam charged. With a flying leap, he punched the Gargoyle, which crashed into a parked car. At Leonore's command, more flew at him. As they chased him, Adam ran. His destination: The Wessex Institute. He grabbed onto a Gargoyle that tried to slice him. They crashed through the gate, then flew into the air. Inside the building, Dekar says, "Sir. It's here." "Him. Not it." Terra corrected. Outside, Adam was now surrounded by demons while the Gargoyles circle above. Leonore watched from above as Adam began to take down demon after demon. "This is the place." She whispered. "He led us here." "Leave him to me." Dekar said as he shoved past the demons. With a roar, Dekar was about to charge. only for a Gargoyle to grab him by the head and pull him into the air, followed by stabbing him with a weapon, effectively descending him. More Gargoyles join the fray. Adam, seeing his chance, heads into the building. Behind him was pure carnage. Lenore saw Molokai run from the building, and noticed a back way into said building. Adam entered the lab. "Frankenstein." Naberius greeted. "How good of you to come back." "I've come to destroy you. And this place. The Gargoyle order must survive. And mankind with it." "You cannot... destroy me." Naberius said. "And I have many other places such as this... all over the world. As for the order, and mankind, nothing can stop their demise. Let alone a monster like you." Naberius revealed his true demonic form. Adam charged, and managed to slice Naberius several times. Terra tried to shut down the program, only for it to say access denied. Naberius grabbed her by the back of her neck. "Too late, Dr. Wade. We already have everything we need from you." He threw her towards the machine, which was shooting electricity. Adam caught her, but his back managed to hit the machine sending volts upon volts of electricity into his body. He dropped Terra onto the floor. After agonizing seconds, Adam fell to the floor. "I am a demon prince! You will knell before me!" Naberius yelled. Meanwhile, Leonore, Levi and Barachel managed to find Molokai's lab. And on the computer, the reanimation process was 40% complete. Naberius grabbed Adam by the air and pulled him to his feet. He grabbed him by the throat. "I know what you want, Adam. What you always wanted. I will make hundreds like you. Thousands. I have been gathering human corpses for centuries." Leonore and her group walked through the large collection of corpses. "Each one a host for the legions of demon spirits I will now summon from Hell." On one of the corpses, it read 92%. "You will be the first," Using Adam's blood, Naberius drew a symbol on Adam's forehead. "You will be one of us. And you will no longer be... alone." He lifted Adam up by his throat, and began to speak in a demonic dialect. Leonore watched in horror as demon spirits started to flow into the human corpses. Many of the corpses began to scream. "Your Majesty! The moment they awake they could be possessed!" Barachel told her. "Destroy them." She commanded. "Destroy them all!" Terra came too, only to see Adam being held in the air by Naberius. Barachel and Levi continued to destroy the corpses. But then Leonore saw something. A demon spirit that flew upwards. Past the human corpses. The demon spirit wrapped around Adam's leg, then the rest of his body. Adam screamed as he was lifted into the air by the spirit. The flames flew into his eyes. Back down below, as the Gargoyles kept trying to destroy the corpses, a green light appeared on a corpse, followed by 100%. The human stopped screaming and was replaced by a demon. It was quickly destroyed by Leonore. Terra watched as Adam was being possessed. On a monitor next to her, it read 'Initiated Body Release'. Down below, the machine was starting to release the corpses. Adam dropped to the ground. "Welcome, my son." Naberius said. "You have possessed a truly remarkable body." Adam looked up with a smirk. "I am not your son," He wiped off the blood on his forehead. "And this body... is mine." "No... it's not possible." Adam looked at the cuts he made on Naberius' chest. He picked up a sharp object. "You have a soul..." Adam took the object and sliced upwards. Connecting that to the three horizontal cuts, he made a blessed Gargoyle mark on Naberius' chest. Adam dove to the side as Naberius exploded in flames. The flames shot out of the entire Wessex building. Even the Gargoyles were forced to dodge it. The flames then curved upwards, before shooting downwards at a high speed. Adam grabbed Terra just as the flames started to dig into the building, but they were caught in the middle. The floor crumbled, and Terra fell. But she was caught by Adam who grabbed her hand. Back down below, Leonore, Levi and Barachel saw the entire ceiling coming down towards them. As the flaming fireball that was Naberius' spirit came down, Leonore charged straight at it. Outside, the Gargoyles watched as the entire building sunk into the Earth. One of them started to fly towards the hole in the ground. He flew over the hole. The fireball continued to travel back towards Hell. Then he noticed something else. Leonore. She was covered in a blue glow, and was carrying both Adam and Terra. Once outside, the Gargoyles headed back towards the cathedral. Inside, Adam gently sat Terra down. He turned to Leonore. "Gideon". He started, but she only replied with, 'I know.' "Then... why did you save me?" "Because you finally found your higher purpose." "Where's the journal?" Terra asked him, in which he said he doesn't need it anymore. Adam offered her his hand, which she took. "We do not ask for the lives we are given." Adam narrated. "But each of use has the right to defend that life. I have fought to defend mine." Adam stood on a rooftop as he narrated. "And when the forces of darkness return, you shall know that I am out there. Fighting to defend yours. I, descender of the demon horde. I, my father's son. I, Frankenstein."
tt0077713
Horror,Thriller
Jennifer Hills (Camille Keaton) is a short story writer who drives out of her home in New York City to an isolated cottage by a lake in the countryside of upstate New York to write her first novel. The arrival in town of the attractive and independent young woman attracts the attention of Johnny (Eron Tabor), the local gas station owner, and his two friends Stanley (Anthony Nichols) and Andy (Gunter Kleemann), two unemployed youths who hang around the gas station. Jennifer receives a grocery delivery from Matthew (Richard Pace), the local simpleton who is shy and apparently mentally retarded, and befriends him. Matthew is friends with the other three men and reports back to them about the beautiful woman he met, claiming he saw her breasts. The next day, Stanley and Andy start cruising by the cottage in their speedboat and surreptitiously prowl around the house at night while keeping themselves hidden from view. One day, while Jennifer is relaxing in her canoe, they surprise her in their speedboat and tow her to shore. As she tries to escape, she's met by Johnny, while Matthew hides in bushes nearby. She realizes they planned her abduction so Matthew can lose his virginity. Jennifer puts up a fight by punching Johnny, but is chased by the men through the forest. Matthew refuses to have sex with her so Johnny rips off Jennifer's bikini and rapes her. They allow her to escape but track her down shortly afterward and Andy brutally rapes her anally. Matthew again refuses to participate. The four guys flee from the scene of the crime in their speedboat. A little later, after Jennifer crawls back to her house they attack her again. Matthew finally rapes her after drinking alcohol, but says that he can not reach orgasm with the other men watching. The other men ridicule her book and rip up the manuscript, and Stanley sexually assaults Jennifer and rapes her too. When Jennifer scratches at Stanley's face, she is savagely beaten. She passes out on the floor covered in mud from the woods as well as her own blood. With that, the men leave the house. Johnny realizes she is a witness to their crimes and orders Matthew to go back and stab her to death. Matthew cannot bring himself to do it, so he dabs the knife in her blood and returns to the other men claiming he has killed her. The four then take off in their speedboat. Over the next two weeks, a traumatized Jennifer pieces both herself and her manuscript back together. She silently sits around her house, chain-smoking, and avoids looking into mirrors to avoid seeing her maimed face now sporting some permanent scars and ugly bruises from her beating. She goes to a church and asks for forgiveness, vowing to kill all four of the men who violated her. One day, the men learn Jennifer has survived and they beat Matthew up for lying to them about killing her. Jennifer then begins spying on her assailants first by following Matthew home from the local grocery store to his parents house, and the next day she follows Johnny home from the garage to his house where he has a wife and two young children. One day, Jennifer calls in a grocery order knowing Matthew will deliver it. Hearing that it's from Jennifer's address, he takes the groceries, and a knife he steals from the grocery store butcher unsure of what Jennifer plans to do with him. At the cabin, Matthew arrives where Jennifer entices him to have sex with her under a tree. As he becomes oblivious to his surroundings, she strings a noose around his neck and hangs him. Matthews struggles, but is slowly strangled to death as Jennifer watches with a wicked-looking facial expression. Jennifer cuts the rope and drops the dead body in the river. She then pushes his bicycle into the river and the groceries he brought as well. Jennifer then phones the grocery store to report that Matthew never arrived with her order. The next day, Jennifer drives over to the gas station and seductively collects Johnny from the place and entices him to join her in her car. She stops on the road halfway to her house where she gets out of the car, and points a gun at him, ordering that he remove all his clothing. The clearly misogynist Johnny insists the rapes were her fault because she enticed the men by parading around in revealing clothing. She feigns belief in Johnny's ludicrous rant, lowers her gun, and invites him back to her cottage for a hot bath. While taking a bath together, Jennifer manually stimulates him in her bathtub. When Johnny says that Matthew has been reported missing, Jennifer says she killed Matthew. Johnny thinks she is joking. As he nears orgasm, Jennifer takes the butcher knife Matthew brought with him from its hiding place under the bathmat and severs Johnny's genitals. He screams in terror while bleeding to death. Jennifer calmly drops the knife in the bathroom sink, leaves the room and locks Johnny in from the outside. He dies from blood loss. Jennifer dumps Johnny's dead body in the basement and burns his clothes in the fireplace. The following day, Stanley and Andy learn that Johnny is missing from his wife. They take their speedboat to Jennifer's cabin aware that she might have killed him and Matthew. Andy goes ashore with an axe looking for Jennifer, while she swims out to the boat and climbs aboard before Stanley realizes what she is doing. She pushes him overboard and Stanley has trouble staying afloat for he is not a good swimmer. Andy tries to attack her when she speeds past him in the boat, but she escapes with the axe. Andy swims out to rescue Stanley but Jennifer plunges the axe into Andy's back, killing him. She backs the boat up to Stanley who grabs hold of the motor to climb aboard, begging Jennifer not to kill him. Looking down on her former assailant with very cold eyes, Jennifer instead smirks at Stanley and quotes what he said while assaulting her: "Suck it, bitch!" and starts the engine, disemboweling him underwater. As Andy and Stanley's dead bodies sink beneath the surface of the water, the murderous Jennifer smiles slightly as she speeds away in the boat.
tt0090142
Comedy,Fantasy
Scott Howard (Michael. J. Fox) is completely unpopular in his high school.He plays for The Beavers' basketball team but he's no good at it, and the girl of his dreams Pamela Wells (Lori Griffin) barely even notices him.But his life takes a turn one night when he transforms into a werewolf,and discovers that his dad (James Hampton) is one as well.Apparently it's a life long curse that can't be broken.His dad tells him not to worry,it doesn't mean killing people or dodging silver bullets.It just means that they have super human abilities.But Scott's convinced that the hairy monster is going to make his life at school even worse.However it seems to have the opposite affect,after unexpectedly changing during a basketball match in front of people's eyes,including his loyal friend "Boof" (Susan Ursitti) he goes onto win the game with his new athletic skills,and gets his team through to the finals. He becomes the most popular student and Pamela finds herself attracted to him,and sleeps with him.But his dad is not happy,and feels as if his son is letting his powers go to his head.At the school dance Scott fully realises himself that they have when he lets his anger get the better of him and attacks Pamela's boyfriend Mick.Scott decides that he doesn't want to be the wolf anymore.At the basketball final,he decides to play the game as himself and with team effort,the beavers go onto win the game.Pamela goes to embrace him,but he rushes past her and passionately kisses Boof instead.
tt0078504
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
A re-imaging of The Wizard of Oz, set against an urban background with an African American cast. Dorothy is a 24-year-old kindergarten teacher from Harlem, who along with her dog Toto are lost in a snowstorm on the night of Thanksgiving and end up in the Land of Oz, which looks like a strangly surreal verison of New York City. Dorothy learns the only way she can get home is to ease on down the road to see the Wiz. Along the way she meets a scarecrow made of garbage who wants a brain; a Tin Man, who is a turn-of-the-century mechanical carnie from Coney Island who wants a heart; and a lion who was banished from the jungle and must make his living as a statue in front of the main research branch of the New York Public Library.
tt0091541
Comedy
After receiving wedding pictures from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, entertainment attorney Walter Fielding (Tom Hanks) complains to his girl friend, concert musician Anna Crowley (Shelley Long), about his newly married scofflaw father, Walter, Sr. (Douglass Watson). His father might be starting a new life, but he stole the firm's money and ran away to Brazil, and left him and the law firm in debt. The next morning, Walter comments that his father's much younger Filipino new wife, Florinda (Tetchie Agbayani), looks underage. When Anna tells him not to be so conventional, he admits he wants a house in the suburbs, and a wife. When he asks Anna to marry him, she asks for more time to make her decision. Her first marriage to Russian music conductor, Max Beissart (Alexander Godunov), was a disaster, and she is not in a rush to marry again. Suddenly, her former husband's associate, Shatov (Yakov Smirnoff), barges into the bedroom and informs Anna that "Maestro" is returning home, and reclaiming his luxury apartment. Walter and Anna are both broke, and cannot afford to relocate elsewhere in New York City. They decide to contact their friend, real estate broker Jack Schnittman (Josh Mostel), for help. Meanwhile, Max conducts his first rehearsal back in town, and criticizes the orchestra for their mediocre performance. While jogging, Jack Schnittman proposes that Walter gather $200,000 in cash by the end of business Friday because the owners of a $1 million property are willing to sell for less. Walter is suspicious, but feels pressured, and agrees to consider the deal. At dinner, Max tells Anna his life is meaningless without her, and he wants to get back together. Anna insists she loves Walter, and Max only loves himself. Anna goes with Walter to inspect the house Jack recommended. The owner, Estelle (Maureen Stapleton), shows them the property, and explains that Israeli Intelligence arrested her longtime husband, Carlos, for being Hitler's "pool man." If Estelle can sell the property and the furnishings, she might raise enough money to pay the lawyers. Walter and Anna want time to make a decision, but Estelle claims that Carlos is facing extradition, and she must sell immediately. She offers to include an antique Lincoln car in the deal. Walter cannot resist a bargain and convinces Anna to buy the house. She sells valuables from her divorce to raise her share of the money. Walter persuades his client, a successful boy singer named Benny (Billy Lombardo), to loan him the $200,000 in cash to pay for the new house. As soon as Walter and Anna move in, their house falls apart. When the front door is stuck shut, Walter receives an electrical shock as he rings the doorbell. Upstairs, Anna tries out the four-poster bed they acquired with the house, and becomes trapped when the mattress collapses around her. When Walter knocks to get Anna's attention, the front door falls down. He turns his attention to repairing the staircase, but his hammering loosens the ceiling plaster upstairs. In the bathroom, Anna is revolted when she turns on the bathtub faucet, and gooey, rusty water spurts out. Walter assures her that all houses need maintenance, and encourages her to be more positive. As Anna hangs her clothes in the bedroom closet, the rod and shelving collapse. Outside, Walter repairs the front door. He tests it three times and goes inside, but within seconds, the door frame separates from the structure, falling to the ground. Upstairs, when Anna pulls the dumbwaiter ropes, a raccoon emerges and attacks. Walter hears Anna's screams, but as he races up the staircase, it collapses around him. Walter is convinced the house is "a lemon," and that Estelle swindled them into buying that faulty house, but Anna will not let him quit. However, a rainstorm reveals that there are several leaks in the roof. The next morning, a carpenter named Art Shirk (Joe Mantegna) arrives to do an estimate on a new staircase, and declares that the front door has dry rot. Art's plumber brother, Brad (Carmine Caridi), arrives, and insists on a $5,000 upfront check without even inspecting the house. He claims to have seen the house several years earlier, and does not expect the plumbing problems have been resolved. Later, electrical fires occur when too many appliances are used. The blender and the popcorn popper explode, and the stove doors burst open. The turkey is propelled out one window and bursts through a second floor bathroom window. As Anna and Walter pour buckets of lukewarm water in the bathtub, the rotting floor gives way, and it crashes onto the floor below. The next day, Brad Shirk's foreman, Curly (Philip Bosco), arrives with a crew that looks like a gang of Hell's Angels. Curly encourages Walter and Anna to leave while they work on the house. Walter returns to find piles of debris everywhere after the group had trashed the house even more. Since Walter was not available to sign building permits, Curly and his crew went as far as they could. He promises to return when Walter has his permits approved. The "permit man," Mr. Shrapp, agrees to return if Walter pays a cash bribe. Soon, Walter falls into a hole in the floor concealed by a throw rug. Mr. Shrapp arrives, and believes he hears Walter laughing instead of answering the door. Angered by Walter's rudeness, Mr. Shrapp rips up the permits and leaves. Anna calls Walter to be picked up at the train station, but he cannot answer the phone. She hitches a ride with a truck driver, and finds Walter stuck in the floor. When she attempts to rescue him, he plummets to the floor below. That evening, when Walter puts another log in the fireplace, the chimney comes crashing down, and snuffs out the fire. Four months later, the house is still under repair as a more competent work crew fixes all the damages and patches up the holes in the floor, walls, and ceiling. Walter complains that Curly estimated the job would be done in two weeks. However, things are looking up. A new staircase and running water in the kitchen are the latest improvements, but accidents continue to occur. At an orchestra rehearsal, Max persuades Anna to have dinner at his apartment. Although she claims she will not sleep with him, they drink too much, and in the morning, Max tells her they made love, and she is consumed with guilt. Later, Anna tells Walter that Max took orchestra members to dinner after a brilliant rehearsal. When Walter wants to know if she spent the night with Max, Anna insists he will have to trust her. They argue as Anna lies about her indiscretion. When she finally confesses, Walter spends the night downstairs. In the morning, the fight continues. Walter want to kick her out of the house and refund her money. The workers listen in as she claims the house belongs to her just as much as it belongs to him. Finally, they agree to stay together until the repairs are done, sell the house, divide the money, and split. Anna retreats to the bedroom and sobs. Later, Max makes a surprise visit, and learns that Anna and Walter have decided to break up. He suggests that Anna should rekindle their relationship, but that is not part of her plan. Max confesses they did not sleep together, but lied to sabotage her relationship with Walter. When he sees how much she actually cares for Walter, Max decides to play matchmaker. He warns that it would be a mistake for Walter to throw away his relationship with Anna. Another few days later, when the house is finally renovated and restored, Walter and Anna are confused about where to take their relationship. Walter confesses he will get over Anna's one-night stand with Max. Anna tears up as she reveals she never slept with Max. They fall into each other's arms and kiss. Anna and Walter throw a wedding in their new home and Max conducts a full orchestra as part of the entertainment. Despite the repairs to restore their new house cost more than the $200,000 in cash that they used to purchase it, Walter and Anna are finally happy and that their "money pit" of a house is finally livable and everything is great. In Rio de Janeiro, the crafty con artist Estelle and her partner-in-crime Carlos (John van Dreelen) resurface where they offer to sell a house to Walter, Sr. insisting it must be a cash deal... and the vicious cycle is about to start all over again.
tt0089908
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
It has been some time since Dorothy (Fairuza Balk) returned home to Kansas from her first trip to Oz , but she is constantly thinking of the place to the point that it is keeping her up at night. One day while out in her yard she discovers a key which has the OZ emblem on it. Thinking it was there as a message from Oz she shows it to Aunt Em (Piper Laurie) who tells her it is actually the key to their old house before the tornado blew it away. Aunt Em has had enough and takes her to see a psychiatrist called doctor Worley (Nicol Williamson) who specializes in electro-shock therapy. Toto tries to tag along but is told to go home. While at the clinic waiting for the procedure to be done, a severe storm brews outside. Dorothy then meets a mysterious patient who helps her escape when the storm knocks out the center's electricity. Dorothy manages to escape but the head nurse (Jean Marsh) chases after them. Dorothy loses the nurse, as well as her new friend, and boards a crate floating down a flooding river. From there Dorothy floats away. Dorothy later awakens in the crate to find herself back in Oz and sitting in the Deadly Desert, which has the ability to turn anyone to sand upon touch. Dorothy also discovers that she is being accompanied by her favorite chicken from her farm, Billina (Denise Bryer's voice), who now has the ability to talk. They then set out to the Emerald City to see her old friends, which includes the recently crowned King of Oz, the Scarecrow. They carefully exit the crate and cross the desert while walking on stones, and makes their way inland. The rocks have faces, but they don't say anything to her. After eating a lunch from one the country's famous lunchpale trees, they come upon Munckinland and the remains of her old house that she rode to Oz the first time via the tornado. She looks into her old house to see everything as it was when it landed, and the remains of the Wicked Witch of the East, whom she of course killed by her house landing on her during the first trip, now decomposed. However, she cannot find the munchkins or Glinda, and then she discovers a grisly site: the yellow brick road torn up in pieces. After frantically running the full length of the road, she finds the Emerald City now in ruins and all of the residents there turned to stone, including her old friends the Tin-Woodsman and the Cowardly Lion. The Scarecrow (Justin Case), who took over as King of Oz from The Wizard at the end of her first trip, is nowhere to be found. She then gets chased by a band of thugs known as the "wheelers," in reference the creatures having wheels for hands and feet. The wheelers chase Dorothy into a dead-end hallway and she appears trapped like rat until she discovers a key hole in the door. Using the key she discovered in her yard earlier, she unlocks the hidden door and shuts it behind her keeping her safe from the wheelers. While in the room she discovers a machine in the form of a soldier. She discovers from reading the instructions on his back that he is a guard and needs to be wound up to work. After doing so the machine, now known as Tik-Tock (Sean Barrett's voice), joins Dorothy as a guardian in the quest to find out what happened to Oz. After leaving the room the two walk out into the ruined city where the wheelers meet up with them. Tik Tock instructs Dorothy to run as he starts knocking out the wheelers as they attack. He grabs one of them and Dorothy questions him about the fate of Oz where he reveals that an evil king known as the Nome King conquered the Emerald City and all of Oz and took all of the city's emeralds back to his castle. When asked about the fate of the Scarecrow he tells her that only Princess Mombi (Jean Marsh) would know. Dorothy and Tick-Tock are then led to Mombi's quarters in a preserved part of the city. While there she discovers that Mombi has a collection of heads she uses that she got from various Emerald City residents when the Nome King conquered the city. She also learns from Mombi that the Nome King took the Scarecrow with him back to his mountain with the emeralds. Mombi then threatens to take Dorothy's head after she is grown up and locks her in the attic. While locked in the attic, Dorothy peers out of the locked window and is able to see the Nome King's mountain in the distance. She also sees a portrait of her old friends, including the King Scarecrow, which saddens her. She is then interrupted by a man with a pumpkin for a head who was locked in the attic earlier by Mombi when he was used by a Princess to scare her. Turns out the man, known as Jack Pumpkinhead (Brian Henson & Stewart Larange) was brought to life by a formula called the "Powder of Life," which Mombi now possesses. Dorothy then comes up with an idea to escape Mombi using the powder to create a flying animal out of chairs, a plant, and the mounted head of a gump (Lyle Conway & Stephen Norrington) found in the attic, but she first has to get the powder of life which is locked in with Mombi's original head. Jack helps her unlock the attic door by using his large height and long arms to reach over the door and unlock it from the outside. Dorothy heads downstairs and first notices a girl's image in the mirror who looks a lot like the girl from the clinic whom she had met before the storm carried her to Oz. The image vanishes and she sneaks down into Mombi's head chamber and manages to grab the powder, but not before she accidentally knocks down another object sitting by Mombi's head which awakens her. Mombi's body, which is sleeping in a nearby bed, awakens and comes for her head while Dorothy runs back up to the room where Jack is building the Gump. Dorothy then pours the powder on the gump, who doesn't awaken right away, and she discovers there are magic words on the bottle which must be said to work. Mombi tears into the room just as the powder works its magic on the gump. The pair, including Billina, hops onto the gump's back and manages to escape. While the clan is escaping, Mombi summons the wheelers to go after them. While the clan flies away into the night, the wheelers chase them on foot, but not before coming upon the Deadly Desert, which several of them fall in and die, leaving the others to retreat back to Mombi. Mombi is furious at their inability to catch the clan and orders them to take her directly to the Nome King. While flying away, Dorothy and Billina fall asleep while the others stand guard. Later Dorothy awakens to find the gump coming apart due to not originally being tied tight enough. They all fall out, landing on a snow covered mountain. The Nome King (Nicol Williamson) is then alerted of their arrival and he goes to the side of the mountain to confront them. The Nome King laughs at Dorothy's demand to free the Scarecrow and restore Oz and opens up the mountain causing her to fall in. While falling to the king's lair she is told that the emeralds from the Emerald City originally belonged to him and the Scarecrow was the thief who took them. She lands on the Scarecrow who is then zapped away. The Nome King tells her that he had turned him into an ornament for his collection. Dorothy then walks up to where the king sits and starts crying and tells him of the fact that the emeralds were there before the Scarecrow and her came to the city. The Nome King comforts her and then brings in her friends from the mountain. He then tells them that they will play a game to find the scarecrow which they will be allowed to leave with him if they guess the right ornament. The Gump is the first one allowed in to guess as the others are offered refreshment. While sitting down to refreshment the remaining pair get knocked down by a sudden flash. They then learn that the gump was just turned into an ornament since he failed to guess correctly on three tries. They also learn that their fate will be the same for not guessing correctly. Jack, with Billina hiding inside his head, is the next to go in. He guesses incorrectly and they join the Scarecrow and gump in the king's ornament collection. After Tick-Tock goes in for his try, the Nome King reveals to Dorothy that he now owns her Ruby Slippers, which he got when they fell out of the sky after she left Oz the first time. He then tells her how he used them to conquer Oz and without them he was powerless. In the meantime Tick-Tock devises a scheme to get Dorothy into the chamber while he guesses, to see what kind of object they are turning into when guessing incorrectly. He stands in the middle of the room and acts like his action ability has gone down to get the king's attention, who then sends Dorothy in to wind him up unaware of the scheme. Dorothy learns upon finding Tick-Tock that it was all a scheme to get her in there and watches as he makes his final guess. The guess turns out to be incorrect and Tick-Tock is transformed with Dorothy being unable to tell what he is turned into. Now it is Dorothy's turn, and she is now the last hope of her friends being freed and restoring the Land of Oz from the Nome King's enchantment. Meanwhile Mombi has made her way into the king's mountain(how she and the wheelers got safely across the Deadly Desert on foot I do not know). She then learns of the scheme the king had devised to finally get rid of Dorothy and her friends. Mombi not satisfied warns the king of what would happen if Dorothy guesses correctly and then learns about Ozma, whom she had imprisoned into a mirror back in the city. The king makes sure that she had not been allowed to escape as well. Back in the ornament room, Dorothy is down to her last two guesses. She guesses incorrectly on the second one but decides to play eeny miney moe on the last guess which would seal her fate. She comes across a green ornament and guesses on it revealing the Scarecrow. She then realizes that the green ornaments were the ones containing her friends. As Dorothy and the Scarecrow sets out to find the remaining three, the king becomes furious with Mombi for allowing Dorothy to escape her and come upon his secrets. He imprisons Mombi and starts to shake the building scaring Dorothy and her friends. After Dorothy finds another green ornament and guesses Jack Pumpkinhead back to life, with Billina still hiding inside his head, the King begins his fury with sending his nomes after them. They chase Dorothy into a seperate room where the Nome King enters in the form of a giant gruesome head with fire all around him. At that moment Dorothy guesses one more green ornament which reveals the gump. The king then demands them to stop and then picks up Pumpkinhead to eat unaware of Billina inside. As the king begins to put Jack into his mouth he then hears Billina laying an egg, which is poisonous to nomes. The egg falls out of Jack's head and into the king's mouth. He then lays Jack and Billina down as he begins to crumble. After the king and his nomes are completely crumbled away, her Ruby Slippers shines through the rubble. Dorothy then runs over to grab them and put them on as the whole mountain begins to crumble away. Dorothy wishes her and her friends back to Oz and the whole land to be restored, and it is granted. Dorothy and her friends then find themselves back in Oz with the Emerald City and it's people being restored in the distance. The caged Mombi also appears with them. Dorothy then discovers they didn't find Tick-Tock but Scarecrow sees a green ornament on gump's antlers. Dorothy guesses correctly and Tick-Tock is restored. The next scene shows the whole gang in a parade celebrating Dorothy's triumph and the restoration of Oz. Along with the new friends she had made, the Scarecrow, Tin Woodsman and the Cowardly Lion has now rejoined Dorothy. A few munchkins walk in front of them with Glinda following behind. Also in the parade is the Patchwork Girl and Mombi, who is now a prisoner of Oz. At the end of the parade Dorothy joins the Scarecrow on his throne and the crowd encourages her to be the Queen of Oz, but she reveals that she has to go back home. The crowd is dissappointed at this announcement. Just then Dorothy sees the image of the girl in the mirror again. She walks up to the mirror and pulls her out. The girl is revealed to be Ozma, the real Queen of Oz before the Wizard came. She also reveals that Mombi had imprisoned her in the mirror when she tried to scare her out of the city. Dorothy then puts the ruby slippers on Ozma's feet and asks her to wish her back to Kansas. Ozma agrees on the condition that she will look in on Dorothy from time to time and if she ever wishes to come back to Oz it will be granted. Dorothy agrees and Ozma taps the slippers three times while Dorothy says goodbye to her friends. Billina tells Dorothy that she had decided to stay in Oz instead of going back with her. The next scene shows Dorothy awakening back in Kansas. She hears Toto in the distance and she calls after him. Uncle Henry (Matt Clark) and a search party comes running up behind him and swoops Dorothy up in his arms after frantically searching for her for days. Aunt Em hugs Dorothy as a police buggy drives by with the head nurse from the clinic inside. Aunt Em tells her that the clinic had been struck by lightning during the storm and burnt to the ground with everyone inside being rescued except for the doctor The final scene shows Dorothy in her newly finished bedroom with Toto. While in there Dorothy walks up to the mirror and calls for Oz and an image of Ozma, with Billina in her arms, appears. Dorothy calls for Aunt Em but Ozma puts a finger up to her mouth encouraging her not to. They continue smiling at each other and then Aunt Em appears in the doorway prompting them to dissappear and Dorothy to pull the mirror up. Aunt Em smiles at Dorothy and encourages her and Toto to go outside and play on that sunny day. The movie ends as they do just that.
tt0077766
Adventure,Drama,Horror
Two divers are photographing the wreck of the Orca, Quint's boat from the first film, and are suddenly attacked and killed by a large great white shark, but not before one of the divers' camera catches a closeup photo of the shark's eye. The shark later prowls the coastal waters of Amity Island, killing a female water skier. The female driver of the speedboat tries to defend herself by first throwing a gasoline tank at the shark (accidentally spilling some on herself) and then igniting the fuel with a flare gun. The fire ignites the gas tank and the speedboat explodes, killing the driver and leaving the shark heavily scarred on the right side of its head. In addition to these incidents, a dead killer whale is beached at a nearby lighthouse with large wounds all over its body, which Police Chief Martin Brody (Roy Scheider) suggests were caused by a great white shark. Once again, Mayor Vaughn (Murray Hamilton) doesn't share Brody's belief that the town has another shark problem and warns him not to do something hasty. Later, Brody spots a section of a ruined speedboat bobbing in the surf just off the beach. When he goes to retrieve it, he encounters the burnt remains of the female speedboat driver. Brody angrily grounds his son Mike (Mark Gruner) because of his reluctance to find a summer job, preferring to go sailing every day, and gives him a job at the beach. That night Brody fills the hollow points of several bullets with cyanide and coats them with wax in the hope that he can poison the shark. The following day, while Brody is in an observation tower, he sees a large shadow produced by a school of bluefish, which he mistakes for a shark. In his haste, Brody orders everyone out of the water and fires his gun into the water, causing a panic. Later that evening, he receives the photo of the shark's eye taken by one of the attacked divers. Brody shows it to Vaughn and his Townsmen, but they refuse to accept the evidence put in front of them. Len Peterson (Joseph Mascolo) (who has built a new resort in Amity to attract people) and the town council fire Brody for the beach incident, with Mayor Vaughn being the only one to vote against dismissal, and promote Deputy Hendricks (Jeffrey Kramer) to Brody's position. The next morning, Mike sneaks out and goes sailing with his friends, but has to take his young brother Sean (Mark Gilpin) along to stop him telling his parents about Mike's trip. Later, they go past a group of divers led by Tom Andrews (Barry Coe). Tom encounters the shark minutes after entering the water to catch lobsters and escapes, but suffers an embolism when he rushes to the surface too quickly. Tina (Ann Dusenberry) and Eddie (Gary Dubin) later encounter the shark when he attacks their sailboat, devouring Eddie and leaving Tina terrified and alone. Brody and his wife Ellen (Lorraine Gary) find the panicked diver being put into an ambulance, and Brody suspects that something must have scared him to make him come up so fast. Hendricks informs Brody that Mike has gone out sailing to the lighthouse with his friends. Brody insists on taking the police launch to rescue them, with Ellen and Hendricks both joining him. They find Tina's boat, with Tina hiding in the hull, who confirms Brody's suspicions about the shark in the area. Hendricks and Ellen take Tina ashore in a passing boat, while Brody continues to search for the teenagers using the police launch. All seems well with the other teenagers, until the shark appears, smashing into one of their sail boats, causing panic and their boats to collide with each other. Mike is knocked unconscious and is pulled out of the water just as the shark appears; two friends take him back to the shore for help. The rest of the teens remain floating on the wreckage of tangled boats, drifting out toward the open sea. A Harbor Patrol marine helicopter arrives and a line is rigged to tow the boats to shore, but before the pilot can tow them, the shark attacks the chopper causing it to crash into the water. Sean also falls into the water, but is quickly saved by Marge (Martha Swatek). As Marge tries to get back into upturned boat, her hands slip on the wet hull, and she falls back into the water. The shark approaches and devours Marge leaving Sean traumatized. Back at mainland, Tina is sent to the hospital, and Ellen berates Peterson for getting Brody fired and denying the shark's presence. Brody encounters Mike, who informs his father about the situation. Sean and his friends are drifting on the wreckage toward Cable Junction, a small rocky island housing an electrical relay station (with the open sea beyond it). Brody quickly finds the teenagers, but the shark attacks again and Brody runs his boat aground on the rocks. Brody tries to tie a rope line, but snags an underwater power cable instead. Most of the teenagers are tossed into the water during the shark's next attack, and they swim to safety on Cable Junction, but the shark injures Lucy. Using an inflatable rubber raft, Brody gets the shark's attention by pounding the power line with an oar, and gets the shark to bite the power cable. The plan succeeds, the shark is electrocuted and sinks to the bottom of the sea, dead. Brody collects Sean and Jackie and paddles over to Cable Junction, to await rescue with the other teenagers.
tt0099422
Action,Comedy,Crime
During the film's opening credits, radio news broadcasts and newspaper headlines proclaim various gangland atrocities. As the action begins, a young street urchin (Charlie Korsmo), who calls himself "Kid," is seen eating out of a garbage can and hiding from the cops. The Kid witnesses an illegal poker game between five thugs at the 7th Street Garage. Suddenly, a car bursts through the brick wall of the building and guns down all the card players. The massacre is executed by Flattop (William Forsythe), one of Alphonse Big Boy Caprice's gun-happy hoods. Flattop leaves a calling card: he shoots a message into the brick wall with his tommy gun that reads "Eat Lead Tracy." Big Boy (Al Pacino) is expanding his crime syndicate by taking over new territory and exterminating anyone who stands in his way. Dick Tracy (Warren Beatty) and his girlfriend, Tess Trueheart (Glenne Headly), are at an opera performance when his wrist radio alerts him of the killings. He excuses himself and quickly heads for the 7th Street Garage. When Tracy, in his yellow overcoat and matching hat, arrives at the crime scene, he surmises immediately that Big Boy is responsible. Tracy returns to the opera and Tess. After the performance, he answers questions from various news reporters. The camera shows a cartoon-influenced-view of the city and zooms in to the Club Ritz as a female singer, Breathless Mahoney (Madonna), croons "Sooner or Later (I Always Get My Man)." Inside the club, Breathless continues her performance, accompanied on the piano by 88 Keys (Mandy Patinkin). As the club's owner, Lips Manlis (Paul Sorvino), slurps down a plate of oysters, one of his hoods reports that several of his men were bumped off and the others are getting very nervous. When Breathless joins Lips at his table after her performance, he compliments her singing, but she seems oblivious. (She's obviously his woman, but isn't thrilled with the arrangement). Soon the police arrive to arrest Lips for operating a gambling establishment; they also arrest Breathless. However, it is soon revealed that these are not real cops; they are Caprice's men. As Tracy and Tess walk down the street, Tess tries to convince her detective boyfriend to settle down to a less dangerous job, maybe a desk job. Of course, Tracy isn't interested in playing it safe. As they enter a diner, they are almost knocked down by the Kid as he flees the scene of his theft of a watch. Tracy chases after the kid, but seemingly loses him. The Kid takes the watch to a shantytown where he presents it to his ruthless guardian. Just after the man hits the boy, Tracy intervenes. The scene changes to Big Boy's hideout where he demands that Lips sign over the Club Ritz to him. Once Lips reluctantly signs, Caprice orders his hoods to give Lips a cement bath (a gruesome death of being completely covered in cement and dumped into the bay). Caprice takes Lips's girlfriend, Miss Mahoney, as his own. After rescuing the Kid from his abusive guardian, Tracy takes him back to the diner where the boy enjoys a wonderful meal. With the help of Tess, Tracy temporarily adopts the Kid. During their meal, Tracy gets a message on his wrist radio to come to the Southside Warehouse. Once he arrives, Tracy finds remnants of walnuts, Big Boy's favorite nuts. At the Club Ritz, Big Boy choreographs Breathless and a chorus line of girls in a rehearsal of "More." During the rehearsal, the film flashes back and forth from the song rehearsal to Tracy questioning Mumbles (Dustin Hoffman), one of Caprice's hoods. After questioning Mumbles, Tracy and the police head for the club to arrest Big Boy for Lips's murder. After the cops take Big Boy away, Tracy stays behind. He follows Breathless into her dressing room and asks her to testify against Caprice. Breathless attempts to seduce Tracy and he comes close to giving in to her feminine charms. She says, "You don't know whether you want to hit me or kiss me. I get a lot of that." When Tracy rejects her advances, she refuses to testify against Big Boy. Since she is the only witness, there isn't enough evidence against Caprice, so he is released. When Tracy returns to his apartment early the next morning, Tess is asleep in the living room while the Kid is sleeping in Tracy's bed. Tess seems very uncomfortable to be in a man's apartment, so she hurries back to her greenhouse. She claims she is expecting a shipment of delphiniums. Tracy and Tess get the Kid new clothes, and feed him all day. When they return to Tess's apartment, there is an attempted hit on Tracy, but it is unsuccessful. Miss Mahoney shows up at Tracy's office. (Apparently Tracy had telephoned her.) She is weainng a sexy dress. She says, "Thanks for calling. I was wondering what a girl had to do to get arrested." , Tracy responds, "Wearing that dress is a step in the right direction." Breathless agrees to testify against Big Boy, but only if Tracy gives in to her sexual advances. Even though he is obviously attracted to her, Tracy resists. At the Club Ritz, Big Boy brings together several local crime bosses, including Spud Spaldoni (James Caan), Pruneface (R.G. Armstrong), Ribs Mocca (Robert Beecher), Mumbles, Itchy (Ed O'Ross), and Numbers (James Tolkan). Tracy has secretly followed Breathless there and informs Pat and Sam. Big Boy proposes forming an organization with him as the Chairman of the Board and them as the Board of Directors. Spaldoni refuses and leaves the meeting. When he gets into his car, it explodes. Itchy and Flattop grab Tracy and bring him to a boiler room, where Big Boy is waiting. The Kid has stowed away on the car's back bumper. Big Boy offers Tracy a bribe. When Tracy refuses to cooperate, Big Boy instructs his hoods to kill him but make it seem like an accident. They cause the boiler to overheat. Just before it explodes, the Kid climbs through a small window and cuts Tracy loose. The Police Chief (Charles Durning) presents the Kid with an Honorary Detective Certificate with a badge for action in the face of grave danger. However, it is only a temporary certificate because the Kid needs to choose a real name. During the ceremony, the Kid presents Tracy with a policeman's badge he had found in the trash; it belonged to D.A. Fletcher (Dick Van Dyke). In a graveyard, Big Boy tells the D.A. in no uncertain terms that he owns him. Later, the D.A. tells Tracy that he has fourteen witnesses that will testify that Big Boy was at dance lessons at the time of Lips Manlis's killing. Breathless shows up at Tracy's apartment. Dressed in another slinky outfit, she asks, "Aren't you going to frisk me?" She's worried that if she testifies Big Boy will kill her. Just as she plants a kiss on Tracy's lips, Tess and the Kid arrive from a trip to the grocery store. When Miss Mahoney leaves, Tess cries in the kitchen. A person with no face, The Blank, offers 88 Keys $5,000 to give a letter to Big Boy that guarantees him protection for ten percent of his business. 88 Keys unsuccessfully tries to convince Big Boy that he has nothing to lose and should accept the offer. While Breathless sings a reprise of "Sooner or Later (I Always Get My Man)," Tracy leads a seemingly unsuccessful raid on Club Ritz, but it is only a cover. During the raid, one of Tracy's men plants a listening device in a back room of the club so Bug Bailey (Michael J. Pollard) can listen in on Big Boy's plans. As Breathless's song continues, a montage shows the police foiling numerous crimes due to information gathered from the bug. When Big Boy discovers the listening device, he uses it to lure Tracy. Tracy meets Tess at the diner where she tells him she is leaving town. During their meeting, Tracy gets a call that something big is going down at the Southside Warehouse. Of course, Tracy leaves Tess and rushes to the warehouse. Caprice has captured Bug Bailey and is bathing him in cement just like he did Lips. Tracy manages to save Bug. Just as Pruneface is about to kill Tracy, The Blank steps out of the shadows and shoots Pruneface. Big Boy now agrees to the proposal that 88 Keys had offered, but only if it includes killing Tracy. Heartbroken, Tess goes to her mother's house. While there, she has a change of heart and plans to return to Tracy, but before she can tell him, The Blank kidnaps her. Alone at the club, 88 Keys and Breathless sing "What Can You Lose?," a rueful song about unrequited love. 88 Keys is obviously in love with Breathless, but she has fallen for Tracy. Tracy and Breathless meet again at the docks and once again he asks her to testify. She demands that he admit he wants her. He finally admits that he thinks about her, but he won't say he wants her because it would hurt the one he loves. After receiving a phone call from The Blank, 88 Keys has a guy forge a letter from Tracy to the corrupt D.A. to meet him at a hotel with $10,000 because he has the goods on him. Then Tracy receives a message to come to Tess' greenhouse, but when he arrives, The Blank drugs him with hidden gas lines and he collapses. Then The Blank, in Tracy's yellow coat and matching hat, runs into the hotel and up the stairs to a room. He shoots the D.A. with a silenced gun, then 88 keys moves Tracy's drugged body into the room to frame him for the D.A.'s murder. 88 Keys screams threats that are overheard by the hotel manager, who telephones the police. Hotel residents and the manager then hear gunshots. Before The Blank exits by the window, he wakes Tracy with some ammonia. Tracy is arrested for blackmail and murder. Meanwhile, a lady from the orphanage comes to take the Kid. During a few scenes of him at the orphanage, he is miserable. Big Boy is back in business and thrilled. Against a montage of various gambling scenes and Big Boy raking in the dough, we hear "Back in Business" (performed by a girls' trio: Janis Siegel, Cheryl Bentyne and Lorraine Feather). From the orphanage, the Kid calls the Chief and tells him he knows Tracy didn't kill the D.A. The Chief picks the Kid up from the orphanage on New Year's Eve to visit Tracy in jail. The Kid tells Tracy he now has a permanent certificate because he has chosen a name: Dick Tracy, Jr. Sprung from jail by his colleagues on New Years Eve, Tracy sets out to rescue his girlfriend. The Blank calls the police and frames Big Boy for kidnapping Tess. Tracy gets Mumbles to tell him who set him up for the D.A.'s murder. Mumbles clearly states without mumbling that Big Boy paid 88 Keys to get Tracy out of the way. At a shootout outside the Club Ritz, the police and Tracy gun down most of Big Boy's men. Big Boy finds Tess in a vault. He takes her hostage and ties her to a drawbridge mechanism when he finds the drawbridge is up and can't escape. With some help from Breathless, Tracy trails Big Boy and Tess and confronts Caprice in the gear room of the bridge. After they fight, as Tracy is untying Tess, The Blank fires a warning shot at Big Boy. The Blank tells Tracy to pick up a pipe and kill Big Boy, but he doesn't. The Blank prepares to shoot Tracy, but the Kid tackles him. Caprice shoots The Blank. Tracy then socks Big Boy, which sends him falling to his death in the bridge's gears. Tracy rescues Tess. Beneath The Blank's mask, Tracy is shocked to find Breathless Mahoney. She tells him that he was her only mistake, and wonders if anything could have happened between them. She kisses him just before she dies. When Tracy finds Tess waiting outside, they embrace. Later at the diner, Tracy, Tess and the Kid share a meal. Tracy gives the Kid a wrist radio. Then he stumbles through a marriage proposal to Tess, but Pat interrupts on his wrist radio about a robbery in progress. As Tracy and the Kid leave to investigate, Tracy tosses Tess a ring and says, "You're one in a million." Madonna sings a reprise of "More" during the closing credits.
tt0078841
Comedy,Drama
Chance (Peter Sellers) is a middle-aged gardener who lives in the townhouse of a wealthy man in Washington D.C. Chance seems very simple-minded and has lived in the house his entire life, tending the garden, with virtually no contact with the outside world. His cultural and social education is derived entirely from what he watches on the television sets provided by the "Old Man," who raised him. The only other person in his life is Louise, the maid who cooks his meals and looks upon him as nothing more than a child who has failed to grow up. When his benefactor dies, Chance is visited by attorneys handling the estate. Chance tells them that he has lived his whole life inside the house. He was apparently abandoned as a baby and left in a basket outside the front door where the "Old Man" lived, who took him in and raised him. The lawyers force him to leave the townhouse and he discovers the outside world for the first time. Chance wanders aimlessly through a wintry and busy Washington dressed in conservative, old-fashioned business attire, a homburg hat, suitcase, umbrella and a television remote from his former home. Although finely-tailored many years ago, his clothes are of the style which has now come back into fashion, and so others presume he is an expensively well-dressed man of means. That evening, as he wanders, Chance happens upon a TV store. He sees his own image in one of the TVs captured by a camera in the shop window. While watching himself he backs into the street and is struck by a car owned by Ben Rand (Melvyn Douglas), a wealthy businessman. Rand's wife Eve (Shirley MacLaine), who is inside the limo, invites Chance to their home to recover from his injured leg. After being offered alcohol for the first time in his life, Chance coughs after he is asked his name. He says, "Chance the Gardener", but due to his cough those listening interpret his name to be "Chauncey Gardiner." During dinner at the Rands' home, Chance describes the attorneys coming to his former house and shutting it down where he lived his whole life after the death of "the Old Man". Judging by his appearance and overall demeanor, Ben Rand automatically assumes that Chauncey is an upper class, well-to-do, highly-educated business man. Although Chance is really describing being kicked out of the home where he tended to the garden after the death of his legal guardian, Ben Rand perceives it as attorneys shutting down Chance's business because of financial problems after the death of his long-term boss and mentor "the Old Man". Ben even assumes it must have been caused by "kid lawyers from the SEC," obviously attributing it to have occurred at a higher, more sophisticated level than a tax/IRS problem, as most persons would likely have assumed. Sympathizing with him, Ben Rand takes Chance under his wing. Chance's personal style and seemingly conservative and insightful ways embody many qualities that Ben admires. His simplistic, serious-sounding utterances, which mostly concern the garden, are interpreted by virtually everyone as allegorical statements of deep wisdom and knowledge regarding business matters and the current state of the economy in America. Ben Rand is also the confidant and adviser of the U.S. President (Jack Warden), whom he introduces to "Chauncey." Chance's remarks about how the garden changes with the seasons are interpreted by the President as economic and political advice, relating to his concerns about the mid-term unpopularity that many administrations face while in office. Chance, as Chauncey Gardiner, quickly rises to national public attention. He becomes a media celebrity and appears on a national television talk show. He rapidly joins the A-list of the most wanted in Washington society. Public opinion polls start to reflect just how much his "simple brand of wisdom" resonates with the jaded American public. At an upscale Washington cocktail lounge, two important, older, well-dressed men are discussing Chauncey; one says to the other, there is a rumor "he holds degrees in medicine as well as law." Rand, dying of aplastic anemia, encourages his wife to become close to Chance, knowing Eve is a fragile woman. Rand's doctor (Richard A. Dysart) makes a few inquiries of his own. Even after acquiring Chance's fingerprints and a photo of him, the physician can't find a record of him anywhere, including elementary, middle, or high schools, colleges, nor employment or a police record. Rand's doctor concludes that Chance is actually a simpleton gardener, totally oblivious and unaware to the ways of the world. But he sees that Chance has helped Rand to accept his final illness and pending death. The doctor is hesitant to say anything that will upset Rand. He also sees that Chance possesses no guile, no intent to deceive, or any interest which would adversely impact Ben or Eve, or have any adverse effect upon Eve, or the estate, following Ben's death. Just days before his death, Rand amends his will to include Chauncey. At his funeral, the President gives a long-winded speech full of bon mots and quotes by Rand. Rand's pallbearers, all influential citizens and members of the board of Rand's several companies, hold a whispered discussion over potential replacements for the President in the next term of office. As Rand's coffin is about to be interred in the family Masonic pyramid-like mausoleum, they unanimously agree on "Chauncey Gardiner." Chance, oblivious to all this, wanders away from the funeral and through Rand's wintry estate. Ever the gardener, he straightens out a pine sapling and then walks up to the edge of a pond and then onto its surface. He pauses, dips his umbrella deeply into the water next to him, and then continues to walk further out into the pond. Rand's quote "Life is a state of mind" is stated in voiceover .
tt0089907
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
Louisville, Kentucky There is a new employee in a medical supplier company, Uneeda, which says that "You need it --- We got it". It provides universities with corpses so that students can learn, and for experiments. There are also dead animals' corpses, for vets. It's the 3rd July 1984, 17:30 Eastern Daylight time. In the lab, Frank (James Karen) will stay an hour more to teach Freddy (Thom Mathews), the new employee the tricks of the trade. As it's important that corpses have good teeth, skeletons usually come from India. Burt Wilson (Clu Gulager), the boss, leaves. It's the day before Independence Day. There is a human corpse in the freezer. Frank shows Freddy the prosthetics and half dogs. Frank tells Freddy how the army forgot some caskets with living dead inside. Apparently, there was a real incident which inspired César Romero's Day of the Living Dead, something about a chemical substance, Tripxina 4-5, which returned dead bodies to life in the morgue. When the army solved the problem, they didn't know what to do with the remaining corpses and sent them to Uneeda by mistake. Soon, they forgot the reclaim the living corpses from the medical supply company Uneeda. The Darrow Company, the one which invented and lost control of the substance, threatened Romero to sue him if he told the truth to the public. Darrow should have gotten the living corpses, but they only wanted to hide them from public opinion. Freddy gets impressed and frightened, almost panicky. Linda, Frank's wife, calls him to talk about dinner. Frank is going home soon, but first, he offers to show Freddy the corpses, all wrinkled behind the glass. Frank cleans the glasses and hits the containers: a green gas spills out, leaving Frank and Ernie unconscious. Immediately, the butterflies, the half dogs and the hooked corpse come to life. California, 16:00 hours. An army officer, Colonel Glover (Jonathan Terry) arrives home late. His wife Ethel Glover (Cathleen Cordell) complains that he's to be available all the time. He's expecting the chaos to erupt some time or another. It's clear that he is waiting for the living dead to appear, although they may never do so. Ethel complains that the radio equipment interferes with the oven. Meanwhile, Suicide (Mark Venturini) is a punk who drives all his friends around. He's violent and a bit crazy. Because of a row, they end up outside Uneeda. Freddy is at work and they want to hang out with him. Back to Uneeda, Frank and Freddy wake up. The wrinkled corpse (Terrence M. Houlihan) has disappeared. Frank and Freddy kill again one half of the dead dog which is now wishing for dog brains. The hooked corpse starts banging against the door, and Frank calls Burt, the boss. At the cemetery, red-haired Trash (Linnea Quigley) starts getting turned on thinking about the most horrible way of dying. She gets hot and starts dancing naked - wishing for old men to eat her alive. Tina (Beverly Randolph) is jealous of Trash's body, so she tries to diminish it. At Uneeda, Burt is worried about getting sued by Darrow Co. and investigated by the government. They open up the door of the freezer, let the corpse (Allan Trautman) out and cut him into pieces. The undead is still undead, and destroying his brain doesn't seem to be enough. We can read the thoughts of the undead body. They go to the crematory of the morgue Ernie Cartlebrunner (Don Calfa). He's the owner of his own business, Resurrection Funeral Services. At the cemetery, Suicide wants everybody to follow the punk way of life. Some of the punks notice Frank and Ernie taking the thinking corpse away, wondering if Freddy is one of them. It's not. Frank, Ernie and Burt interrupt an autopsy. Ernie takes some coffee. He explains how to break rigor mortis. Burt asks Ernie to burn the living corpse down and to keep the secret. Burt admits that there are not dogs in the bags. Out from a rubbish bag, there it pops a moving arm which attacks Ernie. While Burt tells Ernie the story, we come back to some of the punks. Meanwhile, Suicide is hitting on Casey (Jewel Shepard). It's almost 22:00, when Freddy finishes work. Another of the girls is anxiously waiting for him. Tina walks out of the cemetery and goes to the medical supply company. Meanwhile, Ernie says that the big favor will have to be returned, and is pissed off about the arm which tore his red trousers. Ernie says that the heart will be the difficult part, as it's a hard big muscle. Burt doesn't even want the ashes to survive. The fire seems to do the trick, but through the chimney, ashes and dust mix with the air and the clouds. Immediately, a storm breaks out. It doesn't rain down, it pours down. It's a kind of radioactive rain. Tina gets inside the Uneeda building, still searching for Freddy. Trash, Suicide, Scuz (Brian Peck), Spider (Miguel A. Núñez Jr), Chuck (John Philbin) and the rest of the gang run to their car. The rain falls down over the local cemetery. It's like acid rain. They start fighting and bickering among each other because Suicide's car won't start up. A weird smoke comes out from the crematory. Ernie checks that all parts of the body are dead. Burt hugs him, and tells him that he owes him big time. Both Frank and Freddy feel sick, weak, about to throw up. They blame the gas which knocked them out. Frank throws up. Frank wants to see Linda. Burt calls for an ambulance, and says that there are two poisoned patients. Inside Suicide's car, Trash is still naked. They start hearing the moans of the zombies, longing to dig themselves out and eat brains. At Uneeda, Tina finds mayhem and Freddy's cap. She goes down the stairs into the basement and stares at the open casket, which smells horribly bad. The original corpse goes after Tina's brains. She falls down the stairs and imprisons herself within a room. The zombie tries to open the box. All the gang come to the rescue of Tina. The zombie opens up Tina's hiding place and eats Suicide's brains. Apparently, they taste like chicken. Only Spider is left to try to hold the door close. Paramedics (Drew Deighan & James Dalesandro) arrive. Freddy and Frank are trembling with cold, their tongues orange. Burt doesn't want to phone the Army until the next morning. Neither of the paramedics can hear the beat of the patients' heart. The gang keeps on searching for Freddy. Zombies sprout from everywhere, while the storm becomes a flood. Trash is left behind and is eating by the zombies. The paramedics realize that, theoretically, Frank and Freddy are dead. The surviving punks arrive to the building of Resurrection with the zombies in tow. The zombies are fast and can devise plans to attack the living. Paramedics go out to the ambulance and zombies attack them. Burt learns that Spider, Tina and Scuz have seen the corpse at Uneeda. Tina realizes that Freddy has changed. Ernie goes out to see why the paramedics are taking so long, but nobody is there, but the ambulance has all the doors open. A zombie (Jerome 'Daniels' Coleman) is eating the brains of one of them. At Resurrection, they close windows and doors, and try to contact the police. One of the zombies (John Durbin) asks for more paramedics. The dispatcher (Leigh Drake) complies. One of the punks gets Burt to tell what he knows about the Army chemical. Ernie checks on Freddy and realizes that the rigor mortis is advancing. Another team of paramedics arrives, but they are immediately attacked. Burt, Spider, Ernie, Scuz begin to board up the doors and windows as the zombies attack. But Scuz is grabbed by one zombie and pulled outside just long enough to have his head ripped open and eaten by half a zombie (Cherry Davis). Burt, Ernie, and Spider hack the half-zombie woman and bring her into the building. They tie her down on a slab and talk with her. The Half-Lady zombie explains that zombies eat brains because of the pain of being dead. Spider wants to know how to kill them, but Ernie and Burt think they can't be killed. In the cemetery, Trash herself becomes a naked zombie. A bum (William Stout) with a supermarket trolley is walking by in the night. He stares at the naked Trash, who eats his brains. The dispatcher officer sends more cops to Resurrection. Tina doesn't allow Frank and Freddy to be imprisoned in a different room. They put them inside the mortuary's chapel. A cop (Robert Craighead) arrives, but shooting the zombies won't help. There's a helicopter (with the voice of Dan O'Bannon) hovering around, but can't do anything apart from trying to calm everybody down. Cops' brains taste like pork, apparently. Another zombie (David Bond) asks for more cops. Frank and Freddy are in huge pain. Tina hugs Freddy, who dies. Freddy dies and wants to eat Tina's brain. Tina pushes him away and runs away from him. Frank runs away at that moment. Burt throws acid into Freddy's face. Spider gets hysterical. The strapped zombie keeps on asking for brains to eat. Attempting to imprison Freddy in the chapel, Ernie gets hurt in his foot. Freddy gets out of the chapel and runs wild. Ernie limps to the door and says that the favor which Burt owes him is to come back for him with the police car. Burt and Spider charge outside and keep the mob of zombies off them with a baseball bat and crowbar. They make it to the police car, but immediately, the car gets surrounded by frantic zombies. In a desperate move, Burt drives away, leaving Tina and Ernie behind. Tina panics, thinking they have abandoned them, but Ernie is faithful that they will return for them. Burt and Spider drive away from the mortuary and out of the cemetery, but they find the road leading away blocked by HUNDREDS of zombies. Spider and Burt crash the police car against the Uneeda building and are forced to flee inside. Back at the mortuary, Tina and Ernie go up to a penthouse and kick the ladder out when the zombie Freddy breaks down the door to get at them, all the time crying out for Tina. The zombie Frank turns on the crematorium fire, kisses Linda's wedding ring and jumps onto the fire. That's more ashes to the atmosphere. The zombie cop prepares an ambush, and more responding policemen are attacked by the zombies and dispatched as well. Freddy tries to sweet-talk Tina into submission. Ernie ponders killing Tina to save himself. Spider, Burt and the two surviving punks, Casey and Tom, go down to the basement, where the copse of Suicide is. They call the police whom by this time are setting up barricades. The Captain (Bob Libman) doesn't understand what's happening. Just as Burt tries to explain about the zombies, hundreds of zombies attack the police barricade. The running zombies easily surpass the barricades and eat all the cops, while Burt listens over the phone. As a last resort, Burt calls the phone number stenciled outside the original zombie containers and manages to get in contact with General Glover. Burt talks to Glover. He tells everything that happened. Glover tells control about the zombie outbreak in Louisville, Kentucky. Glover has a plan. A suspicious Spider inquires about what the plan is. At a remote hilltop, Sergeant Gilbertson (Derrick Brice) is told to prepare. He fires a long-range "super gun" with a nuclear weapon towards Louisville, Kentucky. When the bomb hits, Freddy has just broken onto the penthouse where Tina and Ernie are hiding. It's 5:01 a.m. in the morning, Eastern time. A nuclear explosion has destroyed the city of Louisville, killing all of the zombies and apparently all the population as well. Glover gets a report that the death toll is less than 4,000. Glover calls his boss, whoever he or she is, saying that everything has been taken care off. He thinks that the rain will put out all the fires in town. He's preparing the visit of the President to the hit area. While he talks, we see more corpses being woken up by the acid rain.
tt0098536
Comedy,Crime,Drama
In the peaceful, port town of Cypress Beach, California, a compulsively neat and organized police investigator named Scott Turner (Tom Hanks) trains his replacement, David Sutton (Reginald Veljohnson), before his transfer to the Sacramento Police Department, where Turner hopes he will have more exciting work. At the pier, Turner introduces Sutton to seafood plant owner Walter Boyett (J.C. Quinn) and, across the dock, Turner visits his friend Amos Reed (John McIntire), a shipyard junk collector. Although Turner approaches the old man's houseboat with trepidation, Amos's imposing Dogue de Bordeaux, Hooch, pins Turner down by the throat. Amos claims that Hooch has affection for Turner, then complains of suspicious activity at Boyett's plant. As Turner and Sutton drive away, they are called to Pinecone Beach, where siblings Mike and Christine Harper have discovered over $8,000 washed ashore in a plastic bag. Confiscating the money, Turner tells the children's mother, Mrs. Kathy Harper (Sharon Madden), that the cash will belong to them if no one claims it, but they must use it for college. That night, back at the pier, Boyett orders his henchman, Zack Gregory (Scott Paulin), to kill a worker named Ferraday who stole a plastic bag filled with cash. Hearing Hooch's barks from across the dock, Boyett sends Gregory to Amos's houseboat, but when the old man refuses Gregory's bribe to keep quiet, he is stabbed to death. However, Hooch witnesses the killing, jumps through a window and chases Gregory away. Early the next morning, Turner rushes to the scene of his first murder investigation and is saddened by the death of Amos. As Hooch barks from inside the houseboat where he has been confined, federal agents Harley McCabe (Ebbe Roe Smith) and Jeff Foster (Kevin Scannell) attempt to muscle Turner off the case, but Turner convinces his boss, Chief Howard Hyde (Craig T. Nelson), to let him stay on the job an extra week so he and Sutton can find Amos's killer. When animal control officers claim Hooch is rabid and threaten to shoot him, Turner says the dog is a witness and escorts him to the town's new veterinarian, Emily Carson (Mare Winningham). Learning about the murder, Emily encourages Turner to take the dog home and use him to find the killer. The next day at the station, Turner reviews Amos's autopsy report and determines by the exactness of the stab wound that the murderer was trained in the military. Chief Hyde complains that the investigation is too costly. Later, as Turner shops for dog food, Hooch wrecks his house. When Turner returns to find his order upturned, he goes after Hooch with a gun. Although Hooch runs away, he soon comes back with Emily's pretty Collie, Camille. Turner returns the dogs to Emily's home-based clinic, hoping to slip away without Hooch, but Emily sees him and invites him inside. They begin to fall in love. One day, Hooch spots Gregory at the wedding of Boyett's daughter at a church across the street from the police station. As Hooch chases Gregory into his Cadillac, Turner and Sutton pursue the criminal and discover his identity through his license plate. Learning that Gregory is a former Marine who works for Boyett, Turner suspects he is Amos's killer and asks Chief Hyde for a search warrant of Boyett's plant. When the investigation is fruitless, Chief Hyde bids farewell to Turner and hands the case over to Sutton. Later, Turner and Emily make love and Turner decides to observe the plant through the night. He promises Emily that he will stay in town another few days. Although the stakeout is uneventful, Turner and Sutton search the plant again the next morning, this time with Hooch. Turner lets Hooch smell the bag of cash discovered by the Harper kids and the dog soon traces the scent to a box of matching plastic bags. Later, Turner investigates Gregory's address at a local motel, leaving Hooch in the car. When Turner threatens the manager, he is held at gunpoint by Gregory. Although Gregory forces Turner into the driver's seat of his Cadillac, Turner intentionally crashes the car into a wall and Hooch restrains Gregory by his throat. Terrified of the dog, Gregory confesses to killing Amos and discloses that Boyett is running a covert operation. After handcuffing Gregory and calling for reinforcements, Turner returns to the plant with Hooch and orders the dog to watch the back door. Just before entering the warehouse, Turner is surprised to see Chief Hyde, who claims that police are waiting nearby to back them up. Once inside, Tuner snatches Hyde's shotgun and accuses the chief of collaborating with Boyett. Turner fires the weapon into a block of ice, revealing bags of cash hidden inside. Just then, Boyett shuts off the lights. Hyde recovers his weapon and a gunfight ensues. Meanwhile, Hooch finds his way into the building through a skylight and lunges onto Boyett as he aims at Turner, taking a bullet in his chest. Turner returns fire, shooting Boyett in the leg, but he is held up by Hyde. The police chief kills Boyett and demands that Turner keep quiet. Although Turner tries to humor his superior, Hyde cocks his gun; however, Hooch bites Hyde's leg before he can shoot. As Turner seizes Hyde's weapon, it discharges, killing the corrupt police chief. Turner rushes the wounded Hooch to Emily's clinic, but despite Turner's soothing words and Emily's attempts to save him, Hooch dies. Sometime later, Turner takes over as Cypress Beach's police chief, marries Emily, and becomes the proud owner of a litter of puppies that Hooch sired with Camille before he died.
tt0100133
Action,Drama,War
The B-17 bomber "Memphis Belle" is nearing the historic 25th mission, which is a tour-of-duty for American bomber crews. She is the first plane to survive long enough to achieve this feat, and her crew is likely the first to return successfully to the States. Captain Dearborn (Matthew Modine) and his crew are not at mission #25 though. As PR man Lt. Colonel Derringer (John Lithgow) hovers around, waiting to capture the glorious moment of triumph, the Memphis Belle has to complete her last mission. The top brass are not going to give them a "milk run" over France that they could easily survive either-- their group's next target is Hamburg, Germany. Over Germany, the plane is rocked by anti-aircraft fire, attacked by enemy fighters, and a member of the crew is badly wounded. They all eventually make it back on the battered Memphis Belle, and are feted as heroes in the American press. The film provides considerable insight into the daily lives of airmen whose service careers often lasted only a few missions. Various men have good-luck charms for protection, while others write many letters home to assure family and friends that they are alive. The British, for their part, host dances which give the airmen an opportunity to dance (and sometimes more) with pretty English girls. The actual missions provide a sense of how quickly German fighters could pounce out of the sun, and how FLAK could rip apart even a mighty "Flying Fortress."
tt0099052
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
A photographer named Jerry Manley arrives in Venezuela to be part of an expedition party led by Doctor James Atherton (Julian Sands). Jerry is instructed to take photographs of the animals and environments. The party travels into the rainforest by helicopter and by mule, eventually arriving at the floor of a giant sinkhole. The environment of the sinkhole has been undisturbed for millions of years and Atherton, an arachnologist, is eager to find new species of spiders. Eventually, the group come across a series of strange webs, and several unknown spiders. Atherton uses smoke collect insect species. One giant specimen that appears to be dead shocks Jerry when it leaps onto his camera. Atherton chastises Jerry for killing it, but they still have some other specimens of the new species to take back. Unseen by the men, a larger spider, the local alpha male, hides on their gear. Back near their base camp, Atherton examines the specimens, noting that they seem to be 'drones,' as no sexual organs can be found on them, leading him to believe the spiders they've found are part of a 'hive,' with a leader. During this time, Jerry goes to rest, still suffering from a cold he had before he arrived. During his rest, the alpha male ends up biting him and Jerry dies. When Atherton and his men find out, they assume he must have succumbed to his cold, and a crude wooden casket is constructed to send Jerry back to his home in Canaima in northern California. Unseen by the men, the alpha male stows away in the box. Once the box arrives in Canaima, the coroners find Jerry's body appears to have shriveled up. The coroner assumes that the remote Venezuelan people lacked the proper equipment and technique to embalm Jerry's body properly. He places a call to the funeral home requesting they speak to Jerry's family and have a closed casket. Meanwhile, the alpha male, having drained Jerry's body during transport, sneaks outside where it is quickly picked up by a crow. After a few moments, the spider bites the crow in midair and both plummet to the ground near an old barn near a farm house. The house just happens to be the new home of transposed San Franciscan residents, the Jennings. While moving things into the home, Ross Jennings (Jeff Daniels) is asked by his son Tommy to kill a spider. Ross' arachnophobia keeps him from doing so and his wife Molly ends up carrying off the spider. At their daughter Shelley's insistence, they take it to the barn... where it promptly meets and mates with the Venezuelan alpha. Ross has moved his family from San Francisco, when it was announced that the town's physician Sam Metcalf (Henry Jones) was planning to retire. However, Ross' plans come to a screeching halt when the stubborn Metcalf tells Ross he has reconsidered. Without a secondary job to fall back on, Ross gets some consolation when his nearby neighbor Margaret Collins (Mary Carver) welcomes him, and requests he examine her. After finding her in good health, Ross has her stop taking blood pressure medication that Metcalf prescribed her claiming it's unnecessary. Meanwhile, trying to find something to do, Molly wanders around looking for things to take pictures of with her camera. Her search leads her to the barn, where she finds a number of unusually large and elaborate webs. She attempts to show them to Ross, who has to fight his phobia just to take a look. Some time afterward, Margaret hosts a party for the Jennings, and a number of the townspeople get to meet them. The party does get a little off-kilter when Jerry's mother, Henrietta Manley (Lois De Banzie) has too much to drink, wailing about her son who passed away a few months prior. The next day, Molly calls Margaret to thank her for the party, but gets no answer. Since she lives next door, Ross goes over to check on her, only to find her collapsed on the floor. Dr Metcalf proposes that it was a heart attack, but Ross suspects it could be something else, given that the body was contorted as if she suffered a seizure. When Ross also argues with Metcalf about taking Margaret off the medication he prescribed her, Metcalf accuses Ross, saying his actions could have been the cause of Margaret's death. Ross wishes to perform an an autopsy, but is denied by Metcalf here too. In the wake of Margaret's death, Ross is unsure what to do, when he is asked by the local school's coach to perform physicals on the school football team. Afterward, Ross watches the team practice for a game, when one of the students suddenly freezes mid-play and is simultaneously hit by three of his teammates. Unseen by the others, a spider had crawled into his helmet, and quickly scurried away when one of the teammates removed it from the collapsed player. The incident soon causes Ross to gain the unfriendly moniker of "Dr Death" by several of the townspeople. Ross attempts to focus on other things, and tries to finish a wine cellar in the basement, only to find that the beams are rotted. Suspecting termites, they call an exterminator named Delbert McClintock (John Goodman). After looking over the basement, he confirms that it's just the fact that they have "bad wood" in their house, and that they should replace it. Dr Metcalf is still of the persuasion that Ross is trouble, but is injured when a spider crawls into his slipper and bites his toe. In his final moments, Metcalf has his wife call Ross, but the old man dies before Ross can get to him. It is thought that since Metcalf was exercising moments before his death, that he'd overexerted himself, but Ross and the coroner note a bite mark on Metcalf's big toe, along with his wife telling that her husband claimed he had been bitten by something. Ross then requests the coroner run a toxicology report on Metcalf to properly determine cause of death. Ross takes on the role of town physician and soon has a full patient load. The coroner soon after calls with the results of Metcalf's findings, noting a small amount of an unidentified poison was found in his bloodstream. Ross then requests that the football player and Margaret's bodies be exhumed to be checked as well, and the coroner complies. Returning home, Ross finds his daughter going to spend the evening at a friend's home. However, Ross warns the girls to run if they see any spiders, prompting them to giggle at his "silliness." Later that evening at the Briggs' place (where Ross' daughter is staying), the eldest daughter encounters a spider in the shower, and the father is almost bitten by one. They then after call Delbert out to check the home, but he finds nothing inside. Out on the porch, he sees a spider, and attempts to spray it with one of his special chemical treatments but it has little effect. Frustrated, Delbert simply steps on it. Meanwhile, given that Ross suspects spiders to be the culprit behind these deaths, he searches for an authority on them, and finds Dr Atherton. Though hoping Atherton will come himself to help, the Doctor claims he's too busy, and sends an assistant named Chris Collins (Brian McNamara) in his place. Chris examines the exhumed corpses and on each one a small bite mark is found, proving Ross' theory. Eventually, Chris finds the situation dire enough to call in Atherton, who arrives just as the men have found a live specimen. Much like the spiders in Venezuela, the Canaima spiders have no sexual organs, but do have several poison pouches. Testing it on a lab mouse, it dies in a matter of seconds from a very small dosage. It is soon surmised that one of the spiders from Venezuela has mated with the local spiders, and has started its own colony in the town. However, unlike the confined sinkhole in Venezuela where the spiders originated, the open area of Canaima presents no natural features to keep them contained. They then attempt to get hold of the coroner, but find his phone off the hook. Going to his house, they find that he and his wife have died due to spider bites -- one had found its way into their bowl of popcorn and attacked them while they watched TV. After the incident, the search is on to locate the nest. Using a map, the group finds out that the attacks have happened in a radiating pattern. At the center of the pattern is Ross' house. As Delbert rushes them to Ross' house, Chris tells them that the alpha male & female will be guarding an egg sac in a place that's warm and devoid of even their drones. Ross immediately thinks of his barn but Delbert counters, saying that the barn would be too cold and drafty. Ross realizes with horror that the spiders have settled into his home. Atherton also notes Molly's strange webbing photos in Ross' office and has the Sheriff take him to the family's barn. In the barn he finds the webs, along with a number of dead small animals. Atherton attempts to lure out and capture the alpha male, but instead it lunges out and kills him. Ross and the others have gone to his house where they attempt to get his family out. Sending Delbert to the barn, Ross and Chris go into his house, only to find a number of spiders coming out of the woodwork, to attack them. The family manages to get out, all except Ross, who ends up plummeting over the stairs, and through the rotted wood of the first floor into the cellar. It is here that he finds the nest with its egg sac. The queen attempts to kill Ross, but he ends up flipping it into the electrical box, where it dies. However, the alpha has appeared, and attempts to kill Ross. The spider even survives being burned, and takes a flying leap at Ross, who impales it with a shot from a nail gun, sending the flaming spider into the nest, destroying it and its offspring. As he lays amid the smoldering wreckage of the basement, Delbert suddenly appears and drags him out. In the end, we see Ross and his family having returned to San Francisco, and willing to return to the rat race of humanity, where they are sure nothing as crazy as their country adventure will happen... that is, until a few earthquake tremors rattle their apartment.
tt0090863
Drama,Sport
The Hustler is back, or is he? Setting his eyes on Vincent (Tom Cruise), a young and talented, but quirky and obnoxious, pool player, rekindles Fast Eddie Felson's (Paul Newman) passion for pool. Vincent has a valuable attribute in Eddie's eyes - anonymity. Eddie is well-known and, consequently, incapable of success as a road warrior in the seedy world of action pool, but in Vincent, he sees a meal ticket, and takes him under his wing. Unfortunately, Vincent needs some schooling, not in playing pool, but in the art of baiting, taunting, and deceiving potential opponents and side bettors to trap them. Vincent has a hard time adapting to Eddie's methods, clearly troubled by the inherent immorality, and it doesn't appear that Eddie's lessons will ever sink in. At his weakest, Vincent is incapable of holding back in a gambling session with America's best big action player, Grady Seasons (Keith McCready). Eddie's lessons will surely sink in at some point. Or will they? Eddie gives Vincent some money to go on the road, and Vincent, at long last transforming himself into the hustler Eddie had always wanted him to be, makes a lot of money. Shortly after, Vincent and Eddie enter the same pool tournament in Atlantic City, but the action is hottest in the practice room. It is at this tournament where Eddie does some soul searching, and when he, surprisingly, turns down a shot at having a piece of Vincent's practice room gambling action, it is the onset of his rejection of pool's seedier side. In Vincent, Eddie sees some of himself, and what he sees repulses him. Eddie now wants to win on merit, rather than through a hustle, and his passion for winning fair and square shows in his exuberance in his tournament matches. All of a sudden, he is the Eddie that beat Minnesota Fats through excellence, rather than the Eddie who had successfully hustled many, and his self-esteem seems to be peaking just when he learns that Vincent dumped their tournament match to turn a large profit in side betting, a clear blow to Eddie's pride. From Eddie's vantage point, dumping has gone from being an undeniable aspect of betting on pool to an objectionable practice. The Vincent he knew had refused to dump or deceive, but now, dumping and deception are art forms that Vincent and his girlfriend and new manager (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio) have mastered. Suddenly, the tournament no longer represents Eddie's best chance to regain his self-esteem. Why, one must wonder, is Eddie practicing immeidately after he forfeits his very next match in the tournament? Because he is preparing for the only match out there that matters to him......the one against Vincent.....and his resolve to play and win that match is his new raison d'etre.
tt0101587
Comedy
Mitch Robbins (Billy Crystal) and his best friends Phil Berquist (Daniel Stern) and Ed Furillo (Bruno Kirby) are in their mid-30's, and going through a collective early mid-life crisis. Ed is always suggesting adventurous outings or activities that the three can participate in. The latest, running with the bulls in Pampalona, Spain, leaves Mitch with an embarrassing visit to the doctor. Mitch is not altogether happy when Ed eagerly suggests that they go target-parachute jumping shortly thereafter. Some time passes after the trip to Spain, and Mitch wakes to his 39th birthday. Per tradition, his Mother rings him up with a standard speech of her remembrance of the race to the hospital for his birth. Mitch's morning is further complicated when he gets to work and his latest efforts for the radio station he works for are seen as subpar. Per his manager, all decisions must be approved first. Mitch also leaves work to go to Career Day for his son's class. His career is met with below average enthusiasm by the kids, and Mitch soon ends up lamenting the changes that have been made to his job, as well as a small story about getting older. Later that evening, Mitch's wife Barbara (Patricia Wettig) holds a birthday party for Mitch. Phil and Ed show up, along with their wives. Phil's wife Arlene (Karla Tamburrelli) treats him very badly and once again Mitch finds Phil pretending to sleep at the party to avoid talking to her. Ed's girlfriend Kim (Walker Brandt) is a lingerie model in her mid-20's. After cornering Mitch, the two friends tell Mitch of his present: a 2-week cattle drive in the southwest which they'll accompany him on. Mitch is at first excited, but then declines, claiming that he promised his wife they'd visit her parents in Florida. The festivities grind to a halt when a woman named Nancy (Yeardley Smith), one of Phils' coworkers, appears at the party looking for him, saying she missed her period and claiming that Phil is the father of her unborn child. It soon becomes apparent that Phil has been having an affair, and he and his wife Arlene end up in a shouting match that brings the party to a halt. Later on that evening, Barbara, having noticed Mitch's attitude and feelings during the day, tells him that she is concerned that Mitch might be similarly tempted into adultery in a misguided attempt to find some purpose in his life, or perhaps he could drift into contemplating suicide. Barbara suggests that he go with his friends on the cattle drive and see if the experience can help him find a new meaning in his life. Taking her advice, Mitch, Phil, and Ed find themselves on the drive with a number of other people including a father and son, Ben and Steve Jessup, whom are both dentists, Ira and Barry Shalowitz, brothers that run an ice cream business, and a woman, Bonnie Rayburn, who is looking to start a new life after her husband left her. During their time getting ready for the cattle drive, Mitch, Phil and Ed outfit themselves with ranch clothing and practice roping cattle and horse riding. They get into an altercation with two ranch hands named T.R. (Dean Hallo) and Jeff (Kyle Secor), who make unwanted advances toward Bonnie. Mitch steps in to reason with the ranchers. When they threaten Mitch, Phil and Ed step up. A fight nearly breaks out, however, before they can go further, an unnamed, tough cowboy appears, lassoing one of the ranchers to a fence rail and demanding he apologize to Bonnie. When he refuses, the cowboy throws a huge Bowie knife at him, narrowly missing the man's crotch. The rancher immediately apologizes and the cowboy points out that they've been drinking and they need to stop immediately. Later on that evening, the group sits around a campfire and identify the unnamed man as Curly (Jack Palance), the trail boss. Everyone speaks in hushed tones about Curly, but Mitch instantly decides that the man is a lunatic... just as Curly comes up behind him. Curly is tall and intimidating, however Mitch still tries to make conversation with him. Curly isn't moved by Mitch's attempt at friendliness and tells him in a low tone "I crap bigger n' you." A few days later the group head off to drive the cattle across the plains. During the first leg of the trip, Mitch, Ed, and Phil discuss certain questions about life and relationships. Early one morning, Mitch operates a battery-operated coffee grinder he brought, with the noise spooking the cattle and sending them stampeding off. Curly orders everyone to continue the drive with TR and Jeff. With some cattle still missing, Curly decides to take Mitch with him to recover them. Mitch and Curly recover the extra cattle, but end up spending the night out in the wilderness. Mitch is sure that Curly is planning to kill him for what he said about him, especially since Curly makes a show of stropping his knife, which Mitch finds intimidating. Curly tells Mitch to put away the harmonica Mitch'd been playing and Mitch finds the courage to stand up to Curly, telling him he's trying to enjoy his vacation. When Mitch plays the opening bars to "Tumblin' Tumbleweeds", Curly's rough countenance seems to soften a bit and he sings along. During their time alone together, Curly and Mitch begin to discuss life and decisions and Curly seems to gain more respect for Mitch. Curly tells Mitch that the secret of life is 'one thing,' but says that Mitch will have to figure out what it is for himself. Right before they return to the herd, one of the cows goes into labor, and Mitch reluctantly ends up assisting with the birth, pulling the calf from the mother himself. Mitch happily names the little calf Norman. However, Curly suddenly shoots Norman's mother, explaining that she was dying and suffering for it. Mitch seems to understand and decides to watch over Norman himself. After they've rejoined the group on the trail, Mitch explains to them that Curly isn't quite the threatening guy he comes off as and wants the others to chat with him as well. However, when they approach him, they see that he has died while watching over the cattle. Curly is buried on the trail in a solemn ceremony before everyone moves on, with T.R. and Jeff taking Curly's place. Mitch, Phil and Ed share another moment of conversation, talking about the happiest and worst day of their life. Each man has something different: Mitch remembers his Dad taking him to Yankee Stadium for the first time as his happiest. The worst was the day when it seemed that his wife may have had breast cancer -- they later found out she was fine. Phil (surprisingly) remembers his wedding day as his happiest. Every day since, he claims, is a tie for the worst day. Ed recalls the day that his father finally left their family as his happiest, as his father had been cheating on their mother. Ed also claims this as his worst day. Sometime later, the cook known as Cookie (Tracey Walter) gets drunk and ends up destroying the chuck wagon and killing the two horses that pulled it. The incident leaves him with broken legs, and little food left. Later the same evening, T.R. and Jeff get drunk, recklessly begin shooting the empty bottles and threaten to kill Norman the calf. An altercation takes place, with Phil almost snapping, and pointing a pistol at one of them. He regains control of himself and tells everyone that he's actually afraid of guns but knows he should know how to use one in case the store he manages is robbed. T.R. and Jeff to rush off, leaving the others and the herd with no guides. Mitch volunteers to move the herd himself, mentioning that Curly said they would eventually encounter a river before arriving in the valley where the trail ends and the ranch they're heading for is. The Jessups volunteer to take Cookie ahead to the end of the trail; they're the most qualified since they're doctors, despite being dentists. Phil and Ed stay to help Mitch. They manage to get the herd to the river, but Norman gets swept away in the current. Mitch is able to overcome his inability to rope a cow and lassos Norman but falls in the river. Phil and Ed save Mitch and each other, before finally arriving at the other ranch. The ranch owner is excited at what the boys have done, and agree that in reward for what they've done, they'll be refunded their money for the experience. When one of them asks about maybe herding the cows back to the other ranch, the ranch owner claims that the cows will actually be taken to market. Mitch, Phil and Ed are saddened by the news, with Mitch feeling that they are betraying the cows' trust. Although, Ed dismisses' Mitch's guilt noting that the cows have no comprehension of them and simply obeyed their commands on the drive, Mitch finds when he visits the herd, Norman walks up to him as the one whom he owes his life and Mitch finds himself making a decision. During their last day, the three friends decide what to do about their lives. Phil decides that he will graciously start his life over, in the face of his impending divorce. Ed decides to fulfill his girlfriend's request to have children. Mitch meanwhile, has deciphered Curly's 'one thing' saying, which he feels is something different to everyone, what's most important. Mitch returns home to his family, and is eager and happy to see them. He shocks his wife by showing that he has brought Norman the calf along with him to save him from slaughter. After the family and Norman (whom Mitch reassures his wife will be placed in a petting zoo shortly) are loaded into the family van, they head home.
tt0103786
Comedy,Drama,Family
A group of puppies are stolen from a pet store by two thieves. A St. Bernard puppy escapes and sneaks into the Newton family's home. The workaholic father, George Newton, doesn't want the responsibility of owning a dog, but his wife, Alice, and their children, Ryce, Ted, and Emily, convince him. They give him the name "Beethoven" when Emily plays a portion of Ludwig van Beethoven's Fifth Symphony on the piano and the dog barks along to it. Beethoven grows into an extremely fat adult dog and helps the children overcome their problems: he helps Ryce talk to her crush, scares off bullies for Ted, and saves Emily's life when she falls into an irresponsible babysitter's swimming pool. George, jealous of the affection Beethoven receives, feels neglected as his family fawns over him. His antics ruin a barbecue he is hosting for Brad and Brie, rude, unpleasant venture capitalists looking to invest in and secretly swindle him out of his car freshener firm. The Newtons take Beethoven to a veterinarian, Dr. Herman Varnick, for a routine medical examination and immunizations. They are unaware that he is involved in unethical and deadly animal experimentation. He speaks to George and tells him of a supposed mental instability among St. Bernards making them potentially dangerous to humans and advises him to watch Beethoven closely for any sign of viciousness. He actually requires large-skulled dogs such as St. Bernards for an ammunition test. Dr. Varnick visits the Newton home under the guise of doing a follow-up exam on Beethoven. He puts fake blood on his arm and hits Beethoven until he leaps on him. He pretends to be in agony, warning George that Beethoven may be turning aggressive and must be euthanized or he will have no choice but to press charges. Emily, who saw Dr. Varnick hit him, protests that the attack was fake, but George, fearing for his family's safety, reluctantly takes him to Dr. Varnick's office. It is on the way there that George discovers his own affections for him: he remembers his father had to take their dog to the vet to be euthanized and he never forgave him for it. He fears that his own family will hate him now for taking Beethoven to be euthanized. When he returns home with the empty leash and collar, his family leaves the dinner table rather than remain with him. After recognizing the children's sadness and having a conversation with Alice, the Newtons go to Dr. Varnick's office, but he lies and claims that Beethoven has already been euthanized. George notices that Dr. Varnick has no bite marks on his arm and punches him. The Newtons follow him to his warehouse. Beethoven breaks free but is recaptured by Dr. Varnick's two associates, Harvey and Vernon, while Alice calls the police. George crashes through the skylight just as Dr. Varnick prepares to shoot Beethoven. Before he can, a captive Jack Russell Terrier bites him in the crotch, causing him to fire a shot in the air. After hearing the gunshot, Ted drives the car through the door and runs it into a cart, launching numerous syringes into Dr. Varnick and sedating him. As the Newtons reunite with Beethoven and free all the captive dogs, they notice Harvey and Vernon trying to escape and send the dogs after them. They escape into a junkyard, only to be attacked by a pack of Dobermans guarding it. Dr. Varnick, Harvey, and Vernon are arrested for animal abuse. The Newtons are praised as heroes by the news and George takes a new liking to Beethoven. Ryce also gets a phone call from her crush. The Newtons then go to sleep, saying good night to Beethoven and all of the dogs they rescued, who are all sleeping in their bedroom.
tt0110478
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The story, set in the American Old West, is a first-person account by a wisecracking gambler 'Bret Maverick' (Mel Gibson), of his misadventures on the way to a major five-card draw poker tournament. Besides wanting to win the poker championship for the money, he also wants to prove, once and for all, that he is 'the best'. However, complications keep getting in the way. Maverick rides into the fictional town of Crystal River intending to collect money owed to him, as he is $3000 short of the poker tournament entry fee of $25,000. His efforts to make up this $3000 provide some plot motivation, as well as diversions caused by, and in the company of, three people he encounters at Crystal River-an antagonist named Angel (Alfred Molina), a young con-artist calling herself Mrs Annabelle Bransford (Jodie Foster), and legendary lawman Marshal Zane Cooper (James Garner, who played Bret Maverick in the original TV series). The first two are also rival poker players. Maverick, Bransford and Cooper share a stagecoach (the driver of which dies at the reins at full gallop), agree to help a wagon train of migrant evangelist settlers who have been waylaid by ruffians (for a fee which Maverick in the end is too big-hearted to accept) and are headed-off by a troop of Indians led by "Joseph" (Graham Greene). Unknown to his companions, Joseph and Maverick are good friends, and Maverick allows himself to be "captured." Joseph is another one of his unreliable debtors, and in and around his tribal grounds they collaborate on a scheme to swindle a Russian Grand Duke. During this time, Angel has received a mysterious telegram ordering him to not allow Maverick to reach the poker game, and has also learned that Maverick had conned him in Crystal River. These scenes are some of the very few which do not involve Maverick directly. Angel catches up with Maverick after he has left Joseph's tribe, beats him up and attempts to hang him. Despite being tied to both a tree and to his horse, Maverick escapes and reaches the poker game-on a paddle steamer-safely. Bransford and Angel have also reached the game, and Cooper who is engaged to ensure the security of the game. After preliminary rounds, the four finalists are Maverick, Bransford, Angel, and the Commodore of the boat (James Coburn). Maverick almost fails to reach the final table by the 5:00am deadline, having had his stateroom door chained (by an unknown person) after a short tryst with Bransford. The game proceeds, with Bransford the first eliminated, and shortly thereafter a "fixed" hand is dealt to the three remaining players. The Commodore is given four 8s and Angel is given a low straight flush, whilst Maverick has the 10, Jack, Queen and King of Spades. The Commodore and Angel each bet "all in" (inferring that Maverick is the chip leader at this stage). Maverick observes the dealer bottom-dealing to the others, protests the conduct of the hand, and eventually accepts one card dealt by Angel and calls the bets without checking the card. It is, melodramatically, the Ace of Spades (Note that a 9 of Spades would also have won the hand for Maverick). An enraged Angel draws his gun but he, and his stooges in the audience, are gunned down in rapid succession by Cooper and Maverick (drawing one of Cooper's guns). Three plot twists follow Maverick's win: Firstly, Cooper steals the $500,000 prize money instead of presenting it to Maverick. Secondly, it is revealed that the Commodore and Cooper were secretly in cahoots on the theft and that Angel had actually been working for the Commodore. Thirdly, Maverick ambushes the two around a campfire and steals back the money. He leaves them with a single gun to settle their affairs. Cooper beats up the Commodore and angrily vows to wreak bloody vengeance on Maverick, even if it means hunting him to the ends of the earth. Later, Maverick is relaxing in a bath-house when Cooper finds him, and drops the facade to reveal (to the audience) that he is in fact Maverick's father. It is also revealed that the real conspiracy was between the two of them. Suddenly, however, Bransford enters the bath-house and robs Cooper and Maverick (whose relationship she had easily surmised). However, she only gets away with half of the money she had expected, as Maverick had hidden the rest in his boots. Maverick smiles and comments that it will be a lot of fun getting the rest of the money back from her.
tt0101393
Crime,Drama,Mystery
At a Chicago city firehouse in 1971, a young boy and his even younger brother are trying on a fireman's coat. The older boy, Steven McCaffrey, lectures his brother, Brian, on how to properly buckle the front so it won't open in a hazardous situation. Just then, the alarm goes off in the firehouse and their father rushes in, asking Brian if he wants to join them on the call. Brian does and his father takes him in the fire engine with him. He shows his son how to properly blow the engine's horn to clear the streets and intersections on their way to the site. When they arrive on site, the call is for an apartment building. Brian watches as his father quickly makes his way up to the top floor where the blaze is. He and his partner, John "Axe" Adcox, rescue a kid about Brian's age and give him to their cohorts waiting on a nearby ladder. McCaffrey and Axe continuing battling the fire when a gas line ruptures and the entire floor explodes, killing McCaffrey. Brian watches his father's helmet land in front of him on the street. Axe, pushed away from the explosion by McCaffrey, rushes out and hugs Brian, then appears to bark orders to the rest of the company. Brian is stunned and picks up his father's helmet just as a photographer snaps a picture of him. (The picture later becomes a prize-winning cover of Life magazine.) Twenty years later, in the present day, Brian is at a party being thrown at a local bar; he has just graduated from a firefighter's training academy and the class is celebrating. He and his friend, Tim, are also waiting for their station assignments. Tim is given Engine 17, the toughest company in the city. Brian's own assignment is elsewhere because he'd bribed the city fire chief. Brian doesn't want to work for 17 because his older brother, Steven, runs the house and the two have become estranged. At the party, Brian also meets up with his old girlfriend, Jennifer, who isn't very happy to see him; Brian has hardly made any effort to keep in touch with her or his family for several years. Tim interrupts them, saying that 17 has been sent on a nearby call and that they both should go and watch their comrades work. Moments before, after parking his Porsche in front of his house, a man named Seagrave is entering his house when he's consumed by a huge explosion that propels him back into the street and through the windshield of his own car. When Brian and time make it to the site, the fire is already out and Brian's brother and Axe are there, bragging about the completed job. Brian sees Seagrave, horribly burned and dead, still embedded in his windshield. Steven appears and tells Brian that he's talked to the fire chief and convinced him that Brian belongs at Company 17. Brian is flustered that his brother interfered with his station assignment. Meanwhile, Donald "Shadow" Rimgale, an arson inspector, arrives on site and begins to collect forensic evidence. When Steven asks him if he's found a cause, Rimgale smartly answers "Mice, with matches." Brian visits his sister-in-law, Helen, and his nephew. He also notices that Steven isn't home; Helen tells him they've been separated. Because he didn't keep in touch with anyone back home, Brian didn't know about their situation. He next goes to his father's fishing boat near the river, where Steven has been living since the separation. Steven is suspicious of Brian's return to firefighting and suggests that Brian won't stay in the job, much like his failure at several other career fields of the previous few years. Brian tells his brother he's wrong. The next day, Brian gets up early for work, however, his car won't start and he must run to 17's house. When he gets there, the company is already on their way out to a call. He jumps aboard Steven's engine and dresses inside, catching up with Axe, who had looked after the McCaffrey brothers after their father died. The company reaches the site, a dressmaker's factory. After Steven embarrassingly buckles Brian's fire coat for him, they go inside and begin to battle the fire, which turns out to be quite difficult; it seems to be "jumping floors". At one point, the floor collapses and the men have to save one of their buddies and pull him up safely. The team receives a call saying there are no other companies to help them out. Brian is helping Steven with his hose when he thinks he hears someone calling for help. He rushes into another room but is blown backward by a blast of fire. When the fire backdrafts, Brian sees someone lying unconscious nearby, whom he carries outside, only to find that it's a mannequin, not a real person. Later, while he vomits outside, Steven yells at Brian for wandering off. Back at the fire station, Brian and Tim, as new candidates (or "probies") are ordered to make lunch for the entire company. The company welcomes them both and plays a prank on Brian, using the mannequin he'd "rescued" from the building. At a party being thrown for the Chicago Fire Chief, Steven spots his wife with another man. A Chicago alderman, Swayzak, offers Brian a chance to work with Rimgale. Brian turns him down and finds out that his old girlfriend, Jennifer, works in the alderman's office. Steven grows increasingly jealous of his wife and also becomes quite drunk and starts a fight with the man. Brian tries to help and they're both ejected from the party. Brian takes Steven home and Steven, before passing out, tells Brian that fire itself will not kill him. Later, Brian and Steven respond to a fire raging in a slum tenement where they're told they'll find a trapped kid. The two rush into the building without waiting for backup. When they find the apartment where the child is trapped, Steven breaks the door down and rushes in. Brian hesitates and is blown back by an explosion of fire and air. Backup arrives and Steven saves the young boy. Later, the two talk on the street and argue about Steven's seemingly uncontrollable need to emulate their father which often gets him in trouble and risks the lives of his crew. Brian decides to leave Company 17, take Swayzak's offer and goes to work for Rimgale. Rimgale takes Brian out with him immediately to the parole hearing of a pyromaniac, Ronald. When Brian first meets Ronald, the man is excited, recognizing Brian from the cover photo of him from Life magazine. He also shares the story of Rimgale's nickname, "Shadow"; Rimgale had been burned badly in a fire started by Ronald years before and the blast from a small tub of phosphorus had thrown Rimgale's shadow on the wall (Rimgale still carries horrific scars on his back and side from the incident). At the parole hearing, Ronald says that his incarceration has reformed him and he's ready to rejoin society. Rimgale isn't convinced and interrupts the hearing to show Ronald a burned doll from one of his child victims. Ronald admits he'd like to burn the entire world and his parole is denied. At a city theatre, the proprietor, Donald Cosgrove, opens his office door and is killed by an escaping blast of heat. Company 17 responds, but most of the blast, a "backdraft" has burned out. Brian and Rimgale arrive to investigate the scene. Brian's former colleagues from 17 seem somewhat resentful that he's taken a desk job. Rimgale searches the proprietor's office and finds a clue behind an electrical socket in the wall. When they talk later with the county coroner, Brian and Rimgale are told that the accelerant from the fire was a chemical called trichtochlorate, traces of which were found on Cosgrove's corpse. Brian reunites with Jennifer and shows her around Rimgale's firehouse. The two climb onto the back of an engine and have sex, just as the company is called to a high-rise fire. Company 17 is also there. While inspecting the burning floors, Steven takes the opportunity to train Tim on breaking doors down with their axes. Tim forgets to check one of the doors for heat and is blown back by a blast of fire when he breaks it open. Another blast sets him on fire. By the time the rest of the company comes in with hoses, Tim is horrifically burned and taken away in an ambulance. At the hospital, Brian and Steven get into a fight when Brian suggests his brother's need for heroics caused Tim's injuries. Brian asks Jennifer to do some snooping in Swayzak's office for any evidence that could link the deaths of Seagrave & Cosgrove. Rimgale is convinced they were all victims of the same arsonist. Jennifer finds evidence that they were friends of Swayzak and were involved in a complicated fraud scam that forced the closure of firehouses throughout the city; the firehouses would later be turned into parks or community centers, costing firefighters their jobs and resources. Rimgale and Brian go to Swayzak's home. When they smell escaping natural gas, they search the house. Brian finds Swayzak unconscious and is attacked by the arsonist, who wears a ski cap. Brian wrestles with him and shoves him against a shorting electrical plug (the one meant to set the natural gas ablaze). Rimgale finds them and throws the man off Brian. The arsonist runs off. Brian and Rimgale pull Swayzak from the burning house just as it explodes. Rimgale lands on a wrought-iron railing and is impaled through his shoulder. While angrily recovering in the hospital, he charges Brian with continuing the investigation. Brian visits Ronald in prison to try and understand the psychology of the arsonist. Ronald gets Brian to admit that he'd always wanted to be a firefighter because of his father and his untimely death. Brian also admits that fire itself still scares him, much like it did the day he saw his father burn to death. Ronald suggests to Brian that the arsonist is likely a firefighter who has access to trichtochlorate. Brian suspects his brother and goes to his father's boat, finding cans of a solvent containing the chemical. Steven shows up and the two argue over Steven's responsibility in raising Brian and Brian's failure to be a firefighter. Steven counters, saying that he found the responsibility of taking care of Brian after the father died thrust unfairly upon him years before. Brian goes to 17's house and searches Steven's locker, finding nothing. As he closes it up, he sees Adcox, shirtless, in the locker room. He notices a strange burn on Adcox' back, shaped like an electrical socket. Brian realizes it was Axe that he fought in Swayzak's house and he is the arsonist. Outside, in an alley, Steven asks Brian if the arsonist is Adcox, not noticing Axe listening at the window above them. The company is called to a fire at a chemical factory and Brian joins them. A few blocks from the site, the truck Brian is riding in flips over in a minor auto accident and Brian must run to the factory. He finds Steven and Axe arguing on the roof; Axe explains that he was fed up with politicians closing down firehalls, reducing the number of firefighters in the city and placing the lives of the remaining fighters in danger due to downsizing. Axe's plan was to kill all the politicians responsible. While the three continue to debate Axe's actions, the roof of the building begins to collapse. All three run to the edges of the roof and Brian makes it to a fire escape. A blast of fire causes him to fall into a large elevator shaft that fills with water. A broken gas pipe throws fire in his direction but he is saved by Steven. As they walk out of the building, they are attacked by Axe. Axe and Steven seem ready to fight each other with their axes but Adcox breaks down. A blast from a few chemical barrels below them wrecks the catwalk they're standing on and they end up hanging from the twisted metal, with Steven holding on to Axe several stories above the inferno below. With Steven's hand slipping, Axe tells Steven to let him fall. Steven refuses and his hand slips. Axe is killed and Steven falls onto a pipe-railing, causing serious injury to his abdomen. Two of 17's other men rush into the room but lose their hose in another blast. Brian makes it down to the floor of the massive room and takes control of the hose, allowing the two men to reach Steven. Steven is proud that his brother has overcome his fear of fire and is bravely fighting the blaze. Steven is rushed to the hospital, with Brian at his side. On the way, Steven's condition worsens and he falls unconscious and dies. Before he dies, he implores Brian not to reveal that Axe was the arsonist so it won't taint the department. Following a traditional funeral procession through the city, Steven and Axe are buried with honors. Brian and Rimgale interrupt a press conference being held by Swayzak and present the evidence they've collected, stating that Swayzak engineered the downsizing of the Chicago fire department along with Cosgrove, Seagrave and others. Brian apologizes to Jennifer for bringing down her boss. Brian rejoins 17 and keeps the shield from his brother's helmet. A call comes up and Brian joins the company on the run. On the way, he helps a new candidate buckle his fire coat properly, much like his brother had done for him.
tt0088814
Animation,Action,Adventure
As the film starts, a voice-over explains the legend of the Black Cauldron: "Legend has it, in the mystic land of Prydain, there was once a king so cruel and so evil that even the Gods feared him. Since no prison could hold him, he was thrown alive into a crucible of molten iron. There his demonic spirit was captured in the form of a great, black cauldron. For uncounted centuries, the black cauldron lay hidden, waiting, while evil men searched for it, knowing whoever possessed it would have the power to resurrect an army of deathless warriors... and with them, rule the world..." On the small farm of Caer Dallben, Taran, a young boy relegated to the life of an "assistant pig keeper", longs for joining the war against the evil Horned King and becoming a hero despite the insistence of Dallben, his guardian, that "war is no game". On a nondescript morning, Hen Wen, the pig Taran looks after, seems to go crazy. Dallben explains that Hen Wen is a magical pig who can create visions using water, which Taran was previously unaware of. Using Hen Wen's powers, Dallben discovers that the Horned King is after the Black Cauldron and that he seeks to capture Hen Wen, and use her to find it. Realizing that Hen Wen simply cannot fall into the hands of the Horned King, Dallben orders Taran to leave the farm and take Hen Wen into hiding. The scene, then, shifts to the Horned King, who plans to resurrect a number of fallen warriors as an army of zombies known as the "Cauldron Born" in a plot to capture the Black Cauldron. Meanwhile, Taran starts daydreaming about being a warrior, but is shaken out of it when he sees that Hen Wen is gone. Taran looks for her in the forest, instead encountering a strange creature named Gurgi, who likes apples. Gurgi insists on being Taran's friend, but Taran is annoyed by Gurgi's mischievous behavior. In the midst of their confrontation, Taran hears a squeal and finds that Hen Wen is being chased by the Gwythaints, dragon-like creatures that serve the Horned King. Taran attempts to rescue her, but the Gwythaints carry her off. He follows them to the Horned King's dark castle. Determined to save Hen Wen, Taran heads for the castle, but the cowardly Gurgi elects to remain behind. Taran sneaks into the castle and finds his way to a banquet hall filled with the King's partying henchmen, apparently celebrating the capture of the pig. The festivity ends abruptly when the Horned King appears and Creeper, a creature that serves the King, order Hen Wen to be brought out. Creeper orders the pig to reveal the location of the Black Cauldron, but she refuses. Taran stumbles onto the scene and the King, realizing Taran is the owner of the pig, orders him to make Hen Wen reveal the location of the Black Cauldron. Taran refuses, but when the King orders for Hen Wen to be beheaded, he relents. Taran ends up spooked by the Horned King's appearance, and helps Hen Wen escape before being captured. Thrown into the dungeons, Taran is left to brood over his failure. Just then, a piece of the floor opens and a magic bauble pops out, followed by a princess. She introduces herself as Princess Eilonwy, and is disappointed when she finds out that Taran isn't a warrior. Nevertheless, they team up to escape the castle. While exploring the dungeon, they share their stories about how they got thrown in the dungeon. Eilonwy was captured because the Horned King thought her bauble could tell him where the Cauldron was, and like Taran, she was thrown into the dungeons when his plan failed. They come across a burial chamber, where Taran obtains a sword. They then enter a room where a minstrel is being chained by another henchman. The minstrel, Fflewddur Fflam, tries to convince the henchman to let him go. But everything he says is a lie: he is cursed, and every time he lies, one of the strings on his harp snaps. Taran and Eilonwy attempt to set him free, but then they hear more henchmen coming. They run for it, while Fflewddur tries to save himself. Taran and Eilonwy get separated. Suddenly, Taran runs into a guard wielding an axe. The guard attempts to kill Taran, but before he can strike, Taran pulls out his sword, Dyrnwyn, and uses it to block the axe. The sword magically damages the axe, and the horrified guard runs away. Excited over the magic sword, Taran plays with it for a while, but then Eilonwy shows up, and they continue onward. They run into more guards, and Taran deflects them with the magic sword. Meanwhile, Fflewddur has escaped the dungeon, but is being chased by a dog. Taran slows down the guards by slashing some wine barrels with the sword. Taran and Eilonwy finally make it to the entrance of the castle, only to find the drawbridge closed. Creeper and the other henchmen have them cornered, but then Taran uses the sword to cut the chain to the drawbridge, allowing it to fall down. Creeper and the guards stand back in fright, while Fflewddur bowls past them. Taran and Eilonwy make it past the closing gate, but Fflewddur barely makes it with his pants ripped, and together they escape into the forest. Back in the castle, Creeper nervously goes to the Horned King's throne room and informs his master of the pig-keeper's escape. He attempts to choke himself as punishment, but is surprised to find out his master likes the news: if Taran has escaped, he will find his pig, and then he can capture them both again. The King orders him to send the Gwythaints to follow the boy, which Creeper thankfully does. In the forest, Fflewddur is singing to the heroes (the only song in the film), while Eilonwy is sewing his pants. They are all very thankful that they made it out of the castle alive. But Taran starts to become arrogant and say that he wasn't afraid. He and Eilonwy get into an argument, wherein the Princess runs off crying. Taran storms off in the oppsite direction, ignoring Fflewddur's attempts to make peace. Taran goes to apologize to her, and she forgives him immediately, because they all need to work together to find the Cauldron before the Horned King does. Just then they hear Fflewddur yell for help. Taran draws his sword in case of danger, but sheaths it when he realizes that Fflewddur's assailant is none other than Gurgi. After an argument, Gurgi reveals that he knows where Hen Wen is, and the others follow him. They come to an enchanted whirlpool, and are sucked down. They find themselves in an underground universe peopled by pixies, and ruled by the kindly King Eidilleg. He does not like humans in his home; the whirlpool, maintained by the bad-tempered court workman Doli, is supposed to keep them out. Nevertheless, he helps them. He knows where the Black Cauldron is, and instructs Doli to take them to Morva, the land where it is hidden. He also has Hen Wen, and she and Taran are reunited. But Taran is afraid to take her to Morva; the King says that he will send her back to Dalban's farm. He then conjures up magic clouds to transport Doli and the travellers to Morva. The Cauldron, it turns out, is in a cottage governed by three witches: Orddu, Orgoch, and Orwen. They have a larder full of frogs. There is strong implication that they are humans who stole from the witches in the past, which are to be eaten. Orwen takes a fancy to Fflewddur, and will not allow him to be turned into a frog. The witches reveal that they never give anything away; they trade. Taran, seeing that they have nothing else of value to offer, trades his sword for the Cauldron. A storm blows up, and the heroes are transported outside. The earth shakes, and the Black Cauldron emerges from it. The witches, now in the form of clouds, inform the heroes that the Black Cauldron can never be destroyed, but only its evil powers can be stopped. A living being must climb into the cauldron of his own free will, however the good person shall never climb out alive. They then disappear, saying they always keep a bargain... Gurgi, in a rare burst of bravery, had agreed to jump into the cauldron, but on hearing that he will die, his courage fails him. Later, the heroes are sitting around a fire trying to figure out what to do with the Cauldron. Doli gets frustrated and disappears. Taran blurts out that he's nothing without the sword, but Eilonwy assures him that he is somebody; he just needs to believe in himself. Taran is about to reply, while Fflewddur and Gurgi look on with happy eyes, seeing that the pair are attracted to each other. Then Taran turns to all of them, saying they've all been good friends thus far. Just then, a cry is heard. The Gwythaints circle above their heads; they have found them! Gurgi sneaks to safety, but when the others try to make a run for it, they're stopped in their tracks by the Horned King's henchmen. Gurgi looks sadly at his captured friends. Back at the Horned King's castle, Creeper orders another cart to be taken into the castle. He, then, taunts the three captured friends while preparing the Cauldron for his master. The Horned King, then, enters, acknowledges the three heroes for finding the Cauldron for him, then prepares them for "what fate has in store for you...". He picks up a dead warrior, puts it in the Cauldron, and begins his great spell. The cauldron brings to life all the dead warriors in the castle and transforms them into the "Cauldron Born". All the Horned King's henchmen run away in fear. The three heroes begin to despair as now all hope seems lost. Creeper takes his master to the tallest tower so they can get a better view of the undead leaving the castle. Meanwhile, Gurgi sneaks into the castle, evading the horrifying soldiers brought to life by the Cauldron. He reaches Taran and the others, and unties everyone. Remembering the witches' advice, Taran makes up his mind then and there that he'll sacrifice himself to destroy the black magic. Eilonwy begs him not to, but is unable to stop him. Gurgi jumps in front of him, however, and insists that he sacrifice himself instead. He walks toward the Cauldron and says his final, desolate words: "Taran has many friends...Gurgi has no friends..." Taran tries to stop him, but Gurgi jumps into the Cauldron and destroys the black magic. Outside, Creeper and the Horned King watch in shock as their undead army falls and dies. Blaming Creeper for the screw-up, the King chokes his slave and decides to throw him into the cauldron to start the spell working again. Taran tells Eilonwy and Fflewddur to leave the castle while he attempts to save Gurgi. As the King and Creeper enter the chamber, they see Taran is free. Creeper blames Taran for the incident, and the King drops him and turns his anger on the boy: "You have interfered for the last time. Now, pig-keeper, you shall die!". He attempts to throw Taran into the Cauldron, but suddenly, the wind issuing from the cauldron turns on him, and he cannot escape. He screams in anger as he is violently sucked in. Once he's gone, Creeper begins to mourn for his master, but then realizes he is now free and will never be throttled again, and starts laughing. The Cauldron sinks into the ground and the castle begins to crumble. Taran finds his friends waiting for him. They escape in a longboat as the castle explodes and falls into the water. Creeper, still laughing, flies away on a Gwythaint. Taran and his friends have just made it to shore when the Cauldron rises from the water. The witches reappear, again in the form of clouds, decide the heroes have no more use for the Cauldron, and prepare to take it back. But Fflewddur reminds them that they always keep a bargain by trade. Orddu doesn't want to give up the sword, but Orda and Orwen do. Orwen gives it to Taran. Taran no longer wants the sword, but will trade it instead for Gurgi's life. Orddu deems it impossible, but when Fflewddur starts goading them, they take away the Cauldron and the sword and leave a lifeless Gurgi in the cauldron's place. The heroes look tearfully at Gurgi, and Taran picks him up to hold him. But suddenly, Gurgi reaches for munchies and crunchies, and everyone is ecstatic to see him alive again. Furthermore, he pushes Taran and Princess Eilonwy's heads together when they are staring at each other, and they share a kiss. They all head home together. Back at the farm, Dallben, Doli, and Hen Wen are all watching the heroes through a vision. They all agree that Taran did very well on his first adventure.
tt0107206
Action,Crime,Drama
Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is a Secret Service agent who is close to retirement age. When the story opens, he's waiting for a pickup from his new partner, Al D'Andrea (Dylan McDermott). They drive to a marina just outside of Washington DC to meet with a counterfeiter, Mendoza (Tobin Bell). Frank and Al are posing as buyers of false currency. Mendoza asks Al to board his yacht; after Al leaves, Mendoza reveals to Frank that he's been suspicious about Al, and figured out that Al is a Secret Service agent. When Frank boards the boat he sees that Mendoza's thugs have bound and gagged Al. Mendoza wants Frank to shoot Al as a test of loyalty. As Frank approaches, he hefts Mendoza's pistol, points it at Al's head and pulls the trigger. The pistol dry-fires and a thug slips a plastic bag over Al's head. Frank asks for his pistol back, IDs himself as an agent and shoots both of Mendoza's thugs. Mendoza tries to shoot Frank, but his weapon jams, and he is quickly captured. Frank later admits to Al that the pistol could have had at least one round in the chamber, an admission that Al is clearly shaken by. A few days later, Frank investigates a complaint from an elderly landlady who says that one of her tenants, Joseph McCrawley, has been acting mysteriously. When he enters the man's apartment, he finds paraphernalia related to several presidential assassinations, especially John F. Kennedy's. Frank was an agent assigned to Kennedy when he was assassinated in Dallas in 1963, and still feels remorseful that he didn't prevent it. A further search of the room reveals that McCrawley is a skilled machinist who builds model racing cars. What Frank doesn't see is that McCrawley, whose real name is Mitch Leary (John Malkovich), is watching him through binoculars from across the street. They quickly determine that the guy is using a phony name as the real Joseph McCrawley died many years ago. Al and Frank return to the apartment later to find that it's been emptied and that the shrine to the dead presidents has also vanished. A single picture remains, one of a much younger Frank serving on Kennedy's detail. Frank's face has been circled in red. Frank goes home that night, and receives a phone call from Leary. He tells Frank to call him "Booth" after Lincoln's assassin because the man had more "flair and panache", citing Booth's leap to the stage of the Ford Theatre when he killed Lincoln. Leary tells Frank he plans to assassinate the current president (Jim Curley) and hopes that Frank will be assigned to the case. Leary seems to have a deep admiration for Frank. While on the phone, Frank hears a fire engine passing by Leary's location. Suddenly, he hears the same fire engine rush past his apartment and through the phone line. He runs to the pay phone on corner near his building, and finds the receiver hanging off the hook, Leary having already vanished. Frank meets with the Secret Service's director, Sam Campagna (John Mahoney), and tells them he thinks Booth is definitely dangerous. He agrees to have himself and Al continue their investigation and also asks for his phone to be tapped. Frank has an adversarial relationship with a younger assistant director, Bill Watts (Gary Cole), who thinks Frank is a burnout. At the meeting, Frank also meets a female agent, Lilly Raines (Rene Russo), whom seems charmed by Frank but also sees through his tough-guy exterior. Later, Frank shares a drink with Sam and requests to be added to the current president's protection detail. Sam suggests he may be too old for the detail but agrees. Leary calls Frank again, still using the "Booth" name, telling him that he was watching him that day while Frank was running alongside the current president's limo and working crowd control. He also talks in great detail about Frank's history after the Kennedy assassination. Frank had become an alcoholic and his marriage had broken up. Frank checks with the men tapping his phone line and they tell him they've got a location on Leary. However, when the police raid the house, they find Leary has used a signal jammer to trace the call to a civilian home in nearby Virginia. Frank later takes Lilly out for ice cream at the Lincoln Memorial. Though Frank is charming, he still tells Lilly that he believes that female agents work in the Service simply because the President wishes to court the female vote throughout the country. Moments later he determines she may be infatuated with him because of a small gesture as she walks away. Meanwhile, Leary changes his facial hair and flies to Los Angeles. Using the alias "James Carney", he goes to a downtown bank to open up a new bank account in the name of a fictitious software corporation with himself as the wealthy CEO. While he talks to the account specialist, Pam Magnus, he offhandedly mentions that he's from Minneapolis, which just happens to be the same city that she's from. Though he's pleasant with her, Leary suspects she may interfere with his plans and he may have left enough of an impression on her that she'll remember him. So he follows her home and bluffs her into letting him into her house, and then kills her and her housemate by breaking their necks. Leary returns to Washington and engages Frank in another phone call. Frank becomes infuriated when Leary suggests that Kennedy had a suspicion he'd be assassinated and that he had a death wish. Leary also claims that Kennedy didn't care about the ramifications of his own assassination when he refused to have agents traveling closer to his motorcade in Dallas. The two men tracing the call trace Leary to a phone booth in Lafayette Square, just across the street from the Executive Office building. Everyone runs outside to the park, searching the area for their target. Frank spots a hippyish-looking man with long hair and instinctively knows it's "Booth". He runs after him, quickly becoming winded. Leary causes a minor fenderbender and is hit by another car; when he lands on the hood, he touches the windshield. He uses a bus as camouflage and runs off. Frank immediately orders the car impounded so they can lift fingerprints. When the FBI matches the prints, they discover that they belong to a former government agent. The information is not shared with either Frank or Al on the basis of secrecy. Frank charges Al with continuing the investigation while he works on protection in the Midwest and Western United States. At one stop Frank works outside in heavy rain and cold temperatures and comes down with a minor illness. Leary is present at an indoor rally in Chicago. He uses a pin to burst several balloons that the ill and feverish Frank mistakes for gunshots. He yells for the detail to escort the President from the room, causing a minor panic. The President resumes his address. Frank is subsequently reprimanded by the adversarial White House Chief of Staff Harry Sargent (Fred Dalton Thompson), who seems more concerned with the upcoming election than providing adequate security for the president. Frank returns to his DC home to recover from his illness. Al shows up and tells Frank that he'd made a connection between "Booth" and his model car hobby. Frank and Al go to Pasadena, California to check on the lead; they talk to a professor of design engineering who mentions that a year ago, he met a fellow model car designer who seemed friendly, but seemingly turned angry when the conversation turned to politics. He suggests that they talk to a man in Phoenix named Walter Wickland. Wickland, upon being shown the sketch, identifies Leary, who he hasn't seen in a year. Wickland reveals that Leary beat him up severely for allegedly ripping off one of his designs, enough that he is paralyzed and confined to a wheelchair, and he now carries a pistol around that he intends to use to defend himself if Leary ever returns. Frank and Al drive to Leary's address and break into the house, inadvertently crossing paths with CIA agent David Coppinger (Steve Railsback) and another agent who are pursuing Leary because of the fingerprints Frank turned up. A background check shows that Leary was a former CIA contractor, trained to be a wetwork specialist, but negative psychological screenings, combined with budget cuts, resulted in his dismissal from the agency. Leary took his dismissal as a personal insult and never was able to adjust to civilian life. For instance, when a friend of his stopped by his Phoenix place to convince him to get counseling, Leary responded by slitting his throat. Leary, meanwhile, goes out to a pond to test out a homemade gun he constructed of a plastic material. While he shoots it, a couple of hunters find him. He lets them try out his pistol; when one of them offers to buy it, he tells them he needs it to assassinate the President. The two hunters laugh at first and then realize Leary is serious. Leary coldly kills both men and leaves. Al drives Frank home one night and seems distraught. He tells Frank that he has recurring nightmares of the incident on the boat and of the plastic bag being placed over his head. He thinks that transferring off Frank's detail will be a better option. Frank tells Al to toughen up and that he needs him to help with the investigation. Al agrees but is still clearly traumatized. When Leary calls again Frank confronts him, telling he knows his name and that he's closing in. Frank also taunts Leary with the knowledge of Leary having killed his own friend. Leary insists that the CIA did not simply fire him, they sent his friend to eliminate him. They turned him into a psychotic killer, and now they want him dead because they "can't have monsters roaming the countryside." The tracing experts finally track Leary to an apartment in Northeast DC. The authorities move in as Al and Frank arrive, but Leary has already left in advance of the raid. Frank and Al spot Leary and chase him along several rooftops; in the process, Al falls behind Frank. Leary jumps a considerable distance from one building to another; when Frank follows, he misses the ledge and hangs off above an alley. Leary appears above him and tells Frank to take his hand or fall. While Frank holds on he draws his pistol and points it at Leary. Leary taunts Frank, telling him that he can shoot him and save the president, thereby falling to his death, or let Leary rescue him. Al arrives, wanting to shoot. Frank continues to point his pistol, seemingly resolved to shoot Leary; Leary deliberately bites down on the muzzle of Frank's pistol, then throws him to safety on a fire escape. Al yells for Leary to freeze and holds him for a few seconds, however, he becomes distracted and Leary fatally shoots Al. A search of Leary's apartment turns up a scrap of paper with the word "S.W. KELLUM LA" on it. It proves to be something of a dead end, with no person of that name in Los Angeles or Louisiana. Later, Frank rides the bus home, looking very distraught. He's at a bar when he gets another call from Leary, who again taunts Frank, saying he killed Al in self-defense. Frank ends the conversation, saying he'll desecrate Leary's grave after he catches and kills him. As Leary proceeds to alter his appearance again, Sam attempts to convince Sargent to cancel the President's upcoming visit to Los Angeles. Sargent refuses, as the President cannot afford to lose California's votes, but grudgingly agrees to upgrade security. However, while they are making preparations for the dinner party at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel, Frank mistakes an innocent bellboy for a security threat and roughs him up in full view of reporters. Sargent considers this the last straw, and Lilly is forced to remove Frank from the detail. Leary, resuming his alias as James Carney, meets the gentleman in charge of the dinner ceremony, Sanford Riggs (w/ whom he'd spoken previously), who gives him tickets to the dinner. Riggs & Leary are chatting in the hotel, when Frank calls Riggs over to ID some photos, Leary is unfazed. Lilly talks with Frank about his obsession with Leary and tells him he's not alone and should rely on his fellow agents more. He talks about his failure to protect JFK and how it made him feel. Lily takes his hand and they stand at a window looking out at the LA skyline. Frank talks to another agent who tells him a number to call and that he remembers it as "ukelele." When Frank goes to dial that number, he realizes it's awfully similar to S.W. Kellum. He dials the number and gets South West Savings and Loan, the bank where Leary set up his Carney ID. When he visits the bank, he's told about the murder of the account specialist. The other bank employees try to ascertain new accounts she was working on just prior to her murder and Frank asks them to fax him the list of names. Meanwhile, Leary enters the dining hall. The metal detector doesn't pick up the components of Leary's pistol and the bullets are hidden in Leary's rabbit's foot keychain, which is passed back to Leary around the detector. The President arrives while Leary assembles his composite plastic gun under the table, making small talk with the woman seated next to him. Frank is rushing to the hotel in a cab. When he arrives, there's a fax waiting for him with the new accounts from the bank; he matches the names against the list of contributors and finds James Carney. While Watts accosts him, he gets a seating chart and finds Leary, then rushes toward him just as Leary raises his pistol to shoot the president, arriving just in time to take the bullet. Chaos ensues as the President is spirited away, and Leary grabs a pistol from a nearby agent and takes Frank hostage, dragging him into a glass elevator. Frank is revealed to be wearing a bulletproof vest. Frank remembers that the microphone in his collar is still connected to Lilly's frequency. Leary points his gun at Frank, saying that he will not be taken alive, but he's taking Frank with him. Frank tells him to pull the trigger and get it over with, and Lilly correctly deduces that this is an instruction to her. Leary, thinking that Frank is talking to him, demands that Frank acknowledge that he gave him the new sense of purpose he has now. When Frank says to "aim high," Leary finally catches on, and ducks just as the snipers blow out the elevator windows. Frank and Leary fight, and snipers are not able to get a solid bead on either of them. Leary eventually loses his footing and ends up hanging off the railing, with Frank offering him a hand. Leary refuses, and lets himself drop a few dozen stories to his death. Frank, now hailed as a hero, announces his retirement from the Secret Service at the airport; he is too old to be running alongside limousines, and he cannot do undercover work now that his picture has been circulated on every newspaper in the country. Lilly and Frank return to Frank's apartment in D.C. to find a message on his answering machine from Leary. They ignore the message, opting for a quiet moment at the Lincoln Memorial's reflecting pool.
tt0098439
Action,Comedy,Crime
The film begins as Tango drives a late-model Cadillac convertible in pursuit of a tanker truck. His hair is neatly styled, and he is dressed in a three-piece suit. He cleverly stops the truck, and when the LA County authorities find only gasoline in the tank, he shoots the tank and cocaine pours out of the bullet hole. Meanwhile, Cash arrives at his apartment driving an old Corvette. His hair is long and shaggy, and he is dressed in jeans, a T-shirt, and a waist-length jacket. He is shot by an intruder, but is protected by a bullet-proof vest, and captures the shooter in a parking garage after a car chase. At the police station, Cash forces the shooter to tell him about a deal scheduled to take place that night. However, the "deal" is really a plan by Perret to frame Tango and Cash for murder. Tango and Cash separately go to an empty building, preceded by a man who is revealed later in the film to be Requin (Brion James), Perret's lead henchman. After surprising each other, the two detectives find a dead man with audio equipment hidden under his clothing, and a team of FBI agents swarms in. Wyler, the agent in charge, finds Cash's pistol on the floor and arrests both Cash and Tango. At their murder trial, the detectives are incriminated by an audio tape, secretly given to Wyler by Requin and verified in court by an audio expert, which appears to reveal them shooting the FBI agent after discussing a drug purchase. They plead "no contest" to a lesser charge in exchange for reduced sentences in a minimum-security prison, but are transported to a maximum-security prison to be housed with many of the criminals they arrested in the past. Once in prison, Tango and Cash are rousted from their bunks and tortured by Perret, Requin, and a gang of prisoners until Matt Sokowski, the assistant warden, rescues them. Sokowski recommends that they escape, and provides them with a plan, but Tango refuses to go along with it. When Cash tries to escape, he finds Sokowski murdered and is attacked by prisoners. Tango rescues him, and the two of them escape. Once outside the prison walls, Tango tells Cash to ask for his sister Katherine (Hatcher) at a dance club if he needs to contact him later, and they go separate ways. The detectives then visit the witnesses who framed them in court. Wyler admits to Tango that Requin was in charge of the setup, and Cash discovers that the audio expert made the incriminating tape himself. Cash finds Katherine at the dance club, working as an exotic dancer. Later that night, Tango and Cash are met at Katherine's house by Tango's commanding officer, who gives them Requin's address and tells them they have 24 hours to find out who Requin works for. Tango and Cash apprehend Requin and trick him into telling them Perret's name. Armed with a high-tech assault vehicle, they drive to Perret's headquarters, crash through the outer fence, destroy a fleet of armed trucks, hijack two heavy vehicles, crash into the main building, and kill several guards. At this point, Perret, who has kidnapped Katherine, starts a timer that will trigger the building's automatic self-destruct procedure. After killing Perret's core security personnel, Tango and Cash are confronted by Requin, who is holding Katherine at knifepoint but throws her aside to fight the detectives hand-to-hand with the help of another henchman. The detectives defeat the two criminals, and when Perret appears, holding a gun to Katherine's head, they kill him and leave with Katherine just before the building explodes. Afterward, they joke half-seriously about Cash's desire to date Katherine. The film ends with a newspaper headline celebrating their vindication.
tt0100114
Action,Adventure,Crime
In Colombia, DEA agent John Hatcher (Steven Seagal) drives to a meet with drug dealers. He plans to bust them for trafficking cocaine and has sent his partner Chico (Richard Delmonte) ahead to work out some of the details. They soon find themselves chasing one of the thugs (Danny Trejo) and catch him. Hatcher uses martial arts to take the guy down. When the thug won't tell him anything, he tapes his mouth shut and stuffs him in the trunk of their car. Hatcher meets with his contact in a sleazy stripper bar. He and Chico approach the back room of another contact, however one of the strippers opens fire on them, hitting Chico in the chest. Hatcher opens fire on her room, killing her and is horrified that he killed a woman. Hatcher returns to his home base of Chicago and visits a priest, confessing that he's dealt drugs, slept with female informants and that he shot the woman in what he thinks was cold blood. The priest tells him to take some time out and visit his family. John goes a step further, announcing to his commanding officer that he's going to retire. One night, John and his friend Max (David), a local high school football team's head coach, go to a bar. A gun fight breaks out between local drug dealers and a Jamaican gang called the Jamaican Posse, whose leader is a drug kingpin known as Screwface (Basil Wallace). Hatcher arrests one of Screwface's henchmen as the gunfight ends. Hatcher disappears from the scene before his CO shows up. The local detective on the scene thinks Hatcher was involved even though he'd fled. Nearby is a chalked voodoo symbol found by a professor named Leslie, who, along with Jamaican police investigator Charles (Tom Wright), determines that the symbol is Screwface's mark. The next day, Screwface and some of his henchmen get revenge by shooting up the house that John, his sister Melissa (Gracen), and Melissa's 12-year-old daughter Tracey (Harris) live in. Tracey gets shot and is hospitalized in critical condition. Hatcher encounters a gangster named Jimmy Fingers (DiBenedetto) and unsuccessfully tries to get him to tell him where Screwface might be and is forced to kill him. Another Jamaican named Nesta (Evans) arrives and Hatcher is able to sit him down but Nesta tells him to go after Screwface alone and jumps out the window to his death. When asked what happened, John finds the blood symbol used by the Posse during the murders vandalized on a carpet the next day and gets information about it from a Jamaican voodoo and gang expert named Leslie (Pacula) who works part time as a detective. Hatcher comes out of retirement to join Max in a battle against Screwface. While John is in the detective's store, Melissa makes a phone call to him but is cut short when Screwface and his men invade into Hatcher's home and attempts to murder Melissa but they leave upon Hatcher's arrival. The next day, Hatcher and Max get into a fight with three of Screwface's henchmen during a car chase. The fight moves on to a mall after the henchmen's car crashes and the duo kill all three men there. At the house of Leslie, Hatcher now realizes that the only way to stop the Jamaican Posse is to bring down Screwface. The two team up with Charles (Wright), a Jamaican Chicago police officer who has been trailing Screwface for five years (since 1985). They gather all the weaponry they need from a local weapon dealer; machine guns, submachine guns, pistols, Suppressors (silencers), remote control bombs and head for Kingston, Jamaica to find Screwface. Upon their arrival, Max and Charles ask everyone in the streets for the location of Screwface's hideout. They meet a local Jamaican who presents them a photo of a woman who knows Screwface. Hatcher meets her in a club and she gives the address of Screwface's mansion. The woman also gives Seagal's character a cryptic clue about Screwface, stating that "The secret of ScrewFace' power is that him have (sic) two heads and four eyes." At night, Hatcher, Max and Charles (disguised as a Posse) head for Screwface's mansion where there is a party. They secretly infiltrate the premises through a plantation area nearby. Hatcher guns down three of the henchmen at the balcony and goes to a nearby power station and plants a bomb. He infiltrates the inner grounds by climbing on the roofs while Max and Charles monitor the activities. Hatcher detonates the bomb causing the party to erupt in mayhem and gunfire. Hatcher enters the building and disposes every henchmen. He finds a sacrificial area and is captured by Screwface and his remaining henchmen. Hatcher is able to break free and kills every henchmen before fighting Screwface. During the swordfight, he kicks dust to Screwface and puts the sword to Screwface's genitals and decapitates him. Back in Chicago, Hatcher displays Screwface's severed head to the Jamaican Posse to get them to leave town. However, Screwface's identical twin brother, who runs the Chicago Posse crime business arrives and kills Charles making the gang and the audience believe that Screwface returned from the dead where in fact he actually committed all the Screwface crimes in Chicago, such as trying to murder Hatcher and his sister. The meeting erupts into chaos and the gang open fire on the duo. While Max holds off the henchmen in the gunfight, Hatcher kills more gang members before dealing with Screwface's brother in a swordfight. The fight moves to the nightclub where Hatcher kills Screwface's brother by gouging his eyes and blinding him, breaking his back and dropping him down an elevator shaft, in which he gets impaled upon landing. The gang looks at their dead boss and with both the Screwface's dead are presumed to be arrested at the film's ending. The final scene shows Hatcher carrying Charles' body with Max limping next to him who was shot in the leg before the film ends with Jimmy Cliff's John Crow in the credits.
tt0103893
Action,Comedy,Fantasy
"Since the dawn of man, the vampires have walked among us, killing and feeding. The only one with the strength or skill to stop their heinous evil is the slayer, she who bears the birthmark, the mark of the coven. Trained by the watcher, one slayer dies and the next is chosen." In 1992 Los Angeles, the new vampire slayer is cheerleader Buffy [Kristy Swanson]. Three bodies have been found with "really gross hickies" on their necks. It takes Merrick the Watcher [Donald Sutherland] some time, but he finally convinces Buffy that she is indeed the chosen one. When Merrick is killed by the master Lothos [Rutger Hauer] and Buffy links up with nerdy Pike [Luke Perry], she realizes how serious the vampire business really is. Things come to a head when vampires crash the senior prom.
tt0108525
Comedy,Music
Wayne's World 2, while retaining Wayne Campbell, Garth Algar, and Wayne's girlfriend Cassandra Wong, has a much more serious tone and outcome than the first Wayne's World movie. The movie opens with Wayne explaining that the course of the 'past year,' in this case the year between the two movies, has seen a lot of changes in his life. Although he still hosts his television show Wayne's World, he now lives in an apartment building which was once a doll factory. He is very proud of the fact that Cassandra's carrer is taking off and they are still very involved with each other, but talks about how people are telling him he needs to find focus in his life and 'grow up.' In a dream, Wayne sees singer Jim Morrison, who tells Wayne to put on a music festival in Aurora, Illinois. The festival itself makes Wayne go through the process of booking bands and getting permits for the event, although the event itself isn't truly the core to the story. The festival takes a back seat to Wayne's romance with Cassandra, who he comes to acknowledge he truly loves and wonders about their future together. Wayne, about half way through the film, has to prove himself to Mister Wong, Cassandra's father. In a satire of classic Kung Fu movies, Wayne and Mister Wong battle each other while dubbing themselves. Wayne proves himself to be a worthy warrior, but does not earn the complete respect of Mister Wong. Cassandra's carrer now centers around her producer, Bobby Kahn, played by actor Christpher Walken. Wayne is suspiscious of Cassandra and Bobby's relationship together, as it becomes obvious to Wayne that it sees that where ever Cassandra is Bobby is also. Wayne spies on Cassandra and later confronts her about what he witnessed, causing her to punch him in the face and seeminly ending their relationship. Wayne struggles with this throughout the rest of the movie, wanting to make peace with Cassandra and win her back. Wayne later discovers that Cassandra is about to be wed to Bobby, forcing Wayne to abandon his post on the day of his festival to stop the wedding and pronounce his love for Cassandra. At the very last minute, he interupts the wedding ceremony of Cassandra and Bobby, where he then discovers that Mister Wong had set up the wedding to gain his green card. Wayne and Cassandra then return to Wayne's music festival where she performs and Aerosmith arrives shortly thereafter. The movie ends immediately after the festival, leaving the viewer to believe that Wayne has finally 'grown up' into an 'adult' now that he has not only confirmed his love for Cassandra but managed to organize and run a music festival without forgetting what it means to 'have fun.' Garth becomes involved with a seemingly older woman in Wayne's World 2, who he later discovers is married and hisentiore relatinship with the woman was a sham to get back at her husband, who she wants dead. Garth's character hasn't seem to have grown or changed much from the first Wayne's World movie, however by the end of Wayne's World 2 it appears as if he has matured emotionally to where Wayne's character was at the end of the first Wayne's World movie, although his character and his problems never appear to have found resolution by the end of Wayne's World 2.
tt0095631
Action,Comedy,Crime
Jonathan "The Duke" Mardukas (Grodin) is an accountant who embezzled $15 million from Las Vegas gangster Jimmy Serrano (Dennis Farina) and skipped bail. He is hiding in New York when his Los Angeles bail bondsman, Eddie Moscone (Joe Pantoliano), hires bounty hunter Jack Walsh (De Niro) to bring the accountant in. To get the $100,000 bounty, Jack needs to get "The Duke" back to L.A. before midnight on Friday, or Eddie forfeits the $450,000 bail and faces bankruptcy. The FBI, led by Special Agent Alonzo Mosely (Yaphet Kotto), wants Mardukas under arrest to build their case against Serrano. Alonzo warns Jack not to interfere with his plans, but Jack, under the pretense of accepting, pays no attention, and instead pinches Mosely's identification. Serrano, meanwhile, suspects that Mardukas has access to financial information that could lead to his conviction. Additionally, that information would implicate Serrano and his ties to other mobsters, which could jeopardize his life if exposed. As a result, Serrano intends to have Mardukas killed before he can testify against him in open court. After apprehending Mardukas in Manhattan, Jack is unable to take him to L.A. by plane due to Mardukas' professed fear of flying, which gets them thrown off their transcontinental flight. The pair embark on a wild cross-country chase (with Mardukas even temporarily piloting a plane, proving that his fear of flying was a ruse), relying on various unreliable modes of transportation, all the while dodging the FBI and Serrano's henchmen Tony (Richard Foronjy) and Joey (Robert Miranda). Moscone also hires rival bounty hunter Marvin Dorfler (John Ashton) as insurance in case Jack is unable to deliver Mardukas, but offers him $25,000, claiming he offered the same to Walsh. Throughout their journey, Walsh and The Duke bicker constantly, due to the clash of Walsh's rough-hewn personality and Mardukas' habit of nagging. Much of the movie involves Mardukas' sincere effort to uncover the truth about his captor, a person he suspects is actually a decent man beneath his cynical and embittered exterior. He eventually learns that Jack was a former Chicago undercover detective who refused to go on the take of a heroin dealer he was building a case against. He was then drummed out of the force after being framed for heroin possession by corrupt colleagues and driven out of Chicago, his marriage ended and he became estranged from his family. His ex-wife ended up remarrying one of his colleagues, now a captain, whom Jack insinuates was one of the corrupt members of the force. Jack has not seen his daughter since she was a little girl, and has since then lost all faith in the law, explaining his profession as a bounty hunter. As the plot unfolds, it turns out that the heroin dealer responsible for Jack's framing was Jimmy Serrano himself. Jack, for his part, wants to see the job done so he can retire and open a coffee shop with his promised $100,000 bounty, aware that in doing so, he will most likely be helping Serrano avoid prison. He also has a keen sense of propriety and refuses a bribe from Mardukas, as well as a large cash offering from Serrano's camp in exchange for turning Mardukas over to them. After making it as far as Arizona, the two are chased by dozens of police cars. They narrowly dodge the police, but Mardukas is captured by Dorfler. Finally figuring out that Moscone cheated him and how much The Duke is actually worth, Dorfler decides to give him up to Tony and Joey for $1 million. However, Dorfler inadvertently reveals where he is keeping the fugitive, and is knocked unconscious. Mardukas is captured by Serrano's men, and Dorfler, defeated, decides to go home. Walsh, meanwhile, is finally found by Mosely and his men, and taken into custody. An enraged Walsh calls Moscone and furiously berates him for hiring Dorfler as insurance. Moscone, however, reveals that Dorfler is not delivering The Duke to him, and Walsh realizes that Dorfler has delivered Mardukas to Serrano. Walsh calls Serrano's men and tells them that Mardukas gave him computer disks with enough information to put Serrano away (earlier, Mardukas had informed Walsh that he intended to backup files on to disks but never did). Walsh threatens to turn the disks over to the FBI unless Serrano himself returns The Duke to him at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas. Walsh tells Mosely and the FBI of his plan to deliver Serrano to them (even though the disks to be used in the sting are blank, Serrano's taking possession of them would be enough to indict him for conspiring to destroy government evidence and obstruction of justice), but will only carry it out if he is allowed to return Mardukas to Moscone personally and collect his money. Mosely, since his primary target is Serrano, accepts Walsh's proposal. At the airport, Serrano and Walsh confront each other for the first time since Jack left Chicago. The exchange is interrupted by Dorfler, who sees the exchange going on, not knowing that the FBI are watching and waiting for Serrano to take possession of the disks. Jack, whose microphone wire gets knocked out by Dorfler, yells to the FBI that Serrano has the disks. The FBI move in, arresting Serrano, his men, and Dorfler. As bargained with Mosely, Jack takes the Duke back to Los Angeles. He calls Eddie Moscone and tells him he has Mardukas in L.A. before the deadline - but he is letting him go. Before Jack can leave, they exchange gifts - Jack hands The Duke his broken watch, and Mardukas hands Jack a money belt he had hidden on his person throughout the film, filled with $300,000 in $1,000 bills: he was planning on leaving before Jack showed up, so he didn't have time to use the money. The two part as friends. Mardukas then disappears, and Jack tries to get a cab. However, since the driver doesn't have change for a thousand dollar bill, he zips up his leather jacket and pulls up his collar, preparing to walk home.
tt0114781
Action,Thriller
Casey Ryback (Seagal) has retired from the Navy and is a chef at the Mile High Cafe in Denver, Colorado. Ryback is taking his estranged niece Sarah Ryback (played by a then-unknown Heigl) to Los Angeles to visit the grave of Ryback's brother, who was Sarah's father. They board a train traveling through the Rocky Mountains from Denver to Los Angeles. As the train proceeds through the Rockies, two people wave it down. The driver and an engineer step out and are killed. A group of mercenaries led by computer genius Travis Dane (Eric Bogosian) and mercenary leader Penn (McGill) hijack the train. Dane is a satellite programming expert who worked on a top secret satellite laser weapon called "Grazer One". Dane was fired and faked his death. They herd the passengers and staff into the last two train cars and cut the train's phone lines. Two of Dane's former Department of Defense colleagues are on board the train, hiding their romantic relationship that goes against DoD regulations. Dane has them brought to him and threatens to have one of his mercenaries insert a burning needle into their eye, causing it to explode, unless they give him the codes needed to take over Grazer One. They give him the codes and Dane has them killed. Middle Eastern terrorists have offered Dane one billion dollars to destroy the Eastern seaboard by using Grazer One to target a nuclear reactor located under the Pentagon. Dane blows up a Chinese chemical plant in order to demonstrate Grazer One's capabilities to his investors and, after one investor offers an additional 100 million dollars, Dane destroys an airliner carrying the investor's ex-wife. The US government cannot locate Dane's headquarters and cannot target Grazer One because Dane creates fifty "ghost satellites" to hide the location of the real Grazer One. When officials destroy what they think is Grazer One, it turns out that they destroyed the NSA's best intelligence satellite. As long as the train keeps moving, his location cannot be fixed. Ryback, who has discovered the plot, takes matters into his own hands. Ryback enlists an eager porter named Bobby Zachs (Morris Chestnut) to help him. He also sends a message to the owner of the Mile High Cafe, with whom is is friendly. Ryback kills the mercenaries one by one, including one of his former men (Peter Greene). After Penn takes Sarah as bait for Ryback, Ryback confronts Penn, who is aware of Ryback's military past. Ryback ultimately disarms and kills Penn by breaking his neck. He then finds Dane who is about to depart in a chopper hovering over the train. When Dane informs Ryback that there is no way to stop the satellite from destroying Washington, Ryback shoots him, the bullet destroying his computer and injuring and knocking Dane out a window, causing him to fall out of the train and off of a bridge. Control of the satellite is restored at the Pentagon and it is destroyed by remote control one second before it would have fired on the Pentagon. The train collides with a freight train carrying several gasoline tank cars, resulting in a massive explosion. Ryback escapes from the train by grabbing a rope ladder hanging from the chopper above. The bloodied Dane, who is revealed to have survived, has also caught the ladder and attempts to climb onto the helicopter while screaming for his life. Ryback slides the door shut, severing Dane's fingers and causing him to fall to his death. Ryback informs the Pentagon that the passengers are safe, as he previously detached the passenger section from the rest of the train. Ryback and Sarah pay their final respects at her father's gravestone.
tt0114168
Drama,Fantasy,Mystery
A young boy is discovered living in the basement of a house where an old woman has died. The boy, Jeremy Reed (Sean Patrick Flanery), has the name "Powder" because of his luminous white skin. It turns out that Powder has spent his whole life never leaving the house. The basement is fill wall to wall with books that he has not only read, but memorized every word. This is only the first hint at his incredible powers. Sheriff Barnum (Lance Henriksen) takes Powder to the local boys home until it can be determined if he might have other kin or what is to become of him. Powder is very unlike the other kids and becomes the object of their ridicule. But soon strange events begin to occur. It turns out that Powder can attract objects and bend them with his thoughts. He is able to conduct electrical energy around him. These actions makes other begin to fear him. Deputy Harley Duncan (Brandon Smith) is a macho man and expert deer hunter and he takes the boys on a deer hunt. Duncan never misses and sure enough he shoots a deer, but Powder grabs his hand and then touches the dying deer. Duncan can feel "the pain" of the deer dying. He is completely sickened by the event and gives away all his guns and will never hunt again. The one person who tries to help Powder is Jessie (Mary Steenburgen) and she arranges for him to take some aptitude and intelligence tests. After the tests, Powder comes into the room with the officials and they are all skeptical of him. He simply says to them that he knows they don't believe he could score so well without cheating. As he begins to leave the room, all the lights in the room explode. Sheriff Barnum's wife, Emma (Danette McMahon) is in a coma and the sheriff doesn't know what to do. Jessie asks Powder to go to her and see if he can help. Powder touches Emma and begins to share her thoughts with the sheriff. He tells the sheriff that she needs to go and he must say it's ok before she can. The sheriff breaks down and nods and his wife dies. It becomes increasing clear that Powder will never "fit in" and so he runs away and goes back to the house where he was raised. Jessie, Donald Ripley (Jeff Goldblum) and the Sheriff Barnum go after him. There is an approaching thunder storm and as they chase Powder into the field, the lightening strikes get closer and closer. Suddenly, Powder is hit by a strike and is vaporized into thin air. Suddenly the storm stops and all is quiet. Powder is gone.
tt0130018
Horror,Mystery
Julie James had just spent a harrowing summer running for her life and dealing with the brutal murders of Helen Shivers and Barry Cox, by a vengeful fisherman named Ben Willis. One year later, Julie has fled her hometown to attend college in Boston, and left the painful memories behind her. Karla Wilson (Brandy), Julies spunky friend and roommate, wins an all-expenses-paid Bahamas vacation for four on the Fourth of July weekend, if she can name the capital of Brazil. She answers "Rio", and is told that she is correct. Julie wants to invite her boyfriend Ray on the trip, but he declines. He's hurt by her refusal to visit him in Southport, where the murders took place the previous summer. Thus Julie, Karla, Tyrell, and their new friend Will Benson, head to the Bahamas. When they get there, they find that the other hotel guests are leaving because hurricane season has begun. Soon, several murders occur at the resort, and Julie is forced to tell the others about her past. Suspicion falls on the voodoo-practicing porter Estes, who is trying to protect them. It is revealed that the vacation was arranged especially for Julie, and Karla didn't really win anything because she answered the Brazil question incorrectly. Estes leads them to a graveyard site where Ben Willis' family is buried, and there is one tombstone that has Julies name, and the years written on it in blood, with an open hole, where Ben plans to dump her body in after he kills her. It turns out that another person of the Willis' family is alive. Will Benson is in fact Ben Willis' son, and he drags Julie away from the others after killing Estes, Tyrell and Nancy. Will takes Julie to his family's graveyard and introduces Julie to his father, Ben Willis. Julie didn't know Will was related to Ben Willis. The survivors attempt to hide in a small building, but this does not work. Ray arrives just as Ben catches up with Julie and Will. In the fight between Ray and Will, Ben accidentally stabs his son with his own hook. Then Ben Willis is shot with Ray's gun by Julie. Afterwards Ray and Julie are home, in their newly-purchased house. As Julie enters her bedroom and sits down on the bed, she looks in the mirror, leaning against the bottom part of her wall, and notices the fisherman under her bed. The film ends with Ben Willis grabbing Julie by the ankles and pulling her under her bed.
tt0113161
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
Chilli Palmer (John Travolta) is a loan shark living in Miami, Florida. When his New York based boss dies of a sudden heart attack, Palmer finds himself working for Ray 'Bones' Barboni (Dennis Farina) an old rival who hates him. Bones is upset with Palmer for not collecting a loan from dry cleaner Leo Devoe (David Paymer) who was recently killed in an airliner crash. Bones directs Palmer to get the money from Devoe's widow (Linda Hart). Visiting the widow, Palmer realizes that Devoe is not actually dead, but got off the plane at the last minute and has used the accident to fake his death to get out of the loan and, through his wife, collect a $300,000 life insurance settlement from the airline. Devoe has taken the money out of the state, but never sent for his wife. Angry, she lets Palmer know that he is in Las Vegas. Palmer travels to Vegas and meets with a casino chief who tells him that Devoe has managed to gamble his winnings up to $500,000 and has moved on to Los Angeles. The casino chief asks Palmer while he is in L.A. if he can visit low budget movie producer Harry Zimm (Gene Hackman) and remind Zimm that he owes the casino $150,000 for gambling debts. Palmer arrives in Los Angeles and traces Zimm to the house of his sometimes girlfriend, actress Karen Flores (Rene Russo). Late at night when Flores hears the TV playing downstairs she sends Zimm down to turn it off and he finds Palmer watching 'The Tonight Show' with David Letterman. Palmer delivers his reminder to Zimm about the casino debt and Zimm promises to pay. Palmer is a big film fan and engages Zimm in a conversation about his work eventually pitching him a story for a potential new film... which is a fictionalized version of his hunt for Devoe. Flores comes downstairs to find them talking over drinks and, less than happy with both, and throws them out. The film's action switches to the LA airport where gangster Bo Catlett (Delroy Lindo) is meeting a representative of a Columbian cartel, Yayo Portillo (Jacob Vargas) to buy a shipment of drugs. Catlett takes the drugs and gives Portillo the key to an airport locker where the $500,000 in cash is stowed. Portillo, suspecting a set up and that the locker is being watched by the Federal agents, does not go to the locker, but shows up at Catlett's mountainside house. Catlett shoots him and his body falls over the balcony down the mountainside. Catlett sends his bodyguard, Bear (James Gandolfini) a sometimes stunt man, to retrieve the key and hide the body. Meanwhile, Zimm tells Palmer about a movie he wants to produce, "Mr Lovejoy," which has what he thinks is an Oscar winning script. He can't produce it, however, because Catlett has already lent Zimm $150,000 to do a film called "Circus Freaks." Zimm can't return the money because he lost it at Vegas in attempt to gamble it up to $500,000, the amount he needs to buy the Lovejoy script from the late writer's wife Doris Saphron (Bette Midler). Palmer tells Zimm to let him handle the next meeting with Catlett and he will get Circus Freaks put off for a few months. Palmer will get the money from Devoe to finance Mr. Lovejoy. Zimm gets nervous in the meeting with Catlett and Catlett's tough subordinate Ronnie Wingate (Jon Gries). Zimm screws it up so that Catlett finds out about the valuable script and wants a piece of the production. He even offers to give Zimm $500,000 for the picture and suggests he send Palmer to get it from a locker at the airport. Palmer goes to the airport and senses a setup. He tests what is going on by seeming to open the locker with the money when actually he opens the locker next to it. He is grabbed by federal agents, but then released when they realize that they have made a mistake. Afterward, Bear confronts Palmer in the parking lot to get the key back, but is outmatched by Palmer who levels him with a few blows. As Bear recovers Palmer asks him about his stunt work and flatters him by knowing about the movies hes been in. Palmer mentions that he thinks Bear can do a lot better than working for Catlett. The key to making Mr. Lovejoy a success is to get star Martin Weir (Danny DeVito) to sign on. Flores is Weir's ex-wife and still has a good relationship with him. Flores starts to become romantically involved with Palmer and helps him get access to Weir. Palmer and Flores visit Weir at his Hollywood house where as it turns out Weir's much younger and current girlfriend is rock star Nicki (Renee Props) an old friend of Palmer's from Miami. Soon Palmer, who is familiar with Weir's work and flatters him, manages to talk him into signing on for the picture. Palmer also interests Weir in playing the fictional version of himself in the story he is developing. Palmer tracks down Devoe and takes $310,000 of the $500,000 leaving him with just his Vegas winnings. Devoe complains, but Palmer tells him if Bones had found him instead Bones would have taken all the money and killed him. Meanwhile, Bones has learned of the money Devoe has scammed from the airline. He comes to LA when Zimm foolishly contacts him and tries to get him to invest in his film. A meeting between the two doesn't go well and it ends up with Bones brutally beating Zimm up so that he has to go the hospital in a cast and head brace. At the same meeting Wingate appears and is shot by Bones, who then sets it up to make it look like Zimm killed Wingate in self defense. The fact that Yayo has disappeared along with $500,000 has brought Colombia drug lord Mr. Escobar (Miguel Sandoval) to L.A. with two goons. Though Catlett denies knowing what happened to Yayo or the money, it is clear that Escobar holds Catlett responsible giving him just a couple of days to find both of them or there will be fatal consequences. Desperate, Catlett confronts Palmer to get Devoe's money, kidnapping Flores and taking her to his house until the cash is delivered. Palmer arrives at the house to rescue Flores. Catlett plans to take the money and kill them both, but with Bear's help (Bear has secretly switched sides), Palmer turns the tables on Catlett and sends him flying over the balcony to his death. Something Catlett had planned for Palmer. Bones finally catches up with Palmer at his hotel room and demands Devoe's money. Finding the airport locker key in Palmer's coat, Bones assumes that Palmer has hid the money at the airport. When Bones goes to the airport and opens the locker we see the federal agents close around him... The scene suddenly switches to an airport set at a movie studio. A voice addresses Bones and when he turns around we see that the character is now portrayed by Harvey Keitel. Threatening him is Weir playing the fictional version of Palmer. Weir screws up the shot and as the movie company breaks for lunch we see that Penny Marshall is the director and Bear a technical consultant with Zimm producing and Palmer and Flores as executive producers. There is a long helicopter pull out shot from the studio and the credits roll.
tt0120324
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Hank Mitchell is an ordinary guy who works at a small town feed store. His wife Sarah is expecting, and life is good. One day, Hank goes out with his brother Jacob, a simple loser, and Jacob's friend Lou, the town drunk. Hank and Jacob visit their father's grave, and on the way home a fox runs in front of Jacob's truck, causing them to wreck. Lou insists that the three pursue the fox into the woods to kill it. The three men get into the woods and get to talking. It is clear that Lou resents Hank, accusing him of "putting on airs." Just then, the men discover a crashed plane. Inside is a dead body with no ID and a bag containing several million dollars in cash. Hank wants to call the police, but Lou insists that the three split the money. Hank is reluctant, afraid that they will simply all get in trouble. He finally agrees on the condition that he be allowed to keep the money until spring, and if no one comes looking for it, they will split it and leave town. They bundle up the money and bring it to Jacob's truck. At that point they are approached by Sheriff Jenkins, who just stops to chat. Jacob tells the sheriff that they heard a plane in the distance as Hank nervously excuses themselves. Hank is furious at Jacob and Lou, who thought they could mention the plane to the sheriff in order to absolve themselves of suspicion in the event that the plane is found. Hank takes Lou home to his wife Nancy. They agree that they will keep it a secret from their wives. However, Hank goes home and immediately shows Sarah the money. She brainstorms and suggests that Hank and Jacob return a paltry sum of the money to the plane, so that if it is found, people may not look for the rest. The next day Hank and Jacob (without Lou's knowledge) travel to the plane to return some of the money. Jacob runs into Dwight Stephanson, an old man on a snowmobile. Jacob panics and hits Dwight over the head, presumably killing him. Hank takes the body out to conceal it, but Dwight wakes up. Hank then smothers him in order to protect his brother. Jacob then decides he wants to confess to the murder, but Hank notifies him that he was the one who actually killed Dwight. They load Dwight's body onto the snowmobile and drive it off a bridge, concealing the crime. Jacob brings Hank out to the old family farm. Jacob suggests that when they can spend the money that he should buy the old farm and run it. Hank scoffs, saying that Jacob's idea not only breaks their plan but that Jacob has no clue how to run a farm. Jacob tells Hank that the only reason the family lost the farm was that their father spent his money on Hank's college education. Meanwhile, Sarah has done research and concludes that the money they found was money from a kidnapping, and not a drug deal as they had originally assumed. This makes Hank all the more nervous, especially as one of the kidnappers would still be on the loose. Later, Lou comes to Hank and asks for his share of the money. Hank lies and tells him that it is in a storage locker far out of town. Lou reveals that Jacob told him about Dwight's murder, and threatens to tell the sheriff if Hank doesn't hand over the money. Sarah gives birth to her baby. She then gives Hank another idea: go out with Lou and Jacob and goad Lou into falsely confessing to Dwight's murder, recording the "confession" on tape. Hank asks Jacob to go along with it, but Jacob is very reluctant to betray his only friend. Hank promises Jacob that if he helps, that they can buy the family farm back. Hank and Sarah have Jacob over for dinner. Hank and Jacob talk about their father, with Jacob revealing that their father didn't die in an accident, but committed suicide so the family could have the insurance money. Their family apparently has a history of doing extreme things for money. The next night, Hank and Jacob take Lou out, supposedly to celebrate splitting up the money. Lou acts friendly to Hank but is obviously still resentful. Jacob is quiet and clearly angry with Hank for making him assist with this plan. They go to Lou's house where the men continue their talk. When Lou leaves the living room, Hank tells Jacob to goad Lou into confessing. Jacob gets angry at Hank. When Lou returns, Jacob belittles Hank, much to Lou's amusement. Suddenly, Jacob suggests that the two roleplay Hank's confession. Lou drunkenly goes along with this, saying that he killed Dwight. Hank draws the tape recorder and plays back the false confession. Lou argues that no one will ever believe it. Hank says that Lou is the town drunk and a loser, while Hank is respected, so everyone will believe him. Lou grabs his shotgun and holds it to Hank, demanding the tape. Jacob runs to his truck and grabs his rifle. Lou's wife Nancy comes downstairs and begs Lou to stop. Lou fires a shot just over Hank's head, and appears to be ready to kill Hank. Just then, Jacob shoots Lou in the head, killing him. Nancy is horrified. Hank tries to calm her down, but she grabs Lou's shotgun off the floor. Hank grabs it away from her, but she then runs into the kitchen and gets a pistol. She fires at Hank but he shoots back and kills her. Hank convinces a very distressed Jacob to tell the police that the married couple had a domestic dispute where Lou shot Nancy, forcing Jacob to kill Lou. Jacob agrees, and the two men get away once again. A while later, Sheriff Jenkins shows up at Hank's house during the night. Hank thinks he has been caught, but it turns out that the sheriff picked up Jacob drunk at Lou's house. Hank has Jacob in, who is clearly distraught about the violent turn their lives have taken. Later, Sheriff Jenkins calls Hank over to his office, where he introduces FBI agent Neil Baxter. Baxter tells him that he is searching for a lost plane, and since Jacob mentioned the plane to Sheriff Jenkins earlier on, they wanted to know if they could help with the search. Hank nervously agrees. At home, Hank tells Sarah of this new development. She is certain that Baxter is actually one of the kidnappers. Hank says that he is going to burn the money, but she demands that he doesn't. She names all of the things that they could do with the money and how life would be miserable if they didn't have it. Hank bitterly agrees not to burn it. Hank shows up at the sheriff's office to accompany Jenkins and Baxter on a search. Jacob is a no show. In the office, Sarah calls and tells Hank that she checked with the FBI and there is no agent Baxter. She advises Hank to flee as Baxter will likely kill them both when he finds the plane. Hank stalls for time and grabs a gun from Jenkins' gun cabinet, along with a variety of shells that may or may not fit. They get to the woods. Jacob arrives, saying that he spoke to Sarah on the phone. The sheriff gives Hank a whistle and says that if they find the plane they should fire a shot or blow the whistle and converge. They all split up into the woods, but Jenkins finds the plane and fires a few shots. Hank panics and runs towards the plane, screaming at Jenkins to watch out for Baxter. Just then, Baxter shoots and kills Jenkins. He turns to Hank and demands his money. He forces Hank into the plane to retrieve it. In the plane, Hank struggles to load the pistol. Most of the shells he grabbed don't fit. Finally, one slides into the chamber. He comes out of the plane with the small sum he returned earlier. Baxter looks through it as Hank draws his pistol. Baxter surrenders, but Hank shoots him dead anyway. Jacob arrives and surveys the bodies. Hank starts to concoct another lie, but Jacob says he has had enough. He begs Hank to kill him and frame Baxter for it, or else he will tell the police the entire real truth. Hank tearfully pulls the trigger on Jacob. Hank is taken to the sheriff's office and interviewed by the FBI. They tell him that some of the money in the plane was marked. Hank now knows that the money is useless, since he would quickly be caught spending it. Sarah begs him to keep it anyway, but he burns it in his fireplace. Hank tells us in voiceover that he has tried to go on with life as if nothing ever happened, but that the murderous events constantly haunt him.
tt0120902
Drama,Mystery,Sci-Fi
The film opens in prehistoric times in a wordless sequence. A Neanderthal man stumbles upon what appears to be a large, primal, vicious alien in a cave (although the camera work uses zooms and flash-edits to keep the creature from being visualized fully). The two fight, and the caveman wins, stabbing the alien to death. However, fans of the show will recognize the black oil as it bleeds from the alien's wounds and soaks into the Neanderthal. After a fade to modern-day small-town Texas, a little boy (Lucas Black) falls down a hole in his back yard, and finds a human skull. As he picks it up, black oil seeps out from the ground beneath his feet, and black slivers move up his legs until they reach his head - his eyes go black. Shortly afterward, a team of firemen descend to rescue him. They are presumably lost to the same fate as the boy. In the summer of 1998, at the end of the show's fifth season, the X-Files were shut down, and Fox Mulder and Dana Scully were assigned to other projects. They are first seen assisting Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Darius Michaud (Terry O'Quinn), and his FBI team investigating a bomb threat to a Federal building in Dallas, Texas. When Mulder separates from the team to scout out the building across the street, he discovers the bomb in a first-floor vending machine. While Michaud remains to disarm the bomb, Mulder and Scully are able to evacuate the building and prevent hundreds of casualties before it explodes. It becomes clear to the viewer, (but not the agents,) that Michaud is making no effort to disarm the bomb, which ultimately explodes.(Several media commentators noted parallels between this and the real-life 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing.)[1][2] Mulder and Scully return to Washington, D.C., but instead of commending their roles in preventing the deaths of hundreds, they are instead chastised because four victims were still in the building: three firemen, and one little boy. They are both scheduled separate hearings in which their job performance will be evaluated. That evening, Mulder encounters a paranoid doctor, Alvin Kurtzweil (Martin Landau), who explains that the four victims were already dead, and the bomb was allowed to detonate to destroy the evidence as to how they died. Mulder enlists Scully to travel with him to the morgue to examine the bodies. They learn that the bodies have suffered a complete cellular breakdown which could not have been caused by the bomb. Mulder leaves Scully in the morgue to fly back to Dallas to investigate evidence left from the explosion. He urges Scully to join him, and she shares evidence that the bodies were infected with an alien virus. They travel to the boy's home and find a brand-new park in place of the hole in which he fell. Unsure what to do next, they follow a team of tanker trucks to a massive cornfield surrounding two bright, glowing domes. When they infiltrate the domes, they find simply a large empty space. However, grates on the floor open up, and a massive swarm of thousands of bees chase the agents into the cornfield. Soon helicopters fly overhead, and the two make a harrowing escape back to Washington. Upon their return, Mulder, finding the evidence disappearing rapidly, unsuccessfully seeks help from Kurtzweil, while Scully attends her performance hearing, and learns that she is being transferred to Salt Lake City, Utah. She informs Mulder that she would rather resign from the FBI than be transferred. Mulder is devastated at the thought of not having Scully as a partner to help him uncover the truth, telling her, "I don't know if I want to do this alone. I don't know if I even can. And if I quit now, they win." The two have a tender moment (they lean towards each other, as though to kiss), until she is stung by a bee which had lodged itself under her shirt collar. She has an adverse reaction, and Mulder calls for emergency help. However, when an ambulance arrives to transport her, the driver shoots Mulder in the head, and whisks Scully to an undisclosed location. The real ambulance pulls to the scene moments later as the scene fades to black. Mulder awakens in a hospital (the bullet grazed his temple), and, with the help of The Lone Gunmen, sneaks out of the hospital. He is accosted by The Well-Manicured Man, who gives him Scully's location in Antarctica, along with a weak vaccine to combat the virus she is infected with. The Well-Manicured Man then kills his driver and himself before his betrayal of the Syndicate can be discovered. Mulder journeys to Antarctica to save Scully, in the process discovering a secret lab run by the Cigarette-Smoking Man and his colleague Strughold. The lab is destroyed just after they escape to the surface, when the alien ship lying dormant underneath comes back to life and leaves its underground port, launching into the sky. Scully is unconscious while the ship flies directly overhead, and Mulder wakes her in time to allow her a hazy view of the gray ship disappearing into gray clouds; it is unclear whether Scully, in her weakened state, discerned anything. Later, Mulder and Scully attend a hearing where their testimony is routinely ignored, and the evidence covered up. The only remaining proof of the whole ordeal is the bee that stung Scully, collected by The Lone Gunmen. She hands it over, noting that the FBI does not currently have an investigative unit qualified to pursue the evidence at hand. Later, on a bench along The Mall, Mulder is appalled by the media cover-up of the entire incident, and tries to persuade Scully to leave his crusade. Scully refuses, noting that "if I quit now, they win." At another crop outpost in Tunisia, Strughold is given a telegram by the Cigarette-Smoking Man; the telegram informs them that The X-Files have been reopened.
tt0325258
Comedy
If you know the book that states that we learned everything in kindergarten, then you will relate to the theme of this comedy. David Spade plays a former child star of the 70s, Dickie Roberts, who is now 35 and parking cars. Dickie wants to be in show biz again so bad that he will do anything. Dickie auditions for a role as a normal guy in a new Rob Reiner film. Rob says he would give him the part, `but', there is one big problem, Dickie doesn't know what `normal is', because as a child star, he skipped his childhood. Dickie hires a normal family for $20,000 to help him experience for the first time the things in everyday life, that he should have learn while growing up, such as riding a bike, sliding on the water slide, living in a tree house, etc. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0117438
Action,Crime,Thriller
This movie begins with airline owner Tom Mullen (Mel Gibson) hosting a party at his swank New York City apartment. The party is being held to unveil his latest commercial which gives background information on how Tom became a self-made multi-millionaire airline entrepreneur. Interspersed with the scene is another scene of people preparing what appears to be a kidnappers lair designed to hold a hostage. The next scene shows Tom with his wife Kate (Rene Russo) and his son Sean (Brawley Nolte) in central park attending a science fair that Kate is a judge of. During this scene Tom's son Sean wanders away and although not shown, he is snatched and put in a white van. Tom and Kate quickly realize their son is missing and frantically begin to search for him. The next scene has them at their apartment, receiving a phone call telling them to check their e-mail. Their e-mail has a message with a video attachment of their son, blindfolded and chained to a bed (in the kidnappers lair we previously saw being made ready). A digitally-altered voice demands a ransom of $2 million for Sean's return. The kidnapper also states that noone is to be told of this: Police, FBI, or Media outlets. Even though the message said not to, Tom and Kate decide that someone must be alerted. They call up the FBI who quickly set up operations at the apartment, led by Agent Lonnie Hawkins (Delroy Lindo). Hawkins asks if Tom and Kate want to negotiate or give in to the ransom demands, and finds that the two already have two suitcases all prepared for a hand-off, awaiting further instructions from the kidnappers. The scene then cuts to a small convenience store, where we see NYC Police Detective Jimmy Shaker (Gary Sinise) conducting an investigation. As he continues listening, he notices a suspicious character (Donnie Wahlberg) coming into the store buying kid's cereal and some video tapes. The next scene shows Jimmy tailing the man to the kidnapper's hideout. Sneaking in, we see him find the locked room with Sean inside, and then see him go over to the man (named Cubby), putting a gun to his head. However, instead of arresting the man, Shaker tells him that his purchase could have tipped the Police off to their operation. It is now clear to the audience that Jimmy is running the kidnapping of Sean Mullen. Back at Tom's penthouse, he confesses to Hawkins that a former union head of the machinist union may have had an involvement with the kidnapping of his son. Tom confides that he bribed the union president to call off a strike and the president went to jail while Tom escaped prosecution. Hawkins arranges a jailhouse meeting between Tom and the union leader in prison, but it is apparent from the meeting that the former union president had nothing to do with the kidnapping. Shortly thereafter, the kidnapper calls with instructions regarding the drop-off of the ransom money. While on the phone, the FBI hit a major snag when they are unable to get a lock on the kidnapper's location due to technical scrambling on the kidnapper's part. The FBI suggests that their 'double' for Tom make the drop, but Tom insists he do it himself. He is also set up with a wire to record any conversations. Tom reaches a specific street location, and his car's cellular phone then directs him to a gym. Tom is then instructed to take the money with him, and dive into the gym's swimming pool to retrieve a locker-room key. This move causes the wire on Tom to short-circuit, destroying the FBI's planted mechanism. Tom then finds the locker, and a walkie-talkie, which instructs him to put on some clothes provided in the locker, and put the money in two large duffel bags before he heads to a parked car outside to drive to the drop-off point. This leaves the suitcases in the gym, causing the FBI to question why the money hasn't moved. Tom drives on as afternoon becomes evening. Over the walkie-talkie, the kidnapper derides Tom that he seems to have no problems with buying his way out of tight situations (such as the one with the union leader). When it seems that none of Tom's questions or requests to speak to his son are being met, he pulls off the side of the road. After awhile, the voice on the walkie grows fainter, and Tom now realizes that the kidnapper was in another vehicle close to his. Pulling back onto the road, the signal grows stronger, and the kidnapper instructs Tom to turn off towards an upcoming rock quarry. Here, he will turn over the money and receive an address to go to next. Arriving at the quarry, Cubby shows up in a mask, demanding the money. However, when Tom asks for the address, Cubby does not do this and struggles for the money. Suddenly, two FBI helicopters appear, and Cubby grabs the money and rushes off on a 4-wheel quad-vehicle. The FBI chase him down, with Cubby firing back at them. The FBI then take a well-placed shot that hits Cubby in the neck, causing him to fall of the quad-bike. Tom goes over hoping this person will reveal where his son is, but the wound has rendered Cubby unable to speak, and he dies shortly thereafter. The next scene shows a furious Tom back at his home, blaming the FBI for killing the only known link to his son. However, Hawkins explains that there may be a 'silver lining' to what happened. It is known that Cubby is a petty thief, who was also in league with his brother, Clark Barnes (Liev Schreiber). The FBI believes if they can locate Clark, they may still be able to save Sean. Back at the kidnappers residence, Clark is furious over the death of his younger brother. He and Jimmy's wife Maris (Lili Taylor) are in total agreement to simply kill Sean and leave. However, Jimmy angrily reprimands both that the plan for the ransom is still going to happen. Back at Tom's penthouse, the media have gotten word of the drop-off and Sean's kidnapping, and details are now being televised on television. Jimmy makes another digitally-altered call to Tom, giving him new instructions on where to drop off the money this time. After using the FBI's double to throw off the media, Tom attempts to follow the instructions. However, after listening to the kidnapper's instructions, Tom changes his mind. He then informs the kidnapper to turn to the local Channel 5 news and watch it for the next few hours, before disconnecting the call. Tom then goes to the Channel 5 news station where their broadcast is interrupted for a special report from Tom. Seated behind a desk, with the $2 million ransom laid out around him, Tom then delivers a message to the kidnapper: He will not pay the ransom. Instead, he has decided to use the ransom money as a reward for information leading to the arrest or death of the kidnapper. Tom claims that the kidnapper will never get his ransom money, and will lift the reward if his son is let free. Tom goes back to his shocked wife and agent Hawkins, who have never heard of such a tactic. Tom is able to convince his wife that this is the best strategy to get their son back. He is convinced that based on what he experienced at the first drop - the kidnappers plan on killing Sean when they get paid. Meanwhile back at the kidnappers house, Jimmy is losing control of his crew, who now want to dispose of Sean more than ever now that a bounty has been laid on their heads. Jimmy then sets up a new plan in hopes to rein in Tom's plan. A note is made addressing Kate, with the stipulation that she appear at a renovated Church at 2am without her husband's knowledge. Kate goes, but is soon beaten by Jimmy, who has his face masked. Jimmy threatens to gut Sean unless his ransom demands are met, and leaves Kate shaken, along with Sean's shirt covered in blood stains. Coming back to her home, Kate is obviously shaken up and her faith in Tom's plan begins to falter. Hawkins plays on that, attempting to create a rift so that the ransom is paid - this course of action he thinks has the highest probability for safe recovery of Sean. However, Tom has other ideas. Leaving his apartment building, he walks right out into the midst of the media gathered on his doorstep, and reports that he is now increasing the reward to $4 million. Jimmy then calls up Tom again, allowing Sean to speak a few words, and then demanding that Tom pay the ransom. However, neither man is willing to give the other the edge, and a shouting match ensues before the voice on the other end of the line says he'll kill Sean now, and immediately a gunshot is heard! The line cuts off, and Tom and Kate fear the worst (unknown to them, Jimmy aimed at a nearby wall, the shot attempting to bluff Tom and Kate). Back near Jimmy's place, the plan appears to have fallen apart. Jimmy goes to a nearby laundromat to think, as nearby, Clark and the technical specialist they hired named Miles (Evan Handler) load their white van to leave. Back in the house, Maris contemplates killing Sean again. Jimmy then formulates a way to 'salvage' the situation. Calling in on his walkie-talkie, he reports that he has come across some suspects, and then goes outside, attempting to 'arrest' Miles and Clark. The two attempt to drive off, but not before Jimmy kills both of them. Planting a weapon on Miles, Jimmy is then caught off-guard when Maris emerges from the house, shooting him. Though it pains him to do so, Jimmy kills Maris in order to make his plan work. Staggering back into the house, Jimmy plants himself next to Sean's bedside, radioing in that he has found the kidnappers' lair and Sean. Tom and Kate are soon after alerted to the discovery, and are reunited with their son. As Jimmy is loaded onto an ambulance, Tom thanks him for saving his son's life. Over the course of the next few days, Jimmy is hailed as a hero by his peers and the public. Meanwhile, at the Mullens', Sean is still having trouble readjusting after his kidnapping. He is scared to be left in the dark, and his eyes have not yet readjusted back to natural light after having been blindfolded during almost the entire kidnapping. A couple days afterwards, Jimmy shows up at Tom's penthouse, asking if he can claim the $4 million reward. Tom complies, and they go to his study where he begins to write out a check. As he does so, Jimmy then asks Tom a 'loaded' question: Why didn't he simply pay the ransom? Tom explains it was because the kidnapper was 'human garbage,' and that in the end if push had come to shove, he probably would have paid 10 times the reward to get his son back. As they talk, Sean wanders into Tom's eyeline off to the right, and upon seeing a bit of Jimmy's face and hearing his voice, a look of horror washes over Sean's face, and he urinates down the side of his pants. This causes Tom to recall that some news reports stated that they did not believe that Maris was the main kidnapper, and that she may have had an accomplice that escaped. Sean quietly leaves nearby, as Tom goes over and presents the check to Jimmy. However, Jimmy (being an officer) noted Tom's hesitation, and now figures the businessman is on to him. Jimmy then demands that Tom call his bank and wire the $4 million directly to his account or he will kill him. However, Tom says that either Jimmy kills him now, or he can offer him another offer: they can go to his local bank and wire the money from there, after which Tom will allow Jimmy to be flown anywhere. Jimmy accepts this, but still threatens Tom that one day he very well could return to get his son again. The two leave the apartment, and Tom makes a call on his car phone. However, calling under the pretense that he is making jet arrangements for Jimmy, Tom has actually contacted the Hawkins and his guys who are still in New York. Tom mentions that they'll be stopping by his bank before heading to the airport. Jimmy suspects that Tom may be attempting to double-cross him, but before he can turn the speaker-phone on, Tom has ended the call. At the bank, Tom and Jimmy are greeted like royalty, and Tom wires the money through to Jimmy's account. However, as they leave the building, the FBI have tipped off the local Police about Jimmy, and several officers attempt to apprehend him. Jimmy then shoots two officers before darting into traffic. Tom quickly follows and attempts to subdue Jimmy. Eventually, the fight spills into the front of a storefront. Tom grabs Jimmy's gun and holds it towards him, just as Hawkins, some FBI agents and more NYC Police arrive. The Police threaten to fire on Tom and Hawkins demands that Tom put the gun down. Eventually, Tom lowers the gun, but Jimmy, though badly wounded, reaches for a spare in a holster on his leg. Before he can shoot Tom, Hawkins and several officers open fire on Jimmy, dropping him dead to the ground. Kate soon after appears, and she and Tom walk off as the Police converge on the crime scene. Over the course of the beginning of the credits, we watch as the scene is cleaned up, and before evening arrives, the once violent scene has returned to normalcy on the street corner.
tt0119173
Action,Drama,War
In Washington DC a Senate hearing is being held. The hearing is chaired by a powerful Senator, Lillian DeHaven, who questions the US military's policies of women being allowed to serve in combat situations. DeHaven plans to have a female naval officer enroll in SEAL training, one of the toughest training programs the US Military has to offer, with a 60% failure rate amongst its candidates. She receives much resistance from the Naval representatives at the hearing, however she uses her influence to put her plan into action. The candidate DeHaven handpicks is Lieutenant Jordan O'Neill, who works in Naval communications as a satellite communications specialist. O'Neill has been passed over for promotion within her division with many male coworkers having less experience than she does. O'Neill is also romantically involved with one of her superior officers, Royce. Tension arises between herself and Royce when she chooses to participate in the training course. O'Neill reports to the SEAL training facility and is immediately subject to ridicule and discrimination from her fellow candidates and the base's commanding colonel, who makes attempts to treat her delicately because she's a woman. The facility's command master chief (CMC), John Urgayle, addresses his candidates for the 1st time by reciting a poem, "Self Pity", by DH Lawrence. The trainees are then begin their "hell week" where they are subjected to extremely rigorous mental and physical conditions: they are forced to push heavy ship fenders up sand dunes, exercise in cold water, hold heavy rafts over their heads for prolonged periods of time and are constantly ridiculed by Urgayle's staff. When the training regimen becomes too much for a candidate they have the option of leaving the program voluntarily by ringing a ceremonial bell three times. Hell week ends for the candidates when they are required to run a difficult obstacle course under live fire. O'Neill is told that there will be a small set of wooden steps at a wall marking the end of the course, to make it easier for her to scale the wall -- she protests and is told to be quiet. The trainees, including O'Neill, make it to the wall; O'Neill pushes the step unit aside and volunteers her own body to allow her fellow trainees to get over the wall. The last trainee, Cortez, reaches his hand down to help O'Neill but keeps his grip just out of reach and then suggests she quit. (He is later punished for his actions.) O'Neill uses the stair unit to scale the wall and runs to join her comrades but misses a tripwire, signifying she may have killed some or all of the company. Later, when Urgayle's staff reads of the candidates' times, O'Neill finds to her surprise she passed the course, even though she came in dead last, behind other candidates who didn't finish in the required 12 minute limit. She's told that she was given a 30 second buffer, a concept they refer to as "gender norming". O'Neill meets directly with the base's colonel, who, never happy about the idea of a woman being allowed into SEAL training, tells her that he'd altered the program because she's a woman. O'Neill requests that she be treated the same as the male candidates, including being allowed to take up residence in their barracks. Her request is granted and she reports to the base's barber shop. The barber isn't there and she shaves off her long hair herself and joins the men in their barracks. After a brief argument with one of the other candidates, Urgayle orders the ranking officer, Wickwire, to make up a schedule to allow O'Neill privacy in the head and shower. Back in Washington, O'Neill's success in hell week is reported to DeHaven. It is revealed that DeHaven has also been generating publicity about O'Neill's candidacy but she has an ulterior motive: she is using the incident as leverage to prevent the closing of military bases in her native Texas, but voting for base closings in other states. O'Neill continues through the rest of the program, learning how to use weapons, field strip and reassemble them and learns the effects of forced drowning from interrogation. She manages to score higher than most of her male counterparts and slowly begins earning the respect of more of her comrades. During an exercise where they are extracted from the water by high-speed boats, O'Neill fails to pull herself from the water (though she receives little help unlike her male teammates). Urgayle lectures her later about her failure in the test and tells her he earned the Navy Cross for pulling a man much larger than himself from a burning tank. He worries that O'Neill may not be able to perform a similar task under combat conditions. He also tells her that she'll be taking over a squad when one of the other trainees must leave due to an injury. The trainees then enter a very crucial stage of the program called SERE. They will be placed into a simulated combat mission where they are very likely be captured and subjected to harsh interrogation and physical abuse. The teams are dropped off at the coast of Captiva Island and, under O'Neill's direction, make their way inland until they find what appears to be a deserted compound. While they perform their reconnaissance procedures, part of O'Neill's team, Cortez and Slovnick, break off and try to retrieve a helmet for a souvenir, contravening her direct orders. The helmet is shot off its perch by a sniper and a net traps them both. O'Neill and the rest of her team try to retreat into the forest and are quickly captured. Their captors turn out to be Urgayle, his assistant Pyro and the rest of their training instructors. The ranking officers, including O'Neill, are thrown into confined wooden boxes and taken one at a time into the main shack to be interrogated. When O'Neill is taken in, Urgayle preys upon his perceived notion of O'Neill's weakness & her ability to carry out one of her team who was injured in their attempted escape. Urgayle then begins to beat O'Neill viciously, under the pretense of the treatment she'd receive if she were really captured by an actual hostile. Urgayle drags O'Neill outside and shoves her head in a trough of muddy water, demanding that the other prisoners reveal intelligence about the rest of the SEAL team in the forest. Urgayle then threatens to rape O'Neill in front of the company. O'Neill, her hands bound behind her, kicks Urgayle in the crotch and slams her skull into his face, breaking his nose. She then kicks him further. Urgayle gets to his feet and beats O'Neill down. He staggers to the prisoner corral and tries to convince the male members of the team, who have all turned their backs on him, that O'Neill is a weak link that could get them all killed. O'Neill, having regained her feet, suddenly shouts "SUCK MY DICK!!" to Urgayle. The rest of the team rallies behind her and Urgayle gives up, defeated. After returning from SERE training, the team, with new found respect and admiration for O'Neill's tough nature and courage, treat her to a drink. Shortly after, O'Neill is called into the colonel's office and presented with pictures of her hanging out with female officers suspected of being lesbians. O'Neill is told she'll be sent back to Washington and will take up a desk job until the matter is investigated. If O'Neill wishes to complete the SEAL program, she'll have to start over again. Furious at the false charges, O'Neill rings out of the SEAL program and drives back to Washington. She goes to the home she'd been sharing with Royce. Royce shows her evidence from DeHaven's office showing that the Senator had sent a memo to the Navy about the dangers of letting a woman complete SEAL training and that US citizens aren't ready for women to enter combat. O'Neill goes to a Senate committee hearing concerning the closing of military bases and confronts DeHaven openly. Accusing DeHaven of deliberately sinking her career for her own gain, DeHaven says she's actually amazed that O'Neill had gotten as far as she did in the training program and that her approval of O'Neill's enlistment was a publicity stunt. O'Neill threatens to take DeHaven's actions regarding military base closings to the news units just outside the hearing room and DeHaven promises to get O'Neill back into the SEAL program and does. O'Neill returns to her unit. The last phase of training is to be conducted somewhere in the Mediterranean Sea. While awaiting orders aboard a submarine, an emergency mission comes up and Urgayle's team is ordered to participate. A US satellite had come down in Libya and the US Army Ranger team sent in to retrieve it needs assistance in reaching their pickup point. The plutonium in the satellite is weapons grade according to O'Neill and could easily fall into enemy possession. After landing on the beach, O'Neill & Urgayle split from the rest of the team and reconnoiter a nearby Libyan camp. When a Libyan border patrol party shows up unexpectedly, O'Neill hides while being covered by Urgayle. They quickly determine that the Ranger team could be discovered. When one of the party gets too close to O'Neill's hiding spot, Urgayle shoots him, drawing the attention of the man's comrades. O'Neill and Urgayle retreat, O'Neill making it safely back to the beach. Surmising that the Chief wouldn't draw the Libyans back to the rallying point for both the satellite recovery unit and the SEAL team, she identifies another location that the Chief would more likely retreat to. The team sets up an ambush there with a minefield, and the Chief shows up. During a furious firefight, Urgayle is hit in the leg and O'Neill rushes into the minefield and drags the Chief out. The mines are detonated and the team escapes. On the beach, they receive assistance from a helicopter unit & are all loaded onto one of the choppers and lifted out. Back at the SEAL training facility, the successful graduates receive their pins for completing the training from Urgayle. O'Neill goes to empty her locker and finds a copy of DH Lawrence's poetry with a Navy Cross marking the page with the poem "Self Pity". She sees Urgayle, who gives her a glance, and then walks out of the locker room. The closing credits are preceded by Urgayle's speech to the candidates before they begin hell week.
tt0110622
Comedy,Crime
Frank Drebin (Nielsen) has retired from police work and lives a basically happy life with his wife Jane (Presley). It remains "basically happy" because police work has been Frank's meaning of life, and he feels unhappy about not being able to legally take on criminals anymore. Additionally, Jane tries to push him into siring a child, but Frank does not have the courage to go through this yet. It comes as a blessing to him when his old friends Ed Hocken (Kennedy) and Nordberg (Simpson) come by and ask for his help in an investigation. The Police Squad has caught wind that a well-known bomber named Rocco Dillon (Ward), who is currently incarcerated, has been hired by a terrorist (Papshmir, known from the first movie) to conduct a major terrorist act against the United States. An important contact, Tanya Peters (Smith), Rocco's girlfriend, proves to be a dead end, so Drebin is asked to join Dillon undercover in prison, befriend him, and then leak details of the plan to his colleagues. However, the first part of the mission - by pure accident - proves to be extremely taxing; Jane becomes frustrated both at Frank's sudden unwillingness to engage in his marital duties and the suspicion that he is doing police work again, and storms out of the house. Frank joins Rocco in prison, and after winning his trust, the two stage their breakout together. Rocco even manages to persuade his dominant and highly distrustful mother Muriel (Freeman) to take Frank into their house. However, both are loth to tell Frank too many details right away, which is why he is forced to stay around a little longer. In the meantime, Jane joins her friend Louise on a wild road trip, but in time she realizes that she really misses Frank. When she returns and finds him missing, she follows a clue Frank had inadvertently left behind to Tanya, where she is promptly taken hostage by Rocco and his mother. Frank is barely able to save her life for the time being, and eventually Rocco reveals his plan: the bomb is to be set off at this year's Academy Award ceremony, with the bomb hidden in the envelope with the nomination of Best Actress and triggered when the card is pulled out. At the awarding night, Frank and Jane separate from Rocco's team and frantically begin searching for the bomb, with Frank inflicting his usual chaos onstage during the prelude show. They are, however, unable to find the bomb before the nomination for Best Actress is begun. When Frank bursts onto the stage and awkwardly attempts to prevent the detonation of the bomb, Rocco and his mother realize what's going on and take Jane hostage, but in the process Frank loosens an electronic sign which takes out Muriel. Desperate, Rocco decides to detonate the bomb to follow his mother, but Frank manages to catapult him and the bomb out of the awarding hall right into Papshmir's private plane (which was circling overhead), with the bomb eliminating all hostile parties involved. Frank and Jane reaffirm their love under the applause of the awarding audience and viewers worldwide. About nine months later, Frank and Nordberg rush into the pedriatic ward to witness the birth of Frank's child - only that a slight mistake ends with Frank being very resentful at Nordberg ...
tt0185371
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The film is set in an abandoned asylum, the Vannacutt Psychiatric Institute for the Criminally Insane, where numerous murders were committed in the 1940s and 50s. The head of the facility, Dr. Richard B. Vannacutt, performed grotesque experiments and medical procedures on the patients, killing many in the process. The hospital was closed when some of the so-called "patients" escaped, killing almost the entire staff and burning the hospital. Vannacutt had rigged the building with numerous iron gates, activated by cranks and levers, to serve as barriers to keep patients from leaving the building, should they escape; some of these were controlled by huge, clock-like timers that wouldn't open for twelve hours. During the fire, he released these gates, keeping the inmates, employees and the fire itself contained. After several unexplained deaths during reconstruction of the facility, it was dubbed "The House on Haunted Hill". Present day. Stephen Price is an eccentric amusement park mogul whom has a disintegrating marriage to Evelyn, his spoiled trophy wife. Stephen's wicked sense of humor has caused a strain between him and his wife, each of whom would gladly kill the other. Evelyn fancies spectacular parties, so Stephen leases the house from the owner, Watson Pritchett, for Evelyn's Halloween birthday bash. Evelyn gives Stephen a guest list two pages long; he shreds it to spite her and then creates one of his own. The five people who show up for the party: model Jennifer Jenzen (aka: Sara Wolfe), Eddie Baker, Melissa Margaret Marr, Dr. Donald Blackburn and Pritchett himself, aren't the ones that he invited. Neither Evelyn nor Stephen know who they are. Despite this, Price continues the party's theme, offering a million dollars to anyone who stays in the house and survives until morning, with any person not making it having his money added to the pot. Shortly after arriving, the security gates are tripped, locking everyone inside and forcing them to remain there until the gates unlock in the morning. Price scolds Carl Schecter--a company employee, who has developed a series of harmless traps to scare the guestsfor not letting him know he planned to pull a stunt like that. Schecter said it wasn't him who did it. Price is then convinced his wife did it somehow. Shortly after, Melissa is killed by one of the ghosts when she wanders off into the basement of the house. It's revealed that the spirits themselves created the guest list specifically to include the descendants of five members of Vannacutt's staff who didn't die in the long-ago fire. Also, it is revealed that Evelyn and Blackburn are in working together to bring down Stephen. Evelyn then kills Blackburn and uses his body to frame Stephen. After a deranged Stephen attempts to kill Evelyn for orchestrating his murder plot, the two accidentally unleash the Darkness of the house when he throws her through an ancient and decayed door. The Darkness is a dark, shape-shifting creature composed of all the spirits in the house, led by Dr. Vannacutt; this force comes after and tries to kill all the remaining guests. It starts by assimilating Evelyn into itself, killing her while Price watches in horror. The Darkness reveals how the evil souls that comprise it want to feed on all those "who are responsible". Upstairs, Pritchett, Eddie and Sara are trying to open one of the iron gates on the windows when they hear Price's screams from down the hall. Pritchett investigates, while the Darkness catches up with Price on the other side of the door; he jumps out of the way at the exact same moment when Pritchett opens the door and the Darkness kills him and flows away. Price runs through the hall while Sara and Eddie follow, trying to figure out how he's alive when Sara supposedly shot him (answer: a bullet-proof vest). Price tells them that what Pritchett's been saying all along is true: the house is alive and killed everyone. He figures that the only way to get out is to go to the attic and try and escape through there. Price runs ahead of them to activate them while Sara and Eddie stay behind. The Darkness seeps through the house and tries to kill them. As they are running up the stairs to the attic Sara trips, and the Darkness uses Melissa's form to try to lure her to it. Price by then has activated a pulley that reveals an opening in the window of the attic. Eddie and Sara get there, while the Darkness seeps up the cracks of the wooden floor, and Sara lingers while Eddie goes to the opening. Eddie looks back from the window to find that the Darkness had arrived and is attempting to sever the rope that keeps the iron gate open. While Eddie rushes back to get Sara, the Darkness tries to kill her but instead kills Price, who had sacrificed his life to get Sara out of the way. Sara escapes just as the iron gate comes crashing down, trapping Eddie with the Darkness. The Darkness then confronts Eddie and brings up charges against his ancestor's actions. Eddie then screams that he was actually adopted. At the sound of this, Pritchett's ghost appears and frees Eddie by pulling the rope needed to open the iron gate, at which Sara pulls Eddie through as the Darkness is about to kill him. After he is pulled through, the gate shuts, Pritchett's ghost disappears and the Darkness disappears into nothingness. As Sara and Eddie sit in exhaustion over the night's events, they notice that an envelope has been pushed through the gate, containing five checks for $1 million each. They smile and enjoy the rays of the sun. It ends with Sara asking, "One more thing, how do we get down from here?" as they are several hundred feet above the ground and there's no exit.
tt0236493
Adventure,Comedy,Crime
Brad Pitt has been working for a mobster who is in prison because Pitt accidentally ran a red light and hit the mobster's car. When the police arrived, they found a body in the mobster's trunk. The guy was alive but was obviously going to be murdered. The mobster was sentenced to 5 years in prison. Pitt has been forced to work for the mobster to pay for having caused him to go to prison. Julia Roberts is Pitt's girlfriend and they have been having difficulties with their relationship. Roberts now wants to go to Vegas but Pitt has to make one last trip for the mobster or he will be killed. Roberts throws Pitt out and heads to Vegas alone and Pitt heads to Mexico on his last mission. Pitt has been given orders by the 2nd in command (Bob Balaban) to pick up a gun called "The Mexican" and bring it back. Pitt gets to Mexico and picks up the gun but unfortunately, the man he gets it from is accidentally killed by a stray bullet fired during a Mexican celebration. Pitt calls Balaban and reports the problem and while he's on the phone, his car is stolen, gun and all. Pitt sets out after the car to try and retrieve the gun. Meanwhile, on the way to Vegas Roberts is in a restroom when a gunman grabs her and before anything happens, James Gandolfini saves her by shooting the man. Gandolfini claims that he is working for the mobster and that his name is Leroy. He is a very sensitive, gay psychotic killer who is there to protect Roberts. They get to Vegas and along the way Gandolfini picks up a gay postal worker who spends a romantic evening with Gandolfini. In the morning Roberts and Gandolfini go out for breakfast and while they're eating, the gunman goes to their hotel room and kills the postal worker by throwing him off the balcony. Roberts and Gandolfini get back and this time Gandolfini shoots the man in the head to kill him for good. Roberts and Gandolfini are told by Balaban to head to Mexico and meet Pitt because things have gone wrong. In Mexico, Pitt has recovered the gun and then lost it a second time. A man from the mob has come down to help him. Pitt knows the man had been sent to kill him so he tricks the man, gets the gun and drives to the airport to leave Mexico. Unfortunately, Pitt has the wrong passport and can't get on his flight. He goes back to the small town where he left the man handcuffed, but he's gone. Gandolfini and roberts meet up with Pitt and for some reason, Pitt does not tell him he has the gun but will take him to where it's hidden. Pitt has an argument with Roberts and nearly wrecks the car causing a blowout. While Pitt is changing the tire, Gandolfini pulls a gun on him. Roberts is furious with Pitt and has been walking away. Pitt hasn't seen Gandolfini's gun yet but Gandolfini sees Roberts walking away and puts his gun away. He knows that Roberts loves Pitt and he just can't kill him. Gandolfini helps Pitt change the tire and now Pitt pulls a gun on Gandolfini. Gandolfini sees the gun in the reflection on the hubcap and turns to fire but Pitt shoots first and kills Gandolfini. It seems that Pitt had once met Leroy and knew that Gandolfini was not who he claimed to be. He realized that he was there to kill him. Roberts is extremely upset but Pitt and her stay together trying to decide what to do now. In their hotel room, Pitt looks out the window and see someone trying to break into his car. the same person that stole it the first time. He goes down to stop him and is punched in the face (twice) and knocked out. He is driven to a very nice ranch house and there he meets the mob boss who has been let out of prison - Gene Hackman. In prison Hackman was befriended by the grandson of the ranchowner. the son was killed saving the life of Hackman in prison. The ranch owner is the grandson of the man who made "The Mexican." We are now told the true legend of The mexican. It was made by a gunsmith as a gift to a rich noble so the nobleman's son would marry his daughter. Unfortunately, the daughter was in love with the gunsmith's assistant. On the wedding day the nobleman's son is presented with the gun and it fails to work. He notices his future bride and the assistant staring at each other. He realizes they are in love and shoots and kills the assistant. The girl picks up the gun, puts it to her head and shoots herself. The gun contained two bullets, one of which has now been used. Hackman has been trying to get the gun to give it back to the rightful owner, the great grandson. Balaban has been trying to get it to sell for profit. Roberts is back in the hotel room and has the gun tied to her leg when Balaban appears on the balcony. Roberts hides between 2 mattresses. We next see Pitt and some Mexican employees of the ranchowner driving into town. Balaban is standing beside his car and asks Pitt where the gun is. Pitt says only Roberts knows and Balaban opens the trunk to reveal Roberts. Unfortunately for Balaban, when he opens the trunk, Roberts has the gun pointed right at him. She shoots the 2nd and last bullet, hitting him in the throat. We hardly know he's been shot until he opens his mouth and smoke comes out. The ranchhands take the gun back to the ranch and a brass ring that had fallen off the gun is picked up by Pitt. He uses it as a wedding band and places it on Roberts finger. The final scene shows the two of them driving off - arguing...
tt0182789
Comedy,Drama,Sci-Fi
The NDR series robot "Andrew" is introduced into the Martin family home in April 2005 to perform housekeeping and maintenance duties. Unfortunately, the elder daughter of the family doesn't accept him, and orders him to jump out the window - injuring his mechanisms severely. The father of the household, Richard Martin, holds a family meeting and stipulates that Andrew is to be treated as a human being, and as a member of the family, rather than a household appliance. They then slowly grow to accept Andrew as a functional member of their family unit. But when Andrew accidentally breaks a glass figurine belonging to "Little Miss" Amanda Martin, to whom he is devoted, he carves a similar figurine out of wood. The family is astonished by this sign of original creativity in a robot and Sir Richard Martin takes Andrew to his manufacturer, NorthAm Robotics, to inquire if all the robots are like him. The CEO of the company sees this development as a problem and wishes to scrap Andrew or, as he puts it, "fix him." Deeply angered, Martin takes Andrew home and allows him to pursue his own development: creating masterpiece clocks and other wood items. He also encourages Andrew to educate himself in the humanities and helps him to understand the concepts. When Andrew is damaged, Martin again takes him to NorthAm Robotics for repairs, but stipulates that if they attempt in any way to alter Andrew's positronic brain, the company would be liable for the projected revenue Andrew's creativity would generate over his operational lifespan - a sum that would bankrupt the company (since his operational lifespan is essentially limitless). Andrew requests that while he is being repaired his face be altered to convey the emotions he feels but cannot fully express; thus begins Andrew's outward transformation from robot to android. He is told this would cost an exorbitant amount of money, and prints of a cheque, to which Andrew replies that the sum is roughly one months of his salary. The CEO of NorthAm Robotics balks and mutters that the sum is "more than he makes in a year". "Sir" Richard is gleeful at this, and says it is quite a "good achievement for...what was it he called you last time we were here, Andrew?" "Household Appliance, Sir." "That's right. Household Appliance." After many years, Andrew has amassed enough money to need a legal adviser and bank account. Andrew eventually asks for his freedom, much to Richard's dismay. Deeply hurt, Mr. Martin grants his request, but banishes Andrew from the house so that he can be 'completely' free. In 2048, Andrew sees Richard Martin one last time, on his deathbed. Mr. Martin apologizes to Andrew for banishing him, telling him it was Andrew's right to have his freedom. Andrew sets out to find other NDR series robots and discover if they have also developed personalities of their own. He spends years searching, but finds none functioning. Finally, he stumbles across Galatea, an NDR robot that has been given female attributes and is owned by Rupert Burns, son of the original NDR robot designer. Andrew is attracted to Galatea after seeing her dance, but soon discovers that her personality chip was activated. She becomes a source of great annoyance to Andrew: her personality was implanted by the manufacturers, whereas his developed independently of programming. As it turns out, her owner, Burns, has been working to create a more human looking robot on his own, but has been unable to attract funding for the project. Andrew Martin agrees to finance Burns' research and the two join forces to revolutionize robotics - in the course of which they also revolutionize the field of human prosthetic organs. Over the years, he maintains contact with Amanda, grown-up, married, divorced, and with children of her own - who resent Andrew's friendship with their mother. Eventually, Andrew becomes human enough to fall in love with Amanda's granddaughter, Portia, and she with him. Andrew Martin petitions the World Congress to recognize him as human, which would allow him and Portia to be legally married, but is rejected on the grounds that so long as he is in effect immortal, he cannot be human. Over the course of the next 100 years, he proceeds to turn himself into a prosthetic human, thus allowing him to age. Andrew again attends the World Congress, now appearing old and frail. The Speaker of said Congress agrees to debate the issue and asks him why he wants this. He replies: "To be acknowledged for who and what I am; no more, no less. Not for acclaim, not for approval, but the simple truth of that recognition has been the elemental drive of my existence and it must be achieved if I am to live or die with dignity." Andrew Martin is on his death bed, Portia beside him, when the Speaker of the World Congress finally announces on television the court's decision: that Andrew Martin is recognized as the oldest, non-biblical human being in history, aged 200 years old. The Speaker also finally validates the marriage between Portia and Andrew. Andrew dies while listening to the broadcast. Portia orders their nurse, Galatea, now recognizably human, to unplug her, i.e., shut down her life support machine. The movie ends with Portia about to die hand-in-hand with Andrew, as she whispers to him "See you soon." Bangs_McCoy (Source: WikiPedia and Bangs_McCoy).
tt0117218
Comedy,Romance,Sci-Fi
Lance Perkins (Eddie Murphy) is hosting an exercise program on TV for overweight people. Professor Sherman Klump (also Eddie Murphy), a kindly, well-liked, brilliant professor of genetics, gets ready for work. Meanwhile, 5,000 hamsters are overrunning Wellman College and causing general chaos. It turns out that these are the school's laboratory hamsters that 400-pound Sherman accidentally released the night before, his fat belly hitting the button that opens the cages when he turned around away from. The problem having been contained, Sherman is given an update by his assistant, Jason (John Ales), about their latest project an experimental formula that reconstructs the DNA of an obese person to make weight-loss easy. It seems that their fattest hamster, Shelley, has lost 3 ounces, proving that the serum works. Jason suggests increasing the amount Shelley is fed, but the ever-kindly Sherman argues against it, saying it could be dangerous. He then has an unpleasant meeting with Dean Richmond (Larry Miller). The Dean tells him that the incident with the hamsters has cost the science department most of its funding. Harlan Hartley (James Coburn) is the school's last remaining wealthy alumnus and is planning to award a $10 million grant to the college; Klump is warned not to alienate him as well. After class, Sherman meets and instantly falls in love with the lovely Miss Carla Purty (Jada Pinkett), a chemistry graduate student teaching a class across the hall, who is a big fan of his work. Later that night, Sherman dines with his obese and ill-mannered family (most of whom are also played by Murphy). After noticing that he's taking very small amounts of food from the table, Sherman reveals that he's trying to watch his weight and avoid the calories. His father, Cletus, scoffs him, believing that there's nothing wrong with being fat and that while Sherman can do whatever he can, he'll never get rid of his fat. After his mother, Anna, brings up Colon Cleansing she saw about on T.V., Cletus starts his habit of randomly passing gas, much to the humor of Ernie Sr. and Jr., but to the disgust of Sherman, Grandma, and Anna. Treating this disgraceful procedure religiously, he breaks wind to the point where he has soiled himself (6 times). Sherman is hurt by the comments Cletus makes, but Anna, tells him that he is "beautiful inside and out," saying that he can do anything if he just believes in himself. This prompts Sherman to attempt to ask Carla out on a date, which she accepts, much to his surprise. While watching Lance Perkins on TV giving one his speeches of motivation, Sherman falls asleep and dreams he is making out with Carla on a beach, but she gets buried in the sand by his weight. Sherman awakens to Perkins telling the viewers to get up and tell themselves "Yes I can!", which Sherman does. Now Sherman is motivated, full of energy, and is determined to lose some weight. A Rocky-style montage ensues, showing Sherman trying various methods to get fit before the big date. However, although the date begins well with Carla showing great admiration for Sherman's work with Shelley. Suddenly, an insult comic called Reggie Warrington (Dave Chappelle), takes over as the show's entertainer after the singers are done with their performance. Reggie heckles many of the other patrons for their odd appearances. Realizing he'll be next, Sherman tries to leave the scene, however, he only catches Reggie's attention sooner, heckling him mercilessly with cruel jokes about his obesity, ruining his night. Back at Carla's home with tears in his eyes, a deeply hurt and humiliated Sherman says goodbye to his date. Carla insults Reggie for what he did to him and tells Sherman that he is brilliant. Sherman tells her to have a pleasant evening and shakes her hand. Later that night, alone and depressed at home, Sherman stuffs himself with junk food while watching Perkins console a fat woman, who tells a sad story about how a man from a fraternity asked her out as an excuse to make fun of her obesity. Sherman dozes off in front of the TV set and has another nightmare in which he becomes a giant, with Reggie being present insulting him again, his mother offering him fried chicken, and his father supporting his fat weight. He lays waste to the city with a single fart which is accidentally lit, causing the town to explode. When he wakes, he finally yields to the temptation to try his new serum on himself. It seems to work perfectly: in seconds, he loses 300 pounds and becomes slim and fit. He goes out, all excited, hyped, and overjoyed with his new transformation, celebrating buying slim clothes for himself, especially spandex, peforming excercising classes perfectly, and just randomly shouting out the fact that he's thin. The following day, while still slim, he starts to flirt with Carla, who comes to the lab looking for Sherman. Quickly inventing the name "Buddy Love" for his new alter ego - based on a security guard's saying "Hey, buddy, what the hell happened here?". Although 'Love' is his own contribution, he invites Carla back to The Scream. However, the serum then begins to wear off (i.e. one hand bulking up and his voice returning to normal) and he ushers Carla out. Carla later tells Sherman about Buddy and Sherman encourages her to go out with him. At The Scream, Buddy turns up very late in a brand new Dodge Viper and an angry Carla about to leave. The hyperactive Buddy obnoxiously begs her to go back inside with him, which she gives up to. This time, when Reggie appears, and starts his revenge against Reggie, by heckling him about his appearance mercilessly. Reggie tries to start firing off Yo Mama jokes to stupe him, however, Buddy once again overpowers him and takes the stage from Reggie. Finally pissed off, Reggie tries challenging Buddy to a Karate match, but he is once again overpowered as he performs Minnie Riperton's 1975 hit Lovin' You on the piano for Carla, and forces Reggie to perform her signature high-pitched squeal. He announces "Reggie has left the building! Thank you and good night!" before throwing him into the piano. Buddy returns to Carla, who is delighted with him. He gives a waiter a credit card to pay for the meal. Buddy and Carla then share a kiss. Immediately after, the serum begins to wear off and Buddy makes a quick exit, attributing it to an allergic reaction to Carla's lipstick (the 'bulking up' beginning with his lower lip, and his midsection begins to swell up). Jason happens to be at the bar and notes that the card Buddy is using belongs to Sherman. He follows Buddy into the sports car to confront him, only to learn Sherman's secret when he discovers him in mid-transformation, culminating in Sherman's having to be cut out of the car when he becomes too big to use the door. The next morning, Sherman is very late for a class and his students have all left. The Dean, however, is there and he confronts Sherman about the sports car, which Buddy bought on Sherman's faculty account. The Dean threatens to strangle Sherman and 'cut off your air supply until you pass away' if he screws up again and asks him to meet Hartley at a hotel restaurant called The Ritz to describe the weight-loss serum. Later, in the lab, Jason tells Sherman that he can't control Buddy, whose testosterone levels keep rising per transformation, as Buddy acted the exact opposite of who Sherman, and Buddy is now becoming an independent personality instead of a thin Sherman. He warns him not to use the serum again and to focus instead on the research for Hartley. Later, Carla talks to Sherman about her date with Buddy and Sherman takes the opportunity to ask Carla to dinner with his family, who promptly embarrass him by making various suggestive comments about their relationship, his grandmother especially pushing the question on whether or not they're having relations, and that there's nothing wrong to admitting if they are, calling it a beautiful thing. Cletus farts again. His confidence low and, after Carla mentions that she would like the opportunity to get to know the caring person she sometimes sees in Buddy's eyes, he uses the serum again. Jason tries to stop Buddy, but to no avail. Sherman seemingly tries to communicate to Jason from deep down inside Buddy and instructs Jason to go into the storage closet to get an antidote, but it turns out to be a trick by Buddy who locks Jason in before departing. Buddy, who is becoming ever more aggressive, takes Carla out on a second date - this time to the hotel where Sherman was to meet Hartley. The Dean, looking for Sherman, asks Carla if she knows where Sherman is, but Carla asks Buddy if he could take Sherman's place. With the Dean desperate to get the grant, he allows Buddy to talk to Hartley, but with Buddy subsequently taking all the credit for the work, much to Carla's shock and outrage. Hartley and the Dean are both impressed, the Dean later asking if Buddy would be willing to fill in for Sherman on a more permanent basis and performing a final demonstration for Hartley at the alumni ball the following night. Buddy then picks up three beautiful women at the hotel to take back with him. Carla finds out, and attempts to leave Buddy. Buddy then invites Carla to join them in some "group activity," which only turns her away even more, calling him a "sick, twisted freak." Undaunted, he throws a loud party at Sherman's house that night, burning all the health food products in the fridge. Having transformed back to his normal self during the night, Sherman awakens to find himself surrounded by strange women. He has no memory of the previous night and is stunned to find the whole house in disarray. Carla arrives shortly thereafter to tell Sherman that she has left Buddy and to apologize about her encouraging Buddy to talk to Hartley. One of the women from the hotel the night before comes out of Sherman's room asking for Buddy and Carla thinks Sherman is as unfaithful as Buddy to the extent that the two of them actually share women. Sherman tries to explain that it's not what she thinks, but she doesn't listen. To add to Sherman's problems as he chases after her, he finds an eviction notice taped to his front door by his unseen grouchy downstairs neighbor and landlord, Mr. Wilson, owing to all the noise Buddy and the party had made during the night. Jason then enters the scene and tells Sherman that they need to go to the lab. Trying to collect himself, Sherman tells Jason that it needs to wait until later. However, Jason stresses that there won't be a later and a visit to the lab soon confirms that Dean Richmond has fired Sherman, replaced him with Buddy, given him Sherman's ticket to the alumni ball, and gloatingly promises to ruin Sherman. At home, depressed, Sherman accidentally activates the VCR, where Buddy has left a message taunting Sherman and encouraging him to take the serum once again. This inspires Sherman to take his life back, resolved to prove that he can defeat Buddy. He and Jason start destroying all the serum samples, but, when he sips a diet drink that Buddy has craftily filled with the serum, he transforms again. Buddy, who has "taken on a life of his own" with a vengeance, tells Jason that he has calculated that if he drinks 500 mL of the serum, he will have enough cellular stability to be thin forever, thus "killing" Sherman; however, he cannot drink all of that serum at once, as it would (literally) kill Sherman and therefore Buddy, too. Buddy, however, has a plan to drink 250 mL of the serum while still in the lab and the other 250 at the alumni ball. He then knocks Jason out and heads to the alumni ball to carry out his plan, which will simultaneously prove the validity of Sherman's research. Buddy arrives at the ball three hours late and starts acting rowdily to the disgrace of Dean Richmond, who scolds him for not being there on time. Buddy responds by threatening the Dean in the same way he threatened Sherman (by strangling him to death). He then begins to make his way to the stage where his plan will be put into place. Back at the lab, Jason regains consciousness just in time to see a warning on the lab computer that Buddy's testosterone levels are at a lethally high 60,000% and darts out of the lab to head for the ball. There, Buddy begins to demonstrate the effects of the serum to the amazed audience (which includes the Dean, Carla, Hartley, and Sherman's parents), allowing himself to briefly 'bulk up' just enough to demonstrate how one sip of the serum is effective enough to make him thin. Then, as he prepares to drink the second dose of serum to stay Buddy Love forever, Jason runs in and tries to stop him. Buddy punches Jason, but Jason hits back. As Buddy stands poised to return a blow, Sherman starts to "fight" him for control of his body: fat and thin body parts beginning with his right fist and subsequently varying around the rest of his body alternate with increasing speed while Buddy's voice shouts "You can't beat me!" and Sherman's voice replies "Yes I can!". Eventually, after a violent transformation/confrontation, Sherman wins the struggle. Still on stage, he tells the awed alumni that, while he started out wanting to help people, what he did was selfish and foolish and that he has learned that the important thing is to accept himself as he is, rather than being unhappy about how much he weighs. He leaves, but Carla stops him and asks him why he lied. He explains that he did not believe that she would accept him, and he'll just have to accept the fact that he'll always be fat no matter what. She proves him wrong when she asks him to dance and he agrees Jason subsequently arriving with a tuxedo that fits. The two subsequently dance for the rest of the night, much to the approval of Jason and Sherman's family. Hartley then tells the Dean that he's decided to give Sherman the grant, because he's "a brilliant scientist and a gentleman."
tt0257516
Comedy,Horror
The film begins when two friends, Jenny Tate and Becky Morton, are at a pier and decide to get their fortune told by Zela. She foretells that they will suffer a horrible fate, but they don't believe her and walk away laughing. A little while later, Becky realizes Jenny has disappeared and can't find her on the pier; Becky was driving. One night, while in a car together, Jimmy and his sister Ellie hit an animal and another car. They attempt to rescue the other driver, Becky Morton, but she is suddenly dragged and eaten by an unknown creature. Jimmy and Ellie are both slashed by the creature's claws. Jimmy starts to believe that the creature was a werewolf, but no one will believe him. He and his sister start to exhibit wolfish tendencies (such as both of them eating raw bacon, Ellie catching a fly in her bare hand, and being attracted to the smell of blood) but Ellie denies it, apparently proving her point by touching a silver picture frame and not getting burned. Jimmy becomes much stronger, as exampled when a bully named Bo forces him to join the wrestling team. He easily defeats three wrestlers, including Bo. Meanwhile, Jenny is torn apart in a parking garage by a wolf-like creature. Zela's prediction for Jenny and Becky comes true. Eventually, Ellie starts to believe the werewolf idea, and Jimmy proves it when he holds a silver cake server and gets burned (he then discovers that the picture frame Ellie touched was actually stainless steel). He goes to warn Ellie with the help of Bo, who shows up at their house to come out as gay and apparently likes Jimmy. Bo and Jimmy race to where Ellie is, and in the meantime she figures out that her boyfriend, Jake, is a werewolf. He confirms that, but claims it wasn't him that attacked her and Jimmy. Another werewolf attacks, seemingly proving his story. Bo and Jimmy try to help, but Bo is knocked out. The new werewolf is revealed to be Joanie, a publicist who had a one-night-stand with Jake and became a werewolf (with proof of a pentagram on her right hand). She wants revenge by killing all of the other girls he dates. He refuses to let her hurt Ellie, and she knocks him out. Joanie soon turns into a werewolf and starts attacking. Ellie and Jimmy fight her, and she finally runs and hides when the police arrive. The two draw her out by insulting her, which she (in werewolf form) gives them the finger. The police open fire, apparently killing her. The only way to kill a werewolf is to separate the brain from the heart. As she rises again, a cop shoots her in the head, finally killing her. Bo is okay, but Jake has disappeared. Jimmy and Ellie return to a wrecked home. Their dog bit Jimmy and became a werewolf as well and destroyed the house in an uncontrollable rage. As Jimmy goes to try to fix the power, Jake arrives. He reveals that he did in fact bite Ellie and Jimmy, and he wants Ellie to live forever by his side after he kills Jimmy. She refuses, and the two fight it out, but her werewolf side only emerges and disappears at small intervals, while he has complete control over his werewolf side and dominates the fight. Jimmy joins in, climbing across the ceiling and biting Jake, distracting him long enough for Ellie to stab him with the silver cake server, badly injuring him. Ellie decapitates Jake with a shovel and breaking the curse on her, Jimmy and their dog. A girl Jimmy likes named Brooke shows up with their dog, having learned where they live from Bo, who also shows up. Bo and Jimmy are now friends; Jimmy kisses Brooke and walks her home along with Bo. Ellie goes to clean up the mess that is their house
tt0265349
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Newspaper columnist John Klein (Gere) and his wife Mary (Messing) are involved in a car accident. Mary, the driver of the vehicle, swerves her car to avoid hitting something in the road. A brain scan reveals a tumor and she subsequently passes away. Later, John discovers an assortment of mysterious drawings which she created before her death, depicting a strange black winged creature she saw on the night of the accident. Two years later, while driving to Richmond, Virginia, Klein gets lost and inexplicably finds himself far away in the small town of Point Pleasant, West Virginia. Klein's car breaks down, as he makes his way to a nearby house on foot to contact help. The owner of the house, Gordon Smallwood (Patton), reacts violently to Klein's appearance and holds him at gun point. Local police officer Connie Mills (Linney) defuses the situation while Smallwood explains that this is the third night in a row that Klein has knocked on his door asking to use a phone, much to the confusion of Klein. Klein ends up staying at a local motel and tries to figure out how he ended up lost from his original destination. Officer Mills mentions to Klein that many strange things have been occurring in the past few weeks within Point Pleasant. While conversing with Smallwood one day, it is revealed to Klein that he had heard voices from his sink telling him that in Denver, 99 will die. Scared that Smallwood has the same ailment that contributed to his wife's death, Klein takes him to a doctor to get checked out. Smallwood is found to have a migraine, but no serious medical condition. While discussing the day's events at a local diner, Klein notices that the news is showing a story on an airplane crash in Denver that killed all 99 passengers aboard. The next night, Smallwood frantically explains that he had met the voices in his head. The being is named Indrid Cold. Later that night, Smallwood calls Klein and says that he is standing with Indrid Cold. While Klein keeps Cold on the line, Officer Mills goes out to check on Smallwood. Cold answers Klein's questions, convincing him that he is a supernatural being. This episode starts a string of supernatural calls to Klein's motel room. One of these phone calls tells Klein that there will be a great tragedy on the Ohio River. Later, Klein receives a call from Smallwood and rushes to check on him. He finds Smallwood dead from exposure to the elements. The entity described as the Mothman becomes a personal obsession for Klein. He meets an expert on the subject, Alexander Leek (Bates), who explains the nature of the supernatural being and details his own experience with it. As Klein reaches the bridge into town, there is traffic congestion originating from a malfunctioning traffic light. As Klein walks onto the bridge to investigate further, the bolts and supports of the bridge begin to strain at the weight. The bridge starts to come apart, making Klein realize that the tragedy that was prophesised to him was in fact the bridge. As the bridge collapes, Officer Mill's car falls into the water below. Klein jumps in after her and pulls her from the river and up to safety. As the two sit on the back of an ambulance, they see that they have just survived the collapse of the Silver Bridge. The epilogue displays a series of graphics stating that the cause of the bridge collapse was never fully determined. It also states that although the Mothman has been sighted in other parts of the world, it was never seen again in Point Pleasant.
tt0120832
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
Set during one long night, corrupt, flamboyant Atlantic City police detective Rick Santoro (Nicolas Cage) attends a boxing match at Gilbert Powell's (John Heard) Atlantic City Arena between heavyweight champion Lincoln Tyler (Stan Shaw) and challenger Jose Pacifico Ruiz. He meets up with his best friend since childhood, Kevin Dunne (Gary Sinise), who is a US Navy Commander working with the Department of Defense to escort Defense Secretary Charles Kirkland (Joel Fabiani) and Powell at the fight after a trip to Norfolk, Virginia. As the first round begins, Dunne is distracted by an attractive redhead named Serena (Jayne Heitmeyer) who wears a ruby ring, and leaves his seat, which is then taken by Julia Costello (Carla Gugino), a mysterious woman with silver-lined eyeglasses, platinum blonde hair and a white satin suit. When Tyler is unexpectedly knocked out by Ruiz, gunshots ring out, mortally wounding Kirkland and grazing Julia Costello's left arm, who loses her glasses and blonde wig, revealing her naturally dark hair. Dunne kills the sniper, and Santoro orders the arena to be locked down. Despite the lock down, Costello escapes into the casino, covers her wounds in pieces of cloth from her blouse and after stealing a blue satin jacket, disguises herself as a hooker. Santoro becomes suspicious when he notices that the "knocked out" Tyler woke up instantly when the shots rang out, and after studying the fight tape, realizes the knockout punch didn't connect. Tyler confesses that he threw the fight in order to pay gambling debts, but he was never told that anyone would be killed, and reveals that he was paid to take a dive by Serena, the same woman in red who tricked Dunne into leaving his post. With the involvement of Tyler, Serena and the sniper - in addition to the man who signaled Tyler to go down and whoever gave him the go-ahead - Santoro suspects a conspiracy and reveals everything he has learned to Dunne. Dunne confesses that the trip to Norfolk was for a test of the AirGuard missile defense system, which Powell's company was backing. He deduces that the sniper, a known Palestinian terrorist named Tariq Rabat, learned of the test and assassinated Kirkland in order to stop the sale of the system to the US government. Santoro goes to study surveillance videos from the security room in order to find Serena while, with the help of Powell's security guards, Dunne continues his search for Costello but, once they split up, it is revealed that Dunne is actually the fifth party and mastermind of the conspiracy. He kills the now-blonde Serena and Zietzthe man who signaled Tyler to go downin order to prevent their further involvement, with the help of his bodyguards. Dunne then enlists Tyler by revealing the truth to him. Meanwhile, Costello seduces Ned Campbell (David Anthony Higgins), a sleazy guest at the hotel, so she can hide in his room. Both Santoro and Dunne discover this at the same time and give chase, but Santoro reaches her first and takes her into protective custody. She confesses that she is an analyst who worked on the AirGuard tests and discovered that the results of the tests were faked; the system failed to work and she tipped off Kirkland to the deception. However, Dunne learned of her actions and arranged the entire conspiracy to kill both her and Kirkland. Santoro learns of Dunne's involvement and, despite his initial refusal to believe it, quickly realizes that his childhood friend is indeed the mastermind. After hiding Costello in a warehouse, Santoro inspects the footage of a new floating camera, and discovers proof of Dunne's involvement. Dunne confronts Santoro and confesses that his motive is to prevent any further attacks on US ships, similar to the one where he had to witness several soldiers drown, then offers Santoro one million dollars for Costello's location, where she will be killed, and Santoro would look the other way on the plan. When Santoro refuses, Dunne has Tyler beat him up, but he still does not give in. Dunne plants a tracker on Santoro and follows him to the warehouse just as Hurricane Jezebel strikes the Atlantic City coastline. When a tidal wave hits the boardwalk, Santoro uses it as cover to rush Costello outside, where the police, tipped off by Santoro, are waiting and witness Dunne opening fire. When captured by the police, Dunne, realizing his plan has failed, fatally shoots himself. Santoro is later hailed as a hero by the mayor of Atlantic City, but the press soon uncovers his corruption and he loses his job, his wife, his lover and custody of his son, along with his dream of becoming the next mayor of Atlantic City. He is arrested, convicted and sentenced to prison. Before reporting for his prison term, Santoro meets Costello on the boardwalk. She thanks him for his help, as Powell is completely restructuring his company and scrapping the AirGuard, saving the lives of many soldiers. They kiss, and Santoro promises to call her when his sentence is up in twelve to 18 months. After she leaves, Santoro muses that he at least got to be on television. Ultimately in the final shot, Serena's ruby ring is seen embedded in one of the concrete pillars of the new Powell Millennium Arena, revealing it as her final resting place.
tt0110367
Drama,Family,Romance
The March sisters contemplate a gloomy Christmas. Their father is serving as a chaplain in the Civil War and their mother, "Marmee," must work to support the family. Meg and Jo, the two oldest sisters, also have jobs. Meg is a governess and Jo is a companion to their wealthy relative, Aunt March. The two younger sisters are Beth and Amy. Beth is too shy to attend school and is taught at home. Amy attends school but the teacher is very strict. On Christmas morning, the girls eagerly look forward to a hearty breakfast. But Mrs. March sends word that she is helping a poor family with several children. The girls decide to take their breakfast to the family. As they leave the house, they are spotted by their neighbor, wealthy old Mr. Laurence, and his teenage grandson Laurie. The girls aren't acquainted with the Laurences but Jo impulsive waves at them. Mr. Laurence remarks that the Marches were "once one of our first families." Sometime later, Jo and Laurie meet at a dance. He doesn't go to school but is tutored by young Mr. John Brooke. Jo and Laurie become best friends and soon he is the brother the March girls never had. He participates in their amateur theatricals, written by Jo. She wants to be a writer and has a studio in the attic. Amy is disciplined by her teacher and refuses to return to school. Marmee agrees as long as Amy will keep up with her lessons at home. Jo has a hard time with Aunt March because the old woman is very critical of her. She forces Jo to read dull books aloud, but as soon as she drops off to sleep, Jo switches to more interesting ones. Meg feels the family's poverty much more keenly that her sisters. When she is invited to a weekend at the wealthy Gardiners' home, her sisters and mother help her put together a suitable wardrobe. Aunt March is visiting and insists that Meg must marry well, so she can help her family. But Marmee wants her girls to marry for love, not money. While at the Gardiners', Meg discovers that her "best dress" is far too simple. Sallie Gardiner offers to loan her a dress for the dance and along with her maid, transforms Meg into a fashionable girl. Laurie attends the party but is put off by Meg's face paint and low-cut dress. When she begins drinking champagne, he stops her and she storms off. Later he apologizes and Meg admits to feeling like a fool. When she sprains her ankle, Laurie packs it in snow and gives her a ride home in his carriage. Amy often feels left out when Meg and Jo go places with Laurie. She is furious when Jo refuses to let her tag along to the theater. While Jo is gone, Amy burns all her writings. When Jo discovers the damage, she vows she will never speak to her sister again. Marmee advises not letting the sun go down on her anger, but Jo is unrelenting. Then Amy falls through the ice while skating and nearly drowns. Jo is very sorry for her actions and vows to keep a tight rein on her temper. A telegram arrives with grim news. Mr. March is gravely ill in a field hospital. Marmee must go to him at once and sends Jo to borrow the train fare from Aunt March. Not wanting to endure her aunt's criticiscm, Jo sells her long hair instead. The Laurences come to the family's aid. Mr. Brooke offers to escort Marmee, which pleases Meg. It is obvious that they are in love with each other. While Marmee is away, Beth falls ill with scarlet fever. Mr. Laurence sends for a doctor, who advises that Marmee come home. Meg and Jo care for Beth as best they can, but she doesn't really improve until her mother arrives. Unknown to the family, the illness has weakened Beth's heart. On Christmas Eve, Beth is allowed downstairs for the first time and Mr. March returns home. Mr. Laurence gives Beth the piano that belonged to his own daughter, who died many years earlier. Meg and John announce their engagement, but it is another three years before they marry. The story picks up with Meg and John's wedding. Beth is now a semi-invalid. She tires easily but never complains. Amy has taken Jo's place as a companion to Aunt March. Jo's writings are now selling but she is not satisfied. She longs for excitement and adventure. After the wedding, she goes for a walk with Laurie. He proposes marriage, which she refuses because she doesn't think they are suited to each other. After an emotional scene, Laurie stalks off. Later he goes to Europe, which has always been Jo's dream. When Aunt March announces she is taking Amy to Europe with her, Jo is heartbroken. Marmee suggests she stretch her wings by taking a job away from home. Jo finds a position as governess in New York City. Her charges are the children of a boarding house owner. She meets Fritz Bhaer, a professor from Germany who is raising his two nephews. He is much older than Jo. When he discovers that she loves music, he invites her to an opera. He can't afford tickets but the stage manager is a friend of his and gives them seats backstage. Jo confides in Mr. Bhaer that she is selling her stories to magazines and newspapers of doubtful repute. He is alarmed by this and urges her to stop. But the pay is good and Jo is able to send money home for Beth's medical care. Mr. Bhaer reads one of her stories and pronounces it terrible. Jo is hurt and offended. Before she can confront him, she receives a telegram. Beth is very ill and won't live much longer. Jo instantly sets out for home. On arriving home, Jo discovers that Meg is several months' pregnant. When asked why she didn't write to Jo with the news, Meg replies primly that one doesn't speak of such things. Jo takes care of Beth until her death. The family is devastated, especially since there was no time to send for Amy. In Europe, Amy is taking a painting class and enjoying a romance with one of Laurie's wealthy friends, Fred Vaughn. Laurie comes to their hotel but Amy is put off by his attitude. She thinks he is running with a wild crowd and wasting his grandfather's money. He privately asks Aunt March if Amy and Fred are engaged. She says not yet. Laurie flirts with Amy and tries to kiss her but she won't let him. He asks her not to rush into an engagement she may later regret and departs for London. Meanwhile, Jo is regretting having refused Laurie's proposal. When she writes with the news of Beth's death, she asks him to come home. But Laurie only reads the first few lines before rushing off to be with Amy in her time of sorrow. Luckily she has refused Fred's proposal and before long she and Laurie fall in love. She wants to go home but Aunt March is too ill to travel. Jo begins writing a novel based on her family. She titles it "My Beth" and sends it to Professor Bhaer. He in turns sends it to a publisher, who accepts it. Jo is ecstatic and can't wait for Laurie to return home so she can tell him the good news. But when he arrives, he brings a wife -- Amy! Jo tries to cover her shock as the two explain that they were married several weeks earlier. After a while she realizes it is right and is able to congratulate them. Aunt March dies and leaves Jo her estate consisting of a large house and several acres. Jo decides to open a school for orphans. Professor Bhaer unexpectedly arrives during a family get-together. He thinks Jo and Laurie are married but is relieved when Jo explains that is not the case. In a few weeks he is leaving for the west to accept a position at a college. Impulsively he proposes to Jo and she accepts. They kiss as the rain pours down around them.
tt0398712
Action,Crime,Drama
On New Years Eve, Detroit's oldest police station, Precinct 13, is about to close forever. Only a skeleton crew of officers are on duty for New Year's Eve, including Sergeant Jake Roenick (Ethan Hawke), veteran officer Jasper (Brian Dennehy), secretary Iris (Drea de Matteo), and psychiatrist Alex (Maria Bello). Roenick is haunted by a botched undercover operation from eight months before that resulted in the death of the other two members of his team. Meanwhile, crime lord Marion Bishop (Laurence Fishburne) is arrested after a confrontation results in the death of an undercover officer. Bishop is put on a prison bus with three other criminals: meth addict Beck (John Leguizamo), petty crook Anna (Aisha Hinds), and counterfeiter Smiley (Ja Rule). A raging snowstorm and treacherous road conditions force the bus driver to make a detour to Precinct 13, where the prisoners are to be held until the storm is over. New Year's celebrations at the precinct are soon cut short, however, as an intrusion by two masked gunmen results in the death of one of the prison guards, and fatally injures the other. The officers soon find they are surrounded by unknown assailants, preparing to lay siege to the precinct. The electricity in the station then goes off and all the land-line phone lines are cut. Cellular phone reception has also been jammed, as well as any radio communication. After one of the attackers throws a brick into the precinct with "Bishop" written on it, Jasper claims they are Bishop's men, here to extract him. This is proven to be false, however, after Roenick kills one of the attackers in another assault and reclaims the man's wallet, which contained his police badge. Bishop then reveals the attackers are actually policemen, led by corrupt Captain Marcus Duvall (Gabriel Byrne). Previously, Bishop and Duvall were partners in crime, but Duvall got greedy. Now he and his men, including Sgt. Mike Kahane (Currie Graham), are there to kill Bishop before he can testify at trial, saving all officers involved a hefty prison sentence. However, now that everyone inside Precinct 13 knows of the true plot instead of just Bishop, they are all a liability and must be eliminated. Heavily outnumbered by a growing police force made up of dirty street cops and SWAT officers, Roenick makes the decision to free and arm the prisoners to help them hold out until dawn. Although the officers do not trust the criminals, and vice-versa, Roenick and Bishop reach an agreement to cooperate in order to stand a chance to survive the night. With their combined efforts, they manage to repel further attacks by the police forces, and reclaim their weapons. Soon Precinct 13 is joined by another officer, off-duty cop Capra (Matt Craven). After driving erratically enough to evade the snipers from the buildings across the street, he scurries into the building completely confused and panicked. The attending officers welcome him with open arms, but Beck accuses him of being a plant. Fearing he may start a shootout, Bishop subdues Beck to calm him down and settles the conflict. Smiley also thinks that Capra is a plant, so he and Beck decide to risk the police force outside for a shot at freedom, and plan an escape over a nearby fence. As the prison bus explodes and they notice Smiley and Beck escaping, they decide to use this as a distraction and also plan an escape, making use of Capra's car in order for a couple people to flee the precinct and call for help while the police are busy with Beck and Smiley. Anna, who can hotwire a car, volunteers to go. Alex also goes along. Beck and Smiley make it to the perimeter fence before they are killed by snipers. Anna and Alex appear to have made it, before a cop hidden in the backseat shoots and kills Anna, causing the car to crash and Alex to be captured. Alex is brought before Duvall, who asks her how many are in the precinct. Defiant, she replies "a hundred", and she is executed by Duvall after complimenting her on her bravery. With only Roenick, Bishop, Jasper, Capra, and Iris left, the precinct stands little chance of withstanding further assaults. Bishop discovers the handcuffs that were holding the back door locked are removed. He concludes that someone inside is helping the police and accuses Capra, but before anything can be done, the police begin to lay siege to the precinct with SWAT reinforcements from the rooftop when a police helicopter arrives and begins dropping men onto the roof. Jasper miraculously remembers an old sewage entrance beneath the precinct, and Roenick and Bishop set the precinct on fire to slow their pursuers. The survivors escape along an abandoned sewer passageway, but even as they find themselves on a deserted street they are suddenly surrounded by the corrupt policemen. Jasper reveals himself to have been the traitor all along, and the officers led by Duvall prepare to execute the remaining survivors. Bishop sneaks a flash grenade into Jasper's jacket, and in the ensuing distraction the survivors disarm the officers and escape. Iris and Capra attempt to escape in the officers' car, while Roenick and Bishop flee into the forest. Duvall and another officer pursue Roenick, while Kahane goes after the car. The car flips and Capra is heavily injured, but Iris manages to stab Kahane with his own knife. In the nearby forest, Roenick is suddenly confronted by Bishop, who offers to cooperate in order to kill Duvall. As the corrupt officers have night vision and Roenick and Bishop do not, Roenick volunteers to draw their fire so Bishop can see the muzzle flashes from their weapons, and dispose of them while they are distracted. The plan works, and Bishop kills the accompanying officer, but he is then shot in the stomach by Duvall who orders Bishop to lure Roenick into a trap. Roenick arrives and guns down Duvall, but is shot in the side and injured also. After considering their cooperation throughout the night, Bishop decides to spare Roenick, who vows that he will find and arrest him someday. After Bishop limps away, officers led by Iris arrive. An officer asks Roenick if anyone else is in the forest, and after looking around for a moment he replies "no". The last shot is of an injured Roenick and Iris making their way to the ambulance, where Iris states she did not even recognize the battle-hardened Roenick of the night, and he replies, "get used to it."
tt0241025
Drama
The movie Vanity Fair (2004) is based on one of the most beloved of all 19th century novels, by the same name, written by William Makepiece Thackeray, a contemporary and friend of Charles Dickens. The movie opens by introducing our two heroines, Rebecca Sharp and Amelia Sedley, who are the best of friends. The girls are about to graduate from an Academy for Young Ladies. Amelia, who comes from a rich family, is a kind and innocent person loved by her classmates and "sucked up to" by her teachers. (I think I just sensed Thackeray rolling over in his grave by my use of slang!) Backy is a poor orphan, who has only been allowed to stay at the school as an unpaid teacher of the French language. She is not called "Sharp" by accident. She has no friends except Amelia, and couldn't care less. Before Becky starts to look for work as a governess, she has been invited to stay for a while at the Sedley home. Here she meets 2 young men; one, Amelia's brother, Josiah is a figure of fun---he is home on a visit from India where he works as an administrator; the other, George is Amelia's fiancee. George has many faults; he is a dreadful snob, he is bored by Amelia and fails to appreciate her love (the two have been engaged since childhood.); he gambles recklessly with his father's money and in fact has been encouraged by dear old Dad to do anything that will raise him above his shameful background in "trade. "The 4 young people make up a party to go to a sort of pleasure garden. Becky sets her cap for Jos, and probably could have snatched him up, but George sneers to Jos that it would be dreadful for him(George) to have to tolerate having a lowly governess for a sister-in-law. Both men are very conscious of the opinion of the chaps at the club!!! So Becky's first try at entering society fails. George's father has bought him a commission in a military regiment. Through this connection, we are introduced to another Army man, Captain William Dobbin. Dobbin adored Amelia with the pure love
tt0120877
Action,Horror,Thriller
Jack Crow (James Woods) is a professional and Vatican-funded vampire slayer. He and his team of slayers have just rooted out a nest of nine vampires in the New Mexico desert but, disappointingly, the master vampire--Jan Valek--was not there. Still, the team is partying at the Sun God Motel, rejoicing in their victory. Unbeknown to the slayers, Valek (Thomas Ian Griffith) is in the adjoining room, seducing and biting Katrina (Sheryl Lee), a hooker hired for the party. Before Jack is even aware of Valek's presence, Valek has viciously slain his entire team as well as all the hookers. During the battle, Valek says Jack's name, which takes the slayer by surprise. Only Jack, Katrina, and Jack's partner Montoya (Daniel Baldwin) manage to escape. After beheading and burning the bodies of his team (to make sure they don't turn into vampires), Jack goes directly to Cardinal Alba (Maximilian Schell) for further instructions. Alba has more bad news. Their European team was also wiped out three days ago near Cologne, Germany, and a portrait of Jan Valek was found there. According to archivist, Father Adam Guiteau (Tim Guinee), Valek was a 14th century priest who turned against the church and was burned at the stake for heresy. After his death, however, Valek became a vampire, the first of his kind. The Vatican wants Jack to rebuild his team, and they give him Guiteau as his first replacement. Jack wants nothing to do with the milquetoast bookworm, especially because he suspects the team's slaying was a setup, and it could just as easily have been Guiteau as anyone else in the church. After physically abusing Guiteau a few times, Jack levels with him. He shows him a map of where nests of vampires have been killed in the Southwest since the 1800s. It shows a pattern of an ever-widening circle, and Jack thinks that they're searching for something. Furthermore, he thinks they might be searching for a black cross that he heard of when he was young. Meanwhile, Montoya and Katrina are holed up in a hotel. Katrina hasn't turned yet and, when she finds out that she's been bitten by a vampire. Montoya wants to keep her around because of her telepathic link to Valek. She tries to commit suicide by jumping off a ledge but Montoya manages to pull her back through the window, but he cuts his arm while doing so, and Katrina grabs it and starts sucking. Montoya knocks her out and then burns the bite with a lighter, hoping to sterilize it from the sickness that will convert him. When Katrina awakens, she starts having visions. The first one is of Valek in a church in San Miguel County. The next vision shows Valek looking at a map and then killing a priest. Guiteau offers to get a list of all the churches in the county, a clue that leads them to Father Molina, whose body was found decapitated and laying alongside a dirt road. After further brutal interrogation by Jack, Guiteau finally confesses that Molina was the only one in the world who knew the whereabouts of the black Bersier cross, an ancient relic from the Old World (Europe) that was used in the exorcism meant to drive the demons from Valek's body. Unfortunately, the exorcism resulted in turning him into a vampire was never completed, leaving Valek vulnerable to the sun. He needs the cross now to finish the ritual. If he succeeds, he will be able to live in the daytime. A master vampire able to walk in the sun would be unstoppable. It's sundown and Valek with a new group of vampires are rising from the ground where they sleep. Through her telepathic connection to Valek, Katrina can tell that he is accompanied by seven other master vampires. She can see them headed into a small Spanish mission. She can see the vampires brutally slaying the mission clerics. And she can see Valek taking down the black cross. "He's got it!" she smiles. The next day Katrina leads Jack and Montoya to the small, deserted town of Santiago where she says Valek is hiding in the best-constructed building in town -- the jailhouse. With only three slayers and as many as 30 vampires, Jack, Montoya, and Guiteau have their work cut out for them. As the day wears on, Guiteau lures out the vampires, Jack shoots stakes into their chests from his crossbow, and Montoya drives the winch that pulls the vampires out into the sun where they burn up. With the sun setting rapidly, it is time to end the day's work before the other vampires wake up. Montoya and Katrina escape in the jeep, Guiteau hides behind a counter in a restaurant, finding a shotgun, but Valek catches Jack and ties him up. Jack wonders why Valek just doesn't kill him. Suddenly, Cardinal Alba steps out of the shadows. Admitting he was the one who betrayed the slayers, he says he's struck a deal with Valek to give him immortality for finishing the ritual that will complete Valek's transformation. Meanwhile, Katrina has completed her change. She bites Montoya's neck, drinks some of his blood, and then leaves him for dead in the jeep and rejoins Valek and his vampires. Montoya shoots off a few rounds with his gun and then places the hot barrel to his neck, hoping to sterilize the bite. The ceremony is beginning, and Jack discovers that he is to part of it, because the ceremony requires a ritual sacrifice by crucifixion of a slayer at the moment of dawn. The vampires tie Jack to a cross and Alba begins by slicing Jack's leg, collecting the blood, and passing it to Valek to drink. As the sun begins to rise, Guiteau (who has been listening to everything from his hiding place in the restaurant) shoots Alba. With no priest to finish the ritual, Valek tries to force Guiteau to do it, but Guiteau turns the gun on himself. Just when it looks like Guiteau might have to shoot himself, Montoya appears in the jeep. He fires a stake into the cross and, using the winch, pulls it down. Guiteau leaps forward and cuts Jack free. As the sun continues to rise, the vampires run for cover, with Jack and Guiteau following. They trap Valek, who leaps at Jack. Jack holds up the Bersier cross and Valek lands on it, impaling himself. As Valek attempts to pull out the cross, Jack pulls down the dilapidated ceiling. The sunlight streams in, and Valek bursts into flames. In the final scene, knowing that they have more vampires to kill, Montoya finally admits to Jack that he's been bitten twice by Katrina, who is lying in the back of the truck in order to stay out of the sun. He also says that he can no longer function as a slayer and that he intends to take Katrina south where he can take care of her. Guiteau tries to kill Montoya, but Jack steps between them. Knowing that Montoya was first bitten two days ago but still saved his life in the fight with the vampires, Jack figures he owes Montoya two days. However, he promises that, when those two days are up, he will hunt down Montoya and Katrina and kill both of them. The soon-to-be-turned vamp Montoya and the vampire Katrina drive away while Jack and Guiteau stay behind to clean up the town of the surviving vampires before pursing them. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0146336
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
On a dark and rainy night, a young woman, named Michelle Mancini (Natasha Gregson Wagner), is driving her pickup truck, listening to a college campus radio DJ. After nearly colliding with another car, she realizes that she is almost out of gas and pulls into the nearest gas station, a creepy looking, run-down place in the middle of nowhere. The strange-looking attendant offers to fill up her car, and Michelle offers to pay by credit card. After a minute, the attendant convinces Michelle that her credit card is not working and wants her to come into his office to speak to the credit card company on the phone. However, when Michelle gets inside the station and picks up the phone, there is no one on the other line. The attendant approaches her and excitedly stutters, but he cannot say anything clearly. The fearful woman sprays mace in his face and manages to run back to her truck and speeds away while the attendant remains behind and yells after her that he's only trying to help her and screaming, "SOMEONE'S IN THE BACK SEAT!" On the road, Michelle relaxes a little bit until someone sits up in the back seat and swings an axe at her. That same night, inside a coffee shop lounge at Pendleton University, college student Parker Riley (Michael Rosenbaum) is telling an urban legend called the 'Stanley Hall Massacre' about 25 years ago when a crazy professor killed a dozen students at a closed down dorm on campus. Two of the students, Natalie Simon (Alicia Witt) and Brenda Bates (Rebecca Gayheart), listen with skepticism while they listen to Parker's girlfriend, Sasha Thomas (Tara Reid), who operates a local radio call-in show, finish her broadcast. Paul Gardener (Jared Leto), a pompous college reporter, joins the group and sneers at Parker's yarn. Brenda is obviously attracted to Paul. Natalie and Brenda walk towards the closed down Stanley Hall dorm building, where they suggest they chant Bloody Mary as a gag, when they are surprised by Damon Brooks (Joshua Jackson), a misfit student who taunts them over going inside the boarded up building. Natalie and Brenda split up where Natalie goes home to her dorm room where she interrupts her Goth girl roommate, Tosh Guaneri (Danielle Harris), having sex with a Goth guy. The next day in class, Professor William Wexler (Robert Englund) is discussing folklore and urban legends. Damon, the class goof-off, walks up to the front of the class and tries drinking soda and pop rocks candy to prove the urban legend that his stomach will not explode. He then feigns going into a seizure and playing dead much to the annoyance of Wexler and the amusement of his friends. Later that day, Natalie and Brenda see Paul distributing out newspapers detailing about the decapitation murder the previous night in which the stuffy Dean Adams (John Neviulle) and the campus security guard, Reese Wilson (Loretta Devine), seizes copies of the school paper about the recent murder. Paul protests to the dean about a possible murder on the campus. But Adams tells Paul that there is no killer and the only crazy person is him. Later that day, Natalie, Brenda, Paul, Parker, Sasha, and Damon meet where they discuss the murder. Natalie claims not to know the murder victim, but she has in her procession a high school yearbook which shows that Natalie and Michelle were captains of their cheerleading squad. That evening, Damon arrives at Natalie's dorm room to console her and takes her someplace in his car to talk. After driving to a secluded part in the nearby woods, Natalie is angry to discover that Damon only wants to talk to her to persuade her for some need of loving. After Natalie becomes angry and demands that Damon take her home, he exits the car to the call of nature when someone attacks him with a rope. When Natalie goes to check on him, the killer, wearing a heavy hooded winter overcoat, attacks her. As she tries to drive away, Damon, tied to a rope attached to the bumper of the car is hoisted up and choked to death. His body lands on top of the car, forcing Natalie to get out and run. Natalie goes to the campus security office and tells Reese about the killing, but when the both arrive at the scene, the body and Damon's car are gone. The next day, after failing to locate Damon, Natalie's friends are skeptic to her claims of a murder and think that Damons disappearance is one of his practical jokes. Natalie goes to the library to research urban legends by reading a book titled 'The Encyclopedia of Urban Legends'. While Natalie is in the library, Tosh meets a fellow Goth guy online and they plan to meet. When she returns from the bathroom to get ready for her date, the killer is waiting for her in the room and attacks. Natalie walks into the room and assumes the noises are of Tosh having sex again. The killer pulls out the electrical plugs for the lights in the room, and Natalie goes to bed, not realizing that Tosh is being strangled to death. The next morning, Natalie wakes up and sees her roommate dead from slashed wrists and a message left by the killer written on a wall in blood saying: "Aren't you glad you didn't turn on the lights?" Everyone thinks that Tosh committed suicide and the message on the wall was "a very morbid suicide note". Natalie convinces Paul that Tosh's death was not a suicide and they look for evidence about the Stanley Hall Massacre, but they find no evidence and all the old newspaper clippings in the library from 1972 where the killings took place are gone. Natalie and Paul run into the creepy-looking janitor where they ask him questions about the Stanley Hall Massacre and the janitor tells them to talk to Wexler. Natalie and Paul sneak into Wexler's office for evidence and are caught by the professor. Brought before Dean Adams, Paul asks about the Stanley Hall Massacre, but the dean avoids the question by telling Paul that he's fired from the school newspaper and tells both of them to stop investigating something that never happened. Adams further tells Natalie that she has a criminal records for "reckless endangerment" and served a year of probation and that she too is to stop investigating the urban legend about the Stanley Hall Massacre if she wants to stay at the college. Outside, Paul becomes angry when Natalie continues to avoid his questions about her past or if she knew Michelle. Later, Natalie walks into the campus swimming pool where Brenda is doing laps when she thinks she sees the killer approach. But the figure in the winter coat is only a fellow colleague. In the locker room, Natalie confides in Brenda that she did know Michelle. She tells the story of how she and Michelle were out driving one night on a dark road without their cars headlights on when a passing car flashed them and, with Michelle driving, the chased down the car in which the car went off the road and the driver was killed. That evening, Dead Adams is in the parking garage to drive home when the killer ambushes him and kills him by slashing his ankles and driving over him with his own car. At a fraternity party where Parker is throwing, Paul arrives with an old newspaper article given to him by the janitor which tells that Wexler was the sole survivor of the 1972 Stanley Hall Massacre and that he may be responsible for the killings. When Natalie admits to having feelings for Paul, they kiss. Brenda sees this and in a jealous rage, leaves the party. A little later, during the party, Parker gets a phone call and is told about what happened to his pet dog (it was cooked in a kitchen microwave over as another urban legends). He runs into a nearby bathroom to throw up when the killer attacks him and kills him by pouring pop rocks and liquid draino drown his throat. While Natalie is trying to reach Paul who ran off, Sasha is attacked at the radio station by the killer who chases her through the building with an axe. Natalie hears Sasha screaming over the radio and runs over to the station but is too late as the killer catches up to Sasha and axes her to death. Meanwhile, Reese searches Wexler's office but finds the floor covered with blood. She calls the police, but because of a serious thunderstorm, the roads are washed out. Reese goes off to find the killer on her own. Natalie runs into Paul outside her doom room and becomes suspicious to where he went during the time Sasha was killed. They both find Brenda, in which they become suspicious about her. They drive away from the campus to look for help when they stop at another gas station. While Paul goes to a phone to call the police, Brenda and Natalie notice a strange odor and upon opening the car truck, discover the dead and mangled body of Professor Wexler. They both run away and into the nearby woods where they both split up. On a back road, Natalie is picked up by the eerie janitor (Julian Richings). But the killer chases them in another car and the janitors truck runs off the road in which the janitor hits his head and is killed. Natalie returns to the campus and tries calling for help on a police phone, but she hears screams from inside the abandoned Stanley Hall building where there is a light on the third floor. Natalie breaks in to look around and finds the dead bodies of Parker, Adams, and Damon. She finds Brenda lying motionless on a bed in a room lit with hundreds of different candles. But before she can react, Natalie is knocked out. Waking up later, Natalie finds herself tied to the bed with the killer standing over here in which the hood comes off to reveal..... Brenda. No longer acting like the casualty nice and friendly girl as seen thorough the movie, the sneering and wild-eyed Brenda explains to Natalie that the boy who was killed in the accident by Michelle and Natalie years before was Brenda's boyfriend. Brenda befriended Natalie this whole time to torment her with this urban legends as her insane way of getting even with her. Just as Brenda is about to kill Natalie by removing her kidneys as the "kidney heist" urban legends, Reese appears to come to Natalie's rescue, but Brenda attacks Reese with a knife and wrestles her gun away. Just then, Paul appears applauding Brenda for her revenge plan and offers wanting a part of it for the credit for his career. But Brenda is not fooled and before she can shoot either one of them, Reese revives and shoots Brenda. However, as Paul and Natalie are driving away to find help and safety, Brenda sits up in the back seat of their car and attacks them in the same manner she killed Michelle in the opening scene. Paul smashes the car into a guardrail and Brenda smashes through the windshield and off a bridge into a river far below. Some time later at another college campus, a group of college students are discussing the recent Pendleton Massacre and about the urban legends, when one student, whom is the alive and well Brenda with a different haircult, offers to tell them the real story about all it.
tt0333780
Comedy
Elle Woods played by Reese Witherspoon is a Harvard lawyer who goes to Washington D.C. to change the law on animal testing. She runs into the political system, the U.S. Congress. Lucky for her, she meets a doorman, Sidney played by Bob Newhart, who shows her how the system works to get a bill passed. She writes `The Bruiser Bill' and puts it in the hopper of Congress. Elle needs 218 signatures to get her bill to be voted on. She gets some unlikely support from several members of Congress she befriends. To get more support, Elle has a Million Dog March on Washington. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0264395
Action,Crime,Drama
A helicopter circles over the Panamanian jungle. On board is a team of Army Ranger trainees and their instructor, Master Sergeant Nathan West (Samuel L. Jackson). Their objective is to move through the jungle in hurricane weather, use live ammo to hit pop-up metal targets, then rendezvous at a small bunker. Seventeen hours later, Colonel Bill Styles (Timothy Daly) is aboard a helicopter searching for the same team he had expected back on base a long time ago. He witness three of his rangers, later identified as Ray Dunbar, Second Lieutenant Levi Kendall and Mueller, emerge from the jungle. However, things seems to have gone horribly wrong as Dunbar and Mueller are shooting at each other and Kendall is unconscious on Dunbar's shoulders. Dunbar kills Mueller in self-defense. The rest of the team, including West, are not found and presumed dead. In an interrogation room back on base, Captain Julia Osborne (Connie Nielsen) makes little headway with Dunbar, who refuses to talk. He is given a pad of paper on which he writes that he will only speak to a fellow Ranger, someone from outside the base, and draws an "8" inside a circle on the piece of paper. Noticeably spooked upon seeing the 8, base commander, Colonel Styles calls in a friend and experienced interrogator, Tom Hardy (John Travolta). Hardy, an ex-Ranger who quit the army, is now a DEA agent who is presently under investigation for suspicion of bribery. We also find out that Hardy served under West when he was a Ranger and hated him. Hardy and Osborne, initially wary of each other, are forced to work together during the 6 hours they are given before the CID transportation from Washington will arrive to take Dunbar and Kendall away to initiate an investigation. Styles wants to provide as many answers as possible before they take over so their investigation can be as quiet as possible. Osborne doesn't approve Hardy's involvement in her investigation because of his messy resume but does come around when Hardy strikes a conversation with Dunbar, who, until now, had not uttered a single word, proving he is more qualified than he looks. The audience learns through Dunbar that West is infamous for being a ruthless, tough-as-nails sergeant. One trainee in Dunbar's unit, a black soldier named Pike, earned West's wrath more than any other. Pike was selected for the Panama training mission along with Dunbar, Kendall, Mueller and two other soldiers, Nuñez and Castro. Since he seemed to have plenty of reasons to hate West, it is suggested that Pike had enough motive to murder him. At this point, Dunbar refuses to say anything more but confirms that the other members of the team and West are all dead. Hardy and Osborne then visit the other surviving team member, Second Lieutenant Levi Kendall, who is recovering from gunshot wounds sustained during the mission. It is revealed that Kendall is the son of a Joint Chiefs of Staff general. At the hospital, Hardy runs into Dr. Peter Vilmer (Harry Connick Jr.), an old friend, and also Osborne's on-again, off-again lover. Kendall reveals that he's gay and once had a homosexual relationship with another soldier that became public. His father pulled some strings to have Kendall transferred to West's unit to cover up the scandal. He claims West hated him for that. He also claims that West silently threatened his life in the helicopter, shortly before the mission began. Kendall was partnered with Castro for the mission and feared that West may have bribed Castro to give him a "training accident". Kendall explains that during the exercise, they found West dead, apparently hit in the back with a white phosphorus grenade, and that Pike later confessed to the crime, thinking that his comrades would go along with it. However, the team decided to turn Pike in when they would be picked up the next morning. In the middle of the night, Pike tried to rouse Kendall's sympathies by playing to their mutual hatred of West. Pike proposed they kill Mueller and Nunez and persuade Dunbar and Castro to back them up. Kendall dismissed Pike's proposal and went back to his sleeping area. He later spotted Pike whispering to Dunbar. According to Kendall, Dunbar then went back to his bag, retrieved his pistol and aimed it at a sleeping Mueller. Kendall intervened, and caused Mueller to shoot Castro. After Castro was hit, he fired frantically striking Nunez, Kendall and Pike. Nunez and Pike were killed and Kendall was wounded. Dunbar then carried the wounded Kendall on his back through the jungle, exchanged fire with Mueller, and was picked up, as seen in the beginning of the movie. When asked why Dunbar would go through all the trouble of carrying him out of the jungle, Kendall suggests that perhaps Dunbar expected him to cover for him in gratitude for saving his life. Hardy and Osborne confronts Dunbar with Kendall's revelations. An angry Dunbar claims that Kendall is lying and that he didn't shoot West. He also claims that Mueller and Castro were selling prescription drug injection kits called "combat cocktails" which help dull physical pain and sharpen the mind, and that Kendall was in on it. Hardy refuses Dunbar's drug story because he thinks Dunbar only said drugs to get Hardy's attention as a DEA agent. The argument leads to a fist fight and Hardy almost leaves the base angry with Osbourne trying to convince him to stay. However, their argument stops when Hardy remembers Dunbar's words about not shooting West. He realizes that, according to Kendall's story, West was not shot but hit with a phosphorus grenade. Hardy starts to believe Dunbar doesn't know how West really was killed. They return to Dunbar to listen to the rest of his story. Dunbar explains that the grenade was used to lure West at a specific point where Mueller shot him because he was aware of their drug dealing. Mueller used Pike's grenade, which he had stolen from his pack earlier, to avoid suspicion. Back at the bunker, Mueller tried to pin the blame on Pike, but when Pike began pointing out evidence that threw suspicion on Mueller instead, a fierce argument began, Mueller lost his temper and shot Pike in the head. A firefight ensued and Castro and Nunez were killed. Dunbar rescued Kendall, hiked through the jungle, killed Mueller and was picked up by the helicopter. At Osborne's request, Dunbar provides proof of the alleged drug-dealing operation. He also says that it was Vilmer who supplied the drugs to Mueller and Castro. When Osborne and Hardy return to the hospital, they speak briefly with Dr. Vilmer. After a short interrogation, during which Osborne breaks his nose with a phone book, Vilmer admits that he distributed to Mueller and Kendall and that he falsified drug tests so that the soldiers would come up clean. Vilmer is then placed under arrest. Styles accepts Dunbars and Vilmers confessions as enough to close the investigation. When Osbourne suggests that Kendall should be questioned further since he lied the first time, Styles orders them to stay away from Kendall considering his father's status. Hardy and Osborne ignore the order and return to confront Kendall, who is acting odd and refuses to give them any useful information, even mocking them. He still claims that Dunbar is the guilty party. After a few minutes, Hardy notices that Kendall is bleeding out of his ears. Suddenly, Kendall starts vomiting blood and then abruptly dies. Right before Kendall dies he uses his blood soaked finger to draw the symbol for infinity in Osborne's hand. Styles is furious that Osborne and Hardy ignored his orders. He relieves Osborne of her duty and asks Hardy to leave. He informs them that Dunbar and Vilmer will be taken away shortly on the transport plane that has arrived from the U.S. and he considers the investigation closed. Osborne comments on Kendall's drawing in her hand when she realizes that he didn't draw the infinity symbol, but an 8. Remembering Dunbar's note which also had an 8, she shows this to Hardy, who first denies knowing what the 8 may symbolize. When she insists on pursuing her investigation even though they were just ordered to drop it, Hardy finally explains the conversation he had earlier with Styles about a rumored group of ex-Rangers in Panama, trained under West, who turned rogue and became drug-dealers. They call themselves Section 8. Osborne, mad at Hardy for not telling her sooner engages him in a fist fight that ends when Hardy tries to kiss her and she pulls her gun on him. After their scuffle, they return to the stockade where Vilmer, still in custody, remarks to Hardy and Osborne in an offhand manner that he will be on the same plane as Pike. Hardy corrects him, saying that he'll be on the same plane as Dunbar, but Vilmer says that's not right. He explains that Ray Dunbar is black. This means that the white "Dunbar" Hardy and Osborne have been questioning all night is in fact Pike, the man whom West antagonized during training (according to his own story). Pike had switched his tags with Dunbar's in order to throw off the local authorities, then disappear after being transported for trial. The soldier files never specifies the soldier's ethnicity. Hardy and Osborne rush back to the base just as Pike is being taken onto a transport plane. Hardy grabs Pike and holds his face dangerously close to the plane's whirling propeller until Pike faints and drops to his knees. Afterwards, Hardy and Osborne lead Pike away to interrogate him again now that they know the truth. In Pike's new story, West was not shot. Pike claimed West knew about the real operation going on at the base, cocaine smuggling. He claims West confronted the Rangers in the bunker and told them that he would turn them in to authorities in the morning and tell Styles everything. A brief Mexican standoff ensued and West escaped the bunker. Nuñez chased after him, but got shot by West. Shortly after Castro and Mueller went looking for West. Later on, Pike and Kendall found Dunbar dead. West surprised them and shot Kendall, wounding him, and then tried to persuade Pike to surrender himself. Mueller then came out and managed to kill West. Pike shot at Mueller, and then, knowing that he would be blamed if West died, took Dunbar's dog tags. It is still thoroughly established that he managed to escape, carried Kendall through the jungle, killed Mueller and was picked up by the helicopter. To prove his story, he gives Hardy, Osborne and Styles, the number of a crate where Vilmer had stowed cocaine. Satisfied that they finally have their answers, Hardy and Styles retreat to Styles' office, unknowingly followed by Osborne who finds it odd that she was not invited to join them. Hardy tells Styles that he finds it odd that West didn't tell his colonel (Styles) about the drugs as soon as he suspected something. Hardy then accuses Styles of lying; he tells Styles that he believes West did in fact go to him, but that he was behind the drug trafficking operation the whole time. Rather than side with West, he ordered Mueller and Kendall to kill him and then poisoned Kendall afterward to keep him quiet. Styles laughs off the accusations, but as Hardy starts to leave, Styles offers him a percentage of the operation to keep his mouth shut, confirming he is indeed behind the whole drug operation. Hardy now understands why Styles called him to investigate. If he found anything, he could be easily discredited or bought. Hardy says he'll have to think about it and turns to leave. Styles draws his weapon to shoot Hardy, but is shot and killed by Osborne who heard the whole exchange. After the Military Police wraps up the investigation into Styles' shooting, Hardy and Osborne have a coffee before they leave the base separately. Hardy tells Osborne not to worry about the charges and that she would be cleared. All she has to do is "Tell the story right". Osborne recalls hearing that same phrase during both Kendall and Pike's stories, particularly in describing how members of the conspiracy planned to cover up West's death. This makes Osborne suspect Hardy may be somehow involved, especially since he hated West and because Section 8 is rumored to contain many of West's former trainees. She tails him out of the base and watches as Pike suddenly runs out from some bushes and into Hardy's jeep. She follows them by car and then by foot through the streets of Panama City and watches as the two of them enter a doorway with a big eight ball hanging over it. Osborne sneaks up behind Hardy and Pike, with her weapon drawn, believing that they are Section 8 and are responsible for West's murder. She confronts Hardy with her own theories but becomes very confused when West, very much alive and well, walks up behind her and sits at the table with Pike and Hardy. Castro, Dunbar and Nuñez, also alive, come out of the kitchen and join them. They reveal to Osbourne that Section 8 is in fact a special black-ops anti-drug unit led by Tom Hardy himself. The mercenary stories are used as a cover to spook the cartels. Dunbar, Castro, Nuñez and Pike (all fake names) infiltrated the base to investigate the cocaine trafficking that was going on, and discovered that Mueller, Kendall and Vilmer were responsible. West, not realizing that Styles was also involved, informed him of their findings, although keeping their involvement a secret. Styles responded by ordering Mueller and Kendall to kill West. The training mission was a set-up to get rid of Mueller and Kendall, and fake West's death. West joined Section 8, and Hardy went to the base to confirm Styles' and Vilmer's involvement. West and Hardy then offer Osborne a job within their group. The movie ends when it is revealed that Tom Hardy is not a DEA agent and never left the army. He's in fact, a Colonel.
tt0318081
Action,Adventure,Horror
In the year 2055, the rich are able to travel back in time and hunt a live dinosaur for a huge price. Sonia Rand has developed a machine that can take people back in time. Charles Hatton has taken this technology and opened a business know as Time Safari. Anyone with the money can travel back millions of years and shoot a dinosaur. Dr. Travis Ryer leads his team together with the big game hunter on a floating walkway to a spot where they can kill the dinosaur. The trip protocol is that they must stay on the walkway and not disturb the land or anything creature around them. Unfortunately for the human race, one hunter steps on and kills a butterfly. This insignificant act starts off major consequences to the earth's climate and creates new species of animal life. The course of evolution as we know it is now being changed by time waves. Travis and Sonia try to stop the changing process before it becomes permanent and man becomes extinct.
tt0268995
Drama,Romance
During the early 1950s, Peter Appleton (Jim Carrey), an up-and-coming young screenwriter, is accused of being a Communist because he attended an antiwar meeting in college years before, a meeting he claims he only attended to impress a girl. In an instant, his new film is pushed back for a few months, the credit is given to someone else, his movie star girlfriend leaves him, and his contract with the studio is dropped. His career in ruins, he gets drunk and accidentally drives his car off a bridge while trying to avoid an opossum. When he wakes up, his memory is lost and he is in a small town called Lawson after being fished out by Stan Keller (James Whitmore) who takes him to the local doctor named Doc Stanton (David Ogden Stiers). The townsfolk believe him to be Luke Trimble, one of the town boys killed in World War II 9 years before, and embrace him as a symbol of hope. "Luke" is at first mildly hesitant to embrace this life but he eventually settles in to "his old life", and with his "father" Harry (Martin Landau) and his "girlfriend" Adele Stanton (Laurie Holden), starts to restore The Majestic theater, an old movie house that had been closed because of hard times. Meanwhile, in Washington, D.C., Congressional committee member Elvin Clyde (Bob Balaban) is convinced that Appleton's disappearance is proof that he is a Communist. No one in Hollywood knows about the accident. Clyde sends two federal agents to search for him. Back in Lawson, not everyone believes that "Luke" is back. Bob Leffert (Karl Bury), a one-handed soldier who knew the real Luke and did not like him not only is convinced that Peter is not Luke, he also believes that this stranger is setting the town up for more heartbreak. Others question where Luke has been for so long, and what he has been doing in the interim. A few days later, the town throws a welcome home party for "Luke" headed by Mayor Ernie Cole (Jeffrey DeMunn). The town then asks him to play the piano which he used to do when he was a kid. But instead of playing one of the classics he was taught to play, he eventually falls into a roadhouse boogie tune. On his way home, he runs into Bob, who confronts him with the suspicions he has had about "Luke", and then punches him when Peter makes a remark about how the war must have changed him. Finally Peter, Harry, Adele and the rest of the townsfolk succeed in rebuilding The Majestic. In the event, Peter also convinces the town to finally display a memorial that President Franklin D. Roosevelt had commissioned for after the war, but that the town did not have the heart to erect. Peter regains his memory when the Majestic shows a movie he wrote called "Sand Pirates of the Sahara." At the same moment, Harry has a heart attack before the reel change. Moments later, Doc reveals that Harry's lungs have flooded and that he will die soon. At Harry's death bed, Peter lets him die believing that he is really his son. Immediately after the funeral, he tells Adele that he is not Luke. The whole town discovers the truth when federal agents Ellerby (Daniel von Bargen) and Saunders (Shawn Doyle) confront him publicly after two boys discover his car washed up on the beach. When Sheriff Cecil Coleman (Brent Briscoe) asks if he can help the federal agents with something, the agents present Peter with a summons to appear before Congress. That night at the Majestic, Peter's agent advises him to "admit" and then denounce his past associations with the Communist Party, and presents him with a list of named "Communists" that he could read before the court to clear his name. Initially, Peter reluctantly agrees to this plan, but an argument with Adele and a letter he finds that was written as a sort of "goodbye letter" from the real Luke (voiced by Matt Damon) trying to explain to Adele that he knows he is dying for a real cause inspire Peter to instead confront the committee. At the hearing headed up by Congressman Doyle (Hal Holbrook) which is televised with the citizens of Lawson also watching, Peter makes an impassioned speech about American ideals, which wins the crowd over. Fearing a political backlash, the lawmakers let him go free. Peter then finds out that it was in fact the girl that he went to the college meeting with years before that named him to the committee (it is revealed that she had since become a producer for Studio One). Peter then returns to Lawson, fearing an unwelcome reception. To Peter's surprise, he receives a hero's welcome from the town's citizens, who have come to respect Peter as an individual. In an epilogue, Peter settles in Lawson, marries Adele, and they have a son.
tt0306841
Adventure,Comedy,Family
At her junior high graduation Lizzie McGuire (Hilary Duff) is forced to make a speech in place of the class president, Margaret Chan, where she trips over the backdrop onstage, bringing down the curtain on everyone on stage. Subsequently, this footage was secretly sent in to "Good Morning America" by her younger brother, although it was made more popular internationally by CNN. She and her friends then leave on a class trip to Rome accompanied by her rude and strict new high school teacher Miss Ungermeyer (Alex Borstein) and her class enemy (and ex-best friend) Kate Sanders. After discovering she is sharing a room with Kate, Miss Ungermeyer takes them to the famous Trevi Fountain where Lizzie throws a coin into the water, for good luck after. Several minutes later, she meets the famous European pop star Paolo (Yani Gellman) who exclaims that Lizzie looks just like his partner-for-singing/ex-girlfriend Isabella. Paolo promises to be at the Trevi Fountain the next day, if Lizzie wishes to see him again. The next day, Lizzie pretends to be sick (the doctor believes that she is sick, because he had seen her embarrassing moment on stage on CNN, convinced that her nervous system collapsed under humiliation), and sneaks off to meet Paolo. She has gone off to a drive with Paolo, and agrees to present an award with Paolo as Isabella, to prevent Isabella from being sued (Paolo supposedly writes all the music, and Isabella lip-synchs). Later, Lizzie discovers that she also has to lip-synch "What Dreams Are Made Of", but agrees to do that too. Kate finds out the truth but helps Lizzie instead of betraying her. Lizzie continues to pretend to be sick while making the dress she is going to wear for the show. Just when her scheme is about to be discovered, Gordo sacrifices himself, tells Miss Ungermeyer that Gordo was the one sneaking out, and gets kicked off the trip. Just as he's about to board the plane home, he sees the real Isabella (Hilary Duff) at the airport and discovers the truth about Paolo. Gordo and Isabella race to the music event to stop Paolo from making a fool of Lizzie on stage. Paolo's plan was to show the world that Isabella could not sing; ironically, it turns out that Paolo was the bad singer and lip-synched while performing. Isabella and Gordo pull the plug on Paolo's mic, exposing him, and Lizzie ends up singing "What Dreams are Made of" (the "theme song" of the film) in front of the huge audience inside the Coliseum with her parents and Matt (who came to Rome because the mom and dad missed Lizzie). Later at the hotel, Paolo's now ex-bodyguard Sergei has formed a new relationship with the high school principal, Ms. Ungermeyer. Ms. Ungermeyer is informed the truth about sneaking off from Lizzie, and Gordo earns her respect as a loyal friend to Lizzie. Lizzie and Gordo sneak away for the last time from the after party to go up to the roof to talk. Gordo reassures Lizzie that things will be just as good when they go back home and that he always believed in her. Then, Lizzie kisses him and thanks him. Then, both of them return to the after party because they cannot afford getting into more trouble as we see fireworks spell out the words "The End". Source: Wikipedia, The Lizzie McGuire Movie
tt0380599
Crime,Drama
In 19th century England, penniless orphan Oliver Twist (Barney Clark) is brought to a workhouse on his ninth birthday by a parish beadle, Mr. Bumble (Jeremy Swift). Oliver and the other resident children are treated poorly and given very little food. Facing starvation, the boys select Oliver, through a lottery, to ask for more food at the next meal, which he tentatively does. This infuriates the workhouse officials (all well-fed, hypocritical men) who decide to get rid of him, and offer a cash reward for anyone willing to take Oliver off of their hands. After nearly being made an apprentice to a cruel chimney sweep, Oliver is taken in by Mr. Sowerberry (Michael Heath), an undertaker, whose wife (Gillian Hanna) and senior apprentice Noah (Chris Overton) take an instant dislike to the newcomer. After more poor treatment, Oliver snaps and attacks Noah for having insulted his late mother. Knowing his life with the Sowerberrys will only get worse, Oliver escapes on foot. With little food, Oliver embarks on the 70-mile walk to London. A kindly old woman (Liz Smith) gives him food and lodgings for a night after he collapses from exhaustion. After a week of travel, he arrives at the city, starving and shoeless. He meets Jack Dawkins, or "The Artful Dodger" (Harry Eden), a boy-thief who takes Oliver to his home that he shares with many other young pickpockets and their eccentric elderly leader, Fagin (Ben Kingsley). Soon, Oliver is being groomed to join their gang. On his first outing with the pickpockets, two of the boys steal a man's handkerchief and Oliver is framed. However he is proven innocent by an eyewitness, and the owner of the handkerchief, the wealthy Mr. Brownlow (Edward Hardwicke) takes pity on Oliver, who had collapsed from a fever during his brief trial. Brownlow informally adopts Oliver, giving him new clothes, lodgings, and the promise of a good education. While out running an errand for Brownlow, Oliver is forcibly returned to the pickpocket gang by Fagin's associate, the sinister Bill Sykes (Jamie Foreman), and Nancy (Leanne Rowe), a young prostitute who is in a complex and abusive relationship with Sykes. Fagin and Sykes worried that Oliver would "peach" and tell the authorities about their criminal activity. Oliver is put under constant supervision at Fagin's lair until Bill Sykes discovers the boy's connection to the rich Mr. Brownlow. Sykes and his accomplice, Toby Crackit (Mark Strong), force Oliver to aid them in robbing Brownlow's house. They are discovered and Oliver is wounded in a brief shootout between Brownlow and Sykes. As the three escape, Bill decides to murder Oliver to ensure his silence, but falls into a nearby river before he can take action. Bill survives his near-drowning, but is confined to bed with a heavy fever. He and Fagin (who, despite treating Oliver kindly, remains crime-focused) plot to kill Oliver when Sykes has recovered. Nancy has a maternal love for Oliver and does not want to see him hurt, but she is controlled by the abusive Sykes. Despite her fears, Nancy drugs Bill and sneaks to Brownlow's house where she arranges to have him meet her on London Bridge at midnight so she can provide information about Oliver. At the meeting, Nancy cautiously reveals that Oliver is staying with Fagin and his band of pickpockets, and that the authorities will find them easily. Brownlow leaves to call the police. The Artful Dodger, who had been sent by a suspicious Fagin to spy on Nancy, had heard everything and is bullied out of the information by Bill Sykes. Sykes is furious at Nancy's betrayal, and brutally beats her to death in their apartment when she returns. The next day, information about Oliver and Fagin appear in the newspaper, along with Nancy's murder and the suspected guilt of Bill Sykes. Sykes' ever-present dog, Bullseye, is a dead giveaway to his identity. After unsuccessfully trying to kill the dog, who scampers away into the village, Sykes takes up residence with Toby Crackit. Fagin, Oliver, and the boys are hiding there too, after escaping their previous location before the police could find them. Their safety is short-lived, as Bullseye soon guides a mob of police and locals to the group's hideout. Eventually, Dodger, who is outraged at Sykes for killing the kindhearted Nancy, reveals their location to the authorities. Bill Sykes, planning to escape, takes Oliver onto the roof, knowing he will not be shot at if the boy is with him. When trying to scale the building using a rope, Sykes loses his footing and accidentally hangs himself. Some time later, Oliver is living comfortably with Mr. Brownlow again. Fagin was arrested (though the fate of the pickpockets is unknown), and Oliver wishes to visit him in jail. Brownlow takes him to the prison, where they find Fagin ranting and wailing in his cell. Oliver is distraught at Fagin's fate, as he had been something of a father figure to Oliver. As Mr. Brownlow escorts a tearful Oliver to a carriage, gallows are being set up in the courtyard. Townspeople begin to gather to watch Fagin's execution.
tt0482603
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Jeff Daniels, Stanley Tucci, Cheryl Hines, and Andy Samberg lend their voices to this computer-animated comedy following the descendants of the first chimps in space as they blast off for fun and adventure on a far-away planet. Ham III (Samberg) is the grandson of Ham, the first-ever chimp astronaut. This ne'er-do-well chimp may not be the most qualified ape for the job, but a scheming senator (Tucci) has recruited him for a most dangerous mission. It seems that a powerful tyrant (Daniels) has overtaken an alien world, and now it's up to Ham III and his trusty simian crew (Hines and Patrick Warburton) to help overthrow the deep-space despot. Perhaps with some training from Ham III's mentor (Kenan Thompson) and the help of a friendly alien (Kristin Chenoweth) this fearless group of anthropoids can make the universe a safer place for aliens and humans alike.
tt0300051
Comedy,Drama,Romance
New York City, 1995. Oliver "Ollie" Trinké (Ben Affleck) is a powerful media publicist who meets and quickly marries an attractive young Latina woman named Gertrude Steiney (Jennifer Lopez) and they are both very happy together. After about six or seven months, Gertrude discovers that she is pregnant, but Ollie, obsessed with his publicity work, neglects her in favor of his job and doesn't lighten his workload. On her due date, Gertrude does go into labor and Ollie forces himself to leave his office to be at the the hospital with her, but tragedy strikes when Gertrude dies from internal bleeding during childbirth. To avoid his grief, Ollie buries himself in his work and spends long hours (day and night) at the office denying he is feeling any grief and ignores his newborn daughter, Gertie, while his widowed father, Bart (George Carlin), takes a month off from work at the Jersey City Sanitation Crew to care for her, but returns so that his son is forced to live up to his responsibility as a parent. Ollie is forced to take his baby daughter to work with him just when he must address a group of reporters. Under the stress of a botched diaper change and a baby who will not stop crying, Ollie trashes his latest client Will Smith, (who is late showing up for his soon-to-be released film Independence Day) in front of a large group of assembled reporters. The outburst costs him his job, so he moves out of New York and in with his father in New Jersey. He eventually apologizes for ignoring his daughter, and attributes his public outburst to his grief. Seven years later in 2003, Ollie is still living in New Jersey with his father, Bart, and seven-year-old Gertie (Raquel Castro). When he goes to apply for a job at a local publcity firm, he finds that he is still blacklisted by all of New York's public relations firms who refuse to hire him despite his impressive job resume. Ollie has been forced to work as a civil servant in the Jersey City borough where he now lives (working as a garbage collector) alongside his father. Gertie, now in elementary school, often coaxes him to rent movies to watch as spending quality time together. At the video store, they meet Maya (Liv Tyler), one of the store's clerks, whose uninhibited probing into Ollie's love life almost leads to them having casual sex. She soon becomes a part of their lives. As part of his job in the borough, Ollie speaks to a group of outraged citizens to win over their approval for a major public works project that will temporarily close a street in the neighborhood. His successful and enjoyable interaction with the crowd leads him to realize how much he misses the public relations work. He contacts Arthur (Jason Biggs), his one-time protégé, who sets up a promising interview at a promising firm who agree to meet with him. The prospect of moving to New York creates tension among Ollie, Gertie, Bart, and Maya, especially when he says that his interview is on the same day as Gertie's school talent show. She yells at him, saying she hates him and that she wishes he had died instead of her mom. He claims he hates her right back, and says she and Gertrude took his life away and he just wants it back. He immediately regrets it and tries to apologize, but the damage is done and she pushes him away and runs to her room, crying. A few days later he and Gertie apologize, and she accepts the fact that they will be moving to New York. While waiting to be interviewed at the office, he has a chance encounter with Will Smith (playing himself), the man he trashed at his public outburst years before. Smith has no idea who Ollie is, but their conversation about work and children makes him decide to sacrifice the former for the latter. Ollie walks out of the office before he is interviewed and so is able to make it to Gertie's Sweeney Todd performance at the last moment. The film ends with him, Gertie, Bart, Maya, and the rest celebrating at the bar. He and Maya hint at possible feelings for each other before being interrupted by Gertie. He holds her and says that they are staying in New Jersey with Bart because he did not take the job in New York. She asks why he did so if he loved it so much. He says that he thought he did, but he loved his new life more because being a father to her was the only thing that he was ever really good at.
tt0380623
Comedy,Family,Romance
Single mother Jean (Heather Locklear) moves every time she gets her heart broken by another guy, much to the dismay of her teenage daughter, Holly (Hilary Duff). The film stats with Holly making plans to go to her first ever school dance, which is a week away, when Jean's current boyfriend comes over and reveals he has been unfaithful to Jean and then she shoves a cake into his face. After the most recent heartbreak, Jean, Holly and her little sister, Zoe, move to Brooklyn where Holly makes friends with a girl named Amy. Holly devises a plan to invent a secret admirer for her mother, so she'll be happy and stop moving. Holly overhears her friend Amy's (Vanessa Lengies) uncle Ben (Chris Noth) ordering flowers for a woman, and decides to use his advice on women (which she acquires by telling him she needs help for a English paper on romantic leads and their modern counterparts). Following Ben's advice, she sends her mother orchids and other gifts and love notes, and is soon communicating with her mother as this fictitious admirer (who Holly names Ben) via the internet. As her mother becomes more interested, Holly has to find a photo of this admirer. She sends one of the real Ben, and then devises a reason why they can't meet in person, claiming he is opening a restaurant in China. While she is developing the online romance between her mother and fake Ben, and preventing her mother and the real Ben from meeting in person, she finds herself drawn to a cute, artistic boy in her class, Adam (Ben Feldman), but is unwilling to get close to anyone due to her history of being uprooted and having to say goodbye so often. As the charade continues, and as Holly spends more time with Ben while picking his brain for romance tips, she slowly begins to see qualities in Ben which make her believe he is her mother's 'perfect man.' Unfortunately there is no way her mother can ever meet the real Ben without Holly's plan being exposed. Holly asks help from Adam to disguise as Ben in the telephone and break up with Jean. But he fails, as he is revealed to be harboring feelings for Holly too, in effect telling Holly's mother the opposite of what is planned. Next day at school, Adam admits his feelings for Holly by kissing her. That night, Lenny (Mike O'Malley), a man who is infatuated with Jean, proposes to her and she replies with a 'maybe'. Holly, as an act of desperation, then disguises herself as Ben's secretary and arranges a meeting between Ben and her mom. Next day, when Holly mistakenly believes Ben is marrying someone else, she disrupts the wedding to tell Ben he should be with her mother - not noticing he is there because the bride was his dear friend and he was catering the wedding. An angry Ben follows her out and makes her tell him the full story. Holly then goes to the meeting place and admits the whole ruse to Jean, who seems to take it badly. Days pass by and Holly and her mom maintain a cold relationship, and Holly is insulted by her interpretation of Adam's drawing of "Princess Holly." Holly begs Jean for them to move again. Her mother is humiliated and wants to stay, but Holly tells her to leave this once for Holly. She says that she always has to move for her mom. Her mom can't argue with that so they start to pack. Adam, for what he thought was the last time, went to Holly's home and gave Holly's mom his drawing, commenting that the drawing has another side, which turns out to be Adam telling Holly that he'll always be there for her. Touched, Jean logs onto the internet with Holly's screen name and talks to Adam. Adam, thinking it's Holly, says that her mom is setting a bad example, getting up and leaving when things get bad. Jean is deeply moved by this and decides to stay, finding a new job and trying to rebuild her life without running away. She also apologizes to her daughter and tells her to look at the other side of the drawing, making Holly happy. Meanwhile Ben is intrigued by what Holly told him about her mother, and with Holly's help, Jean and Ben finally meet and Jean finds her 'perfect man' at last. Holly is on the road to her perfect man as now she has some stability in her life and finally opens up and admits her feelings for Adam. At the end, Adam and Holly go to their first school dance together.
tt0297181
Action,Adventure,Comedy
After a botched rescue operation, special agent Alex Scott (Owen Wilson) returns to National Security headquarters, and, after a brief conversation with Carlos, the revered super spy in the bureau, he is assigned a new mission by his boss, which is to recover as stolen invisible jet with agent Rachel Wright (Famke Janssen), and a civilian partner. He is then introduced to his civilian partner who will help get him into the party where the current owner of the stolen craft, arms dealer Arnold Gundars (Malcolm McDowell), will be, and that civilian is famous boxer Kelly Robinson (Eddie Murphy). Robinson is attending the party to tease the press about his upcoming match with boxer Cedric Mills (Darren Shahlavi). After meeting Robinson and his entourage, Alex flies to Budapest with them, and he and Robinson have a disagreeable plane flight, and the two obviously don't like each other. Once in Budapest, Alex and Robinson are outside their hotel when Robinson is accosted by a beautiful woman who is supposedly a fan of his. Robinson leaves with her, to Alex's dismay. Once away from Alex, a van pulls up and masked men jump out and kidnap Robinson, throwing them into the van, and the woman gets in and they drive away. They take him to an unknown location and tie him up, demanding information on Alex and the operation. Just then, Alex bursts in, guns blazing, and saves him. The woman and Alex struggle with each other, but they stop, and Robinson is confused when they both start laughing. The "dead bad guys" stand up, and Alex tells him that this was all a test to see if he was ready, and the woman is actually Rachel. The walls of the room are pulled down to reveal the inside of the makeshift headquarters of the operation, with agents milling about. Alex and Robinson then gear up and leave for the party. The two quickly infiltrate the party, with Robinson distracting Gundars and Alex breaking into Gundars' office. Robinson gives Gundars an autograph, but the villain leaves to take a bid on the stolen jet from another man, and Robinson creates another distraction by luring Cedric Mills into a ring and sparring with him for the reporters. Meanwhile, in the office, Alex waits until Gundars and the potential buyer leave, and he repels down from the ceiling so as not to trip the silent alarm. Robinson comes in, looking for him, and accidentally trips the alarm. Alex grabs him and starts to pull them up to the ceiling with the cable, but Gundars comes in and sees them, and orders his men to meet them on the roof. The two make it to the roof, but quickly avoid gunfire from incoming henchmen, and out of options, jump off of the roof and land on a food tent below. After untangling themselves, they disguise as waiters and begin to walk away, but more bad guys see them, and the chase continues. They eventually hide in a trolley and knock one pursuer out, but are discovered by others. Alex uses a gadget which inflates a large, concealed balloon, and the two grab hold of it and it floats upward and carries them over the freeway, where they let go and land on a truck transporting several cars. After crushing a blowing up several cars, they commandeer one of them and drive off, but then trade their car for a scooter. The men chase them into a street, but a train goes by and obscures them from the men's view, allowing them to hide in the sewer for the night The next morning, they return to their headquarters, and Rachel is relieved to learn that Alex is alright. Alex, who is obviously taken by Rachel, had admitted to Robinson the previous night that he likes her, and Robinson encourages him to take a chance and hook up with her. Rachel goes in the next room to take a nap, and Alex follows her. Robinson gives Alex advice on what to through an earpiece, and after a long, awkward conversation, Rachel admits that she's had a crush on Alex, despite her romantic escapades with Carlos. The two are about to have sex when other agents inform them that a tracker that Robinson slipped onto Gundars at the party is moving. Alex and Robinson head to the location, a bathhouse, and Robinson senses something going on. Suddenly, all of the men inside pull guns on them, and a large shootout ensues. Alex ends it by shooting them all, and shooting an exposed pipe which results in a large explosion. They race outside in time to see Gundars' car speed away with Rachel's car in pursuit, however, Rachel's car suddenly explodes, and Alex, distraught, flees the scene with Robinson. The two walk back to headquarters, and Alex, furious over Rachel's death, blames it on Robinson. The two get into a fist fight in the street, and several cops arrive, and break it up. Alex tells them that Robinson tried to mug him, and they arrest Robinson and take him away. Alex makes his way back to headquarters, and finds it completely dismantled and deserted, and he is able to convince his boss to continue the mission during a phone call, despite having nothing to show so far, and he uses the tracker and continues after Gundars. Meanwhile, Robinson is able to make it to his match with Cedric, and he enters the ring and begins the fight. Meanwhile, Alex tracks Gundars to the top of a bridge, where he's selling the concealed jet to a buyer. Alex takes all of the men by surprise, putting a gun to Gundars' head, and he has them all lay down their arms, when suddenly, he's disarmed by Rachel, who is alive, and working for Gundars. She then ties up Alex and beats him up, and stabs him in the leg, in an attempt to get him to reveal the activation codes for the jet. Alex is able to activate an eye camera device he had given to Robinson earlier that allows them to see what the other other is seeing, and Robinson, seeing Alex in trouble, quickly defeats Cedric and leaves to save Alex. Alex gives them the codes, but Robinson arrives, and a massive shootout begins. Together, Alex and Robinson manage to take out most of the men, when an aircraft suddenly flies overhead and Carlos parachutes in, shooting the last few bad guys. He holds all of their enemies at gun point while Alex disarms the jet's weapons, but Robinson thinks that Carlos is dirty, and punches him. Alex, after disarming the jet, gets into an intense fight with Carlos, and after he and Robinson beat him, they realize that Rachel is gone. They attempt to fly the jet back to National Security headquarters, but it crashes into a body of water on the way back, and Alex and Robinson survive, and they recover a deadly bomb that was on board. Later, in Monte Carlo, Alex and Robinson catch up to Rachel and arrest her, and Alex convinces Robinson to accompany him back to headquarters.
tt0356680
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In the opening scene, Meredith (Sarah Jessica Parker), an uptight, workaholic businesswoman is on her cell phone in a store, and her fiancee Everett Stone (Dermot Mulroney) is buying a gift for his sister Amy. He takes her phone and hangs it up. They pause as the opening credits roll with Christmas cards displaying various sketches of 'Christmasy' looking scenes. It zooms in on the Stone family home and mother Sybil Stone (Diane Keaton) sort of sadly staring out the window as her son Thad and his boyfriend/life partner Patrick drive up in their Range Rover. Thad and Patrick come into the house and Sybil gives Patrick a hug, sneaks up on Thad, who is hearing impaired. Next to arrive at the house is sister Amy Stone (Rachel McAdams), who pulls up in her beat up Volvo, which matches Kelly (Craig T. Nelson) and Sybil Stone's maroon Volvo wagon in the driveway. She is dressed sort of haphazardly and her stuff falls out of her bag into the snow. She is irritated. A similar reunion takes place inside the house, where sister Susannah and her daughter Elizabeth are also there. Brother Ben has not arrived, as he has missed the first two flights from San Francisco. It is now that sister Amy begins to tell the family (her father Kelly, mom Sybil, pregnant sister Susannah, gay-deaf brother Thad, and his boyfriend Patrick) about her dinner out in New York with other brother Everett and his girlfriend, Meredith Morton. She describes Meredith as awful, uptight, and describes how horrible she is. Meanwhile, Everett and Meredith pull up in his Saab. The family all watches them in the car through the window, where a visibly nervous Meredith is sharing her apprehension with Everett. They are dressed very formally, whereas the rest of the family is looking very bohemian. Dad Kelly goes outside to help them with their things, and Meredith has to duck out of the way as Kelly and Everett embrace. The family inside snorts. Meredith tries to shake Kelly's hand, and he sort of awkwardly hugs her. Inside they go, where everyone embraces Everett and the uncomfortable Meredith is sort of in the middle of it all, again trying with the handshake of Sybil whom she says has a lovely home. Meredith keeps shouting at Thad even though its not necessary. Everyone else knows sign language (Meredith doesn't). Little Elizabeth remarks that Meredith has nice shoes. Amy hardly acknowledges Meredith's Merry Christmas. Up to Everett's bedroom, where Meredith refuses to share a bed with him in his parents home. So Everett asks for her to have a different place to sleep, and she takes Amy's room, who isn't very happy and she and Sybil make that clear as Meredith moves her stuff in. Meredith is aware of their displeasure, but isn't getting a lot of help to rectify the situation. Then her sister, Julie, calls, and Meredith tells her that they all hate her and that yes, she is being herself. Ben shows up, where his mother informs him that there will be no pot in the house this year. They go to get pizza and Meredith tells the endless and boring story of how they met before the family settles in. Later on they play charades. Amy accuses Meredith of pointing at Patrick who is African American, to indicate the fourth word in her clue, 'The Bride Wore Black'... basically calls her a racist. Bedtime. No one is happy. Mom and Dad discuss that Everett will be asking for the ring at some point and she doesn't want to give it to him for Meredith. The next day. Meredith comes to the kitchen where Sybil is. Apologies and awkward tension. Then Amy comes in demanding coffee. More awkward tension. Sybil tells Amy that a local man is still in town and still likes her and shares with Meredith that Brad Stevenson popped Amy's cherry which Amy doesn't like. Sybil leaves the room. Meredith attempts to make small talk with Amy to no avail. Finally Meredith loses it and asks her what it was that she ever did to her, to which Amy says nothing but smiles smugly. Then Meredith announces to her that she doesn't care if she likes her or not. Amy says, "oh, sure you do." While the gift exchange takes place in the kitchen, Everett asks his mom for her mother's wedding ring that she promised him awhile back when he was dating someone she liked better than Meredith. Long story short, she doesn't want that woman wearing her mothers ring so she says "no". This is the beginning of Everett being very angry. Meredith decides to check into the local inn after the Amy incident, where her younger sister Julie (Claire Danes) will be joining her, forgoing Christmas with her own family. It is at this point where Everett loses his patience with his dysfunctional family. He gathers the group together, and declares that their behavior will now change. They can't believe he's serious, and when Amy tries to smart off again, he slams his fist down and shouts that they will pull their fangs out and be nice. He then storms off after telling them that they better get used to Meredith because she's important to him. They are off to the inn, but not before Ben extends the olive branch in the form of coffee in Sybil's favorite mug, and also telling Meredith that he had a dream about her last night. He doesn't get to tell her what the dream was. After the inn, somehow Meredith is back at the house. Susannah, who is very pregnant and emotional, goes upstairs where Patrick has informed her that her mom is taking nap. Her mom rolls over when Susannah gets in bed with her. Susannah tearfully asks Sybil "who else knows?" Ben and Dad Kelly are seen at the local football field, getting stoned by smoking dope. They are having pleasant conversation when Ben asks what's up with mom, and Kelly acts like nothing is going on. Ben insists that its obvious that she is sick, again, and finally Kelly admits that it's true and that the prognosis is not good. Ben gets upset. They go home. Meanwhile, Thad and Everett are shopping in town.... for an engagement ring. Thad tells Everett that he shouldn't marry Meredith. Everett can't believe it. Back at home, Meredith is bonding with Patrick in the kitchen. They are making the Morton family Christmas morning breakfast item. Everett and Thad are going to the bus stop to meet Julie. Julie gets off the bus and Everett is enamored. Julie then falls as she gets off the bus. Back at the house, the family LOVES Julie. Loves. The greeting that you would expect Meredith to get. They are in the kitchen, where Ben walks in and hugs Sybil and is emotional, and Amy wants to know whats wrong and they all pretend nothing is wrong. Everyone is asking Meredith why she put mushrooms in the breakfast item because Everett is allergic and she freaks out; everyone is also attending to Julie's cut knee. Meredith takes over and takes Julie upstairs to fix the cut, and is clearly aware that everyone likes Julie and hates her still. In the next scene, everyone is having Christmas Eve dinner. Everyone is making pleasant conversation about Ben's work and Julie's work, when the conversation turns to Patrick and Thad's attempt to adopt children. Meredith asks them if they care about the race of their child, as Patrick is black and Thad is white. They say that they don't care what color it is, they are happy to be getting a kid. Then the talk turns to them being gay, and Sybil (very strung-out on the pain/cancer medication she is taking) remarks that she wishes all three of her sons were gay because then they would never leave her. Clearly uncomfortable, the conservative Meredith asks Sybil point blank if she was serious about wanting all three of her boys to be gay, because "why would a mother wish that on her children?". The tone of the conversation takes a serious and troubling turn, when Meredith tries to understand why Sybil would wish for her kids to have a difficult life of being gay when it's hard enough for all of them "being normal". This cynical remark quickly takes the conversation on a downward spiral, when Everett doesn't help her explain what she means, and Sybil yells at Meredith followed by Kelly yelling more. Meredith responds by leaving the dinner table and running outside to the Saab. Before Julie can try and stick up for Meredith, Sybil shouts at Thad that he's "more normal than all the other assholes at the table". Meanwhile, we hear Meredith unsuccessfully trying to leave the Stone family home, with the Saab hitting a shrub, then a tree. Julie starts to go to help her, but Ben volunteers to head outside. He gets to the car, and says to Meredith, "well ma'am what seems to be the problem here?" She bursts into more sobs, and he tells her to move over and proceeds to take her to a bar. Everett has lost his appetite. Later, when he can't reach Meredith, he decides to go and look for her. Julie goes too. Meanwhile, Meredith and Ben are getting loaded (drunk) at the local bar on Dos Equis beers. Ben informs Meredith that she really needs to relax. Ben tells her that deep down she is a freak, she just doesn't let her flag fly. She drinks some more beers. She picks a song. She sits back down. She is getting more drunk. Julie and Everett are having a walk and talking about life. Everett is clearly taken with Julie. Back at the bar, in walks Brad Stevenson (Amy's son) and his ambulance driving partner Dave. Meredith makes the Brad connection, and demands they join them for beers. More Julie and Everett bonding. He is clearly unfulfilled and has lived the life he thought his family wanted him to live and be perfect and that has not entailed him living his life the way he has wanted to. Now Meredith's song comes on. She makes Brad dance with her and invites him to Christmas morning. She is now disheveled and wasted, and says it would be really great if they could get some pot to smoke and does Ben know where they could get some. Julie and Everett walk back to the inn, where there is no Meredith. Everett invites Julie for a cup of coffee, but she tells him that she cant do that, presumably because Meredith is her sister. Meredith and Ben are now drunk and in the Saab outside where Ben tells Meredith that in the dream she was a little girl shoveling snow, and that he was the snow and she was scooping him up. Back at the inn, Julie is in bed reading, and there is a knock at the door. Its not Everett but is Kelly wanting to apologize to Julie and to Meredith for what went down back at dinner. Back at the house, Everett walks into the house, and Sybil apologizes. He tells her that he doesn't believe that she is sorry. Kelly comes home and Sybil tells him that Everett is super pissed. She tells him that she is scared of a lot of things, but mostly that he's getting married for the wrong reasons and she wont be around for it anyways. She slightly opens her blouse to reveal scares from a double mastectomy and Kelly kisses her. Everett tries to call Meredith, she doesn't answer because she is sleeping on Ben's shoulder in the Saab. The next morning, it is Christmas Day. Susannah and Elizabeth want to open stockings. Meredith wakes up, and realizes that she is in Ben's bed and he is in the shower. She freaks, and freaks some more when Kelly is knocking at the door to see when he came home since the Saab is back in the driveway. He finally walks in, to find Meredith in Ben's bed, and turns and walks out sort of shocked. Downstairs, Everett is working on coffee when Sybil comes in and gives him the ring. He remains pissed, when a shell shocked Kelly walks in and is tossed out by Sybil. More talk about wanting Everett to be happy, when Sybil drops the illness bomb again (implying that her cancer is advanced and will not recover), and Everett has a breakdown about it. Then Julie comes in, and somehow in the scenario Everett asks her to try on the Stone ring, which she then cant get off her finger. Chaos ensues, and Julie is upset, no one understands why. Then in walks Meredith, when Everett asks where shes been, she lies and says she just got there. The ring chaos continues, and Julie and Meredith go into the bathroom to get the ring off. Then it all spills out. Meredith thinks she slept with Ben, Julie tells her that the ring is her wedding ring and she says something like "that's it?" Brad shows up and Amy is angry with Meredith for inviting him and how do you know him, etc. They were all at the bar, he tells the story. They are all gathering to open presents in the family room. The scene gets weird because Meredith thinks that Everett is going to propose and she's not up for it, so she rushes to give out her gift for everyone. They're all kind of shocked that she has gotten them a gift, then they open it as a group. She has gotten them all a framed photo of a pregnant Sybil, and they are all shocked that she would give them such a thoughtful gift. Sybil tells her that she has done good. She gets up to go do something, get away, and Everett tries to go with her and she blurts out that she will not marry Everett in front of everyone. Then Everett tells her that he wasn't going to ask, and then she blurts out that she slept with Ben. Then Ben tries to tell them that they didn't sleep together at all, but then Meredith leaves the room to go to the kitchen, sobbing about how humiliated she is. She tires to put her Morton family meal in the oven, and now that they realize she's not a horrible person, Amy and Sybil feel bad for her humiliation and go to the kitchen, where they smack the kitchen door and hit Meredith, and her dish falls all over her and all over the floor. She is crying more, asking them why they think they are better than her, and tells Amy that she is the worst, then Amy falls in the egg mess. Meanwhile Everett is chasing Ben, they end up in the kitchen, where Ben finally is able to tell him that they didn't have sex, and he slept on the floor. And why does he care really, he doesn't love her. Sybil, Amy and Meredith hear this exchange, and obviously agree with this assessment. Everett showers, Julie finds out when the bus back to her home leaves that night. Everett and Meredith chat in his room, basically concurring that they're done. Meredith goes to Ben's room, and he invites her to sit on the bed. Then he tells her to get out of her clothes which smell like puke, and she puts on one of his tee shirts and they lay and sing Christmas songs. Susannah's husband finally shows up and comments that he saw Amy making out with Brad in his truck. Everett wonders where Julie is, and Elizabeth has the family ring on and fesses up that Julie said goodbye. Everett and Thad and Kelly go looking for her at the inn, then Everett spots her across the way at the bus stop. He goes to her as the bus drives up and asks her to stay. She doesn't and the bus leaves. Then the bus stops and she gets off and asks him what he's doing for New Years. One Year Later. Christmas Eve. Thad and Patrick and their new adopted baby son pull up to the Stone house in their Range Rover. They go into the house, where Dad Kelly and Susannah (along with Elizabeth and her new baby) greet them. Everyone gathers in the living room and we see Amy and Brad are now a couple as well as Ben and Meredith. Sybil is nowhere in sight confirming to us that Sybil is dead, having lost her recurring battle with breast cancer definitively. Then Everett and Julie (now also a couple) show up. Everyone is together and sort of smiling, and they are decorating the family Christmas tree. They all leave Brad and Amy in the family room, where Amy hangs the ornament that Sybil had been staring at in the beginning of the movie. THE END
tt0283084
Drama,Family,Fantasy
Tuck Everlasting opens in the present day, in the town of Treegap. Cars and pedestrian traffic make their way through the streets. Jesse Tuck (Jonathan Jackson) rides his motorcycle through the town and makes his way to a gated house on the outskirts. He takes off his helmet and looks at the estate wistfully. A narrator for the movie (Elisabeth Shue) recites a passage on the nature of time, and notes that for the Tuck family, it didn't exist. As the scenery shifts to show a peaceful forest, the narrator goes on to say that the story begins on the first week of summer, 'not so very long ago,' when Treegap was a quaint village, and Mae Tuck (Sissy Spacek) went there every ten years to meet up with her sons. After a brief image of a stately tree, with a T carved into the bark, the scenery changes to show Treegap as it was in 1914. Mae rides her horse-drawn wagon through the dirt streets. She window-shops along several stores, before sitting in her wagon, playing a wistful tune on her small music box. Mae's sons, Miles (Scott Bairstow) and Jesse make their way to her, and there is an emotional reunion. Jesse has brought some gifts for Mae: a small bronze replica of the Eiffel Tower, bought in Paris, and a box of French chocolate. Miles proves much more emotionally restrained than Jesse; the hug he gives his mother moves her to say, albeit affectionately, 'You're as cozy as barbed wire.' But more than anything, she's happy that they're back after ten years. We then see the Foster estate, and young Winnie Foster (Alexis Bledel) lays on the lawn, staring out into space and daydreaming, before her mother (Amy Irving) calls her inside. The Fosters are a wealthy family; the estate is gated and the mansion is well-furnished and appointed. Winnie is shown to be given a strict upbringing to be a proper lady of the time, which involves constant piano practice in the parlor, and having to dress properly, including a corset she finds very uncomfortable. She is also schooled in playing croquet. The narrator explains that the formality of Winnie's life is stifling her and leaving her without time or chance to be the two things she needs to be most: a teenager, and a girl. As Winnie continues piano practice under the watchful eye of her mother and grandmother, the narrator says that the need for, and feeling of, change was drawing ever closer and more strongly. Winnie rides with her mother into town, who's come to pick up cakes from the bakery for a formal tea party. As Mrs. Foster goes into the bakery, Winnie, still in the automobile, lifts her veil and turns to watch some boys playing stickball in the streets. The boys happen to look in her direction, and recognize her. One approaches her and starts to make fun of her, sitting prim and proper in her fancy car (cars being rare in 1914). He challenges her to step out of the car and get her feet dirty. Mrs. Foster, in the bakery, fusses over the various pastries available in the bakery and says that none of them are satisfactory for the tea party. The baker is offering to make them up special for her, when Mrs. Foster suddenly hears the sound of the kids outside cheering, and calling Winnie's name. Turning, she sees to her horror that Winnie has stepped out of the car and joined the stickball game, hitting the ball and running around the bases. Winnie is smiling as she reaches home plate for a home run, but her fun is cut short when her mother storms out and puts a stop to it. In a secluded cabin in the woods outside Treegap, the Tuck family makes their home. There is merry in the air as Jesse demonstrates a French dance, and the family patriarch, Angus Tuck (William Hurt) looks through an early-model picture animator. Miles, however, proves to be in a broody and dark mood, even when his father says he's glad to have his sons home. Miles tells Angus, also sometimes just called Pa Tuck or Tuck for short, that he's probably going to be leaving soon; he's heard early stories of war brewing and he plans to sign up to fight 'against the Huns.' When Angus asks if fighting in a war will solve things, and whether Miles has seen enough killing for two lifetimes, Miles reveals another motive for getting as far from Treegap as he can: he knows that someone is on to them; knows or suspects a secret about the Tucks that they need to keep from people, at all costs. As Miles speaks about how a strange man has been following him and Jesse, and keeps reappearing even though they lose him several times, a flashback is shown of Miles and Jesse stowing away on the caboose of a locomotive, and a Man in a Yellow Suit (Sir Ben Kingsley; unnamed, and will be referred to hereafter as MITYS, for Man In The Yellow Suit) standing on the tracks behind the train as it pulls away, looking intently at the two brothers. Miles is sure that MITYS knows something about the Tucks that they can't let anyone know about them. Angus, however, says it was only a matter of time before someone found them. The Industrial Revolution has led to increasing settlement everywhere, and the world is closing in on them. The forest they've called home for a long time, is shrinking as continued population growth clears it away for further building of civilization. A few weeks ago, Angus saw tire tracks on the lower marsh, and he knows there will be more. Mae, Jesse and Miles are quiet and deeply thoughtful as Pa Tuck tells them all that they must not go into town again for anything, and that if they see anyone too close to their home in the woods, they 'know what to do.' Evening at the Foster Estate. Winnie is trying to catch fireflies fluttering about among the trees. A man's voice tells her she's going about it the wrong way. Winnie turns and sees MITYS standing just outside the estate's gate. Though he admits never having tried catching fireflies himself, he proves to know the way of a hunter, explaining it to Winnie, and then quickly catching a firefly in his hand, that drifts too close to him. Letting the insect go, he explains to Winnie that he's looking for some old friends who live in the area, and he was hoping that someone in the Foster family could point him in the right direction. Winnie innocently (and perhaps, a bit carelessly) says that her father, Robert Foster (Victor Garber), practically built Treegap through the resources of his business, and he owns much of the land around it. Mrs. Foster comes up at that moment, and MITYS starts to introduce himself, and to explain that he's looking for a certain family he hopes the Fosters can help him find. But before MITYS can tell her the name of the family, Mrs. Foster, more brusquely and less warmly than Winnie, says she doesn't know, nor want to know, everyone in the town, and she doesn't discuss the issue with people she's never met. Accepting the statement without changing expression, MITYS bids her good night. As Mrs. Foster leads Winnie back to the house, scolding her for speaking to strangers so freely, MITYS begins to whistle a curious and very familiar tune. The next day, Mr. and Mrs. Foster are telling Winnie that they're sending her to the Middlehouse Academy for Girls in Pensford, supposedly one of the finest, most reputable schools for teaching girls to become proper ladies of the upper-crust society. Winnie has heard of Middlehouse; the stories that have reached her about their 'curriculum' frightens her to death. But the Fosters insist that her desire not to go through such a rigid and unmerciful method of schooling in 'ladylike manners and etiquette' are exactly why she needs to. But Winnie rebels. Running from the parlor, she angrily shouts that she won't go to such a terrible place. Winnie runs to the gate, clutching the bars like the bars of a prison cell, as the narrator says that the Fosters failed to understand one thing: Winnie was to be sent 500 miles away to be educated, but all she wanted was to step outside her own fence. And so she did. Winnie wanders into the woods, exploring the forest. Although the woods are peaceful and there is no danger about, it soon becomes clear that Winnie is lost, struggling to find her way about. Pushing her way through some brush, she hears the sound of gurgling water. Moving toward it, she finds a curious site. Jesse Tuck kneels at the base of a large, beautiful tree that has a letter T carved into the trunk. Jesse is drinking from a small spring of water bubbling up into a small hollow between the tree's huge roots. Winnie slowly steps out into the open, approaching closer as Jesse splashes some water onto his face. Standing, he turns, and he's startled on seeing Winnie. Looking around warily, he asks her how long she's been standing there, and admonishes her for coming into this part of the woods, and she should turn and go home. Taking a bit of defiance at the statement, Winnie boldly tells Jesse that her family owns the woods and she can stay as long as she feels like. When Winnie tells Jesse her name, he recognizes the surname Foster, and doesn't look completely pleased to hear it. He restates his belief that Winnie needs to go back home, and Winnie, matching his slightly curt tone, says she was on her way... but admits she's lost. Jesse, seeming to have an idea of where the Foster estate is, offers to guide Winnie back. Winnie is grateful for the offer, but says that she's thirsty and needs a drink first. All at once Jesse starts acting a little oddly in trying to keep Winnie away from the spring. His initial excuses carry no credibility, but when Winnie tries to move past him, he resorts to grabbing her and blocking her from the spring. Pulling away, Winnie starts to run, threatening to have Jesse arrested. As she runs, a piece of her dress sleeve catches on a branch and tears off. Jesse starts to give pursuit as Winnie runs-- straight into Miles, who catches and intercepts her. Despite Jesse suddenly saying they can't do what they're doing, Miles coldly says that they have to do what Pa Tuck said, no exceptions. Holding fast to Winnie, Miles half pulls, half drags her to his horse, and rides off with her, Jesse running in pursuit. A brief shot of the Foster estate shows that Mr. and Mrs. Foster are keenly aware of how long Winnie has been gone. A maidservant calls out into the woods from just behind the fence. Miles arrives at the Tuck cabin with Winnie as his prisoner. Seeing the girl struggle with Miles, Mae runs up, scolding Miles and trying to comfort Winnie-- until Miles tells Mae that he caught Winnie at the spring with Jesse... and that Winnie is a Foster. All of the Tuck family knows the Foster name, and Mae is in shock, saying softly, 'it's finally happened.' For the immediate moment, Mae has a frightened teenage girl on her hands, begging to go home. Asking Miles to fetch Pa Tuck, who's across the lake, Mae turns back to Winnie and again tries to comfort her, promising to bring her back home as soon as she can. As Miles goes to bring Tuck back, Mae starts to pace around. She pulls out her music box and begins turning the handle. Winnie looks closely at Mae as she listens to the music. She recognizes the tune, though she doesn't tell Mae from where. Prattling as much to herself as to Winnie, Mae says she found the music box in the forest one day, and she used to put Miles and Jesse to bed with it every night, and the music always gave them good dreams. The sun has set and very early evening has fallen when Miles and Jesse return to the cabin with Pa Tuck. Mae has been trying to tend to Winnie, who's still deeply upset at having been kidnapped and brought here by force; she still feels like a prisoner even though Mae tries to assure her that she's not. Tuck slowly approaches Winnie, peering curiously at her, before calling his family into a huddle. Although they speak in whispers, Winnie can still clearly overhear much of the coversation; Angus asks Miles and Jesse 'does she know?' and they're concerned about her being a Foster. Getting impatient, Winnie asks them out loud what they think she knows about them. Introducing her husband to Winnie, Mae calls him Angus for the first time. Angus slowly approaches Winnie again, offering his hand for a handshake, although Winnie is still too nervous to do so. Seeing this, Angus quietly asks her if she's hungry, and Mae very agreeably suggests they all have dinner. Winnie sits with the Tucks at the dinner table, but hardly eats. She finally tells them that her father will come looking for her. She thinks that an offer of ransom money to the Tucks will expedite her return home. Angus and Mae gently insist they don't want any of her family's money, even though they know how wealthy Mr. Foster is, and they intend to bring her safely home; although Angus points out, as much to his family as anyone else, that they need to know how much they can trust Winnie. Miles immediately protests, saying that Winnie can't be trusted any more than any 'normal person.' When Jesse tries to defend Winnie, saying he believes that she won't turn on the family, Miles gets angry. He holds Jesse responsible for whatever predicament the Tucks believe themselves to be in. Calling Jesse a fool, Miles curtly leaves the dinner table and the cabin. Mrs. Foster stares out the window of her estate. She stares at the front gate, her mouth opening in recognition, and calls urgently for her husband. Mr. Foster is speaking to Henry, the constable of Treegap (Richard Pilcher). He tells Henry that Mrs. Foster suspects MITYS, who'd been speaking to Winnie at the gate the other night. But Henry surprises Mr. Foster by bringing him into the constabulary office-- where MITYS sits. MITYS admits that he was talking to Winnie at the estate, and he remembers her well, but he doesn't know where she is at the moment. He's in town searching for a family he used to know, and had come to the constabulary for help, and when he spoke to Winnie at the Foster estate, she thought Mr. Foster might be able to help. MITYS hands Mr. Foster and old photograph showing a young man wearing a Civil War era Union military uniform. He says the family is named Tuck, and they're long-lost relatives, as he claims. On his way out, MITYS says that although he doesn't know where Winnie is now, he's willing to join the search for her, saying he's talented at finding people. Mae has curtained off an area of the house so Winnie can sleep in privacy. She helps Winnie out of her corset, a garment Mae finds distasteful; saying that torturing themselves is no way for young women to live. Mae has no daughters, but she says she does have a granddaughter, and grandson. Their names are Anna and Beau, and a small photograph of them is in a locket Mae wears. But Winnie notices Mae saying that Miles 'loved them so--' past tense. Mae only says that the children have passed on, along with their mother, and that all the good parts of Miles died along with them. Mae helps Winnie into a sleeping gown, making further small talk. Winnie now feels safe around Mae, consenting to Mae calling her by her first name. Before retiring to bed, Mae smiles kindly at Winnie, saying it's a good feeling having another woman at the cabin. MITYS is in the town cemetery, looking reverently at one of the graves. The priest of the church finds his way to MITYS, asking if he's lost. MITYS drops the name Tuck, asking if the priest has heard of it. When told no, MITYS says he didn't think the priest would know of any Tucks in the cemetery, and then makes a curious comment, 'or in any other.' Suddenly MITYS approaches the priest closer, a puzzled look on his face, as he asks what the priest believes most people desire as he tends to them on their deathbeds. He offers whether they would desire more time. MITYS' dialogue starts to turn ominous as he speaks about how much people would give to live forever, and suddenly asking the priest if he's prepared to die-- how much would he desire to live forever, never growing old or sick. As suddenly as the conversation started, it ends, as MITYS bids the priest good night and takes his leave, whistling the curious, wistful tune. Dawn is just breaking when Jesse awakens Winnie, asking her if she'd like to see the Eiffel Tower. Sleepily, she mumbles that someday it would be a nice thing. But Jesse says he wants to take her now-- 'while the day is still ours.' A shot of the Foster estate, where Mr. Foster and Henry are organizing a large search party for Winnie, shows that Jesse might have the right idea. Mr. Foster gives Henry one of Winnie's nightgowns so the search dogs can get her scent. It doesn't take long before one of the searchers and dog handlers finds the scrap of fabric torn from Winnie's dress when she was running away from Jesse. Now, rather than running away from him, Winnie is running with him, through the woods to a tall stone hill-- Jesse's 'Eiffel Tower,' which he says is two feet higher than the real one in Paris. Jesse takes Winnie on an arduous climb to the top of the stone hill, which Jesse admits is more difficult than the long stairway to the top of the tower in Paris. As they climb, Winnie asks Jesse how old he is. He looks young, but he says he's been to the real Eiffel Tower in Paris. Jesse tells Winnie that he's 104 years old. When Winnie asks for a serious answer, Jesse says he is being serious, but then gives in and agrees to 'call it 17.' Winnie and Jesse reach the top of the stone hill, where they take time to enjoy the majestic, panoramic view. As the search party continues, and MITYS also appears to be searching on his own, and Mrs. Foster plays the piano to try and keep her mind busy, time continues to pass. Watching Tuck and Mae at work around the cabin, running through the woods with Jesse, Winnie loses track of how long she's been staying with the Tucks. The family lives a simple lifestyle, never in a rush for anything. Winnie starts enjoying her time with them. She's also falling in love with Jesse. Jesse takes her to a short waterfall where it empties into a stream. At first, she's surprised when he starts undressing to his underwear, until he dives off the rock they were sitting on, into the water, and swims around. He invites Winnie to join him, but Winnie can't swim and is afraid. Taking this news with surprise, Jesse says that he'll just have to enjoy the swim on his own. Emboldened by this, taking it as a challenge, Winnie takes off her outer dress and jumps into the water with Jesse. He catches her easily, keeping her afloat and swimming around with her. The light-hearted, playful, and loving mood is in sharp contrast to the ever-brooding Miles, who is in town, intoxicated, beating out several opponents in poker at a saloon. One of the disgruntled players quickly assumes that Miles is cheating. Miles, however, proves he's exceptionally sharp at counting the position of each card in the deck, particularly the aces. But when the sore loser asks if Miles is looking for trouble, Miles eagerly says that he is; this leads to the saloon bouncer tossing Miles out. Miles doesn't even seem to mind this, taking it all with a drunken chuckle. But Miles is unaware of another patron at the saloon: MITYS, who becomes alerted to the commotion, sees Miles, and discreetly starts to follow him. Jesse has built a campfire, and encourages Winnie to listen to the various types of bird songs and calls throughout the woods. The bird calls sound like soulful music, and Winnie smiles and starts to sway side to side as she listens. Jesse takes a stick and starts to play a percussion tune against a fallen log, and Winnie dances, starting to feel at one with nature. Jesse joins her, and the two of them dance passionately. Unaware that MITYS is searching through the woods purposefully. Still later, Winnie lays beside the campfire with Jesse, snuggling peacefully with him. But when Winnie innocently says that she wishes the moment could last forever, Jesse starts to turn thoughtful, his words chosen with care. He tells Winnie that they could see the world together, and have a million moments like this one. There's a secret about the Tucks that Winnie doesn't yet know; something Jesse has sworn never to tell anyone, even her. A secret that forces the Tuck Family to live apart from the rest of society, hiding from civilization. Winnie is the first person Jesse's met, that he wanted to tell the secret to. Winnie, not realizing how serious Jesse is, leans in and kisses him. The kiss breaks Jesse; makes him want to tell Winnie the truth. Reminding her about the giant oak tree where they met, and the spring bubbling up from it, Jesse tells Winnie the truth about himself and his family: They're immortal. Jesse truly is 104 years old; he just stopped aging at 17. Jesse is certain that the spring is what caused it. He's going to be 17 years old until the end of the world. Twigs suddenly start breaking behind Jesse and Winnie, and they spin around to look. Miles has found them; his intoxication is wearing off fast, although he's not quite sober yet. Miles and Jesse immediately fall into an argument; Miles challenging Winnie on whether she'd have preferred to learn the truth before she kissed Jesse, and asking if Jesse has told her the downsides of being immortal. Getting upset, Jesse accuses Miles of not wanting Jesse to have what Miles lost. Interceding between the brothers, Winnie asks to hear the whole truth. Miles begins to tell the story. He, Jesse, Tuck and Mae all had a drink from the spring as they were heading further west to build a homestead. Their horse drank as well, but their cat didn't; Miles insists this one small detail is important. The water tasted heavenly, and Tuck carved a large T into the trunk to mark the tree as a landmark for the family. They found a good place to build their homestead, and it was soon after that they began to realize that something was different about them. Jesse climbed a tree, and fell thirty feet to the ground, landing with all his weight atop his neck. But before Mae could let out a yell of grief, Jesse got back to his feet as if nothing happened. No pain, no broken bones. Miles' face and voice start to gradually turn darker as he says that this wasn't all. Things began happening. The family horse was shot by hunters who mistook it for a deer. But the bullets simply bounced off the horse's flank, barely leaving a mark in its hide. Tuck was bitten by a rattlesnake, and lived through the poison without becoming ill. It was the cat who finally died; from old age. Miles starts fingering the wedding ring he wears, remembering further. He fell in love and married, having two beautiful children with his wife. The children were named Anna and Beau. He and his family eventually built their own homestead not far from the rest of the Tucks. But by now, Tuck had figured out that the spring had made them all immortal. Miles knew he wouldn't age, and nothing could kill him; over time his own children would be older than he; his wife growing old and dying while he lived on. Needing to save them, Miles pleaded with his wife to come to the spring with him, so she and the kids could drink and live forever with him. Miles' wife didn't take Miles seriously; she thought he and his family had sold their souls to the devil. As people began to talk, word spread around and everyone in the area thought that the Tucks were dabbling in black magic and witchcraft. They burnt the homestead, looking to kill the Tucks, and of course the Tucks couldn't die. This is why they withdrew from civilization, keeping themselves hidden from people. In his grief, becoming increasingly bitter, Miles began fighting in wars. He fought in the Mexican-American war, watching many brave soldiers die during the siege of Veracruz. He fought in the Civil War, watching casualties mount at Gettysburg. He prayed that an enemy soldier would kill him as well-- but no bullet could do this. Miles couldn't die. But the most painful loss was his family. Influenza took Anna before she turned 15. If Beau were still alive, he'd be close to eighty. And Miles' beloved wife... died old and alone in an insane asylum. Both Miles and Winnie are in tears as the story ends. Miles, Jesse and Winnie return to the Tuck cabin early the following morning. Tuck and Mae immediately know that Jesse has told Winnie the truth about them. Tuck says he needs speak with Winnie one on one, and takes her out onto the lake in a rowboat. Angus Tuck looks all around at the living forest around them, asking Winnie to do the same. He talks about human lives, how Winnie was once a child, and is now a young woman; one day she'll have children and do something important-- and then she'll pass on, making way for new life. The Tucks, as Angus insists, don't truly live as other people do; they simply 'are.' Like rocks stuck at the side of a stream. Angus softly insists to Winnie that the secret she's learned is extremely dangerous; if people learned about the spring, they'd trample and kill each other in a mad rush to it. As Angus says, people are so desperate not to die, that they also never live the lives they have. Winnie admits she's afraid of dying, asking if that's a bad thing. Angus says it isn't, but to never live one's life is so much worse than dying, which Angus calls merely 'part of the wheel.' The one thing Angus asks Winnie to understand, is to fear an unlived life, rather than death. But there's one thing both Angus Tuck and Winnie should fear; they just don't know it. MITYS has found them. From a secluded spot on the shore, he looks through his binoculars and watches the two of them as they sit in the rowboat. MITYS goes to the Foster estate to inform Mr. and Mrs. Foster that he knows where Winnie is. He tells them that she appears to have been with the Tuck family for some time now. But it doesn't take long to show that MITYS is far less concerned for the welfare of either Winnie or her parents, than his own agenda. His seemingly idle statement that he's the only person who knows where Winnie can be found, and therefore brought safely home, shows Mr. Foster that MITYS has a price for divulging this information. MITYS briefly beats around the bush before finally getting to the point; in return for bringing the Fosters and a search party to the Tuck cabin, MITYS wants ownership of the woods around Treegap. He's not interested in the town itself; just the immediate surrounding forest. Both of the Fosters are sickened by the play, but Mrs. Foster begs her husband to give MITYS whatever he asks, so she can finally have Winnie back. As MITYS leaves the estate, Mr. Foster hands him the proper papers that make him the owner of the woods around Treegap. MITYS assures the Fosters that their ordeal is over, but they have to move quickly; the Tucks were packing up to leave the cabin and the forest. MITYS suggests that Constable Henry organize a posse quickly so that the Tucks can be arrested. MITYS says he's also heading to the cabin himself, and he's sure to arrive before anyone else. The posse organizes under Constable Henry at the Foster estate, and Mr. Foster says he's coming along himself. The Tucks are loading up their wagon and making final preparations to leave their cabin. Jesse is tasked with bringing Winnie back home. But their last few moments together are interrupted by the arrival of MITYS, who's found his way to their home. Angus quickly recognizes MITYS as the man who's been following and tracking Miles and Jesse. MITYS reveals how he found the Tucks, and how he learned their secret in the first place: his grandmother was an employee at the insane asylum where Miles' wife was confined, and MITYS took the stories of her ranting and raving about a people in the woods that could live forever, to heart. Miles' wife often rambled about a music box that always had a calming effect on her children. MITYS whistles the tune from the music box; Mae's music box. MITYS reveals that Mr. Foster has signed ownership of the woods to him. He offers to ensure that the Tucks can remain at their cabin indefinitely, safe from the outside world; what MITYS wants in return is knowledge of where the spring is. His motive for this is finally revealed as pure greed; MITYS knows that people desperate to live forever, would pay him all of their worldly goods and material wealth, down to the smallest coin, in return for one sip from the spring. When Angus refuses to meet this demand, MITYS grabs Winnie and pulls a gun, menacing the girl with it. Jesse lunges at MITYS, who shoots automatically. Jesse falls briefly, but is unhurt; proving his immortality. The Tucks are in a standoff with MITYS, who continues to hold Winnie at gunpoint. But MITYS has turned his back to Mae. Mae picks up her husband's shotgun by its barrel, and swinging with all her strength, clubs MITYS across the back of the head with the stock of the weapon. Just then, Constable Henry's rescue team starts to converge on the cabin. Miles and Jesse escape on horseback as Mr. Foster races to the cabin and hugs Winnie in relief. Back at the Foster home, Mr. and Mrs. Foster can't understand or accept Winnie defending the Tucks or that she's come to love them all as dear friends. She insists that Mae was only protecting her when she hit MITYS from behind. But Henry reveals that it's all irrelevant. MITYS has died from the blow, meaning Mae, who is locked in the town jail with Angus, will be charged with murder, and she'll be hanged for it. Henry sadly tells Mr. Foster that Winnie will be required to testify. Henry finds MITYS as much a slick weasel and scoundrel as Mr. Foster does, but Mae will still face the gallows for killing him. It's a dark and stormy night, and Winnie lays in bed, trying to sleep, when she's alerted to a sound at her window. Jesse has climbed up there, come to seek her help. If his mother goes to the gallows, she won't die from the hanging, and the Tuck family's secret will be out. Winnie agrees they have to get Mae and Angus sprung from jail somehow. Jesse has a plan how. Winnie runs to the jail and pounds on the door, screaming in terror for help. The night watchman jailer answers the door and Winnie staggers in, crying fearfully that the people who kidnapped her have come back for her again, and if they catch her, they'll kill her. The jailer grabs his rifle and goes outside, where Jesse and Miles slowly walk toward the building, dressed in dark cloaks and top hats, brandishing sabers. They approach the jailer slowly and menacingly. The jailer fires at them, and they fall to the ground, but then slowly rise again. The jailer runs away in fear as Winnie grabs spare jail cell keys and frees Angus and Mae. Miles has brought the family wagon to the square. Mae and Jesse both hug Winnie, wishing she could come with them, but both Angus and Winnie know that Mr. Foster would hunt them all across the country without letup. Jesse gets an idea. He begs Winnie to drink from the spring. Then when it was safe, he would come back for her and they could see the whole world, starting with the Eiffel Tower. As the Tucks ride off in the wagon, he pledges to love her until his dying day. Back at the Foster House, Winnie's grandmother lies on her deathbed. Winnie sees Mrs. Foster lay down beside Grandma Foster, staying by her side until she's gone. After Grandma Foster's funeral, Winnie finds her mother staring out at the woods. Mrs. Foster admits she was heartbroken at the thought of losing Winnie, who was growing up very fast, and wanted to keep her baby as her little girl. Winnie and her mother make peace, and as summer draws to a close, The Fosters drive off, leaving Treegap to see the world. The scene changes back to show Treegap as it is in the present day (presumably 2002, the year the movie was released). We return to the first scene, where Jesse Tuck has returned to the town. He rides his motorcycle through the streets, and looks wistfully at what used to be the Foster estate, and the cars parked on its property. Jesse then walks through the forest and finds his way to the magic spring, where Winnie waits for him... She's buried there. Jesse sinks to his knees as he looks on Winnie's gravestone. Having chosen never to drink from the spring, Winnie went on to marry, have children, and live a full life, before she passed away in 1999 at the venerable age of 100. To forever safeguard the magic spring, she arranged that she be buried at the base of the tree from which the spring flowed; her gravestone forever sealing it up so that nobody would again find it. As Jesse turns his gaze to the sky, the narrator delivers her closing recitation: "Tuck said it to Winnie the summer she turned 15. 'Do not fear death, but rather the unlived life. You don't have to live forever; you just have to live.' And she did." The view pans up along the upper branches of the trees and fades to black.
tt0384680
Comedy,Drama
A successful weatherman at a Chicago news program, David Spritz is well paid but garners little respect from people in the area who throw fast food at him, David suspects, because are resentful of how easy his high-paying job is. Dave also feels overshadowed by his father, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Robert Spritzel, who is disappointed in Dave's apparent inability to grow up and deal with his two children. The situation worsens when Robert is diagnosed with lymphoma and given only a few months to live. As he becomes more and more depressed, Dave takes up archery, finding the activity a way to build his focus and calm his nerves. To prove himself to his father and possibly reconcile with Noreen, his estranged wife, Dave pursues a weatherman position with a national talk show called Hello America. The job would nearly quadruple his salary, but means relocating to New York City. When Hello America invites him to New York, he takes his daughter with him and bonds with her by helping her shop for a more suitable wardrobe. While away, Dave learns that his son attacked his counselor, claiming that the man wanted to perform oral sex on him. Despite this stress and an all-night drinking binge, Dave impresses the Hello America interviewers and is eventually offered the job. When he returns, Dave slaps Russ, Noreen's boyfriend, when he finds him dealing with his son's predicament. Dave later confronts the counselor at his home, beating him up and warning him that he is in store for worse. The family holds a living funeral for Robert, in which Dave asks Noreen to reconcile and move to New York, but she has decided to marry Russ. Dave and Robert have one final talk, in which Dave breaks down in tears, unsure of his life's choices. Robert consoles him, telling him that he has time to "chuck" the garbage of his life. Robert dies soon after. The film ends several months later, after Dave has accepted the job and moved to New York. People have ceased throwing things at him though, he muses, this may be a pleasant side-effect of his archery hobby, for which he carries a bow.
tt0338094
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
THE HAUNTED MANSION comes alive like never before with incredible visual and special effects in this all-new, fun-filled comedy adventure. Shrouded in fog and mystery, the mansion was once a stately antebellum palace that hosted New Orleans' wealthiest. Now it's the creepy and crumbling home to a love struck 19th century gentleman, 999 ghosts, and a hilarious and hair-raising battle for "home rule." Realtor Jim Evers (EDDIE MURPHY) and his wife and business partner Sara get a call late one night from mansion owner Edward Gracey, who is looking to sell his property. Smelling the biggest deal of their career, Jim, Sara and their two children pay a visit to the mansion, located on a remote bayou.A torrential thunderstorm of mysterious origin strands the Evers family in the old mansion with the brooding, eccentric Gracey, his mysterious butler Ramsley, and a variety of residents both seen and unseen. At first, Jim scoffs at Gracey's stories about ghosts and hauntings, until he unearths the mystery of the mansion and finds that his wife Sara has unexpected connections to its haunted past.
tt0443632
Action,Crime,Thriller
Pete Garrison (Michael Douglas) is a Secret Service agent and one of the personal bodyguards for the First Lady of the United States Sarah Ballentine (Kim Basinger), with whom he is having an affair. He is one of the oldest and most experienced agents, having been involved in saving Ronald Reagan's life during the Reagan assassination attempt. A fellow agent and close friend, Charlie Merriweather (Clark Johnson), is later assassinated in front of his home. He gets wind from a trusted informant that the killing of Merriweather is related to an assassination plot against the President. The information provided by the informant revealed that a mole with access to the President's security detail had provided information to the assassins. The Secret Service Protective Intelligence Division, led by Garrison's former protégé and ex-friend David Breckinridge (Kiefer Sutherland) with rookie partner Jill Marin (Eva Longoria), is tasked with investigating the plot, which begins with polygraphs for every agent. Meanwhile, the mole discovers the discussion with the informant and Garrison's affair with the First Lady, and attempts to blackmail him by luring him to a coffee shop known to be a meeting point for Colombian gangs. Along with failing the polygraph test (for lying about the affair), Garrison becomes unwittingly framed by the mole and becomes the prime suspect for providing the information to the assassins. When Breckinridge confronts Garrison at his home and begins to interrogate him about his dealings with the plot, the source of the two's estrangement comes to light: Garrison supposedly had an affair with Breckinridges wife and caused the breakup of their marriage, which he denies. Garrison escapes capture and conducts an independent investigation of the assassination plot, while making brief contact with the First Lady to deny his involvement. He tries to contact the informant who gave him the tip, but finds that he has been killed. He briefly encounters Breckinridge while finding the informant, but Breckinridge refuses to kill him, despite giving other agents "shoot to kill" orders. Using his contacts with sympathetic agents and family members, he stumbles onto an apartment rented by one of the assassins, and finds information that the assassins are headed to Toronto to attack the president at the G8 summit. He tells Jill Marin of the discovery as he leaves but later finds that any incriminating evidence has been removed before she can arrive. Meanwhile, the First Lady discloses her affair with Garrison to Breckinridge, who catches up to Garrison in Toronto and tells him that he believes that Garrison is innocent. Together, they discover the identity of the assassins and the mole, senior agent William Montrose (Martin Donovan), who was never polygraphed. Montrose is in charge of directing security at the G8 summit. The leader of the assassins, a man known as the Handler (Ritchie Coster), tells Montrose to give him the President, to which Montrose refuses, not caring if he goes to prison for treason or if the Handler kills him. The Handler then states that should Montrose not cooperate, his children and wife will be killed, showing a photo of each of them, leaving Montrose with no choice. The Handler then says that all Montrose has to do is jam the communication radios and nothing more. He then leaves Montrose to make the sad decision as well as leaving him the photos, saying "You can keep those; I got doubles". Breckinridge and Garrison race to the summit, trying to whisk the President away to safety, with the assassins, dressed as RCMP ERT operators, trying to kill the President while the Handler, disguised as an RCMP officer, grabs the First Lady as a hostage. Several agents are killed, including Ed and Pamela. Montrose is killed by a fake ETF officer while in his last act of protecting the President, in spite of the threats against his family. Ultimately, Jill Marin and Breckinridge are able to successfully save the President while Garrison kills the Handler and saves the First Lady before the assassin leader can shoot anyone. However, Garrison is forced to take an early retirement due to the disclosure of the affair with the First Lady, who looks on sadly from her window as Garrison leaves the White House.
tt1477715
Documentary,Drama,Music
The film opens with a short text introduction stating the purpose of the footage and its intent "For the fans...". After short dialogues from various dancers, Kenny Ortega is heard talking through the original concert opening sequence involving a body suit made from screens which display fast clips and images with bright intensity from which Jackson emerges on stage. Immediately after this, Jackson begins "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" first solo, which pauses half-way through and a small snippet of Jackson singing his song "Speechless" acapella is shown. Jackson is then joined by dancers and completes the first number. A short clip showing rehearsals of the "toaster" mechanism is shown before rehearsal footage of "Jam" is played. This plays directly into the green screen adaption of soldiers dancers for "Bad" which are also used for "They Don't Really Care About Us" which is shown next. From here, the film shows Michael directing Ortega and his band for his solo rehearsal performance of "Human Nature" which he performs acapella, then acoustic and finally with full band. Green screen rehearsals for the video vignette for "Smooth Criminal" come next, with dress rehearsals of the song following, including parts of the vignette intertwined with the dancing. Jackson is seen next directing his musical team for the cues in his song "The Way You Make Me Feel." Jackson then performs a rehearsal with dancers which he alters and changes as he goes. A small animatic introducing the Jackson 5 is shown afterwards, and Michael then rehearses "I Want You Back", "The Love You Save", "I'll Be There" and "Shake Your Body." Jackson stops only to report problems with his earpiece. After this, Jackson sings with one of his back up singers on his duet song "I Just Can't Stop Loving You" in which he sings at full strength, directing his partner as he goes. The filming for the "Thriller" vignette is then shown with Jackson and Ortega watching with 3D glasses. Jackson is then seen rehearsing "Thriller" with the vignette intertwined like that in "Smooth Criminal." During the dance sequence, puppets are suspended in the audience aisles while Jackson emerges from a robotic spider originally seen in the vignette. Jackson and Ortega rehearsing the cherry-picker is seen next, along with Jackson rehearsing "Beat It." Jackson creates the ending he wants for the song, a long drum build up in which he tears off his jacket and burns it. Footage of the show's aerialists rehearsing to the instrumental of "Who Is It" is shown next, followed by the Jackson and his band rehearsing "Black or White," in which he allows guitarist Orianthi Panagaris to take center stage to finish with a high guitar rift. The video-sequence for "Earth Song" is shown next, featuring a small girl who wanders through an abundant forest, falls asleep, and wakes up to find the forest destroyed by man. Jackson then performs the song both onstage and using the cherry-picker, with his voice being heard at the end telling of the dangers of Global Warming and the lack of reversible time left. Afterwards, Michael is seen conversing with Ortega, his dancers and band about the shows, trivial dance moves and his hopes for the concert series. He then performs a quick version of his song "Billie Jean" featuring an extra dance sequence. Michael is then seen talking to all crew members and wishing everyone the best for the London performances. At a sound check, Jackson performs "Man In The Mirror" with strong backing vocals. The film ends with Jackson with his arms extended on stage with the message: "Michael Jackson King of Pop Love Lives Forever
tt0480271
Comedy,Romance
Taj Badalandabad (Kal Penn), the personal assistant to the legendary Van Wilder, has just graduated Coolidge College and is now on his way to England's Camford University. Taj plans to follow in the footsteps of his father- not only by obtaining a degree, but also to become a member of an exclusive campus Fraternal Guild, the Fox and Hounds, where Taj hopes he will become the next generation of Badalandabads to be deservedly nicknamed the "Sultan of Sheets." However, when Taj arrives at Camford, he is told by Pip Everett, the Earl of Grey (Daniel Percival), the stuffy head of the Fox and Hounds, that there had been a mistake and he's actually not been accepted into the Fraternal Guild. Devastated, Taj, with his faithful bulldog Ballzac in tow, instead takes the only housing opening available on campus and becomes the "Head of House" for a group of student misfits - Sadie (Holly Davidson), a gorgeous Cockney girl with a mouth like a gutter, Seamus, an English-hating Irishman, Gethin, the ultimate nerd, and Simon, a goofy-looking kid who never talks. Stuck with a band of misfits, Taj considers what Van Wilder would do in the same dismal situation, and in classic "Van" fashion he decides to take on the challenge and turn the house around. At the campus Society Inaugural Ball, Taj announces to the uptight crowd that he and his new mates are starting their own exclusive society - the Cock and Bulls. In addition, the Cock and Bulls declare that are going to compete in the venerable Hastings Cup - an ongoing series of campus academic events and athletic competitions. Also, as part of his duties, Taj finds out that he will be a history teacher to his new mates and that his teaching supervisor will be Charlotte Higginson (Lauren Cohan), an English beauty, who just happens to be dating Pip Everett. Taj is instantly smitten with Charlotte. Charlotte instantly is not smitten in return. Taj and Charlotte clash over Taj's less conventional traditional teaching methods until Charlotte points out that his new mates are in danger of flunking out of school because their grades are so low. Taj takes Charlotte's challenge to heart and starts turning the mates around - their grades as well as their self-esteem. Meanwhile, much to the chagrin of Pip Everett, not only are the Cock and Bulls catching up to the Fox and Hounds in the Hastings Cup, but Taj and Charlotte are spending a lot of time together. Pip sets out to get rid of Taj by attempting to humiliate him at the Royal Literary Ball and then sabotaging Ballzac at the Camford Dog Show, but both cases backfire and Pip ends up the one embarrassed. Much to Pip's horror, Taj and Charlotte are clearly falling in love and the Cock and Bulls are moving into a close second behind the Fox and Hounds. Pip decides to set up Taj and the Cock and Bulls by planting stolen test exams in their house. The plan works temporarily, and the mates are about to get expelled until Taj steps up and takes the blame for the theft - on the condition that his friends are allowed to stay in school. The school Provost agrees to the terms, and Taj has to leave Camford. Heart-broken, Charlotte tells Taj she never wants to see him again. The mates are now left to compete in the final event of the Hastings Cup without their fearless leader. But when Charlotte finds evidence that proves Taj's innocence, she and Taj rush to the Hastings Cup, just in time for Taj to compete against Pip in the final event - fencing. A humiliated and furious Pip makes sure that the fencing match degenerates into an all out sword fight, but in the end, Taj defeats Pip and the mates win the Hastings Cup. Pip gets expelled for planting the exams and Taj and Charlotte get to live happily ever after.
tt0382628
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Dahlia (Jennifer Connelly) and her daughter Ceci -Cecelia- (Ariel Gade) move to a flat in a condominium because of Dahlia's impending divorce. They go to live to Roosevelt Island, a neighbourhood in New York. Because her soon-to-be-ex-husband Kyle (Dougray Scott) rejects the new school and the new surroundings, it looks that the proceedings for Ceci's custody are turning nasty. The mediators (Bill Buell and Linda Emond) feel that Ceci would be the most damaged person at the end of the divorce, regardless of whom the custody's winner will turn out to be eventually. Dahlia and Ceci live on the ninth floor. Dahlia tries to keep her routines, reading children's books to Ceci before going to bed, taking her to school, etc. However, she keeps on getting splitting headaches and has to take heavy medication. The condo has laundry facilities in the basement and a rude clerk called Veeck (Pete Postlethwaite) who is always complaining about everything but not doing much. Pretty soon, Dahlia finds herself exhausted. She needs to keep her job to pay her bills, her mother (Elina Löwensohn) disapproves of her life and finds herself worried about Dahlia's psychological strength. When Dahlia first took a look at the flat, she didn't notice that there was a damp stain in a bedroom, but later on, when she and Ceci are already living there, it becomes a huge problem. They also begin to hear strange noises coming from the other side of the walls, The flat is badly-lit, the same as the dilapitated corridors or the dark basement. The clerk promises to call in a plumber. Two teenaged boys are making mayhem around the flat. They are almost always together and they are considered vandals. One of them even makes a sexual remark to Dahlia when they found her on the basement preparing a washing machine full of clothes. However, they leave , and Dahlia is alone when she turns on the washing machine. It doesn't seem to work properly so she starts another one. She hears strange noises, the water inside the washing machine turns nasty brown and Dahlia thinks that there is a girl inside the washing machine. She pulls the lid until the machine's door opens, but later, when she realises that there is nobody inside, she blames it on a prank played by the two teenaged boys. Ceci has been unable to make friends in her new school, so she starts playing with her imaginary friend, Natasha. Dahlia tries not to worry, but the weight of the world on her shoulders starts to take its toll. The clerk says that Ceci must have seen/heard Natasha, the little girl who lives in the 10th floor with her father. After the incident in the laudromat, Dahlia sees the red Hello Kittly schoolbag named after Natasha. When Ceci gives it back to the clerk, he just throws it away again. Jeff Platzer (Tim Roth) is Dahlia's lawyer. He seems to live in his car, all on his own. However, when Dahlia calls him in panic a Sunday evening, he says to her that he is taking his family to the cinema and that he will call on Dahlia the next day. Cue to him, all by himself in the gritty cinema. Dahlia talks to Ceci and tells her to stop playing with her invisible friend. Later, at school, Ceci is making a drawing of herself and her mother in front of the home. It looks like an invisible force is forcing her to paint on top of the drawing, so that everything becomes a blurred disaster. Ceci gets annoyed and shouts to the invisible energy to stop it. The teacher (Camryn Manheim), sees that Ceci is having a kind of nervous breakdown. She takes Ceci to the bathroom so that she can wash her hands. There, muddy water goes out from all the taps, and Ceci encloses herself within a toilet cubicle. A dark-haired girl in a red coat walks by, splashing on the watery floor. The teacher (Camryn Manheim) phones Dahlia, who arrives all wet from the heavy rain. She is told that Ceci got dizzy and fainted in the bathroom. Kyle accuses Dahlia of being unstable and a bad influence for Ceci. Platzer asks Dahlia whether there is anything real in all those accusations, and Dahlia talks about her headaches. Platzer takes the matter on his own hands, as he seems to feel that Dahlia is about to have a breakdown. He phones the owner of the building, Mr Murray (John C. Reilly), who seems really upset when he notices the level of damage made by the water coming from the 10th floor. Murray promises that a plumber will arrive the following day. Next day, the plumber says that the pipes themselves are not the problem, as there was no leakage to begin with. Dahlia decides to take her fears seriously and investigate the matter. She goes up to the 10th floor, but nobody lives there anymore. On the 10th floor there lived a family of Russians. They were a disfunctional family: the mother was an alcoholic, but their only young child, Natasha (Perla Harney-Hardine), was nice and welcoming. The mother checked herself into rehab, leaving Natasha with her father. The father returned to Russia, taking for granted that Natasha was with her mother. The child was abandoned by both parents, so one day, when on the rooftop, she walked up the ladder to the big reservoir and drowned in it. It seems that the clerk knew about it, but he refused to do anything about the matter, because after all, it was not his job. Instead, he just stopped taking care of the reservoir, and that was why Dahlia's apartment was getting flooded again and again. Dahlia peers inside the reservoir. She immediately spots Natasha's corpse. Natasha opens her eyes and tries to take Dahlia inside, but Dahlia leaves the place and phones the police. The police arrest Veeck, but there is no way to prove that either of Natasha's parents killed her, and Veeck is probably only guilty of not having phoned the police when he realised that Natasha was dead. Once that the ordeal seems to be over, Dahlia talks to Kyle. She proposes to reach an agreement over Ceci's custody and live closer to Kyle. Kyle is overjoyed to hear it. Dahlia intends to leave the condo in only a week... for good. That night, Dahlia prepares a bath with bubbles for Ceci. Dahlia leaves Ceci in the bath and talks on the phone to her mum. Dahlia is having her bath playing with a blue doll. When Dahlia is about to take Ceci out of the bath the girl is already in the living room, wrapped in a robe. Dahlia starts reading a children's book to her, when suddenly she realises that it is Natasha, not Ceci. Dahlia has to break down the bathroom door. Natasha is trying to drown Ceci. To save her daughter, Dahlia offers to take care of Natasha forever. The bathroom becomes flooded. The police are in the building again. They think that Dahlia has committed suicide. Kyle picks Ceci up, and takes her to his home. When they are in the lift, they become stranded. At that moment, the ghost of Dahlia talks to Ceci, combs her hair and tells her that if she has a problem in the future Dahlia would be in the building waiting and that she would help her. Meanhwile, Ceci leaves the building happily, and Dahlia stays to take care of Natasha.
tt0479500
Comedy,Crime,Family
Nancy Drew (Emma Roberts) and her father, Carson (Tate Donovan), move from River Heights for a few months and rent a house in Los Angeles, due to it being the home of the murdered movie star, Dehlia Draycott. Despite the mystery, Nancy's father has forbidden her from further sleuthing and encourages her to focus on high school and being normal. Nancy struggles to fit in at her new school, only befriending a boy named Corky (Josh Flitter), and realizes that the sleuthing world is the only place she fits in causing her to decide to solve the Draycott mystery. She traces Draycott's disappearance to having had a child and giving it up for adoption in privacy, and learns that a "Jane Brighton" (Rachael Leigh Cook) is Draycott's sole beneficiary of a will that has since disappeared. Nancy receives a threatening phone call telling her to get off the case, and contacts her father's business associate, Dashiel Biedermeyer (Barry Bostwick), the lawyer of the Draycott estate, to assist her with the case. Meanwhile, as an early birthday present, Nancy's father presents her with the blue Roadster she left back at home in River Heights and along side it came her boyfriend, Ned (Max Thieriot), who understands her persistence in sleuthing and finds himself assisting Nancy with the Draycott mystery. Corky becomes jealous of Nancy and Ned's close relationship and tries his best to get Nancy's attention. The trio spend numerous hours together, also discovering an underground passageway to the neighbor's basement, which is rented by Leshing (Marshall Bell), the groundskeeper to the Draycott estate. One afternoon, a tearful Jane arrives on Nancy's doorstep and announces that her daughter has been taken away from her. She knows that none of the charges of misconduct are true, and reveals that after Nancy's initial visit, a man showed up on her doorstep to threaten her. Nancy demands that her father take up Jane's case; he agrees, and Jane stays with them. While watching Dehlia Draycott movie, Nancy realizes that Draycott must have hidden her revised will in a prop from one of her movies. Nancy discovers the will in a Chinatown antique shop and as she walks back to her car she calls her father and brags that she's found the evidence to stop the bad guys and will take them down! Silly girl! Not a moment later a rag full of Chloroform is slapped on her mouth and the powerful drugging fumes knock Nancy bonkers in her nasal tubes and swiftly put her down for the count! She's out! Nancy's whisked away inside an SUV, her clock completely cleaned! Nancy comes to in an abandoned theater but manages to escape when the thugs who drugged her underestimate how long the Chloroform will keep her out. Nancy and the thugs get into a car chase in which Nancy crashes and winds up in the emergency room. Her father, along with Biedermeyer, arrives and demands to know what is going on. She admits to her secret sleuthing and explains about Draycott's hidden will. Biedermeyer offers them a ride home so he can sign a business deal with Mr. Drew. Nancy discovers that Biedermeyer is the one who was disinherited by Dehlia's will (signing his papers with a large "Z") and concludes that he is Dehlia Draycott's supposed love, and jumps out of the moving car. Nancy manages to make it all the way home and is caught by Biedermeyer, who threatens to "squeeze it out of her." Nancy asks him as to why he killed Dehlia, and he replies with saying that Dehlia went a bit crazy after her reappearance, that Jane is not his daughter, but Leshing's, and demands the will. Nancy kicks Biedermyer in the shin and escapes, but is once again cornered by Biedermeyer and his henchmen. Leshing arrives via the secret passageway and knocks the henchmen unconscious. The will is restored to its rightful owner. Jane is able to get back her daughter and converts the Draycott mansion into a home for single mothers, and the Drews return to River Heights. As Nancy watches a video sent by Jane and her new Draycott Home for Single Mothers she is a bit sad that the mystery is over. She goes outside to see Ned adjusting her car. They talk and they both lean in for a kiss. Right after she gets a phone call for a new mystery in Scotland. And she is just as cheerful as ever.
tt0455960
Crime,Thriller
Jim (Zachary Knighton) is a young college student picking up his girlfriend Grace (Sophia Bush) to go to Lake Havasu for a Spring Break holiday. They zoom along the highway in Jim's muscle car, an Oldsmobile 442, and by evening they are in New Mexico and in a rainstorm. Jim frequently gives Grace loving glances, and as he talks to Grace about meeting her friends, Jim looks away from the road for a little too long. He almost hits a man standing in the middle of the highway as the rain pours down. Jim stops the car, feels bad that he almost hit this guy, and wants to offer the man a ride as it seems the stranger's car parked by the side of the road has broken down. Grace says absolutely not to pick him up, but the man now is walking towards their car. Jim tries to start his car but the motor is flooded. It finally starts and they drive off, just as the man reaches their car door. They argue about whether or not they should have picked up the man; Jim feels guilty. A few miles down the road they stop at a gas station with the typically weird attendant. Jim asks the attendant to send a tow rig back to pick up the stranger and his car, but the attendant says that will have to wait until the next day. Grace goes to the lady's room as Jim buys her favorite "processed food" - Hostess Twinkies. As he fills his car with gas, a big rig stops and drops off a passenger who is the stranger they left stranded. The stranger asks the attendant where the nearest motel is located, and when he hears it is 12 miles down the road he turns to Jim and asks if he can ride with him. They talk about the fact Jim didn't stop for him earlier, and the stranger says he doesn't blame him. He wouldn't have stopped either. He says his name is John Rider (Sean Bean), and Jim agrees to take him as far as the motel just as Grace comes out of the lady's room looking very apprehensive. For the first minute of their ride down the highway, John Rider seems friendly and pleasant. The two men are sitting in the front and Grace is in the back listening to her iPod. Then John Rider casually asks Jim how often he has sexual relations with his girlfriend. Jim is stunned and upset. He notices the ring on John's left hand and asks him how often he has sexual relations with his wife. John says he's not married and that he wears the ring so that people will think he's a nice guy. John then reaches for Jim's cell phone and snaps it in two. As Grace tries to dial 911 on her phone, John Rider pulls out his knife and holds it to Jim's throat and says he will kill him unless he says, "I want to die." Jim continues to drive and he and Grace are in a panic as he slowly says, "I want to....." As he says "die", he swerves the car, Grace opens the door and John Rider falls out onto the road. Jim and Grace continue driving, badly shaken, agreeing to tell the police what has happened at the next town. A few hours later, Grace is asleep in the car and Jim is so tired he pulls off the side of the road to take a nap. He falls asleep, but John Rider finds them and smashes in his car window..... Jim wakes up realizing he was having a nightmare. He and Grace continue on down the highway and are passed by a station wagon filled with a dad, mom and two kids in the back. Sitting next to a little boy in the back end of the station wagon is someone holding a giant stuffed frog in his lap. As the station wagon passes Jim and Grace, the frog waves at them, and we see the smiling, friendly face of John Rider pop out from behind the frog. Jim and Grace freak out as they realize what John Rider will do to this family. They speed up and come even with the station wagon as Grace screams out a warning to the man and woman. They don't get what she is trying to tell them, and Jim loses control of his car, and drives off the side of the road and into a ravine. The car is totaled, but Jim and Grace manage to pull themselves together and climb back onto the road and continue their journey on foot. Soon they see the station wagon pulled off the side of the road, and they run to it fearing that John Rider has used his knife to kill the family - which proves to be the case. Jim holds the dad, the only one still alive as Grace drives. Suddenly a red pickup is banging into the back of the station wagon. It's John Rider trying to run them off the road. Grace drives to the next stop on the road, a cafe. The truck has dropped out of sight. She runs inside and tells the waitress to call 911 and asks for towels (to help stop the father's bleeding wounds). The waitress calls the sheriff as Grace heads for the bathroom and begins pulling paper towels from the holder. Suddenly she sees that someone is outside the bathroom door (shadows under the door threshold) and she ever so quietly slides the door lock closed. The door knob turns. Grace waits until the person leaves and she thinks it's safe and runs back into the cafe where she is arrested. The sheriff and his deputies arrive on the scene and think Grace and Jim are the killers since they are strangers in their community, and take them both into custody. They lock Jim in a jail cell, and ask Grace questions in an interrogation room with a see-through mirror. The sheriff steps out of the room, and doesn't return. She looks at the mirror and realizes someone is looking at her from the other side. That someone is John Rider who has killed the sheriff and his two deputies. He dips his finger in the sheriff's blood and traces Grace's face as she peers through the other side of the mirror/window. Grace finally tries the door of the interrogation room, and when it opens, she grabs the keys off the sheriff's body and unlocks Jim's cell. As they run out the back door of the jail, they take a gun off the body of one of the deputies. John Rider has disappeared for the time being. The state police now are involved and as the lieutenant in charge walks through the carnage in the sheriff's office, he sees the drawing in blood on the interrogation room window and realizes that Jim and Grace are not the only killers. When he gets their background information and sees that they are college students, he says they may be innocent. Jim and Grace make their way to an old trailer park and try to find a car. When a deputy arrives, they hide inside of an old building, and a scorpion crawls near Jim's foot. Instead of stepping on it, he moves it away with his foot. When the deputy tries to arrest them, they manage to get his gun. As they try to get him back into his car, he tries to get the gun back from Grace. A shot rings out, and there is a bullet hole in the deputy's head. Another carload of lawmen drive up and think Grace shot the deputy, but it was John Rider who has been hiding in a building just behind Grace, and who used a rifle he took from the sheriff's office. Jim and Grace drive off in the dead deputy's car with three police cars and a helicopter right behind and over them. Grace speaks into the police car radio microphone and says they are innocent. But the overzealous lieutenant who is monitoring all of this from his office says that his men saw her shoot the deputy. A policeman shoots the tires on their car and the helicopter hovers right above them. They must pull over, but, almost out of nowhere, a black and white Trans Am pulls up behind the three police cars, and then alongside them. It's John Rider and he shoots the officers and when one car crashes into another and another, and they are all killed. He looks up at the helicopter and shoots the pilot and it crashes. Jim and Grace manage to drive their thrashed sheriff's car to a motel and sneak into one of the rooms. They shower together, and Jim says he's sorry for getting them into this mess. He tells Grace he is going a pay phone to call home to get help and will be back in 15 minutes. Grace finishes her shower and watches TV in bed and falls asleep. When she awakens, she sees a Hostess Twinkie on the night stand and smiles. She thinks Jim is in bed with her, but it turns out to be John Rider. She struggles with him, smashes his face with a lamp, and grabs the gun she has been carrying with her. She hides in the bathroom and gets dressed. She comes out of the hotel room, carrying the gun, calling for Jim. She finds him with his arms chained to the front of one big rig and his legs to the back of another. She runs to the driver's cab of the first truck and there sits John Rider ready to drive the truck forward which will kill Jim. He tells Grace to shoot him - that he wants to die, but that if he does, his foot will come off the clutch and Jim will die anyway. Grace can't pull the trigger, and the police show up just in time to watch the truck pull forward, where they seen Jim ripped in half (you see Jim ripped in half on-screen) and arrest John Rider. Next we see Grace, in shock, sitting in the lieutenant's office. The lieutenant says he will take her to Albuquerque where they have a trauma facility and that her parents will meet her there. He also spends a few minutes interrogating John Rider.... or the stranger who has assumed his identity. Apparently, the real John Rider disappeared the previous Tuesday, and they cannot get any kind of identification on this killer of so many people. The policemen escort the killer to a van to be moved to Albuquerque and begin the journey with the lieutenant and Grace following in the lieutenant's car. We see the interior of the back of the van where the killer sits with a single police officer. He works the handcuffs off his wrists, slashes the neck of the officer with the loose handcuff, grabs the officer's gun, and shoots the officers in front as the van crashes into the lieutenant's car. The lieutenant's leg is pinned in his car and he can't move. Grace takes his gun determined to stop the killer once and for all. She moves toward the van and opens the back door. The killer leaps out, grabs the gun from her, locks her in the back of the van, and then sets the van on fire. The killer walks toward the lieutenant, carrying his gun. Meanwhile, Grace is trying to squeeze through the grate separating the back of the van from the front. Finally she gets through far enough to grab a shotgun the guards carried with them. She shoots out the back of the van just as the killer shoots the lieutenant. She walks toward the killer, cocks the shotgun and shoots him in his bulletproof vest. He turns to walk away, and she shoots him again. He kneels in front of her and says, "It feels good, doesn't it." And then she shoots him in the head as the camera pans away showing Grace standing with the shotgun, and the killer lying in a pool of his own blood.
tt1507563
Action,Adventure,Drama
Kate Mathieson (Halle Berry) is a diver who is deeply drawn to close encounters with the magnificent White Sharks who rule the primal predator shore of isolated Guadalupe island. When her husband chooses ambition over his wife's safety in a split second encounter with the jaws of death, her marriage nearly breaks apart. A year later, a monsoon season voyage back to the same island becomes an escalating series of terrifying underwater confrontations and gut-wrenching emotional challenges. Testing her courage in the face of nature's ultimate terror, Kate proves herself to be as tough as the men she is attracted to; and perhaps bravest of all she endures and changes the terms of the contest with mankind's most feared underwater predator
tt1780983
Action,Drama,Thriller
When an unknown vigilante begins killing high-priority terrorists from America's Most Wanted list in Europe, a former FBI field agent (Christian Slater) is brought in by the US ambassador (Donald Sutherland) to discover the identity of the assassin. - Netflix
tt1232207
Documentary,Crime,News
The film alternates between a fierce critique of the status quo, personal portraits of the suffering caused by the recent economic crisis, and comical social satire. The film begins a series of security footages of bank robberies (one of the robbers was even on a crutch) accompanied by the song "Louie, Louie". Moore then uses an Encyclopedia Britannica archive video to compare the modern-day America with the Roman Empire. The film then depicts home videos of families being evicted from their homes, as well as the "Condo Vultures", a Florida real estate agent whose business flourished with the increasing number of foreclosures. The film then cuts back to the past "golden days" of American capitalism following World War II. The film then shows part of a July 15, 1979 speech by President Jimmy Carter (known today as the "Malaise" speech) about America's "crisis of confidence" and warning Americans of the dangers of "self-indulgence and consumption" (which almost no one wanted to listen to). In the following Reagan years of the 1980s, where the policies of Don Regan "turned the bull loose" for free enterprises, corporations gained more political power, unions were weakened, and socioeconomic gaps were widened. The film then cuts to the Luzerne County court scandal, Captain Sullenberger's congressional testimony regarding airline pilots' poor treatment, and the expose of "dead peasant insurance" policies that have companies profiting from the deaths of their employees. Moore then interviews several Catholic priests, including Bishop Thomas Gumbleton (Archdiocese of Detroit), all of whom consider capitalism contrary to the teachings of Christianity. The film then presents a mockery of what would happen if Jesus was a capitalist who wanted to "maximize profits", to "deregulate the banking industry" and wanted the sick to "pay out of pocket" for their "pre-existing condition", in contrast with several news pundits who proclaim the success of various capitalist enterprises as being a "blessing from God." The film then features a leaked internal Citigroup memo happily declaring the United States a "plutonomy" (a society "where economic growth is powered by and largely consumed by the wealthy few"), with the top 1% of the population controlling more financial wealth than the bottom 95% combined. The same report also raises the concern of "societies demanding a more 'equitable' share of wealth". Moore then interviews Wall Street Journal columnist Stephen Moore (no relation), who believes "capitalism is a lot more important than democracy". The film then cuts to co-determination worker cooperatives like Wisconsin's Isthmus Engineering and California's Alvarado Street Bakery, which are owned and run democratically by their employees, as alternative models to the current capitalist system. After referring to Dr. Jonas Salk, who selflessly gave away the patent of the polio vaccine for the public good ("Would you patent the sun?"), Moore wonders about how the brightest of America's young generation are attracted into finance instead of science. Moore then goes to Wall Street seeking technical explanation about derivatives and credit default swaps, only to be advised "don't make any more movies". Eventually Marcus Haupt, a former VP of Lehman Brothers, agrees to help but fails at clearly explaining these terms. Harvard professor Kenneth Rogoff similarly fails ("Sorry... I apologize... These are pretty exotic"). Moore eventually concludes that the complex system and terminology are merely there to confuse and "get away with murder", and Wall Street is just "an insane casino". Moore then explores the role of Alan Greenspan and the U.S. Treasury in leading up to the United States housing bubble that devastated the American middle class. Moore also interviews a former employee at Countrywide Financial responsible for their VIP program for "FOAs" and details how many members of Congress and political figures received favorable mortgage rates under the program. Moore then discusses with William Black, who analogizes the situation to the build-up of the collapse of a dam. The film then shows the series of events leading up to the passing of 2008 bailout proposed by Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson (also the former CEO of Goldman Sachs). Moore then speaks with several Members of Congress, with Ohio congresswoman Marcy Kaptur supporting Moore's comment that the passing of the bailout is a "financial coup d'état". Moore interviews Elizabeth Warren, the head of the US Congressional Oversight Committee, the government agency serving as a watchdog for Congress' wrong-doing and investigating Congressional "oversights" (mistakes). He asks her, "Where's our money?", referring to the $700 billion bailout money which Congress gave to the big banks and Wall Street investment companies. There is a dramatic pause and Warren replies, "I don't know." Advised by Warren to contact Paulson's office for answer, Moore's call is promptly disconnected upon recognition of his identity. He then goes to Wall Street demanding to "get the money back for the American people", but is denied entry into every office building of the major banks. The film then shows the events leading up to the 2008 U.S. election, where branding of capitalism and socialism occurs as part of the scare campaign, and Moore expresses hope that the election of Barack Obama might turn things into the right track. The film then contrasts the present economic reality in America with the policy of US president Franklin D. Roosevelt, who supported the Flint Sit-Down Strike in 1936. Moore also includes a long-lost archival footage of FDR calling for a Second Bill of Rights that would guarantee all Americans "a useful job, a decent home, adequate health care, and a good education." Moore discusses his own spiritual beliefs as a Catholic, and questions whether Jesus would belong to a hedge fund or sell short. His conclusion, which he elaborated on in more detail after the film's release, is that "you can't call yourself a capitalist and a Christian, because you cannot love your money and love your neighbor." The documentary features a number of positive portrayals, which include bailout watchdog Elizabeth Warren, Wayne County Sheriff Warren Evans, who put forth a moratorium on home evictions, and Ohio Representative Marcy Kaptur, who on the floor of the US Congress encouraged Americans to be "squatters" in their own homes, and refuse to vacate. The film closes with Moore placing police lines around numerous banks, and lastly, Wall Street itself. Moore's closing remarks are the following: capitalism is an evil which can only be eliminated, in its place, a better system is that of democracy - rule by the people, not by money, and asks all those who support his beliefs to "speed it up", mimicking the famous phrase said by Don Regan to Ronald Reagan during one of the latter's speeches.
tt1870425
Comedy
Don't watch this. It's just crap about two people getting high throughout the whole movie. And the "cgi" is cheap.... PLEASE.... WATCHING OTHER MOVIES ABOUT DRUGS...NOT THIS ONE.
tt0457419
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
from PluggedinOnline.com: Mr. Magorium never outgrew his toys--pretty remarkable, considering the guy is 243 years old. Magorium, a lively fellow with wild hair, who has a pet zebra named Mortimer and a fondness for shoes, has been running Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium for the last century or so. It's a place that makes Toys 'R' Us look like the DMVwhere Legos build themselves, fish-mobiles are made with real, wriggling fish, and balsa-wood dinosaurs play with Frisbees. But big changes are ahead. See, Mr. Magorium has worn out his last pair of favorite shoes, and since he bought enough to last a lifetime, he knows he's about to die, er, depart, as he puts it. So Magorium hires a stuffy accountant (whom he immediately dubs Mutant) to determine what his store is worth and prepares to hand the whole thing over to his day-to-day manager, Molly Mahoney. POSITIVE ELEMENTS: The doubt-filled Mahoney has her own problems. And this candy-colored film creatively uses them to teach us all a thing or two about life. When she was a child, everyone told her she was a musical prodigy, and she still has aspirations of fulfilling her promise. But now, as an adult, she's still working at, well, a toy store. Sure, it's magical and all, but it's not the sort of job one boasts about at class reunions. She is horrified when she learns of Magorium's plans and tells him flat-out that he's got to keep living and dealing with the store himself. After all, she points out, the place is called Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium. "It rhymes!" she exclaims, and she takes it upon herself to show her eccentric boss all the small wonders of the world he'd miss out on if he decided to, um, depart. What kind of things? Things like dancing on Bubble Wrap, jumping on furniture-store beds and, inexplicably, making calls from pay phones. The Emporium isn't so keen on Magorium leaving, either: The bright red walls begin turning a charred gray in anticipation and, on Magorium's apparent last day, it throws a temper tantrum. In so doing it reveals to attentively watching children just how childish such outbursts are. "Maybe it needs a time-out," says Eric, a hat-loving store regular. Eric, a boy of about 9, is the film's voice of rationality. But he's struggling, too. His hat-wearing ways and penchant for elaborate Lincoln Log sculptures make kids his own age steer well clear. But his mom and Mr. Magorium are urging him to try to make friends. So he does. He reaches out to the Mutant. He begins to write notes to the guy, holding them up to the window of the store's office, where the Mutant is poring over centuries-old receipts. "Would you like to play checkers?" Eric scribbles. Sorry, Mutant writes back. I'm working. "How about when you're done working?" Eric returns. "I never stop working." But he does eventually stop working. And before film's end, Mutant and Eric are playing pretend and having loads of fun with the best of 'em. Thus, Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium is crammed with winsome, childlike wisdom, coaxing nursery-rhyme-like precepts from its characters and their relationships. They're archetypes, really: The accountant who can't see the magic around him; the shunned, shy little boy; and the uncertain store manager who feels she was made to do great(er) things. When Mahoney first asks the Mutant whether he sees a sparkle in her"something reflective of something bigger trying to get out," he's befuddled. But not for long. Indeed, all the characters here carry with them a hidden "sparkle." And each one journeys toward getting it to show. Through it all Magorium serves as ringmaster, part silly man-child and part wise sage. Confronting his own mortality, he tells the store the only thing they can do is face the coming day with "determination, joy and bravery." When Mahoney takes Magorium to a clock store so they can listen to all the clocks strike 12, she breathlessly whispers they only have 37 secondsall they have to do is wait. Magorium corrects her, saying that it's 37 seconds to breathe, reflect, enjoy, regenerate, dream. "Thirty-seven seconds well used is a lifetime," he says. In the end, this is largely a tale about the wonder of life, the inevitability of death and the struggle to bring those two conflicting ideas together. That's oddly heavy stuff for a G-rated flick about a magical toy store, but it's handled quite deftly and in ways that even its youngest viewers will understand. Stories, even the ones we love the most, must eventually come to an end, we're told. "I'm only asking that you turn the page," Magorium tells a weeping Mahoney. "Continue reading. And let the next story begin." SPIRITUAL EMELMENTS: Spirituality enters at right angles. The Mutant scolds Magorium at one point for keeping fictional characters on his payroll. As an example, he points to an entry for the "King of Planet Yahweh." "Oh, he's not fictional," Magorium said, though he admits the planet is hokum. "He's definitely not fictional." When Magorium tries to make it clear he's departing, it's Eric who understands first. "I think it means he's going to heaven," he says. Magorium agrees, then adds other places he might wind up in, including the Happy Hunting Grounds and Shangri La. He concludes with, "I may return as a bumblebee." VIOLENT CONENT: When a 2-year-old throws a tantrum, it's bad enough. When a huge toy store throws one, things get downright crazy. One girl gets covered in goo. A boy runs around with a lemur attached to his head. Another shopper, reading a book about the sea, gets attacked by a squid. (She makes a formal, and wet, complaint to Magorium with the squid still clutching her cranium.) Objects fly off shelves. Glass breaks. Pandemonium ensues. A kid rudely stomps on Mutant's toe. A towering red gym ball squishes (harmlessly) a young shopper against a door. Magorium opens the door and says, "Pretty impressive ball, isn't it? Impossible to dodge." CONCLUSION; I remember my first pinwheelhow, when I took it outside, the wind would catch it, and sunshine would glint off its metallic plastic sleeves. For a 5-year-old, it was ... magic. There's lots of magic like this in Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium. Stuffed animals cozy up to would-be owners, a gigantic magic book poofs toys into instantaneous existence, and bouncy balls try to sneak out of the store via shoppers' bags. This isn't the kind of magic you find in Macbeth or Harry Potter or even The Chronicles of Narnia. This is the special magic with which most children engage during their first precious years, when the world is filled with wonder and newness and outrageous possibilities. The Emporium is a place where imagination sparks reality; where paper planes can paint a cosmos.
tt1334102
Drama,Horror,Mystery
The movie starts with newly divorced ER doctor Juliet (Hilary Swank) running through New York City and working in a busy ER. She is looking for an apartment to rent. After viewing one ridiculously small one, she looks at a stunning apartment with a lovely view. The owner, Max (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is renting it for £3800 she is surprised at the price and immediately takes it. Max helps her move in and while moving in her furniture, she meets Max's grandfather, August (Christopher Lee), they exchange pleasantries and continue to move the furniture in. Max and Juliet immediately hit it off and appear to be becoming good friends. That night, Juliet is alone in her house, as she gets ready for bed by taking a bath, the camera view looks like it's spying on her. The next day, she is persuaded by her friend to go to an art exhibition. While there, Max bumps into her and she asks that he walk her home. He is happy to do it and they take a long walk home, stopping to get coffee. As they sit in the park drinking coffee, they chat. Max then walks her to her door, and as they kiss on the cheek, she turns to kiss him, but he turns away. She is embarrassed, saying she read the signals wrong and closes the door. Juliet then prepares for a bath, we also see small, dark corridors and peepholes looking into her apartment. She pours a glass of wine and gets in the bath. While there, we can see her through a vent at the end of her bath. She ducks her head under the water just as a train passes and knocks her wine to the ground. After her bath she hears noises, she heads towards her bedroom window where it closes suddenly frightening her. She then turns in to bed. The next day her ex husband Jack calls, she answers the phone and he apologises and asks to meet up, she tells him she has to go and hangs up. Just as she hangs up, Max calls and asks her for dinner. That night she is in Max's house for dinner. After dinner, he walks her back to her apartment and they both walk in. They start to kiss passionately while taking each other's clothes off. Then the movie does a fast rewind past all of Max and Juliet's meetings right to the very start of the film where she was in the ER department. It shows Max there with August. August had just had a stroke. Max is watching Juliet work and starts to become obsessed, he clocks her name tag. While at the hospital, he notices a flyer from her asking for an apartment, he takes one of the slips with her number on it. You then see them meeting in the apartment. At the art show, Max followed Juliet in a cab and watched her go in, he then followed her in and pretended to bump into her. Afterwards you see their almost kiss. After she closes the door, he heads back to his apartment where he is watching TV, he then heads through the corridors and you see him looking through the vent at the end of the bath tub as Juliet's wine falls. You see Max then entering her apartment and watching her in the dark corners, he then hides under her bed as she gets ready and goes into it. The movie goes back to them passionately kissing and taking each other's clothes off. They head to the bed when she changes her mind, telling him that she is not ready to be with someone else after Jack yet. He leaves. That night, Max seals off the entrance to the peephole corridor by using a nail gun and planks of wood at the door, which we discover is in his wardrobe. The next scene shows Max with August, giving him his medication by syringe. August calls him weak like his father, and we see through newspaper clippings that his father killed his mother. Juliet and Max then bump into each other in a café, she apologises for the previous night and he tells her it probably wouldnt be a good idea and it could get complicated as they are landlord and tenant, she is happy he says this as she was thinking the same thing. That night, Max tears down the barrier to the corridor, and goes into Juliets apartment. She is sleeping and he goes into her bedroom and tries to kiss her, she turns round so he leaves. He creaks the floorboards and she wakes up and heads to the kitchen where she can hear a noise. You see Max watch her though a secret door in her kitchen cupboard, she goes into the cupboard and pushes against a wall, only for the wall to collapse into a secret wine cellar. The next day she calls Max about it and asks if she could keep it. He tells her he can fix it up but she has to go to work, he says he can do it while she is out, she is happy with that arrangement and leaves. After she is gone, Max studies her house, he goes into the bathroom and uses her toothbrush. He then goes into her bath and starts masturbating. Meanwhile, Jack is texting Juliet at work asking for a truce, she does not reply but smiles. Juliet comes home with groceries and Max is there to help her carry them in, she seems uncomfortable with him. He senses this and tells her that she kissed him first. She tells him that's what people do to see if they fit together. He tells her he doesn't do that and neither should she. He then leaves. That night, she is preparing dinner while Max watches her through a peephole in her kitchen. She receives a text message and then goes to her bathroom to get ready. While there, Max comes into her home to check her phone, as he is there Jack and his dog come to the door, Max hides. The dog senses Max and starts barking at the kitchen cupboard. Jack and Juliet have dinner and they have a discussion about their break up. Jack tells her that she was never there and she asks him not to tell her he cheated because she works too hard. They have more of a discussion and then sleep with each other. Max is watching the whole thing from behind her two way full length mirror in the bathroom. Jack does not stay the night and leaves with the dog. Max pours something into the open bottle of wine from a syringe just as Juliet comes to pour herself another glass. Later on, Juliet is knocked out in her bed and her hand falls off the edge. Max is lying under her bed and starts licking her fingers. The next morning, Juliet sleeps in for work which she finds odd as she has never had a problem waking up before. She is finding a lot of things suspicious so she decides to install CCTV in her home looking onto her bedroom and her front door. It only records when there is movement and it has night vision. Max decides he is sick of looking after August, he injects him with his medicine in the neck and kills him. He then follows Juliet and Jack out to dinner. After they leave each other, Max bumps into Jack on the bridge and pushes him down the stairs. Juliet is at home checking her CCTV and it is only her leaving and coming back. She then pours herself a glass of wine. After she is sleeping, Max comes into her bedroom and unbuttons her top, he then kisses her. He lifts her up to cuddle her and as he holds her, he notices her eyes are open. He quickly drops her and inserts a syringe into her big toe while she watches him. She then closes her eyes. In the morning, she sleeps in for work again and notices a syringe cap on the floor. She decides to take a blood and urine test at work and sends them off to the lab for analysis. While she is at work, Max is in her home and he takes a dress from her wardrobe and lies on the bed with it. Jack comes in, with a sling on his arm from the fall down the steps. He notices the secret door in her kitchen cupboard and is attacked by Max. Juliet gets the blood work back and discovers that she has Demerol, valmid and valium in both her blood and urine. She then quickly calls Jack and tells him not to go to her apartment but she only gets his answer machine. After she gets home, she notices that the shopping bag that Jack brought is there. She also has several recordings on her CCTV. She watches them and notices Max coming in and raping her as she sleeps. Just as she notices this, Max comes into her apartment by the front door. She tries to act normal and they sit. Max has brought some wine and asks her to drink it. Juliet tells him she is not in the mood. She then gets up and starts to use her phone, Max tells her to put the phone down , he then forces her to sit down. Max then tells her that this time she is going to be awake and sticks a syringe in her thigh. She then stabs him in the shoulder with a small kitchen knife. They fight and she hides in the bathroom. After he stops banging on the door, she looks at herself in the mirror just as Max punches though it and drags her though. She fights with him and runs off. As she is running, she discovers all the peepholes into her apartment. She keeps walking until she hears a door ahead of her, it is Max coming in. He walks down the stairs. Juliet is hiding under the stairs watching him. He leaves and she walks back up the stairs into the kitchen cupboard in her apartment. She also picks up the nail gun from earlier. She walks back though what was her bathroom mirror and is attacked by Max. She shoots him in the chest with the nail gun and makes a run for it. He chases after her but she crawls through a small space. It takes her to a room with a steel door, she is able to slip through the small space and max tries to follow her, he pushes and pulls on the door until it has a bigger space for him to fit through but she pushes it back and locks him out. Max starts battering on the door loosening it from its hinges.Juliet, meanwhile runs towards the only window and smashes it through, she then notices Jack, tied up and bloody. Max gets in through the door and walks over to the window. He stands and looks out just as Juliet comes up behind him with the nail gun, he overpowers her and grabs her neck while holding his hand over the gun, she fires the gun into his hand and he recoils back. She then shoots him several times in the chest and once more when he is down. He jumps up for one last scare but she shoots him in the middle of the head. He falls back dead. Credits roll.
tt2215719
Documentary,Music
A backstage pass, front row seat and intimate look at the fun, glamorous, heartbreaking, inspiring, crazy, magical, passionate, and honest mad diary of Katy Perry. More of a music documentary than a concert video, Katy Perry: Part of Me chronicles Perry's year-long California Dreams World Tour in 2011 with an abundance of personal interviews, film of Perry interacting with her fans, and concert footage from California and around the globe. Absolutely bursting with energy, Perry's a fascinating singer, songwriter, and performer who's faced a fair amount of adversity in her career, and whose upbringing was very different than that of most pop stars. This film plays at times almost like a video diary. Perry philosophizes about everything from growing up in a strictly Pentecostal Christian family to her fairy-tale outlook on life, costuming choices, how her own experiences and emotions influence her lyrics and music, her drive to remain true to herself, and the difficulty of sustaining a long-distance marriage with actor Russell Brand. There's also plenty of footage with Perry's costumers, makeup artists, various assistants, and friends, including actress Shannon Woodward. But some of the most interesting interviews are those with her sister Angela Hudson, who travels with show, and her mother and father regarding their commitment to accepting and supporting Perry and her career despite potential conflicts with their religious views. One discussion that's oddly omitted is any hint of why Perry changed her name. While the personal and backstage footage is heartfelt and quite intriguing, the film seemed somewhat lacking in actual concert footage, though viewers are treated to at least parts of "Firework," "California Gurls," "Part of Me," "Last Friday Night," and "Peacock."
tt1714208
Horror
The movie opens with a nameless, rugged, feral woman (Pollyanna McIntosh) circling what appears as her child. A wolf, apparently tamed by the feral Woman, circles the infant as well but does it no harm. Although it is not fully explained, the Woman is the last remaining member of a human cannibalistic native american tribe that has roamed the north-east coast for decades (as seen in the 2009 film Offspring). Chris Cleek (Sean Bridgers) is a country lawyer who is shown at a local BBQ with his family. The family enjoys BBQ while the oldest daughter Peggy (Lauren Ashley Carter) sits off to the side clearly detached and upset. Their only son Brian Cleek (Zach Rand) watches as three or four boys violate and push a small girl into a corner. He stands up seemingly to come to her aid, but instead shoots a basketball. As they leave, Chris asks his son how it was to which Brian replies that he shot 9 out of 10 baskets. There is no mention of the girl or anything else. Later that night while out hunting, Chris happens upon the Woman who is bathing in a nearby stream. He watches her, leaves, and returns later with a net in an effort to capture her. He manages to trap the Woman in the net and knocks her out. Chris returns home with her, restrains her in the storm cellar next to the house, and directs his family to participate in "civilizing" her. The next day at school with the Woman in the cellar, the kids begin to show their true personalities. Brian is bested by a girl while playing basketball. So later in class, he maliciously puts gum in her brush. She unsuspectingly brushes her hair. He offers aid, but hurts her as he brushes. He appears to enjoy watching her scream in pain. Peggy is withdrawn at school, detached, and often seen wearing very baggy clothes. Her teacher begins to think she is pregnant and approaches her. Peggy does her best to avoid the topic and returns home. Chris' first attempt to approach the woman results in her biting off and swallowing the end of his ring finger. She spits his wedding ring out into a pool of blood beneath her feet. Peggy and Chris' long-suffering wife Belle (Angela Bettis) protest and the youngest daughter Darlin' (Shyla Molhusen) attempts to befriend the imprisoned woman. Nonetheless, Chris' will prevails and he orchestrates an increasingly violent series of civilizing measures. Later that night, Peggy is sitting on her bed, very detached. Her father walks in and sits next her. She is clearly afraid of him. Her mother happens to walk by and quietly watches in the shadows. As Chris begins to talk, he moves closer to Peggy. He tries to reassure her everything will work out because she is very smart and beautiful. Her mother closes in and walks into the room as he kisses Peggy on the forehead. Belle and Chris retire to their room discussing mundane issues. Belle questions Chris' idea of civilizing the Woman considering the two German Shepherds housed in the barn and everything else. He responds by slapping her across the face. The next day Chris goes to work. He gives the appearance of a sharp, smart, charming man. His innocently flirts with clients and his secretary, but just like his son Brian, Chris is clearly a sadistic sociopath who gets off in emotionally hurting people for his own twisted enjoyment without showing any guilt or remorse. However, in contrast to Brian, Chris hides behind a nice-guy facade that manages to fool everyone whereas the ill-tempered Brian makes little effort to put up his own facade. At school, Brian continues to maliciously attack his classmates without directly confronting or physically assaulting them. Peggy is seen crying on the soccer field by her teacher. At the end of the day, Chris picks up his kids from school with Peggy being visibly uncomfortable. At home, Chris baths the Woman with boiling hot water. Belle watches as he caresses the Woman's breast. Belle's mind appears to have snapped as she makes eye contact with the woman. However, she aids Chris in his efforts. Later, Chris decides to bathe the Woman with a high pressure power washer. Belle watches in horror but Peggy, unable to stand it anymore, rushes to the Woman's aid and turns off the power washer. Peggy is forced into the house while Belle and Chris move the woman back into the cellar. There, he dresses her with a gown Belle made for her. Later that night, Chris sneaks out of bed and rapes the Woman while his son Brian secretly observes. As Chris had entered the cellar, he had turned off the light and lit a candle. This is the same candle seen in his daughter Peggy's room. The implication is that he may have raped his daughter too. The next day, Brian comes home early from school and hurts the woman by stabbing her chest with pliers. When Peggy catches her brother assaulting the imprisoned woman, she tells her mother who reports the incident to Chris. Chris laughs off the attack as typical of "adolescent urges," upsetting the normally complacent Belle and driving her to announce her intention to leave Chris and take their two daughters, but not their "rapist" son. Chris suddenly reacts violently as he knocks Belle unconscious while Peggy watches with horror, but Brian naturally shows no emotion to his father's abuse towards women. Just then, Peggy's teacher Ms. Raton (Carlee Baker) rings the doorbell. Ms. Raton, suspicious about Peggy's recent depression and baggy clothes, tells Chris that she believes Peggy is pregnant. Chris becomes angry stating that Ms. Raton has accused him of impregnating his daughter and hits her. He and Brian tie her hands and drag her to the barn where he keeps the German Shepherds. Peggy protests, but Chris pushes her away and then subjects her to a vicious verbal assault. In the barn, Chris and Brian lock Ms. Raton in the dog's cage where the two German Shepherds taunt her. It's soon revealed that the cage also contains an eyeless girl named "Socket" (Alexa Marcigliano) who behaves like the two dogs (Chris references Socket obliquely earlier repeating the word "anophthalmia" several times to Belle). Socket and the dogs kill and eat Ms. Raton as Chris and Brian look on smiling. He later instructs Brian to bring in the wood chipper, rake, and bags because the dogs can never eat it all. Meanwhile, Peggy releases the imprisoned woman from the cellar. The woman bursts from her dungeon and attacks Belle (who has recently regained consciousness) gnawing off most of her face before tossing her dead body in the air. She then proceeds to the barn where she attacks Brian with a lawnmower blade severing his torso. The Woman then rips Chris's heart out of his chest and eats it. With her psychopath mother, father, and brother dead, a terrified Peggy attempts to escape with her little sister. The formerly imprisoned woman does not attack the girls. Instead, the woman offers her bloody finger to the youngest daughter (who licks it) and then to Peggy (who does not). The feral woman, Socket (acting as the woman's dog), and the young girl walk away from the house apparently forming a new family. Peggy initially just watches them walk away, but then follows them towards the woods.
tt1907779
Action,Adventure,Drama
Found footage of an expedition into the Congo jungle where a team of explorers stumbles upon a colony of Dinosaurs. Set in the deepest, wildest throngs of the African jungle, The Dinosaur Project is an ambitious quest by a team of western explorers, hoping to find a water creature, whose origins are rooted in myth and fantasy. The head of the expedition, an Indiana Jones type, has his plans for a successful trip spoiled though, after his helicopter is brought down by a flock of strange enormous birds and to add to his troubles, he also has to look after his stowaway son Luke. Luke is the film's main narrator; with an arsenal of personal cameras at his disposal, the young techno-geek captures every minute of this project, which becomes a lesson in survival. The team quickly discover all is not well in the jungle, and encounter some extraordinary creatures, which civilization has presumed extinct for millions of years!
tt1554091
Drama,Romance
A Better Life begins with Carlos Galindo (Demián Bichir) waking up and going to work. He works as part of a two-man crew with Blasco Martinez (Joaquín Cosio) as a gardener. Blasco is ready to return to Mexico and continually tries to persuade Carlos to purchase his business from him, which includes the work truck and professional gardening tools. Carlos' son Luis (José Julián) is in high school and is dating Ruthie Valdez, the niece of a prominent and powerful local gang leader. Although Ruthies influences get Luis into trouble, she sincerely loves and cares about him. Luis regularly goes to her house after school and is surrounded by gangs and the violence of the streets. This environment further has Luis contemplating his choice of submitting to the gang lifestyle. Luis and Carlos are at odds with each other because Luis is embarrassed by his father and, although he does not wish to follow in his footsteps, has a hard time committing himself to his education. However, his relationship with Ruthie pushes him more in the wrong direction, and his friend Facundo (Bobby Soto) wants to join the local gang and pressures Luis into doing the same. Carlos calls his sister Anna (Dolores Heredia) and asks her for financial assistance to purchase the gardening business from Blasco. Although she wishes to help him, she must first speak with her husband. The next evening, she shows up at his house with the $12,000 he asked for. She reveals to him that it is her daughters education fund. Carlos is reluctant to accept, but after Anna instills her faith in him he is determined to work hard, better himself and Luis, and subsequently pay her back in a year or less. Proud to have purchased the business from Blasco, Carlos returns to the corner where he first met him and hires a worker of his own, Santiago (Carlos Linares). On the first day, as Carlos is near the top of a tall palm tree, Santiago steals the truck. Panicked, Carlos runs after Santiago, but is easily evaded. The next morning, Carlos and Luis head out to find Santiago. They return to the corner looking for him, but he is not there. However, another man who frequents the corner leads them to a South Central apartment complex where he says Santiago lives. The apartment is used as lodgings for illegal immigrant workers from different countries. One man, to whom Santiago sold Carlos cellphone, tells them that Santiago moonlights as a dishwasher at a Mexican restaurant. It turns out to be a nightclub, which is closed when they arrive. They hear music in the distance and find a rodeo. At the rodeo, Carlos and Luis have a conversation revealing Luiss true feeling toward his culture, his father and their situation. Luis is bitter about his mother not being around and feels alone and abandoned because she went away. Furthermore, he expresses to Carlos that he doesnt care for Mexican style music, calling it stupid and that he does care for the past memories his father tries to bring up to bond with him. This further instills the feeling of alienation from Luis, but Carlos is determined to understand him, and have Luis understand Carlos. When the nightclub opens, Carlos finds Santiago washing dishes. Santiago runs away, but Luis is waiting outside, and tackles him. Luis beats Santiago, but Carlos stops him. They discover that Santiago has sold the truck and sent the $3000 to his family. Luis again reveals that he also had high hopes for the business and moving to a better neighborhood and going to a better school. Luis runs away. The next morning Carlos goes looking for Luis and finds him at his friend Facundos house. They argue, but Luis thinks hard and realizes that to move forward and succeed, he must stand by his father. They find the garage where Santiago sold the truck and manage to steal it back. However, on their way home, they are pulled over by the police and Carlos is arrested and placed in prison as an illegal immigrant. He is quickly processed, and Luis gets to the prison just before Carlos is about to board a deportation bus. The guards allow Luis and Carlos to see each other and Carlos apologizes to Luis for not being there for him, and for what he considers is failing him. Luis tells him he shouldnt be sorry. Carlos makes Luis promise him that he will succeed in his studies and Luis makes Carlos promise him that he will return. They both agree and Luis and Anna watch Carlos board the deportation bus. The film closes with Luis at a soccer game with his aunt Anna and his two cousins watching him play. We then see Carlos about to go into the desert with many other illegal immigrants and a coyote guiding them. The coyote says: Listos, para el otro lado - Ready for the other side?, Carlos responds, Vamos a la casa" - "Lets go home.
tt1287468
Action,Comedy,Family
In the age-old battle between cats and dogs, one crazed feline has taken things a paw too far. Kitty Galore, formerly an agent for cat spy organization MEOWS, has gone rogue and hatched a diabolical plan to not only bring her canine enemies to heel, but destroy her former kitty comrades and make the world her scratching post. Faced with this unprecedented threat, cats and dogs will be forced to join forces for the first time in history in an unlikely alliance to defeat kitty galore - in "Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore," a comedy that blends live action with state-of-the-art puppetry and computer animation. It's time for the fur to fly.
tt1331307
Drama,Horror,Thriller
At a small unnamed English college, Quaid and his friend Stephen (a film student), do a Fear Study as a school project, recording people talking about their greatest fears and worst times in their lives. Quaid however is quite insane and wants to take the fear to "the next level". Quaid saw his parents murdered by an axe murderer as a child, this is his greatest fear and he wants to learn what makes others afraid and what it takes for them to overcome their fear. Stephen lost his brother as a teen, his brother was driving drunk and he wonders if he had driven if his brother would still be dead, Quaid buys the same model car and wants Stephen to drive it, and Stephen does. Joshua is a student who gets interviewed by Quaid where he reveals that his fear is becoming deaf again for he lost his hearing for a while after a childhood accident. The following night, shows up at Quaid's house because Quaid told him he had more questions for him. Quaid knocks him out, chains him to a radiator, fires a gun next to his ears, shattering his eardrums and leaving him deaf again. Quaid then drops Joshua off in an alley and goes home again. Abby, a girl involved with the project, has a dark birth mark covering half of her face and also her body, which she doesn't want anyone to see and is terrified of being teased or shunned because of her birthmark. Quaid has video footage of her stripping naked before sex and he sets it up so every TV on campus is showing her naked, and covered in birth marks, he holds up signs in the video which read, "You will never be normal". Humiliated she goes home, fills a bathtub with bleach and starts scrubbing off her skin with a Brillo pad. Stephen shows up at her dorm as she stumbled down the hall naked and bleeding. He gets her to the hospital and goes after Quaid, grabbing the fire axe off the wall to take with him. While he is leaving the hospital, Joshua, who is now clearly deaf follows after him, remembering that Stephen was with Quaid during his interview and assumes they are working together. Cheryl, who is editing the project and who Stephen is in love with, was molested by her father as a girl, he worked at a meat packing plant and he smelled of meat while molesting her so to this day she can't stand the smell of meat and refuses to eat it. Quaid kidnaps her and locks her in a room with a huge piece of beef. After about a week, she finally eats the entire piece of rotten beef. When Stephen shows up and confronts Quaid, Quaid knocks him out, when he awakens he is tied to a chair and Quaid is showing him video footage of him torturing Cheryl. Quaid claims that he let Cheryl go after she ate the meat. Stephen thinks he's lying. Quaid hears a noise downstairs, and goes to check it out. Stephen breaks free. Stephen and Joshua run into each other as Quaid hides and watches. Joshua stabs Stephen with the axe on the floor. Quaid appears and shoots Joshua in the back of the head killing him. Quaid stands over Stephen's body watching him bleed out from the axe wound. Once Stephen is dead, he drags the body down stairs, unlocks a door in the basement, inside is Cheryl, he throws Stephens body in with her, throws a tiny knife on the floor and says, "Let's see how hungry you have to be to get through that". He slams the door shut and leaves her crying with Stephen's dead body.
tt1032825
Drama
Aspiring Lawyer Emilia Greenleaf (Natalie Portman) thought she knew what she wanted when she went after the sexy, married Senior Partner, Jack Woolf (Scott Cohen) . However, she didn't count on getting pregnant and married, and she certainly didn't plan on having to forge a relationship with her highly strung 5 year old stepson, William.. In Manhattan, twenty-two year-old Harvard lawyer Emilia Greenleaf has a crush on her boss, Jack Woolf, and they have an affair. Jack's marriage is a sham but his son, William, is his pride and joy. Emilia soon discovers she's pregnant, and Jack divorces from his wife, Carolyne, in order to marry her. His son is poisoned against the partnership by his mother, and he is also resented by his stepmother. Emilia, who has issues with her womanizer father, delivers Isabel but three days later, the baby dies. Her marriage begins to suffer and unexpectedly William steps in to help find out the truth about Isabel's death.
tt1691920
Drama
Richard (Thomas Jane), Ron (Jeremy Piven), Jonathan (Rob Lowe) and Tim (Christian McKay) are old college buddies who gather for a week each year in Big Sur to celebrate Tims birthday and catch up with each others lives. On the surface, they look like typical men in their forties, with careers, families and responsibilities. But as with most people, there is more to them than meets the eye. As the week progresses, they go down the rabbit hole of excess: mountains of drugs are consumed to a blaring rock 'n' roll soundtrack, parties with much younger women spin out of control. Exhausted and run ragged, they bare their souls and their reunion takes a much darker turn. When a promise from their past is brought to light, none of their lives will ever be the same. From director Mark Pellington, I MELT WITH YOU is a visually dazzling, wild and woolly trip deep into the male psyche, driven by four amazingly committed and profound performances from Thomas Jane, Jeremy Piven, Rob Lowe and Christian McKay. (from the Official Movie Website)
tt1640711
Comedy,Romance
Hilarious comedy starring Kris Marshall, Xavier Samuel and Laura Brent. David and Mia meet and fall in love after meeting on holiday in Australia. After a week, David proposes and they plan to marry in a few days, convinced she is the love of his life. David goes home to England and asks his three best friends to come back with him to Australia for the wedding; however, disaster is just around the corner, as his friends are a nightmare to handle; these include sensible Tom, naive Graham, and recently dumped Luke. Mia's parents, Barbara and Jim are very skeptical about this sudden engagement and Jim doesn't like David due to his friends mishaps and disastrous antics which they are only try to give solutions to an abundance of problems they have caused but only seem to exacerbate the situation. Unknowingly these utterly disastrous problems are actually the solution David and Mia need and also, what everybody else needs...
tt0228333
Action,Horror,Sci-Fi
200 years in the future, Mars has been colonized by a high-tech company. Melanie Ballard (Natasha Henstridge) arrives by train to a Mars mining camp which has cut all communication links with the company headquarters. She's not alone, as she is with a group of fellow police officers. They find the mining camp deserted except for a person in the prison, Desolation Williams (Ice Cube), who seems to laugh about them because they are all going to die. They were supposed to take Desolation to headquarters, but decide to explore first to find out what happened. They find a man inside an encapsulated mining car, who tells them not to open it. However, they do and he tries to kill them. One of the cops witnesses strange men with deep scarred and heavily tattooed faces killing the remaining survivors. The cops realise they need to leave the place fast. Desolation explains that the miners opened a kind of Martian construction in the soil which unleashed red dust. Those who breathed that dust became violent psychopaths who started to build weapons and kill the uninfected. They changed genetically, becoming distorted but much stronger. The cops and Desolation leave the prison with difficulty, and devise a plan to kill all the genetically modified ex-miners on the way out. However, the plan goes awry, and only Melanie and Desolation reach headquarters alive. Melanie realises that her bosses won't ever believe her. However, the red dust eventually arrives to headquarters, and Melanie and Desolation need to fight once again.
tt0190641
Animation,Action,Adventure
Pokémon: The First Movie (Pocket Monsters the Movie: Mewtwo's Counterattack) is the first Pokémon anime film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama, the chief director of the Pokémon television series. It is the first theatrical release in the Pokémon franchise. It was released in Japan on July 18, 1998. The English-language adaptation, produced by 4Kids Entertainment and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures (under its Kids' WB banner), was released in North America on November 12, 1999. The film primarily consists of three segments: Pikachu's Vacation, a 21-minute feature focusing on the series mascot Pikachu; Origin of Mewtwo, a 10-minute featurette that functions as a prologue to the main feature; and Mewtwo Strikes Back, the main 75 minute film feature. The North American version omitted Origin of Mewtwo from the package before its U.S. theatrical run due to its dark nature, as the target MPAA rating was G; the first two minutes were restored in the film's release on VHS and DVD as The Story of Mewtwo's Origin. The featurette was eventually dubbed and restored as a special feature in the U.S. release of the direct-to-video follow-up film sequel Pokémon: Mewtwo Returns as The Uncut Story of Mewtwo's Origin. As Pokémon was extremely popular when the film was released, it was a box office success worldwide. The First Movie topped the box office charts in its opening weekend, and eventually grossed US$163.6 million worldwide, despite negative reviews from film critics.
tt0122459
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Bob Rueland (David Duchovny) and his wife Elizabeth (Joely Richardson) are deeply in love. She is a dedicated animal psychologist specializing in great apes, who has for 16 years worked with a gorilla at the Chicago zoo. Bob is a builder, and he is very committed to a project to build a wonderful new gorilla exclosure at the zoo, to his wife's design. Grace Briggs (Minnie Driver) is an orphan who has been brought up by her devoted grandfather Marty O'Reilly (Carroll O'Connor) who is proprietor of an Italian restaurant, the chef being Marty's dear friend Angelo Pardipillo (Robert Loggia). Grace's great friend is Megan Dayton (Bonnie Hunt), married to the chauvisnistic but clumsily chivalrous Joe (James Belushi). Grace has a weak heart, caused by incurable disease, and needs a transplant. One night, after a gala with guest in evening dress, Elizabeth is fatally injured and dies in the hospital. She's a donor and her heart is transplanted into Grace. Bob is devastated and so is Elizabeth's dog Mel, which pines for her in their apartment hallway for months. During this time Grace gradually recovers from surgery with her new heart, and after much thought writes a letter to the donor family of her heart, for forwarding by the donor/transplant agency as the arrangement is anonymous. Grace creates a garden full of varied flowers, in Marty's back hard in the city; and she paints pictures, of the city scene around her but also of scenes of an Italian city, though she has never been abroad. She gets around the city on her bicycle, and often visits Megan. They go with Megan's children to the zoo, and --- mysteriously, because he doesn't do it for anybody else --- the gorilla comes over and gives Grace a "high-five" with his hand on the divider through which visitors look at him. Grace even passes close to Bob in the crowd around the existing gorilla enclosure, and he seems to experience some frisson as though he can feel Elizabeth's heart still beating but now inside Grace. At last, after a year or so, one of Bob's best friends Charlie Johnson (David Alan Grier) persuades him to come out on a foursome date. Charlie is a veterinary expert at the zoo, involved with the care of the gorilla. On top of all his other projects (on which he is always the man in charge of the whole operation), Bob has been working intensively on the new gorilla enclosure and has been seeing a lot of Charlie, who also knew Elizabeth very well but has grown increasingly concerned about Bob's state of mind since her death. The place they pick for the four-way date, about which Bob is still doubtful, is O'Reilly's Italian restaurant. Bob turns up late and is dismayed by the fussy, bossy personality of the woman who is his blind date; however he is rather taken with Grace, who comes to take their order. He even asks her whether they have met somewhere. Bob finally contrives a mobile phone call and claims he must rush back to work on one of his projects which has hit a crisis needing him on site immediately although it's late. Grace gives him a dinner to take away, and he escapes to eat it on his own. He leaves his mobile phone on the counter and only realizes the next day that he has mislaid it. He goes back the next night after hours, and is greeted by Mary, Angelo and their two elderly friends, one of whom is the apple in the eye of O'Reilly's other waitress, the amply proportioned Sophie (Marianne Muellerleile). These four repeatedly debate the relative merits of Sammy Davis, Dean Martin, Bing Crosby and Frank Sinatra, and play cards. Grace has gone to bed and is unaware that Bob has arrived in the now closed restaurant. She goes downstairs in her dressing gown and shower cap, and is horrified to find Bob there seeing her en deshabille. However Bob is undisturbed and, as he helps her cover the flowers in her precious garden against an expected gale, asks her out the next evening. The couple are in love but Grace gets increasingly obsessed with the idea that he must not find out she has had heart surgery. Then, on first being invited back to his apartment, she discovers her own letter "to the donor family" on his deak, and realizes this is the man whose dead wife's heart is now inside her. She goes to pieces, takes the letter, and leaves. Bob goes to see her and she shows him the letter. This time, it is Bob who leaves abruptly. All this time, Grace has had an airline ticket to Italy which Marty got for her. The next time Bob calls, she says she is going away, to Italy, to paint. Bob presents her with a new bright red bicycle, and she takes it to Italy with her. But, sitting in her room or with her easel on a rooftop with her artist's easel in front of her, she thionks only of Bob and can't get anything done. An avuncular Italian waiter comes and offers her refreshment. WHen she declines he offers to listen to her story. Meanwhile Bob is distracted, can't concentrate on his work, and the next thing we see he is on an Italian street. That morning, Grace encounters a trio of nuns who admire her beautiful red bicycle. She offers one a ride on it. Off the nun pedals into the crowd. The scene shifts to Bob, a little way off in the same town, who finds himself looking at random at cyclists as they speed past him. Then a nun comes by, and he thinks he recognizes the bike so he runs after her. We go back to Grace and the other two nuns; when the third returns on the bike, she is riding on the fron and a man is behind her pedalling. It is Bob. Grace is so moved that he flew all the way to Italy to find her. (They have only been separated a few days.) Back in the USA the gorilla enclosure has a grand opening. Then at O'Reilly's there is a wedding: it is Sophie and Wally getting hitched.
tt0271027
Action,Crime,Drama
Liu Siu-jian (Jet Li), a Chinese intelligence agent, is sent to Paris to help apprehend Chinese mob boss Mr. Big (Ric Young), who is involved in heroin smuggling. He meets Inspector Jean-Pierre Richard (Tchéky Karyo), a corrupt and violent French police detective, at a hotel. Richard tricks Liu into believing he is simply providing reconnaissance of a meet involving Mr. Big. The plans are changed when Mr. Big is introduced to two prostitutes, one being Jessica Kamen (Bridget Fonda), an American woman, who takes him to his room to service him. While Liu and the rest were watching through the surveillance camera, Mr. Big kicks everyone out except for the two prostitutes. While a prostitute is on top of Mr. Big, she attempts to murder him. Witnessing the events from a surveillance room, Liu rushes to stop the prostitutes. Richard enters shortly later, only to shoot Mr. Big and the prostitute with Liu's police-issue handgun, framing Liu for the murders. Realizing he has been set up, Liu manages to escape from the hotel with a surveillance tape showing Richard shooting Mr. Big. Chinese liaisons are sent to France after the events to investigate the matter, as Richard makes Liu the primary suspect. However, the liaisons do not believe the story Richard provides. Liu manages to contact one of the liaisons, in an attempt to pass on the tape to reveal the truth. Due to French police surveillance, the meet between the liaison and Liu is spotted, and the liaison is assassinated. During Liu's escape, he loses the tape in the chaos, and is forced to maintain a low profile. As he considers his situation, he meets Jessica, whose daughter was kidnapped by Richard to force her into prostitution. Liu discovers Jessica was the second prostitute at the hotel during the night of Mr. Big's murder. He realizes she can prove his innocence, but she refuses to go without her retrieving her daughter, Isabel. Liu decides the tape would provide the best evidence, and sends Jessica to Richard's office to steal the tape. Jessica manages to get the tape, so Liu and Jessica head to an orphanage where Isabel is kept. However, Richard anticipates this move after discovering Jessica has stolen the tape, and ambushes the couple at the orphanage. During their escape, Jessica is shot in the chest. Liu manages to get her to the hospital in time, and becomes driven to retrieve her daughter. Liu arrives at the police station where Richard is holding Isabel hostage, and fights his way through Richard's henchmen to his office. Once at the office, Liu rescues Isabel, getting shot by Richard in the process. To save Isabel, Liu kills Richard by sticking an acupuncture needle into the back of his neck in a forbidden location known as the "kiss of the dragon," which stimulates all the body's blood to travel to the brain to cause a painful death via a brain aneurysm. Liu survives the gunshot wound, and returns Jessica's daughter back to her mother.
tt0301470
Horror
For thousands of years, the creeper has come back to life every 23 years to feast on humans for 23 days. It is now day 22 and with only two days left of feasting, the creeper must find new victims before his time is up. The bat-like creeper has greater strength with his ability to fly. The story begins with the creeper as a scarecrow in a cornfield waiting to snatch the child of Jack Taggart (Ray Wise) who ends up wanting revenge on the creeper after he flies away with his son. This leads to the 23rd and last day of the creeper. A busload of high school basketball players, cheerleaders, and coaches are returning home after a Championship game on East 9 Highway. The creeper throws a spike made from the body parts of other victims and blows out one of the bus tires. As night falls, the creeper swoops down and takes the coaches away, and then he begins to feast on the terrified teenagers. This is the creeper's last night and he loves the smell of fear on his victims. One girl fights back and puts a javelin stick through the creeper's eye and head, but it doesn't kill him. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) (spoiler alert) The very end, after the sheriff supposedly destroys the Creeper. Then a scene is shown 3 kids visiting a roadside stand advertising the "Bat from Hell" and they're told that the man's dad killed it. They pay their money and see the Creeper mounted on the wall. The Creeper's arm is shown as being sewn back on (he loses it right before he is killed). The sheriff appears as an older man; the kids ask him what he is armed for. He tells them that it's been almost 23 years and he knows that the evil thing will be back to feed again for 23 years. Thus setting us up for Jeepers Creepers 3!! And please remember folks, 23 years isn't a very long time!
tt0119051
Action,Adventure,Drama
Charles Morse (Anthony Hopkins), a billionaire, and two other men, Robert "Bob" Green (Alec Baldwin), a photographer, and Stephen (Harold Perrineau), his assistant, arrive in a remote North America locale via Charles's private jet, along with Charles's much-younger wife, Mickey (Elle MacPherson), a beautiful fashion model. The group is here for a photo shoot and are the only guests at a lodge. Styles (L.Q. Jones), the proprietor, warns everyone that the region is inhabited by bears and not to leave food uncovered. The party also celebrate Charles' birthday, and Mickey gives him an engraved pocket watch. Bob's present is an expensive hunting knife. When Bob's male model gets sick, he invites Charles to fly with him and Stephen to a different location where a characterized Indian is hunting. In mid-air, Charles, suspecting Bob and Mickey are having an affair after he sees Bob kiss Mickey on the cheek, cryptically asks how Bob is planning to kill him. Before the conversation goes any further, the plane suddenly hits a flock of birds and nose-dives into a lake, killing the pilot. Charles, Bob, and Stephen barely escape safely to shore. Lost, wet, and freezing, the men, knowing the plane was off course, attempt to hike to a more likely search area, only to find that a Kodiak Bear is stalking them. They elude it, but later that night, the Bear attacks their camp and kills Stephen. On the run from the Bear, Charles and Bob have little chance of rescue. Though not an outdoorsman, Charles draws upon his encyclopedic survival knowledge to guide them, and the men work together, bonding somewhat. The Bear finds them, and in a struggle on a river bed, Charles impales it with a hand-carved spear, saving Bob's life. The two find an empty hunters' cabin containing some supplies, a rifle, and a canoe. As Charles is about to use the paper receipt from Mickey's birthday gift as tinder to light the stove, he notices on it that she also bought Bob an expensive wristwatch engraved with an intimate inscription. Charles realizes that Bob and Mickey are indeed having an affair and that Bob is going to kill him to obtain his wealth and wife. Bob drinks to prepare himself, causing Charles to lament that Bob is unable to kill him sober. As Bob is about to shoot him, Charles lures Bob into a "deadfall" pit left by hunters. Bob suffers a mortal wound, but rather than leaving him to die, Charles transports him downriver by canoe. They make camp, hoping a search party finds them there. Bob apologizes for betraying Charles and says Mickey was never involved in the murder plot. A rescue helicopter appears and spots them, but Bob dies before it lands. Back at the lodge, Charles hands Bob's watch to Mickey, his expression implying that he knows about her adultery. He then declares to the gathered press that his friends died, "saving my life."
tt0255798
Comedy,Sci-Fi
Marvin Mange (Rob Schneider) is a meek, uncoordinated man who dreams of being a police officer like his dad was. Instead, Marvin just works as a trainee in the evidence room of a small town police station. He tries a few times to pass the physical test to become a full-fledged police officer, but he just can't seem to finish the obstacle course. One day, while left alone at the station, he receives a robbery call. With all of the real policemen out at a softball game, Marvin rushes to the scene himself. Along the way, he swerves to avoid a seal in the road and crashes over a cliff. He is critically injured, but is rescued by Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), a mad scientist who puts Marvin back together using animal parts. Days later, Marvin is returned to his normal life with no memory of what he has just been through. Suddenly, he's full of life. He can out-run horses, mean dogs are now scared of him, and he doesn't need his asthma medicine anymore. He thinks it's due to his late-night TV purchase of "Badger Milk", which is guaranteed in the ads to make him stronger. One day at the park, Marvin meets Rianna (Colleen Haskell) while she's out walking dogs from her animal shelter. His animal-like tendencies are slowly taking him over. When a frisbee is thrown in his direction, he can't control himself, and he jumps to catch it in his mouth. He goes to the airport to talk to his friend, Miles the security guard (Guy Torry), about his problem. While there, Marvin sniffs out a man trying to hide heroin in his rectum. For uncovering a drug smuggler, Marvin is declared a hero and is made a full-fledged police officer. As days go by, Marvin's animal instincts are becoming stronger and stronger. He often wakes up in strange places, and subsequently, hears about animal attacks that occurred in the middle of the night. Because of these attacks, Dr. Wilder believes that Marvin is out of control. The mad scientist confronts him, takes him to his barnyard laboratory, and explains about the grafts and transplants that saved and changed Marvin's life, and gave him remarkable animal powers with certain problematic side effects. Later, at a party thrown by the Mayor, Marvin chases after a cat and destroys everything around him in the pursuit. Marvin is fired on the spot. During his reprimand, he hears something, jumps into the nearby lake and rescues the mayor's son using powers derived from a sea lion and a dolphin. He is swiftly reinstated. Chief Wilson {Edward Asner) questions Marvin about the late-night attacks on farm animals, because one of witnesses made a police sketchand it is identical to Marvin. Rianna goes to Marvin's house, where he has barricaded himself inside. They spend the night together, but Marvin wants to be tied up so he can't hurt anyone anymore. In the morning, he finds himself untied, because Rianna thought he looked uncomfortable. Suddenly, the police show up outside. Another attack had happened that night, and the police have come for Marvin. Rianna convinces him to run. Marvin escapes to the woods, where a huge chase ensues. The police have organized an angry mob into a search party to catch Marvin. While running through the woods, Marvin finds Dr. Wilder. The scientist tells him that there was another "patient" of his that is out of control, and he is in the woods looking for it. Sgt. Sisk (John C. McGinley) confronts Marvin, and is about to shoot him. Suddenly, the other "animal" jumps from a tree and knocks Sisk down. It's Rianna. Now, the crowd wants to kill both Marvin and Rianna. Miles is there also, and he takes the blame for everything. He has been claiming that there is reverse discrimination with him since he's black, and that no one wants to hold him accountable for anything. Sure enough, once the mob thinks a black man was the responsible party, they don't care anymore, and leave, one man (Norm Macdonald) saying "I'm not going to be part of a mob that kills a black man." Marvin and Rianna get married, and have a litter of children that each look like Marvin.
tt0185014
Comedy,Drama
Professor Grady Tripp (Michael Douglas) is a novelist who teaches creative writing at an unnamed Pittsburgh university (the movie was shot chiefly in and around Carnegie Mellon University). He is having an affair with the university chancellor, Sara Gaskell (Frances McDormand), whose husband, Walter, is the chairman of the English department and thus Grady's boss. Grady's third wife, Emily, has just left him, and he has failed to repeat the grand success of his first novel, published years earlier. He continues to labor on a second novel, but the more he tries to finish it the less able he finds himself to invent a satisfactory ending - the book runs to over two and a half thousand pages and is still far from finished. He spends his free time smoking marijuana. His students include James Leer (Tobey Maguire) and Hannah Green (Katie Holmes). Hannah and James are friends and both very good writers. Hannah, who rents a room in Tripp's large house, is attracted to Tripp, but he does not reciprocate. James is enigmatic, quiet, dark and enjoys writing fiction more than he first lets on. During a party at the Gaskells' house, Sara reveals to Grady that she is pregnant with his child. Grady finds James standing outside holding what he claims to be a replica gun, won by his mother at a fairground during her schooldays. However, the gun turns out to be very real, as James shoots the Gaskells' dog when he finds it attacking Grady. James also steals a very valuable piece of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia from the house. Grady is unable to tell Sara of this incident as she is pressuring him to choose between her and Emily. As a result, Grady is forced to keep the dead dog in the trunk of his car for most of the weekend. He also allows James to follow him around, fearing that he may be depressed or even suicidal. Gradually he realizes that much of what James tells him about himself and his life is untrue, and is seemingly designed to elicit Grady's sympathy. Meanwhile, Grady's editor, Terry Crabtree (Robert Downey Jr.), has flown into town on the pretense of attending the university's annual WordFest, a literary event for aspiring authors. In reality, Crabtree is there to see if Tripp has written anything worth publishing, as both men's careers depend on Grady's upcoming book. Terry arrives with a transvestite whom he met on the flight, called Antonia Sloviak (Michael Cavadias). The pair apparently become intimate in a bedroom at the Gaskells' party, but immediately afterwards Terry meets, and becomes infatuated with, James Leer, and Sloviak is unceremoniously sent home. After a night on the town, Crabtree and James semi-consciously flirt throughout the night, which eventually leads up to the two end up spending an awkwardly intimate night together in one of Grady's spare rooms. Tired and confused, Grady phones Walter Gaskell (Richard Thomas) and reveals to him that he is in love with Walter's wife. Meanwhile, Walter has also made the connection between the disappearance of Marilyn Monroe's jacket and James Leer. The following morning the Pittsburgh Police arrive with Sara to escort James to the Chancellor's office to discuss the ramifications of his actions. The jacket is still in Grady's car, which has conspicuously gone missing. This car had been given to him by a friend as payment for a loan, and over the weekend Grady has come to suspect that the car was stolen. Over the course of his travel around town, Grady has been repeatedly accosted by a man claiming to be the car's real owner. He eventually tracks the car down, but in a dispute over its ownership the majority of his manuscript blows out of the car and is lost. The car's owner gives him a ride to the university with his wife, Oola, in the passenger seat, wearing the stolen jacket. Remembering James Leer's distress at how lonely the jacket looked in its own special closet, Grady finally sees that making things right involves having to make difficult choices. Grady tells Oola the story behind the jacket and allows her to leave with it. Worried that Grady's choice comes at the expense of damaging James Leer's future, Crabtree convinces Walter not to press charges by agreeing to publish his book, "a critical exploration of the union of Joe DiMaggio and Marilyn Monroe and its function in American mythopoetics", tentatively titled The Last American Marriage. The film ends with Grady recounting the eventual fate of the main characters - Hannah graduates and becomes a magazine editor; James wasn't expelled, but drops out anyway and moves to New York with Crabtree to rework his novel for publication; and Crabtree himself "goes right on being Crabtree." Grady finishes typing his new novel (now using a computer rather than a typewriter), then watches Sara and their child arriving home before turning back to the computer and clicking "Save."
tt0265459
Drama,Thriller
Seymour "Sy" Parrish (Robin Williams), a mini-lab photo technician at SavMart's one-hour photo developing clinic in suburban Los Angeles, leads a depressing, solitary life outside of the "heaven-like", hyperreality atmosphere of the department store. Every day he labors to ensure his customers get the best quality photos possible; his life is truly his work, as he has no one and nothing to go home to at the end of each day. As each workday comes to an end, Sy falls into the inescapable routine of spending his evenings sitting alone in his barren living room, watching television. The only thing in Sy's immaculate apartment he has for companionship is a hamster, caged in his bedroom. He is an extremely organized, tidy, and meticulous type of person who wears all beige attire. Feeling out of place in a world where nobody seems to understand the precious gift of friends and family, Sy tends to immerse himself in his own fantasies to escape the pain of his existence. His favorite customers are the Yorkin family, made up of husband Will (Michael Vartan), wife Nina (Connie Nielsen), and their son, Jake (Dylan Smith). He has done their photos for years and, over time, has developed an obsession with the family; he idolizes their happiness and affluence, memorizes every personal detail about them that he can learn, and finally begins to stalk them. Sy secretly makes his own copies of the Yorkins' photos from the film negatives and then puts them on a wall in his apartment, a massive collage which has accumulated to over 600 in count. Most of all, he fantasizes about being a member of their family and sharing in the love he assumes they must feel. However, he is painfully shy and his awkward attempts to become closer to the family are gently rebuffed. Sy eventually manages to spark a connection to Nina when he pretends to have interest in a novel he noticed she had been reading on a particular day in the store. For the first time, Nina asks Sy personal questions about his life, realizing that he is indeed a lonely man, something only Jake had empathetically noticed earlier. This connection is short-lived, however, as Sy's boss, Mr. Owens, fires him the next day for stealing prints. While inspecting his photos for the last time, Sy discovers that Will is having an affair and his idyllic conception of the Yorkins as the 'perfect' family is shattered. He comes to hate and envy Will, who has everything Sy longs for, yet doesn't seem to care. After losing his job, Sy stalks and takes pictures of Owens' young daughter, leading to a police investigation against him. While detectives Van Der Zee and Outerbridge (Eriq La Salle and Clark Gregg) are discovering Sy's obsession, Sy confronts Will and his mistress, Maya (Erin Daniels), during a rendezvous in their hotel room. With a knife and a camera, Sy forces the lovers to pose naked while he takes pictures. Throughout the ordeal, Maya panics and Sy reacts aggressively, but does not harm either of them. After the confrontation, as Sy just sits on the bed in his hotel room, he discovers that the police have arrived in the hotel and tries to escape. The alarm sounds and Van Der Zee pursues him while Outerbridge discovers Will Yorkin and his mistress, unharmed but traumatized. After a chase, the police finally apprehend Sy in the parking garage as he attempts to make a break for his car. Upon being arrested. Sy claims, "I just took pictures". The final scene is set in a police interrogation room where Van Der Zee asks Sy why he terrorized the Yorkins, to which Sy indirectly reveals that his father had made him do "sick, disgusting things that no kid should ever have to do". The implication, confirmed by Romanek, is that Sy's father exploited him for child pornography. Romanek has also confirmed that Sy had used the camera as a means of both punishing Will and confronting his past, as his father used to tell him "it's all just pretend" while abusing him. Sy cannot understand why Will, as the perfect father, was determined to destroy his family, and thus permanently ended the fantasy he has held for nearly 10 years. As the detective comes to understand him and prepares to take his confession, Sy asks for the pictures he made at the hotel, which the detective has described as "evidence". They appear to be only shots of household objects and interior furnishings he took after the incident in the hotel. This implies that Sy never took any pictures of Will and Maya, but only pretended to. However, in the earlier Director's cut version, we see additional deleted scenes in which the police analyze the actual crime scene photos that Sy had taken of Will and Maya. The film closes with a picture of the Yorkin family with Sy. Romanek claims in the DVD commentary that the picture is intended to symbolize an open ending; it is left up to the viewer to decide whether the picture only exists in Sy's mind or if he ever sees the Yorkin family again.
tt0120399
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Bobby (Sean Penn) is a young drifter driving cross-country in a Ford convertable. He has his left hand bandaged and he is transporting a gym bag full of cash to Los Angeles which he owes. After the opening credits, his car breaks down when the radiator hose bursts. He drives to the outskirts of the nearist town which is Superior, Arizona. He leaves his car with the local simpleton and grease monkey mechanic Darrell (Billy Bob Thornton). Darrell tells Bobby about the broken radiator line and tells him that it will take about three or four hours to fix. Bobby takes the gym bag with the money in it, but leaves a pistol in the car trunk. While wandering around the small town, Bobby meets Grace (Jennifer Lopez) a young, attractive Latina woman coming out of a local hardware store after purchasing drapes. Bobby immediately hits on her and offers to help her carry her drapes to her parked car. They introduce themselves to each other and he tells her about waiting for his car to be fixed. When Grace asks about his bandaged hand, he tells her that he recently had an accident. She offers to take him back to her house where he can have a shower to clean up. While in the shower, it is revealed that the "accident" that happened to his hand was in fact a punishment for the overdue debt - two of his fingers were cut off. After his shower he attempts to seduce Grace, who is cold to his advances. He goes to leave, saying he isn't interested in playing games. The two then kiss, where they are caught by Grace's older husband Jake McKenna (Nick Nolte). Bobby, saying he didn't know she was married, tries to leave but Jake punches him in the face. As Bobby is walking back to town, Jake pulls up beside him and offers him a lift. After a casual conversation about Grace, Jake asks Bobby if he would kill her for a price claiming that he is sick of her games. Bobby laughs this off and asks Jake if he's just trying to "rattle" him. A little later, while Bobby is in a convenience store, the store is held up by two teenage thugs. The robbers take his bag with all his money in it but the shop owner takes out a shotgun and kills them both, unfortunately destroying most of the money in the process which takes a blast from the shotgun. Broke and without the means to even leave the town as he cannot pay the mechanic, Bobby frantically calls nearly everyone he knows trying to get money to fix his car. He even calls the gangster he owes money to asking him for money but the gangster angrily refuses. The gangster now knows where Bobby is and sends someone after him. When Bobby is sitting in a bar drinking a beer, he is approached by Jenny (Claire Danes) a troubled and abused teenage girl who flirts with him. Just then, Toby N. Tucker (Joaquin Phoenix) enters. He is Jenny's aggressive and very possessive boyfriend and a local hoodlum who has nicknamed himself T.N.T. who attempts to provoke a fight with Bobby over Jenny's affections. The fight is stopped in time by the town sheriff Virgil Potter (Powers Boothe). Sheriff Potter is stern to T.N.T. who tells him to stay out of trouble, but he is very unfriendly towards Bobby whom he sees as a stranger in town and the sheriff does not like outsiders. After Bobby truthfully explains about why he is in town, Sheriff Potter orders him to be gone as soon as his car is fixed. Bobby goes back to the mechanic, where he finds that Darrell has done additional work and is asking a higher price. He also busted open the trunk of the car and has taken Bobby's gun. A confrontation breaks out which results in Darrell scratching up the hood of Bobby's car. Darrell says that he will continue working on the car and charging more and more for the work until Bobby has the means to pay him. Darrell refuses to take any payment other then cash. Wondering what to do for money, Bobby remembers the offer Jake made to him earlier in the car. He approaches Jake about the deal, who initially passes the comment off as a joke. Bobby says that he could tell Jake was serious about the offer and that he is serious about taking him up on it. Jake tells him that he would need to take Grace out of town and push her off a cliff in order to make the murder look like a suicide. A dream sequence shows that Bobby couldn't go through with it and ends up having sex with her instead as it cuts back into the real world. Grace cuts the sex short however just before he comes, leading Bobby to call her the "Queen of hot-and-cold". Grace reveals that she is not just Jake's wife; she is also his illegitimate child. Jake sexually abused her from a young age and then married her after her mother died. Her mother was found dead at the bottom of a cliff but her death was ruled a suicide. Grace doesn't believe she killed herself. Her death is eerily similar to how Jake told Bobby to kill Grace. Grace then asks Bobby if he would kill Jake, meaning the two of them could steal his money which Grace would not have access to otherwise. Bobby initially refuses, clearly not trusting Grace. Still broke and aware that the gangsters will send someone to find him, Bobby attempts to buy a ticket out of town in order to escape. Although he doesn't have enough money, the clerk gives him the ticket anyway after he becomes aggressive and hostile. After buying the ticket he sees one of the gangsters driving towards him. However, the Sheriff stops the gangster and arrests him for speeding. Thinking he is safe, Bobby is then attacked by T.N.T. who has been attempting to fight him for most of the film. TNT takes Bobby's ticket, rips it up and eats it, causing Bobby to lose his temper and badly beats him up. Just then, Jenny appears and yells at Bobby to stop beating up her boyfriend (!) Bobby reacts with disbelief as Jenny (having just been beaten and punched in the face by T.N.T. minutes earlier), is now comforting him. Bobby angrily storms out of the bus station, seeing how crazy not only Jenny is, but the entire town is. Knowing he is out of options, Bobby phones Grace and agrees with her plan to kill Jake for his money. She instructs him to come on over to the house after dark for the deed to be done. That evening after the sun sets, Bobby breaks into Jake's house while Jake is having sex with Grace, but Bobby accidentally makes a noise. Jake goes downstairs to investigate and finds Bobby, who then tells Jake that killing him was Grace's idea and that he'll kill Grace for just enough money to pay for a car. Grace overhears this and attacks Bobby when he walks into the room. However, she is really waiting for Jake to return so that she can kill him. After killing Jake, Bobby and Grace unlock his safe to find $200,000 in cash. They then have sex in front of his dead body. The next morning, Bobby goes to Darrell to pay him and finally gets his car back. When Bobby returns to the house, Grace's car is gone. Bobby thinks she has run off with the all the money but she shows up at the front door. As they drive off and out of town in Bobby's car, however, they are pulled over by Sheriff Potter. Here we find out that Grace has also been sleeping with him. Grace appears to turn on Bobby, blaming him for Jake's death and telling the sheriff that Bobby just killed her husband. However, just as Sheriff Potter places Bobby under arrest, she pulls out her gun and shoots the sheriff dead. Bobby helps Grace put the sheriff in the car trunk with Jake. As Bobby and Grace are dumping the two bodies off a cliff, Bobby elbows Grace in the nose and takes her gun, telling her that he does not trust her and that when they reach California they will split the money and go their separate ways. Grace says that when she blamed Jake's death on Bobby, she was merely baiting the Sheriff so she could kill him, much like Bobby baited Jake when he said he would kill Grace. The implication seems to be that Bobby would have killed Grace rather than Jake if he'd had to. As they are talking, Grace suddenly pushes Bobby over the cliff, not killing him but severely injuring him. Grace smirks and tells Bobby laying at the bottom of the 60-foot cliff that his suspicions about her were correct; she really is too greedy to split the money in any way, and she used him so she could steal all of Jake's money for herself. She also tells Bobby that SHE was the one who killed her mother by pushing her off the very same cliff, for reasons not made clear. As Grace gets back in the car to drive off, she realizes that Bobby has taken the keys. Bobby pleads with her to come down and help him. She does so, knowing she needs the keys. When she gets close enough however, he strangles her to death with his bare hands. Grace manages to shoot Bobby with her gun before she expires, but it is a non-fatal wound to his right hip. Bobby then makes the grueling journey back up the cliff with a broken leg, a broken arm, his gunshot wound and several other serious and superficial injuries. Relieved that he is finally back in his car (and with all the money), he starts the car to drive off, only for the radiator hose to burst again like it did in the opening scene. Bobby sits back and laughs insanely of his continuing bad luck as he looks up at the bright blue sky... aware that he will now die in the desert heat without anyone to help him now.
tt0316465
Biography,Drama,Sport
Radio is a good human-interest story that was inspired by events in 1976 in Anderson, South Carolina. Cuba Gooding, Jr., who plays the mentally challenged Radio, does such a good acting job, you will believe he is the real Radio. His real name is James Robert Kennedy, and he was nicknamed Radio, because of his radio collection and listening to the radio all the time. Radio spends his days in this small town pushing or riding a grocery cart down the street, talking to no one. After some football players harass Radio, the football coach Harold Jones played by Ed Harris takes Radio under his wing. Radio begins to help out at football practice and sits on the bench at games. In time, Radio begins to trust the coach. However, some people in town think Radio is a distraction to the team, and they want Radio to go. By this time the coach and the team are all friends to Radio and they want him to stay. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0191754
Comedy,Drama
28 days was one of those movies you can tell the writer (Susannah Grant) knows the subject material, maybe even up close and personal. Director (Betty Thomas) did a wonderful job of giving Gwen's (Sandra Bullock) flashbacks that fuzzy look and sound where she isn't sure if they dreamed what happened or if it really did happen.
tt0239948
Comedy,Crime,Romance
Neil Diamond is the man of this film and is what brings the group of friends together, Darren Silverman (Jason Biggs), Wayne Lefessier (Steve Zahn) and J.D McNugget (Jack Black). When the group have just finished performing a song from their Neil Diamond tribute band they go to a bar to relax. A woman walks in and Wayne and J.D persuade Darren to go try and talk to her. He goes after a little more persuasion (lying) from Wayne who says she 'wants him'. She quickly denies him and he accidently leaves his bottle of beer on the table. Another, more repulsive, man comes over to try and hit on her and Darren comes back for his beer where the woman sits him down and pretends he is her boyfriend just to get rid of the other man. They spend the night talking and eventually end up in a realtionship. However, Darren's realtionship with Judith (Amanda Peet) means he spends no time at all now with his two best friends. Darren tries to get Judith and his friends to become aquainted and perhaps even become friends but this plan is a disaster and leaves Wayne and J.D with no Darren. They come up with several different ideas to try and get Darren back including 'cheating' photographs and breaking and entering. All of these plans are foiled but there is one plan that they hope will work. In high school Darren was in love with another girl, Sandy Perkus (Amanda Detmer) and she is back in town so the two guys try to persuade her and Darren to get back together. Then they kidnap Judith and tell Darren she is dead so that he will get back together with Sandy and they can all be friends again. But Judith knows it is Wayne and J.D that have kidnapped her so she eventually figures out a way to get out and when she does she sees that Sandy and Darren are back together but Darren had promised Judith they would get married so they still carry on with the wedding after Sandy runs away to finish becoming a nun. Wayne and J.D are put in jail for kidnapping but are then broken out by their former gym teacher, they then go and stop Sandy from becoming a nun and tell her Darren still loves her, then they kidnap Neil Diamond in the assumption that he will help get them back together and then they go to the wedding. Neil Diamond plays for them and Darren realises the error of his ways and goes back to Sandy. Judith, heartbroken, then turns and goes with Wayne, and J.D and the coach admit that they are gay and they go together. On stage that night Neil Diamond weds Darren and Sandy, Wayne and Judith, and J.D and the coach. The film ends on a humourosly happy ending.
tt0165982
Animation,Adventure,Family
Sinbad, Legend of the Seven Seas (This film is an animation, therefore the voice actors are named) Eris (1), Goddess of Discord (Michelle Pfeiffer), wishes to ruin the Twelve Cites, currently protected by the magical powers of the Book of Peace. The Book is being transported by ship to a new home, a tower in Syracuse, by Prince Proteus (2) (Joseph Fiennes) of Syracuse, only son of King Dymas (Timothy West): however he is followed and attacked by his childhood friend Sinbad (Brad Pitt) and his crew, which includes his lieutenant Kale (Dennis Haysbert), look-out Rat (Adriano Giannini), oriental twins Jin (Raman Hui) and Li (Chung Chan), and elderly Jed (Conrad Vernon) who wish to seize the Book for ransom. Eris sends a kraken-like sea-monster, Cetus (3), to attack both ships: this is defeated by Proteus and Sinbad, but Sinbad, washed overboard as the monster sinks, is met by Eris, who tries to persuade him to steal the Book for her and bring it to her realm of Tartarus (4), for a far greater reward: a tale laughed at by his crew when Sinbad tries to tell them. Proteus brings the Book safely to Syracuse. At the celebratory feast, which Sinbad and his crew gatecrash, Sinbad is confronted with Marina (Catherine Zeta-Jones), Proteus' fiancée, and his own secret love: he leaves abruptly. Eris breaks into the Book's tower, and, assuming the form of Sinbad, overpowers the guard (Chris Miller) and steals it, leaving Sinbad's knife behind. Immediate decay and disaster overwhelms Syracuse: Sinbad, arrested, is tried and condemned to death for stealing the Book, despite his tale about Eris. Proteus, however, believes Sinbad, and offers himself in Sinbad's place as a condemned prisoner so that Sinbad can rescue the book - for which he has just ten days. Sinbad, back on his ship (the Chimera (5)), has however no thought except to retire to Fiji: he knows Dymas will not allow Proteus to be executed (although when Dymas later engineers Proteus' escape, Proteus refuses). Marina however bribes her way on board ship and then bribes Sinbad with a bagful of jewels to make the journey to Tartarus - although she is not very happy when told she'll be bunking up with Sinbad's drooling dog, Spike. The first danger of the journey is the savage rocks and passage of the Dragons' Teeth, to which Eris adds a special touch; mer-music, from malicious mermaid-like water-spirits, sirens (6), whose singing entrances the male crew and tries to persuade them to cast themselves overboard. Marina, unaffected, is left to steer the ship through the hazardous rocks whilst also trying to save the crew; with Spike's help she manages this, but at some damage to the ship, about which Sinbad is annoyed. To repair the damage, the ship stops at a wooded isle, where the tension between Sinbad and Martina results in a mud-slinging match: this awakens the isle, which is really a giant fish. Everyone hurries back on board ship, and Sinbad manages to attach a harpoon and rope to the fish so that they are rapidly towed in its wake towards Tartarus. One very bumpy night afterwards, when everyone is feeling sick, Sinbad releases the rope: they have now appeared at the Granite Gates, a huge ruin of monoliths. Sinbad tells Marina how he and Proteus met as children, but evades the question of why they parted. Eris once again intervenes, freezing the entire area so that Sinbad's ship is trapped in ice, and releasing a white Roc (7) to harry the crew: this carries off Martina to the top of the ruins, and Sinbad has to climb to rescue her, which they do by sliding down the mountain on his shield like a snow-board. The collapsing Gates kill the Roc, smash the ice and free the ship: Sinbad now reveals his love for Marina. Approaching the gates of Tartarus, Rat sees that these lie beyond the edge of the world, a huge waterfall: Sinbad re-rigs the ships sails to fly it in the up-draught beyond the falls so that he and Martina can swing on a rope through the gates into Tartarus. In Tartarus, Eris meets them and her full plan, not only to steal the Book but to engineer Proteus' execution, thus causing widespread chaos, is revealed. She offers Sinbad a deal, to which she binds herself: he can have the Book if he answers, truthfully, what he will do if he does not get it - will he take Marina to Fiji, or will he go back to Syracuse to face execution? He answers the latter, but Eris decides he is lying, and throws both him and Martina out of Tartarus without the Book. Marina, in love with Sinbad, tries to persuade him to run away. Back at Syracuse, the ten days are up, and Proteus is about to be executed when Sinbad returns and takes his place. Since he can now be seen not to have lied, Eris, enraged, is bound to return the Book to him - which she does, and Syracuse is restored. Proteus realizes he has lost Martina to Sinbad, and she joins him on his ship, to search for new adventures. On the DVD there is an additional post-tale episode with Sinbad and Martina on the isle of Krakatoa, inhabited by numerous blue furry Cyclops: there is a battle between these and the crew, but then Sinbad accidentally triggers a volcanic eruption, and the island sinks. Notes: (1) Mythically, Eris is indeed the Greek goddess of discord (2) Mythically, Proteus was a Greek sea-god capable of changing his form (3) Mythically, Cetus is the sea-monster usually associated with Andromeda, daughter of Cassiopeia, rescued by Perseus: it is an associated constellation (sometimes called the Whale) in the northern sky. (4) Mythically, Tartarus is the hellish part of the Greco-Roman Underworld, in which the Gods imprisoned the Titans, and where those who offended the Gods, such as Ixion, Tantalus and Sisyphus, undergo eternal punishment. (5) Mythically, the Chimera was a creature part-lion, part-goat, and part-serpent, killed by Bellerophon (6) Mythically, the Sirens were between two and five monsters, part women and part bird, who lured sailors to their death by their singing. (7) The roc or rukh is a giant bird in Persian mythology, probably inspired in part by the eggs or even sightings of Aepyornis maximus, the elephant bird, a now-extinct three-metre-tall flightless bird of Madagascar, for which there were reported sightings at least in folklore memory recorded in 1658. The eggs were known at least as early as 1420, according to a caption in the 1456 Fra Mauro map: Marco Polo also gave an account of the rukh in 1298.
tt0202677
Action,Crime,Drama
Parker (Ryan Phillippe) and Longbaugh (Benicio del Toro) are two born troublemakers who travel anywhere they can to find or steal money any way they can. While at a sperm donation facility, they overhear a telephone conversation detailing a $1,000,000 payment to a surrogate mother for bearing the unborn baby of Hal Chidduck (Scott Wilson). Parker and Longbaugh resolve to kidnap the pregnant surrogate, Robin (Juliette Lewis). At the pregnancy clinic the kidnapping of the surrogate mother escalates into a shootout with her bodyguards, Jeffers (Taye Diggs) and Obecks (Nicky Katt), as Parker and Longbaugh leave with her. After the shootout in which two other guards and bystanders are killed, they escape with Robin and elude Jeffers and Obecks, who are arrested. As the fugitives head South, Jeffers and Obecks are bailed out and returned to Chidduck by Joe Sarno (James Caan), a seasoned operative and close friend of Chidduck. As Sarno begins coordinating the rescue of Robin, Longbaugh contacts Robin's gynecologist, Dr. Allen Painter (Dylan Kussman) and orders him to a truck stop to examine Robin. After the examination, Painter returns to Chidduck, and it is revealed that Dr. Painter is Chidduck's son. Longbaugh calls and demands a $15 million ransom for the safe return of Robin and the baby. Jeffers and Obecks, tempted by the money, begin forming a plan to save the child, keep the $15 million for themselves, and kill everyone under the guise of paying off the kidnappers. As Longbaugh hangs up the telephone outside a Mexican motel, he is approached by Sarno, who offers to pay $1 million if they surrender the pregnant Robin and simply walk away. Sarno reveals to Longbaugh that his daughter has something in the works, promising to take care of the old man. Longbaugh declines the offer and returns to his hotel room where Parker and Robin play cards. Sarno then returns to Chidduck's home to relay the events and plan the next step. Jeffers and Obecks realize that Sarno is a wild card in this affair, and Jeffers comes to realize that Robin is Sarno's daughter. Jeffers, Obecks and Painter leave to meet with the kidnappers, while Sarno departs separately with the $15 million ransom. At the motel, Parker is having second thoughts on the kidnapping, he confers with Longbaugh outside the motel room which gives Robin an opportunity to seize a shotgun and barricade herself in the motel room after almost shooting Parker. As sirens are heard in the distance, Parker and Longbaugh hastily escape, and Robin emerges into the parking lot just as Mexican police officers arrive, followed by Jeffers, Obecks and Painter in another car. As Painter and the bodyguards try to persuade Robin to leave with them, the officers pull their guns and order everybody on the ground. Suddenly, Parker and Longbaugh open fire from a nearby hilltop, igniting a fierce firefight that kills the two officers before Jeffers shoves Painter and Robin into his car and drives off, leaving the dead officers and a wounded Obecks in the motel parking lot. Parker and Longbaugh torture the wounded Obecks to gain Robin's location, while Jeffers confines Robin in the room of a secluded Mexican brothel and forces Painter to perform a cesarian section on her to retrieve the baby, despite Robin's confession that the child was conceived between her and Painter and is not Chidduck's. During the operation, the heavily-armed Parker and Longbaugh infiltrate the brothel and search for Robin. The ensuing ambush, that leaves Parker wounded, turns into another standoff with Jeffers threatening to kill Painter and the baby before Painter kills Jeffers with a hidden gun. Outside the brothel, Sarno arrives with a group of bag men and the $15 million ransom, which they stack in the courtyard. Parker wants to kidnap Robin and Painter again, to which Longbaugh, guilt ridden after seeing her condition, says "She's had enough". Despite realizing that the $15 million is bait, Parker and Longbaugh charge headlong into an ambush. All of Sarno's men are killed in the ensuing gunfight. However, Sarno manages to shoot and cripple the already wounded Parker and Longbaugh, and then calls for an ambulance. As a child's cries break the silence, Painter emerges with Robin, newborn baby in her arms. Lying in a pool of blood, Parker and Longbaugh call out to Sarno, informing him that the baby is in fact Robin and Painter's, and thus Sarno's own grandson. Painter wonders aloud if this fact will influence Sarno to let them keep the child. Robin and her baby are then taken away in the ambulance with Painter, Sarno and the $15 million, leaving Parker and Longbaugh to bleed out. Miles away and days later, Chidduck's wife reveals that she's pregnant (possibly from Jeffers, with whom she was having an affair).
tt0240468
Action,Comedy
The movie is a parody of classic kung fu movies and features footage from the 1975 film Hu hao shuang xing (1976). Most of the footage in the film is recycled with current actors superimposed into some of the scenes. A family eats dinner together one night in their hut somewhere in rural China (father is Ming Lo, mother is Peggy Lu). Their meal is interrupted by a mysterious man who swiftly kills all but an infant lying in a crib. When the baby (Alejandro Olazabal) is confirmed to be the 'Chosen One' the attacker, Master Pain (Leo Lee), tries to kill him. However, the baby fights back with surprising speed, strength, and agility, resulting in a comical fight scene. Tired of running after and looking for the baby, Master Pain sets fire to the hut and leaves. The baby, however, breaks out of the hut and cries over the loss of his family before tumbling over the side of a steep hill. He lands at the feet of a passing peasant woman (Tori Tran) who picks him up and holds him tenderly, commenting how cute he is, before tossing him over the other side of the road where he continues to tumble downhill. The film's narrator explains how the Chosen One (Steve Oedekerk) eventually grew up in the wilderness, living with various creatures and fighting his way across the countryside. Accompanied by his pet dog, Chosen walked and sometimes drove in search of the man who killed his family, often meeting fierce foes with whom he must do battle with. The fights do nothing but prove his mastery and increase his skills, some of which are physically impossible. He makes his way to a settlement where he meets the ill and slightly deranged Sifu named Master Tang (Hui Lou Chen). Chosen proves his identity to Tang by opening his mouth and revealing a separate being; a smiley face aptly named Tonguey. Master Tang explains that he was once told by his flatulent master that there would be a Chosen One and that his appearance would be of great significance. He agrees to continue Chosen's training much to the displeasure of student Wimp Lo (Chia Yung Liu) who was trained wrong on purpose and as a joke. His shoes squeak as he walks, matching his whiny voice. Chosen also meets the beautiful Ling (Ling-Ling Hsieh) who displays shyness at first but quickly warms up to him. She also displays a verbal twitch and constantly cries out "wee-ooh" when speaking. Jealous of Chosen's natural and supernatural abilities, Wimp Lo challenges him to a fight but seems to be under the impression that the more he gets beat up, the better he is at fighting. Ling attempts to stop the fight, crying out that a child could defeat Wimp Lo, before a messenger runs into the fighting arena and announces that Master Pain has been seen entering town. Recognizing the man as the one who killed his family, Chosen goes into town in disguise to meet him. There, he witnesses Master Pain's amazing skills as he showcases his resistance to pain, undergoing a brutal beating without flinching, even in the most sensitive of areas. Master Pain earns the support of the town's mayor and announces that he is to be henceforth known as 'Betty'. Eager to see if he possesses the same skills as Betty, Chosen employs a group of men to beat him up, until he tells them to stop. However, the pain is evident and Chosen is knocked unconscious. When he wakes up, he's approached by a caped woman with one large breast who introduces herself as Whoa (Jennifer Tung). They briefly skirmish and she tells him that he possesses the supreme gift that will allow him to defeat Betty. However, she warns him that now is not the time to fight him and that Chosen must avoid the meadow where Betty keeps his sacred guardian, Moo Nieu. She then flies into a tree, gets stuck a moment, and disappears. Chosen sits down and suddenly recalls that Whoa wore a brooch similar to the one his mother used to wear. The following day Chosen decides to set forth and fight Betty despite Whoa's warning. He asks Ling to tell him where Betty is but she refuses at first and requests that Chosen stay and live with her. Chosen becomes angry and implores Ling to reconsider; blaming the curlicues in her hair for temporarily distracting him. She finally tells him where Betty was last seen and bursts into tears. Chosen rolls his eyes and heads out, crossing through the very meadow Whoa warned him against and coming face to face with Betty's guardian; a Holstein cow. The cow rears up on its hind legs and fiercely attacks Chosen, using her udder to squirt bullets of milk in a scene parodying The Matrix (1999). Chosen is finally able to gain the upper hand by grasping the cow's udder and milking her until she is completely empty, her body thin and withered, leaving her incapacitated. Chosen leaves the meadow the victor and continues until he reaches the top of a waterfall where Betty is swinging a chain. Chosen calls out to him, vowing vengeance for his family's death, but is stopped by a man who reveals himself to be Ling's father (Chi Ma), uttering the familiar "wee-ooh". Betty attacks both men using his dreaded iron claw, injuring Chosen and mortally wounding Ling's father. Chosen and Ling's father are sent over the edge of the rocky waterfall followed closely by a whale. They both survive the fall and Chosen helps Ling's father back into town. They meet Master Tang who immediately recognizes Ling's father as his old mentor, Master Doe. Master Doe is placed on bed rest and warns Tang that Chosen must not be discouraged by his defeat that day and should continue his training, for if Betty garners the help of the Evil Council he will be unstoppable. Despite using Neosporin and odd massaging methods, Tang is unable to save Master Doe and he dies that night. Ling is upset over the loss of her father and is comforted by Chosen. She gives him mixed signals about whether her grief can be quelled by romance but finally decides that she doesn't want Chosen to think she's a slut and gives him a hug instead. Master Tang confronts Betty the next day in town and declares that he will fight him for Chosen's honor. Betty prepares for the fight by getting one of his henchmen to play 'Baby Got Back' on his jukebox. However, Tang's constant coughing renders him unable to continue the fight and he further infuriates Betty by calling him Sally. That night, Chosen walks alone into a field and consults the starry skies for help. His prayers are answered by the image of a large lion in the clouds named Mu Shu Fasa (Mu Shu Fasa) (in obvious parody to The Lion King (1994)). Mu Shu advises Chosen that he must find his place in the great circle of stuff and tells him to continue his training. He speaks in further riddles and tells Chosen that the answers he seeks will be in the stars above before disappearing into the night, reciting, "this is CNN". The following morning Master Tang goes out into the nearby fields for a walk, singing about animal sounds. He is momentarily suspicious when bird calls erupt from the field, including one from Betty hiding in the tall grass saying, "I'm just a birdie too". Betty then ferociously attacks Tang with his iron claw. Meanwhile, Ling leaves the safety of the town in search of Chosen, followed closely by Betty's men. She comes to a courtyard where she discovers two ventriloquists who have been hung by their feet before she is grabbed by Betty's men and brought to him. He demands to know where Chosen is but she refuses to tell him and escapes. Wimp Lo attempts to act the hero and runs off, pursued closely by Betty and his men. However, his 'plan' is short lived and he's quickly subdued by Betty's claw, his squeaky shoes deflating as he collapses. Ling runs out to the fields where she sees Chosen in the distance. She calls to him and he begins to run to her, though he does not seem to make any headway. Before he can reach her, a net the size of his head is thrown onto him and he collapses to the ground. A short intermission ensues where the characters each advertise various theater treats as light music plays in the background. Back to Chosen, he struggles against the confines of the tiny net and forces himself to reverse time and the capture method. He runs backwards, freed, and stumbles across the body of Wimp Lo in the reeds. He hears moaning and, in sequence, comes across Tang, Ling, and his dog all wounded by Betty's attacks. However, despite appearing to die each time he comes to them, they all miraculously recover. Thinking that Wimp Lo has perhaps done the same, Chosen returns to him only to find (off screen) a fly-ridden corpse. He vows to find a way to reverse the bad and wrong that Betty has wrought, dubbing the term 'badong' and claims that he will stand up for the opposite of such tyranny; 'gnodab'. He sets up training dummies in a courtyard and attempts to remove from each dummy two metal, triangular spikes on their chests, identical to the ones Betty has on his person; the source of his power. However, each attempt is met with failure as the spikes are too smooth to pull. Chosen becomes overly distraught and frustrated. That night, Ling tries to help him. He holds out his hands, bloodied by the spike points, and watches as she pours first salt, then lemon juice, then pure liquid mercury out of a thermometer into his hands. She tells him to rub his hands in her hair, humming strangely, and then sets his hands on fire. This technique somehow allows Chosen to get a firm grip on the spikes and pull them out of the dummies. He thanks Ling, admitting that he first thought she was nothing but a psycho bitch. Meanwhile, Betty rests in the mayor's office, showing off his magician skills by changing the mayor's clothing color and laughing about Chosen's apparent demise. However, a messenger comes and tells him that Chosen is still alive. Betty is then summoned by the Evil Council and goes to their lair to seek advice, speaking to them in a large, echoing room. Though the council's speech is indecipherable, Betty is pleased to hear that they will help him defeat Chosen. The next day Chosen contemplates the best way to attack Betty and gain enough time to remove the spikes simultaneously, despite Ling's constant assurance that he's ready to defeat him. Each attack gone over in his head leaves him vulnerable to a counterattack, but he has an idea. He goes to a store and purchases a pound of nuts from the shouting vendor who then calls someone on his cell phone, telling them about Chosen's departure. Chosen walks to a tree and uses a nut to beckon a squirrel. Chosen goes to meet Betty in a temple and begin their fight. Betty's jukebox henchman begins playing music but Chosen alters the tune so that it plays 'Black Betty'. Their fight takes them outside to the courtyard where Chosen appears to have the upper hand. Betty summons the Evil Council for backup and they arrive from the sky in large, triangular spaceships and begin playing French music, to Chosen's disgust. Empowered by their energy beams, Betty renders Chosen helpless with paralyzing attacks. Partially unconscious, Chosen has a vision of Mu Shu Fasa and Whoa. Mu Shu advises Chosen to open his mouth. When he does, Tonguey extends to amazing lengths and flies out towards the Evil Council's mother ship, latching out on one of the corners and spinning it out of control until it crashes. The rest of the armada flees in fear. Chosen's body glows brightly and he leaps from the ground and grabs Betty's pyramid spikes as Betty chest palms him away. But Chosen is successful in removing the spikes. As blood spurts from the holes where the spikes were, Betty stumbles to the ground, hurts his stomach, and dies. Chosen sits up and removes from inside his shirt a very flat squirrel with a hand imprint pressed into it. He thanks the squirrel for providing a cushion against Betty's blow and fills the hand-sized cavity in the squirrel with nuts. The squirrel awkwardly runs off with its reward. Ling runs into the courtyard, flashing Chosen for a moment, and embraces him. Chosen returns home with her, triumphant. The movie ends with sequences showing a possible sequel (not true) filled with even stranger adventures for Chosen and his friends. At the very end, we see Master Tang, still weak and lying in the field where Chosen left him, asking if anyone will come to his aid as an eagle pecks at his leg.
tt0385307
Action,Comedy,Crime
Sandra Bullock returns as FBI agent Gracie Hart in the second Miss Congeniality movie. Gracie has become well-known by the public after saving Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns) at the Miss United States Pageant, where she was working undercover. Gracie is asked to become the face to the FBI, and give a positive face of the FBI by promoting her book on TV. Gracie has become a celebrity and is no longer a real FBI agent. Her friends from the pageant, Cheryl and Stan Fields (William Shatner) are kidnapped in Las Vegas, and Gracie wants to find them. Gracie is ordered by her boss to continue being the face of the FBI, while they find her friends. Gracie can't do that, so she starts her own investigation. Her bodyguard, FBI agent Sam Fuller (Regina King), and Gracie go undercover to find her friends, and the fireworks begin. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0327162
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
Joanna Eberhart (Nicole Kidman) is a top New York TV executive who specializes in reality TV shows in which women get the better of men, especially wives of their husbands. After the launch of a tropical island fidelity test show in which the man spurns the temptations to stay with his wife, but she abandons him in favour of the muscular alternatives she's had all week, the husband turns up with a gun at Joanna's big corporate new season presentation, so of course all the lawyers and shareholders get nervous, the shows get pulled, and Joanna gets fired and has a nervous breakdown. Her husband Walter (Matthew Broderick), a junior executive in the same TV company who went there only to work for her in order to see her sometimes, retires too, and takes the family (they have two children) to live in the superficially ideal, affluent yet leafy little gated town of Stepford, Connecticut. They notice that the husbands are all very content ... and the wives too, but in a hyperdomestic way. Joanna recovers, gradually, and complains to Walter to the effect that the men are all nerds and the women all Barbie dolls. The only (to Joanna) normal woman there is her old friend the fat, very Jewish intellectual writer Bobbie Markowitz (Bette Midler). She and Joanna always wear black city grunge whereas all the other wives --- who are also all blondes with perfect figures and complexions --- wear colourful frocks. And the men spend all their time at the Stepford Men's Club, but expect their wives to be at home all the time, washing laundry, cleaning, and making endless batches of cakes while they wait infinitely patiently for their husbands to come home to be fed and then seduced in the bedroom (yes, even in the middle of the day as the outsiders discover). Bobbie and Joanna start to investigate; but then Bobbie undergoes the transformation to blonde houseproud home baker in blue gingham, and Joanna is on her own. In the end we all find out the secret of Claire (Glenn Close) and Mike Wellington (Christopher Walken), the town's rather spooky, leading "ideal" married couple. At first, Claire appears as the realtor introducing Walter & Joanna to their new house; then she takes Joanna to the ladies' keep fit session, where Claire is the instructor (all the ladies exercise in their usual frocks and full makeup). Mike is like town mayor; and that isn't actually his name: he's called Mike because he used to work for Microsoft ... It's at the town picnic, when one woman overdoes the barn dancing and Joanna sees sparks coming out of her ears but Mike won't allow anyone to call an ambulance, that Joanna is first seriously spooked. Meanwhile Walter's amazed by the other men's contentment. He's even more amazed when a man summons his wife and asks for twenty dollars. She sticks his cash card in her mouth and then spits out first the card then twenty one-dollar bills. Conclusion: the woman have been quietly converted into robots, all except Claire. We finally discover she is the brains behind the whole town and that Mike (who does have very synthetic-looking stawberry blonde hair) is the robot.
tt0375173
Comedy,Drama,Romance
This is a remake of the 1966 film with Michael Caine as Alfie. Jude Law now plays the title role of Alfie. The film uses the same speaking technique as the original, with Alfie talking directly to the camera when he is talking about women. The audience gets the inside information on women, as if we were part of the show. Alfie is from England living in Manhattan, working as a limousine driver. Alfie wants to some day own the limo business, but right now he is chauffeuring the rich around town, and sometimes making love to the lonely female passengers in the backseat of the limo. Alfie is very charming to women and knows what they want to hear. Alfie's goal is to make love to as many beautiful women as he can with no commitment or responsibilities, before he finds his soulmate. But Alfie finds that life is not that simple, and he will have to take responsibility for his actions. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0299172
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Maggie is the only cow left on the Dixon Ranch after Alamida Slim (a cattle rustler capable of stealing 500 in a single night) stole all the rest of Dixon's cattle. Mr. Dixon sells Maggie to Pearl, a kind and elderly woman that runs a small farm called Patch of Heaven near a railroad track, and sets off to the west to start over. Maggie quickly wins the favor of the local animals by performing sleight of hand tricks using her tail, until the local Sheriff arrives to tell Pearl that her bank is cracking down on debtors. Pearl has three days to pay the bank $750, or her farm will be sold to the highest bidder. Hearing this, Maggie convinces the other cows on the farm (Grace, a happy-go-lucky character, and Mrs. Calloway, who has had leadership gone to her head) to go to town to attempt winning prize money at a fair. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Buck, the Sheriff's horse, constantly daydreams about seeing "real" law-enforcement action. While the cows are in town, a bounty hunter named Rico (who Buck idolizes) drops a criminal off and collects the reward. Stating he needs a replacement horse to go after Alamida Slim while his own horse rests, he takes Buck. When Maggie find out that the reward for capturing Slim is of exactly $750, she convinces the other cows to try and capture him to save Patch of Heaven. Along the way, Grace drives the other two cows crazy by singing horribly off tune, a fact she is unaware of because she has what she calls perfect pitch. They also pass the Dixon Ranch at the moment its auction is won by a Mr. O'delay, and Maggie reveals to the other cows that it is where she used to live. She was only spared in the theft because she had been locked in the barn for the night after winning the first prize at a fair. That night, they hide among a large heard of steers, when Alamida Slim appears. Before any of them can do anything, Slim beings a yodeling song which sends all the cattle (except Grace) into a trance that causes them to dance madly and follow Slim anywhere. Grace is able to bring Maggie and Mrs. Calloway back to their senses just before Slim closes the path behind him with a rockslide to stop Rico and his men from chasing him. As Rico discusses with his men what his next move will be, Buck starts talking with Maggie, Grace, and Mrs. Calloway as old friends and miming actions. This causes Rico to believe Buck is frightened by cows, and sends Buck back to the Sheriff. Buck escapes, determined to capture Slim for himself to prove his worth. Maggie, Grace, and Mrs. Calloway follow Buck's hoofprints to try to pass him and get to Slim first, but they have a fallout when they lose the trail in a downpour. Mrs. Calloway accuses Maggie of wanting to go after Slim only as a personal vendetta, dragging them along the way. They spend the night under a large rock. The next morning, they are awakened by a peg-legged rabbit named Lucky Jack, who lost his leg to a Rabbit's foot amulet. Jack also lost his home, and old mine, to Alamida Slim, who now uses it as his hideout. The cows then ask Jack to lead them to the mine. At the mine, Slim reveals that he used to be a skilled cowboy and ranch hand, but his patrons would not recognize his talent, repeatedly firing him (his accomplices hint that it was because they disliked his singing). In revenge, he has been stealing all their cattle. When his former patrons can't support their land anymore, he buys the land when it is auctioned off, under the guise of the respectable-looking Mr. O'delay, using the very money he gets from selling the cattle he stole. At that moment, he notices for the first time a small plot on his map labeled "Patch of Heaven", and chooses it as his next target. At the entrance to the mine, the cows find Buck is blocked from entering by Slim's steed (a buffalo), because he can only let cows in. Maggie, Grace, Mrs. Calloway, and Jack are of course allowed in. Once inside, they come up with a plan to catch Slim, part of which requires them to cut Jack's cotton tail and use it as earplugs. While performing the sale of the cattle, Slim notices that he's missing three cows from his original count, so he sets off to find Maggie, Grace, and Mrs. Calloway. While he's trying to catch Maggie and Mrs. Calloway, Grace runs into him with a mine cart and Jack hits him over the head with a prospecting pan. They run off with Slim's accomplices and buyer in pursuit on a steam train. Bittered by being rejected by Rico, Buck tricks Rico's horse into running away. However, when Rico notices the commotion in the mine, he saddles Buck instead, who is all to happy to take Rico to the scene. However, when they all crash, stopping the chase, Rico is revealed to work for Slim! Slim dons his O'delay costume and leaves the cows stranded in the middle of the desert with the train, while he goes to atend the auction. However, the cows manage to drive the train to the farm, where they convince the animals to rebel against Slim.
tt0118887
Crime,Drama,Thriller
In the fictional town of Garrison, New Jersey, located across the Hudson River from New York City, a number of residents are NYPD officers. Local sheriff Freddy Heflin (Sylvester Stallone) is secretly in love with Liz Randone (Annabella Sciorra), whose life he once saved after a car accident. Her rescue cost him the hearing in one ear and made him ineligible to become a New York City cop, as so many of his peers did, including Liz's abusive and unfaithful husband Joey Randone (Peter Berg). One night, Murray "Superboy" Babitch (Michael Rapaport), nephew of Lt. Ray Donlan (Harvey Keitel), is driving across the George Washington Bridge when his car is sideswiped by a couple of African-American teens. Babitch attempts to force them to pull over. The passenger points what Babitch thinks is a weapon and then the front tire of his car goes flat. (Superboy had run over a bottle leaving a nightclub in Manhattan.) Believing they have fired at him, Babitch shoots back. In an ensuing accident, the teens are killed. Jack Rucker (Robert Patrick) removes the steering wheel lock that Babitch mistook for a weapon from the hands of one of the dead teens and is caught trying to plant a weapon in their vehicle to justify the shooting. Worried about the repercussions on his career of having shot unarmed black teens, Babitch is persuaded by Donlan to fake his suicide. Ray pretends that Babitch has jumped off the bridge. Other corrupt police officers, including Detective Leo Crasky (John Spencer) and Frank Lagonda (Arthur Nascarella), fear that Babitch will resurface and testify about their corruption to Internal Affairs. Internal Affairs investigator Lt. Moe Tilden (Robert De Niro) asks if Heflin will provide information on the corrupt cops who live in his town. Heflin is intimidated by the New York City cops and is reluctant to betray them, derailing Tilden's investigation. Superiors in the department, related to the corrupt cops, order Tilden to shut down the investigation. Although the Babitch cover-up appears to be initially successful, Ray is told by Patrolmen's Defense Association President Vincent Lassaro (Frank Vincent) that without a body, the case will not stay cold. Ray reluctantly decides that his nephew must be killed. During a loud party held by Ray at his house, Babitch is tipped off by his aunt Rose (Cathy Moriarty). Ray, Jack and Frank try to drown Babitch in Ray's hot tub. When Joe Randone arrives at the party late, he hears the shots Babitch fired to stop his drowning -- Babitch flees in to the night and goes to Freddy's house looking for help, but when he sees Freddy's friend (and fellow NYPD cop) Gary "Figgsy" Figgis (Ray Liotta), he flees. Later at the bar the police all hang out at, Joey disagrees with Ray over his plans to find & eliminate his nephew. Later that evening while on patrol, Joey Randone gets into a fight with a violent suspect and is thrown off a rooftop. While he is clinging to an aerial and calling for help, Donlan sees him but fails to render assistance, in revenge for Randone's affair with Donlan's wife. By the time the cops get to the roof, Randone has fallen to his death. When Freddy realizes his mistake, he visits Tilden and is angrily told that the case was blown by his failure to co-operate sooner. As he leaves, Freddy sees a number of NYPD case files on the corrupt cops and steals them. He studies the files and realizes the extent of his friends' corruption. Deputy Cindy Betts (Janeane Garofalo) decides to leave Garrison, frustrated by the New York City cops having turned the town into their own personal fiefdom. Freddy returns home to find Figgsy packing to leave, not wanting to be further involved. Freddy finds out that Figgsy burned down his own house for the insurance money, accidentally killing his crack-addicted girlfriend Monica (Mel Gorham). Heflin manages to convince Rose to reveal where Babitch is hiding, then takes him to Garrison's jail. Heflin generously permits Deputy Bill Geisler (Noah Emmerich), who is nervous about protecting Babitch, to go home and take care of his pregnant wife. Heflin attempts to bring Babitch to New York City to turn over to Tilden there, but Lagonda, Donlan and Rucker ambush him. Rucker cruelly fires a gun next to Freddy's good ear, deafening and disabling him. Babitch is taken, presumably to be killed. On foot and almost totally deaf, Heflin follows them to Donlan's house, where a shootout commences. Heflin kills both Jack and Frank. Heflin is then shot in the shoulder by Leo Crasky, but is saved by the arrival of Figgsy, who kills Crasky. In the house, Babitch is trying to escape through a window. Donlan sneaks up behind Heflin, but before he can fire, Figgsy shoots. Barely hearing the shot, Heflin turns and shoots. As Donlan lies dying on the floor, he mutters obscenities, to which Heflin replies simply: "I can't hear you, Ray." Figgsy and Heflin personally take Babitch to New York City and to Internal Affairs, refusing to allow any other cop to do the job. Tilden takes the prisoner into custody. After the scandal has been investigated and indictments handed down, Heflin, who has recovered hearing in his good ear, ends up looking at the New York City skyline from across the Hudson River. Deputy Geisler notifies him about a jack-knifed truck and Freddy goes back to work.
tt0138510
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Anton Tobias is an average lazy stoner teenager. He has two caring parents (Fred Willard and Connie Ray) and two best friends, Pnub (Elden Henson) and Mick (Seth Green). He has a crush on Molly (Jessica Alba), the girl across the street. Everything is going fine until a string of murders plagues the town. Then, when Anton's parents wind up dead on Halloween, all the clues point to Anton. Anton's hand stabs Mick's forehead with a bottle (killing him), and throws a circular saw blade at Pnub (beheading him). He then realises that his right hand has become possessed (little does he know, the hand is searching for a soul to bring back to Hell). Anton's hand throws his cat across the street after fighting for the remote, and while searching for his cat, his hand forces him to ring Molly's doorbell and the two start a relationship. Anton holds a funeral (of sorts) for his parents and friends. However, Pnub and Mick decide not to go to heaven, claiming the entrance was "too far", and instead return to their former bodies, (although Mick has a bottle in his head and Pnub is still decapitated). With their help Anton must stop his possessed hand. Meanwhile, a druidic high priestess named Debi LeCure (Vivica A. Fox) in Utah has found out that when the locations of killings that have happened all over the country are connected in the order they happened, it makes a pentagram. After his hand kills two cops Anton knew from high school, Anton cuts it off with a cleaver and Mick cauterizes his wound with an iron. Pnub and Mick go to his place for a First-Aid Kit as Anton battles with his severed hand, eventually trapping it in a microwave and burning it. Meanwhile, Debi (now along with Randy (Jack Noseworthy), a local metalhead with a monster truck and a neighbor of Anton) hunts Anton down, as Debi knows how to put a stop to Anton's possessed hand. After sending Molly to the school dance, to what Anton thinks will be a safe place, Anton returns to his home to finish off the hand. Unfortunately Pnub and Mick opened the microwave to make some burritos and the hand had already escaped. Mick fixes Pnub's decapitated head with a meat fork and duct tape and they head to the dance with Anton to look for the hand. The three steal Randy's Ford, accidentally hitting Debi while backing up, and knocking her unconscious. Randy uses "CPR" on her and revives her. Meanwhile, a couple making out in a car are killed, one's neck being broken, the other's head bashed in. Anton, Pnub, and Mick see this and split up. Mick and Pnub go to the school Halloween dance (everyone thinks their gory appearance is a costume) to watch over Molly, while Anton looks for the hand. The hand, meanwhile, kills the principal in his office while he indulges in a little phone sex. Randy and Debi meet up with Anton, and after attempting to kill him to "stop the evil", they realize he has cut off his hand, and it is loose somewhere in the building, Debi explains to Anton that the hand will drag Molly's soul into the netherworld with it at 12:00am Druid time, which is in 6 minutes. Pnub and Mick, meanwhile, are at the dance 'watching' over Molly. Anton tries to warn everyone about his hand, but is just booed at for stopping the show. The Hand then kills the lead singer (Dexter Holland of The Offspring) at the dance and causes a panic. Molly and her friend Tanya, however, escape through the vents. They end up at a giant fan, and Molly uses Tanya's shoe to stop the fan from moving. Molly climbs down using a rope, but Tanya is too afraid to go, so she stalls; and the hand comes and ties the rope around her neck, then shoves her down. Then the Hand removes Tanya's shoe, causing the rope to pull Tanya into the now moving fan. Molly runs into the art room, only to have a pot smashed on her head by the hand, knocking her out. Anton, now searching in the art room, fights with the Hand while it is inside a puppet; but as soon as he is about to finish it off, Mick and Pnub drop from the vents right on top of him, causing it to escape. They hear Molly scream, and find the Hand in an autoshop, with Molly strapped to a car being raised toward a pentagram on the ceiling. Anton, Mick & Pnub fight with the Hand over the controls to try stop the car, but the Hand has a good grip. Mick finds a mechanics "Mighty Joe Bong" and he and Pnub smoke a bowl "for strength" while Molly is raised toward the roof. Anton takes in some and blows his smoke into the Hand (which is still inside a hand-puppet) getting it stoned, where it drops the controls and they save Molly. Debi throws a ritual knife into the Hand (which lands in Mick's chest), stopping it in a puff of smoke and fire. She and Randy take off for "ritualistic sex." Anton releases Molly from the top of the car, they go under the car and start making out. Meanwhile, Mick realizes he never got a hit off of the mechanics 3-Chamber Bong, and tells Pnub to 'light me up'. In the process of lighting the Bong, Pnub accidentally hits the controls for the car, and Anton is crushed by the car when the controls lower it too fast. In the film's climax, Anton and Molly went into the hospital. Anton has given up heaven to stay with Molly, and Mick and Pnub are now his Guardian Angels, sent to see that he does not return to his "evil ways". After Molly leaves, Mick and Pnub go to the SnackMaster in the hall, shutting off the lights as they leave the room. Anton looks at the ceiling to see "I'M UNDER THE BED" written in glow-in-the-dark paint. As Anton screams for Mick and Pnub, the two joke about how they wrote the sign and how Anton screams like a girl.
tt0263757
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Molly Gunn, played by Brittany Murphy, is the daughter of a late rock and roll legend and the toast of the New York music scene. Unfortunately, reality hits Molly in the head when she loses all of her assets. Molly's lawyer, who wasn't insured, steals her inheritance and sells the future royalties to her father's music. Molly is forced to do something she has never done in her life, get a job. Her friend gets her a job as a nanny to a precocious eight-year-old, Ray Schleine (Dakota Fanning). Ray is emotionally distant from her mother Roma Schleine (Heather Locklear), a career-obsessed music executive who doesn't have any time for Ray. Since Ray's father has been in a coma for years, she has grown up with too little family stability. Ray has had a revolving door of nannies, who must take orders from her or they are gone. Molly can't take Ray anymore and quits, however, she finally learns the meaning of the word humility when she must beg Ray for her job back. Molly gives Ray her potbelly-pig and their friendship begins. Molly becomes a true friend to Ray and not an employee. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0124198
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
Kyle Fisher (Jon Favreau), days away from his wedding, welcomes his bachelor party weekend as a chance to break free from his control-freak, Bridezilla fiancée Laura (Cameron Diaz). Along with his best friend Charles (Leland Orser), his friends Michael (Jeremy Piven), and Boyd (Christian Slater), and Michael's brother Adam (Daniel Stern), they celebrate in a Las Vegas hotel room complete with drinking, drugs, and a stripper (Kobe Tai). However, trouble begins when Michael accidentally kills the stripper in the hotel bathroom after paying her extra money to have sex with her. Michael, in his sexual aggression, accidentally flings her across the bathroom and she hits the back of her head against a towel hanger, killing her instantly. A hotel security guard shows up to respond to complaints about the noise from the party. He starts to leave after the guys promise to quiet down but spots the hooker's body in the bathroom. He prepares to call the police but is killed by Boyd who stabs him with a corkscrew and prevents him from leaving the bathroom until he dies. Boyd takes charge of the group and devises a plan to dispose of the bodies by burying them in the desert. Everyone grudgingly goes through with the plan, but soon guilt and nerves begin to destroy the group. Upon returning from Las Vegas, during Kyle and Laura's rehearsal dinner, Adam cracks under the pressure, leading to a confrontation between Adam and Michael in the parking lot. The rest of the group breaks up the fight, convincing Michael to leave, but instead he decides to crash his Jeep into Adam's beloved minivan. Seeing his brother's intentions, Adam darts in front of the Jeep at the last moment and is crushed in the collision. At the hospital, Adam whispers something to his wife, Lois (Jeanne Tripplehorn), before he dies. Soon afterward, Lois calls everyone over to her house. Lois states that Adam mentioned that something had happened in Vegas, but died before he was able to tell her. Seeing Michael in a state of despair, Lois prods him for information, threatening to call the police if she is not told the truth. As Michael is about to crack, Kyle quickly makes up a story about Adam having sex with a prostitute in Vegas. Lois appears to believe him, and the group leaves. After dropping Kyle, Michael, and Charles off at a nearby bar, Boyd returns to Lois' house, where a violent fight ensues after Lois realizes that Boyd intends to kill her. After they struggle, it is implied that Boyd succeeds in killing Lois. Immediately afterwards, Boyd calls Kyle, telling him that Lois wishes to speak to Michael. Kyle and Charles then take Michael to Lois' house, and, moments after Michael goes inside the house, a loud noise is heard and Boyd enters the car without Michael. Boyd then concocts a false love triangle story to explain Lois and Michael's deaths, in case any of the remaining three friends are questioned by the police. The next day, Kyle and Laura discover that they have been awarded custody of Adam and Lois' two disabled children and their dog. This angers Laura, but even more so after they learn that Adam's life insurance policy is only worth $14,223. This new stress proves to be too much for Kyle, who confesses to Laura what happened in Vegas. Instead of being horrified at the confession of the murders, Laura is enraged that there is yet another distraction from her wedding, dismissing his confession. On the day of the wedding, Boyd confronts Kyle about the Adam's insurance money. Kyle attempts to tell Boyd that there was no money, but Boyd attacks and begins strangling him, only to be bludgeoned from behind by Laura, knocking him unconscious. During the wedding, it is discovered that Boyd had the rings for the ceremony. Charles goes to retrieve them as Boyd is crawling up the stairs towards the wedding hall, leading Charles to inadvertently knock Boyd down the stairwell. Reaching into Boyd's coat for the rings, Boyd once again wakes and grabs his hand. However, he quickly loses consciousness and dies, as Charles retrieves the rings and rejoins the ceremony, which ends without further incident. Later, Kyle attempts to talk to Laura about his confession and is horrified to hear that she wishes more loose ends were tied up, ordering Kyle to kill Charles. She also orders him to kill Adam's children and their dog to rid her of her responsibilities towards them. Kyle takes Charles, the dog, and a suitcase containing Boyd's body back out to the Vegas desert. After burying Boyd, Kyle appears to be preparing to bludgeon Charles with his shovel, however, the next scene shows them all driving back from the burial site. On the way back, Kyle loses focus while daydreaming, crashing head-on into an oncoming car. Some time later, Laura is scrubbing and cleaning her house, living the life she always detested. Kyle, Charles, the dog, and Adam's children are now all disabled in some way and rely on Laura to take care of them. (Kyle has lost both of his legs and is now a paraplegic; Charles is a quadriplegic; and the family the dog now has only three legs and one eye) Laura, distraught over the pressures of all her unwanted responsibility, runs out into the street and falls down, crying and shrieking in anguish at this fate worse then death that she has landed into for the rest of her miserable life.
tt0227984
Action,Comedy,Crime
Elmo McElroy has been an underground chemist for 30 years, recently working for the drug lord The Lizard. Elmo has discovered a formula to make a drug 51 times more potent then any other and made up of all legal substances. When The Lizard Shows up with his partners to work out the sale, Elmo has rigged his warehouse to blow while he takes off to Liverpool with his formula in tow. The Lizard survives the explosion and hires Dakota, a hired gun, to go after Elmo. In England Elmo is met by Felix Desouza, an avid soccer fan and Elmo's contact responsible for bringing him to Felix's boss who si planning to buy the new drug. Dakota Attacks the meet, killing everyone except Elmo and Felix. The Lizard now whats Elmo alive, and Felix? well Dakota and Felix just might have a history together. Elmo and Felix escape from the meet, run into a gang of hooligans also looking to get the drug and get in a car chase with the police including crooked cop Virgil Kane. The two catch their breath by jumping their car onto a trash barge, where they see Dakota watching them spurring Felix into admitting she is his ex-girlfriend. Elmo deals with Felix to pay him 5% of what he sells his formula for if Felix can arrange a sale, leading them to Iki. Iki is an eccentric crime boss, who knows Felix and Dakota from back in the day, and agrees to meet Elmo and discuss the deal. At Iki's night club, Virgil Kane and the police break up the sale arresting Felix and Iki while Dakota escapes with Elmo her prisoner. She is to bring Elmo to the Lizard Alive. Elmo makes her a better deal, persuading her to shake off the Lizards influence and giving her a cut of his formula sale. Meanwhile Felix gets pressured into dealing with Kane to bust all the players and make off with the drug himself. Iki is released with Felix and they arrange to make the sale with Elmo at the big Liverpool vs Manchester soccer game. Felix and Dakota reignite their feelings and have some fun in the bathtub. Soon after, Elmo, Felix and Dakota arrive At Iki's viewing room at the stadium. Iki hands over the money, in bonds, for Elmo's formula while Elmo mixes drinks for them. Suddenly the Lizard arrives, still thinking Dakota is working for him, and toasts with Iki to creating a partnership. They drink what Elmo mixed and the Lizard then kills Iki. He's about to kill the others when Virgil Kane now arrives, thanks to Felix's tip, just in time for the chemicals in the drink Elmo made to react and cause the Lizard to explode messily. Elmo, Felix and Dakota, take cover behind an umbrella, grab the bonds and casually make their way part the stunned Kane and out into the world all free people.
tt1104733
Comedy,Music
The creative life has been difficult for Dana Marschz (Steve Coogan) as he has fallen from an acting career based on info-commercials to teaching drama in a High School in Tucson and writing and producing stage versions of popular movies that get panned even by the local High School drama critic. Dana and his wife Brie (Catherine Keener) are trying to have a child and additionally take on a border Gary (David Arquette) to help make ends meet. When he is informed that Drama Class is cancelled due to budget cuts Dana decides to write an original play to garner attention and get funding, but when he pens Hamlet 2, a zany and offensive sequel to the famous English play the High School as well as the entire town rise up to suppress his art. His talented Drama class consisting of latent homosexual Rand Posin (Skylar Astin), the desperate, well-meaning Epiphany Sellers (Phoebe Strole), the down-to-Earth Ivonne (Melonie Diaz), and the tough kid Octavio (Joseph Julian Soria), among others, want their hard work to have an artistic life so they find a warehouse and pool together their resources to put on the play with a variety of visual and aural special effects.
tt0466342
Comedy,Romance
Julia Jones is a lonely, overweight 30-something woman of Greek, Indian, Japanese, and Jewish decent. After looking for love in several wrong places, and receiving as many rejections, she gets pimped out and is thus better equipped to find and court the man of her dreams, Grant Fockyerdoder. Before she can do so, however, she must overcome a dozen or so obstacles that shamelessly spoof several popular romantic comedies, such as My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Meet the Parents, The Bachelor, My Best Friend's Wedding, Kill Bill, Pretty Woman, Napoleon Dynamite, When Harry Met Sally, Wedding Crashers, Say Anything, Hitch, Sleepless in Seattle, The Wedding Planner, King Kong, and a few others. Will she get her man in the end? If you don't know the answer, you need to see a few more Date Movies.
tt0484740
Drama,Romance
A chronicle which takes in the fifty-year period straddling the 19th and 20th centuries. We are privy to the feelings of the central character, Fiorentino Ariza. He cannot help staring at the lovely but shy Fermina Daza The film is framed by the accidental death from a fall out of a mango tree by the 80-year-old Dr. Juvenal Urbino (Benjamin Bratt), married for a half century to the 72-year-old Fermina Daza. Visited on the day of the funeral by Florentino Ariza, she is enraged at the gall of a man who professes his lifetime love for her, at which point the film flashes back to the early courtship and proceeds through some fifty-two years of their lives.
tt0294357
Adventure,Drama,Romance
BEYOND BORDERS follows the problematic blossoming romance between busy American socialite Sarah Jordan (Jolie), and rogue doctor Nick Callahan (Owen). The two initially meet in 1984 at a charity event in London. Sarah is still flushed with excitement from her recent marriage, but is nevertheless enchanted by Nick's impassioned speech on behalf of starving children in Ethiopia. Sarah decides to help the cause in Africa, meeting Nick there and sparking a romantic connection which is cut short because of family and work commitments. Four years later, Sarah finds herself alone after a torrid divorce. Her work for the United Nations now consumes her thoughts, and when the chance to travel to war-torn Cambodia--and reunite with Nick--arises, it proves too good to turn down. The two immediately hit it off, but Nick's commitment to his work once again causes them to separate. Five more years pass, and when Sarah receives a call that Nick has been captured and made a prisoner of war in Chechnya, she realizes she has one more chance to rescue her man, and to rekindle the passion.
tt0400497
Adventure,Comedy,Family
The plucky little #53 VW Bug named Herbie was once one of the most popular vehicles on the racing circuit in his day. However, over time, his popularity waned, until he eventually finds himself in the hands of a junk yard owner named Crazy Dave, who is planning to eventually crush the little beetle into scrap. Meanwhile, Maggie Peyton has just graduated from college, and is planning to head to New York after the summer to work for ESPN. Though she appears happy for these plans, she secretly harbors a wish to race just like her Father, Grandfather, and Brother. However, while her Father and Grandfather had the 'ambition and drive,' her brother Rey Payton Jr just doesn't have it. After her graduation, Rey Payton Sr takes his daughter to Crazy Dave's to pick out a used car of her own. Through a mishap perpetrated by Herbie, Maggie ends up as the beetle's new owner. However, once she starts Herbie up, he takes off in a mad dash to a nearby garage, owned by a young man named Kevin, who is a friend of Maggie's. Noting Herbie's condition, Kevin decides to go with Maggie for a drive to test Herbie out. However, Herbie ends up driving the two of them to a local exotic car show, where famed NASCAR racer Trip Murphy is making a publicity appearance. After Trip makes a rude comment about Herbie's condition, the little beetle creates a major scratch along the side of Trip's personal vehicle. A race soon ensues, and Maggie (wearing a racing outfit with a darkened helmet), manages to beat Trip. Herbie's beating Trip gives Maggie a thrill from winning a street race (something she promised her Dad she wouldn't do again after a serious accident some time before), but plunges Trip into a deep grudge over being beaten by an old VW beetle. Even though his manager (and brother) tells Trip to just ignore the 'fluke win,' Trip is determined to get back at Herbie and his racer. Trip then advertises a special racing event in the desert with the promise of a $10,000 cash prize to the person who beats him. The ad catches the eye of Maggie and Kevin, who feel that the money could be a good thing for Maggie when she moves to New York. The two work to repair Herbie, and make him more race-worthy. At the race-off's tryouts, Herbie manages to beat all the other competitors. However, Trip has been watching Herbie and his mysterious driver, and finally confirms that it's Maggie. After the day is over, Trip allows Maggie the chance to take his NASCAR racer for a ride in the desert. Trip then attempts to examine Herbie's engine to figure how the bug beat him, but Herbie ends up knocking Trip around instead. When Maggie returns, Trip tricks Maggie into betting Herbie's ownership on the last race, claiming that if Maggie wins, she can have his NASCAR racer. The next day, Herbie throws the race, when Maggie demands they win so she can have Trip's race car. The loss ends in Maggie's duel identity as Herbie's mysterious driver being exposed to the crowd...which also consists of her Dad. Rey Payton Sr angrily tells his displeasure that Maggie went back on her promise not to race, and Kevin is upset that Maggie would bet Herbie like she did. Though it seems that everyone is upset with Maggie, her college friend Charisma (who was at the race) commends Maggie that she really seems to have a racer's spirit, and that it seems she would moreso enjoy racing than the upcoming position with ESPN. After some soul-searching, Maggie visits Trip with the intent to buy back Herbie. However, Trip has sold Herbie to a demolition derby, with the intent that the little beetle will be demolished. Maggie manages to get to the derby, but not before Herbie is damaged quite badly. The next day, Maggie's brother Rey Jr qualifies for the NEXTEL Cup race, but can't race due to a vision impairment. Rey then suggests that Maggie race in his place. Kevin also voices his affirmative, but Rey Sr refuses to allow this. That evening, Maggie and Kevin assess Herbie's damage, and find that they do not have the funds to fix him. However, their solution comes in the form of Ray Jr who arrives, to tell Maggie that he is going to let her race in the NEXTEL Cup the next day. However, Maggie insists that she race in Herbie. Ray Jr and his pit crew then work overnight to fix Herbie and make him NASCAR-certified (as much as a VW Bug can be, anyways). The next day, Trip Murphy is surprised to see Herbie enter the race. Eventually, Herbie manages to outperform most of the race favorites, but encounters fuel problems during the final laps. Maggie is more than willing to lose the race if it means Herbie will be alright, but Herbie manages to push on, intending to win the race...of which Trip is in the lead. It looks like Trip may win the race, but his ego gets the better of him, and he ends up crashing, allowing Herbie and Maggie to win, making her the first woman to win the NEXTEL Cup, and returning Herbie to prominence in the current racing world. The old legendary Number 53 racing car, Herbie, a 1963 Volkswagen bug has been forgotten for many years. Herbie ends up at a junk yard where Ray Peyton, Sr. (Michael Keaton), a NASCAR champ, takes his daughter Maggie (Lindsay Lohan) to buy a car as a college graduation gift. Herbie manages to get Maggie to take him. Maggie has racing in her blood, but her father is afraid for her after she crashed her car into a tree years earlier. Herbie has racing in his oil, and he is going to take Maggie for a wonderful ride. Maggie discovers that Herbie is not just a VW bug, but a fast racing car in disguise, when she races Trip Murphy (Matt Dillon), a top NASCAR driver. Herbie is entered into a NASCAR event and Maggie will be the driver. Maggie and the world will find out if she has what it takes to be a Peyton. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0374536
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
After a couple of movies flopped badly, a film star, Jack, agrees to a TV role as Darrin in a revival of Bewitched. His intent is to make Darrin the major part. He wants an unknown to play Elizabeth Montgomery's role (Samantha) so she won't try to upstage him. A real witch trying to act human becomes romantically interested in Jack and is cast as Samantha because she can do the nose twitch. But the audience prefers her to him. She becomes disillusioned when she realizes what an egotistical jerk he really is. After quarrels in which she uses her powers, Jack finally realizes he's been a jerk and reforms. -------------------------------- Isabel Bigelow (Nicole Kidman), who has been a real witch her whole life, moves to San Fernando Valley to try to be a normal person. Isabel wants to feel the hardships that mortal people experience everyday by not using her powers. Jack Wyatt (Will Ferrell) is a movie star whose career has gone down since his last picture lost millions. His agent gets him a job on a remake of the Bewitched television show as Darrin Stephens. Jack wants an unknown actress to play the part of Samantha. The casting call goes out and the search is on. Jack sees Isabel twitch her nose at a book store and follows her. Jack thinks she is the perfect choice to play Samantha. What they don't know is that Isabel is a witch. While filming the show, Isabel uses her witchcraft to get events to go her way. Isabel has a little help from her father (Michael Caine). Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) Will Ferrell is Jack Wyatt an actor with minimal talent whose career has been declining steadily. Desperately seeking something that will boost his sagging career and his self esteem, Jack agrees to star in a re-make of the TV show Bewitched on the condition that he gets a complete unknown for the female lead to play opposite him. This will ensure that the audience will only be left with Jack to see with lots of screen time. Jack and the producers audition a long roster of wannabes, and in a period of frustration, he sees Isabel (Nicole Kidman) at a caf and begs her to become an actress and work in his TV show. He is confused when she initially rebuffs his advances, mistaking his attention as declaration of love. Since she is a witch and has been brought up in a world of spells and goblins, without TV, she is unaware of Elizabeth Montgomerys role of Samantha Stevens and the legacy of the TV show Bewitched. Isabel is trying to be a regular mortal person, and ultimately trying to catch a normal husband form the mortal side of reality. During the course of events she finds she must use her magical powers to help things along. But in the end she discovers that she must decide finally between a life spent on earth with mortal man or return home, where she will be a witch forever more.
tt1833844
Drama,Horror,Thriller
Berberian Sound Studio, an Italian-set horror film, tells the story of a sound engineer whose work for an Italian horror studio becomes a terrifying case of life imitating art. Part Italian-language script.
tt0280665
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Mercenary thief Laure Ash (Rebecca Romijn) participates in a diamond heist at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival in France. The plan is for Laure to steal a necklace of valuable diamonds from the ensemble of a female attendant named Veronica (Rie Rasmussen). Posing as a French photojournalist, Laure gains access to the festival gathering where she lures Veronica to the ladies room where she begins to seduce her in a stall, during which Laure's two accomplices "Black Tie" (Eriq Ebouaney) and Racine (Édouard Montrouge), plus a janitor co-conspirator, provide various support; while Black Tie, disguised as a security guard, subdues Veronica's bodyguards he sneaks into the ladies room and takes the diamonds as Laure removes them off Veronica and drops them on the floor where Black Tie puts them in a bag and replaces them with glass replicants, while Racine, dressed as another security guard, monitors the events from outside the ladies room. When the deception is discovered, Laure instead double-crosses her accomplices and escapes to Paris with the diamonds. Black Tie tries to stop her but gets shot by a security guard and gets arrested. In Paris, Racine persues Laure and tries to catch her to get her to reveal where she has hidden the diamonds. Through a series of events, Laure escapes to a country house where she is mistaken for her own doppelgänger, a missing Parisian woman named "Lily" (also portrayed by Romijn) who had recently disappeared. While Laure luxuriates in a tub in Lily's parents home, the real Lily returns and commits suicide while Laure secretly watches, leaving Laure the opportunity to take her identity for good and leave the country to America. On the plane to the USA, Laure meets a man seated next to her whom she introduces herself as her her alias Lily. Seven years later, Laure (still in her identity as "Lily") resurfaces in Paris as the wife of Bruce Watts, the new American ambassador to France (Peter Coyote). After arriving in France, a Spanish paparazzo named Nicolas Bardo (Antonio Banderas) takes her picture. The picture is displayed around Paris, and Black Tie (recently paroled from prison) spots Bardo's photo while in the middle of killing Veronica by throwing her into the path of a speeding truck. With Laure exposed to her two vengeful ex-accomplishes, she decides to frame Bardo for her own (staged) kidnapping so she can claim a ransom that Bruce will pay for her release and flee Paris once again to begin a new idenity. Bardo is further manipulated by Laure into following through with the "kidnapping", and in the process, they begin a sexual relationship. The pair eventually meet with Bruce for an exchange on a bride on the Saine, however, Bardo has a crisis of conscience at the last moment and sabotages the scheme instead of killing Bruce. In retaliation, Laure executes both Bardo and Bruce, only to be surprised by her ex-accomplices afterward, whom promptly beat her up and throw Laure off a bridge to her seeming death in the river below.... However, in an extended twist ending, the entirety of the movie's events after Laure enters the bathtub in Lily's home rewind and are revealed to be a dream or premonition of the entire seven years. Laure suddenly finds herself back in the bathtub at Lily's parents house where she is shocked to find herself back to where she began her new life. Laura spies Lily entering the home as before, but this time she stops her from committing suicide and gives Laura her plane ticket to America and tells her to rebuild a new life for herself there. Seven years later in Paris, Laure and Veronica, who is revealed to have been Laure's partner/lover all along, chat about the success of their diamond caper. All of a sudden, Black Tie and Racine arrive seeking revenge, but by a twist of fate, they are killed by the same truck that killed Veronica in Laure's alternate reality. Bardo, witnessing all these events, introduces himself to Laure, swearing that he has met her before, with Laure replying "Only in my dreams".
tt1838520
Drama,Thriller
Emanuel is a 17-year-old young woman who is still wracked with guilt over her late mother who died giving birth to her. She meets a boy on the train on her way to her job at a medical supply shop named Claude, with whom she becomes romantically involved. Emanuel is also living at her small home in Los Angeles with her father, Dennis, and her stepmother Janice, to whom she is anti-social with because she isn't anything like her mother and tries to accuse her of thinking she is a lesbian, as per her name being Emanuel, as her parents believed she were going to be a boy, as a way to justify her bitterness to her step mother. The following night, a woman named Linda moves into the neighborhood as Emanuel's new next door neighbor and she is shocked when she notices she looked just like her late mother. When Emanuel discovers that she is in need of babysitter for her newborn baby, Emanuel (despite her disliking of children) agrees, claiming she'll need the extra money for her "souvenir collection" but it's only because she wants to get to know more about the woman who looks like her dead mother. When Linda agrees to allow Emanuel to babysit her child, her interests are shattered when she discovered that the "baby" is actually a doll, and Emanuel believes Linda is mentally disturbed. But as Linda and Emanuel develop a close friendship, Emanuel tries to hide the fact that Linda's "baby" is really a doll from others by not letting people near the "baby." But that task becomes increasingly harder when her best friend/co-worker Arthur from the medical supply store befriends Linda when she goes in to purchase a baby nasal aspirator, and agrees to substitute for Emanuel as the babysitter when Linda makes mention of being invited to Emanuel's 18th birthday dinner and needing a substitute babysitter the night of the dinner. That evening, Linda arrives at Emanuel's house, and Claude also arrives having received an invite. Before the dinner, Dennis tells the guests the story of Emanuel's birth and her mother's death. This is something Emanuel makes her father do every year on her birthday, and she corrects his telling of the story several times. In the kitchen, while cleaning up the dishes, Janice explains to Linda that Emanuel is troubled and might be misinterpreting Linda's fondness for her (thinking that Emanuel has lesbian tendencies towards Linda). When saying goodnight to Claude, after the birthday dinner, Emanuel treats him rather harshly when he brings up that he's agreed to landscape for Linda. Emanuel thinks that he's following her everywhere because they met on the bus, he has been to her home a couple of times, and now he would be around while working for Linda. Claude tells Emanuel that she won't have to see him anymore and leaves. Emanuel agrees to babysit when Linda goes on a date with Arthur. When Arthur and Linda return from the date, Linda suggests that Arthur go upstairs with her to see the baby, who Emanuel says is sleeping. Emanuel begs for Arthur not to go upstairs to see the baby but after Linda calls him up again, he heads upstairs and realizes right away that the baby is not real. Linda seems to finally realize that "Chloe" is a doll and begins to panic about where her baby is. Assuming that Emanuel must have replaced Linda's real baby with a phony one, they call Emanuel several times and ask her where Chloe is. After she tells them Chloe is in her crib, Arthur shows her that the Chloe that is in the crib is a doll, not a real baby, and demands to know where Linda's baby is. While Linda yells and threatens to call the police, Emanuel begins to have an emotional meltdown and takes the doll, resulting in her fainting. As she faints, she has a vision in which she holds tightly onto Chloe while water floods into the room. Emanuel swims out of a window in the room into a deep body of water, still holding the Chloe doll. Emanuel swims for a bit and then sees her dead mother swimming a short distance away. The Chloe doll springs to life and swims to Emanuel's mother, who embraces the baby and swims away. Confused, Emanuel hears her name being called and swims away until she awakens on a gurney with her father and a police officer present. She is then taken to the hospital. When the officer asks Emanuel about the circumstances regarding the baby's disappearance, she claims the baby got away from her in the water and went to Emanuel's mom and that they both swam away. Once out of the hospital, Emanuel visits Claude at his job and makes up with him. Meanwhile, Linda's estranged husband is found, and he comes to town and explains to Emanuel and her parents that after spending a lot of money and time trying to conceive, they finally had a baby. The baby died after a few weeks, and with the autopsy results being inconclusive, no one knew what happened, but Linda blamed herself. After the funeral, which Linda would not attend, she began using a doll to replace her dead baby. When her husband tried to have her institutionalized, she disappeared with the doll, and he filed a missing person's report. Now that Linda has been found, she is being held in a psychiatric hospital, where she can only be visited by family. Her prognosis is not good. Emanuel later asks her father for permission to go see Linda, but only for him to harshly tell her to end her obsession with Linda because she nothing like her mother. Going against her father's bitter advice, Emanuel breaks into Linda's house and steals the doll. She then, with Claude's help, sneaks into the psychiatric hospital where Linda is being held and sneaks into Linda's room, where she tells her that her baby died from drowning, as Emanuel saw in her vision. When Linda asks Emanuel what really happened to her baby, Emanuel describes the vision omitting the part about her own mom, as a way to explain Chloe's death. Emanuel then sneaks Linda out of the hospital and brings her to the cemetery where her (Emanuel's) mother had been buried. Because of how ironic it is that Linda's daughter is dead, and physically never was alive, and that Emanuel's mother died giving birth to her, Emanuel tearfully digs a makeshift grave over her mother's tomb and buries the Chloe doll in it. The movie ends with the two women laying in the dirt, watching the stars in the night sky.
tt0383222
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Rayne (Kristanna Loken) is a "dhampir", the offspring of a human mother and a vampire father. Her father is Kagan (Ben Kinsley), and Rayne watched him slay her mother when she was about seven years old. Ever since, Rayne has vowed to avenge her mother's death by killing her father. There are others who are also fighting against vampires like Kagan. At some point in the past, Viscount Elrich (Billy Zane) created a secret society called the Brimstone. His daughter Katarin (Michelle Rodriguez) continues to run Brimstone, even though Elrich eventually was turned into a vampire himself. Katarin and her two friends, Vladimir (Michael Madsen) and Sebastian (Matthew David), provide the backbone for the rest of the 30 or so members of Brimstone. They are currently hiding in a fortress somewhere in the Romanian countryside. Working in a Carnival as a sideshow freak sometime in 18th Century Romania, dhampir Rayne is routinely burned by holy water, stabbed, and fed sheep's blood so that she can heal instantly, all for the amusement of the paying onlookers. When news of her performances gets around, three members of the Brimstone, a secret society of vampire hunters, set out to find Rayne. Unfortunately, Sebastian, Vladimir, and Katarin arrive the morning after Rayne has escaped the Carnaval, so they are forced to pick up her trail and keep searching. Rayne has joined a group of travelers, who drop her off in a nearby village where she is summoned by a fortune teller (Geraldine Chaplin) who tells her that her father is Kagan, the most powerful vampire in the land. Rayne reveals that Kagan raped and later killed her mother, and asks the fortune teller how to find and kill him. The fortune teller tells her about "the eye," a talisman which Kagan is seeking. If Rayne could get the eye, which is kept in the Solambrium Monastery, she would be sure to get an audience with Kagan. Rayne doesn't know it, but Kagan has also been searching for her. He's had one of his vampire henchmen, Domastir (Will Sanderson), pick up her trail. Domastir has overheard what the fortune teller told Rayne about the eye. When he relays the message to Kagan that Rayne is going in search of the eye, Kagan orders that Rayne be watched and, when she does get the eye, she be killed. Rayne heads for the monastery, followed by both the three Brimstones and by Domastir with his band of about a dozen thralls. The monks give Rayne dinner and a place to rest for the night. While everyone is asleep, Rayne sneaks around looking for the eye. She kills a deformed monk in order to get the key around his neck, uses the key to open the chamber where the eye is kept, dodges rotating blades to get to the pedestal where it sits, but the moment she picks it up, the doors slam shut and the room begins to fill with holy water. She leaps to the ceiling where she hangs upside down to escape the water. While waiting, she looks at the eye, which is suddenly assimilated into her own eye. Suddenly, the chamber door opens up, revealing the head monk (Udo Kier). He tells Rayne that the eye has made her impervious to water. The eye is actually one of three talismans -- an eye, a rib, and a heart -- that belonged to a long-dead vampire named Belial. Belial found a way to protect vampires against water, sunlight, and crosses. Upon his death, his body parts were scattered in fear of some vampire getting hold of them and becoming invincible. Because the eye has now become apart of Rayne's body, the monk won't let her leave the monastery. Suddenly, a shout rings out that the monastery is being attacked. Domastir and his thralls begin knocking off monks right and left. Sebastian, Vladimir, and Katarin join the fight, but it is Domastir who succeeds in knocking out Rayne and riding off with her body. Katarin is ordered to return to Brimstone to tell them that Domastir has Rayne and that Rayne has the eye, while Sebastian and Vladimir pursue Domastir. Because day is approaching, Domastir is forced to take shelter at Leonid's (Meat Loaf) palace of prostitutes, vampires, and other decadents. When Leonid lays eyes on Rayne, he wants to add her to his collection, but Domastir says that Rayne is for Kagan. However, when Leonid learns that Rayne has the eye, he has Domastir placed in chains and means to get the eye from Rayne even if he has to cut it out himself. Sebastian and Vladimir have infiltrated the palace. They come upon Rayne just after she's been stabbed several times by Leonid. Vladimir tosses a blanket over Rayne and shoots out the windows, allowing in the sunlight. Leonid burns to death, and Sebastian and Vladimir carry Rayne's body back to Brimstone headquarters. They place Rayne in a cell, but Rayne promises not to feed from then and asks only for animal blood so that she can heal and get on with her business. A few rats later, Rayne is healed. Vladimir convinces her to stay and train with Brimstone so that they can attack Kagan together. A new set of clothes and a fresh sword, and Rayne is ready to go. Although Rayne's stay at Brimstone seems to have given morale a shot in the arm, Katarin isn't pleased by Rayne's presence. In her correspondence with her father, the Viscount Elrich, the two of them express the belief that Brimstone is lost, although Elrich continues to protect the secret location of the Brimstone Society in order to protect his daughter's safety. On the other hand, Elrich is plotting to unseat Kagan. Meanwhile, Kagan has obtained the rib talisman and has ordered his thralls to comb the land for Brimstone's location, destroy everyone in Brimstone, and bring Rayne to him. After arming themselves with gunpowder, swords, and holy water from an arms dealer in town, Vladimir, Sebastian, and Rayne return to Brimstone. Before they reach the fortress, however, they are met by a wounded patriot. With his dying breath, he reveals that Katarin has betrayed them and that everyone in Brimstone is dead. That night, while Vladimir and Sebastian sleep out under the stars, Rayne tries to sneak off on her own. When Sebastian wakes up and tries to stop her, Rayne confesses that it is because of her that all those people died and that she's going to go it alone from now on. Also, she intends to find the heart talisman because she thinks that will give her the fighting edge against Kagan. Rayne's first stop is back at the Brimstone fortress, where she finds everyone is either dead or dying. Suddenly, she hears voices and hides behind a wall. It is Domastir telling his thralls that the damphir's body is not among the victims and that they must return to tell Kagan. Rayne goes looking deeper in the fortress and comes upon Katarin looking for the heart, which she tells her companions was buried by her grandfather at the bottom of a pool of water. Katarin dives into the pool to retrieve it, and Rayne follows. Katarin stabs Rayne in the abdomen, grabs the talisman, and begins swimming to the surface. Rayne follows. When they reach the surface, Rayne grabs Katarin, slits open her neck, and drinks her blood, which immediately heals Rayne's wound. As Katarin lies dead, Rayne now has the heart and she leaves to confront Kagan. Fearing that Rayne is no match for Kagan, Vladimir and Sebastian saddle up their horses and ride to Kagan's castle, where they hide in the bushes, waiting for Rayne to show. When she does, she rides straight to the gate and calls out, "I am here for Kagan." Rayne is immediately escorted to Domastir. She gives him the box with the heart in it and asks to see Kagan, but Domastir tosses her in a cell in the dungeon until it comes time to remove the eye. He then takes the heart to Kagan. In order to get inside the castle, Vladimir and Sebastian storm the front gate and are immediately captured by the guards and placed in a cell near Rayne. It is time for the ceremony that will remove the eye from Rayne and unite it with the heart and rib. Rayne is escorted to the ceremonial chamber and tied to an altar while they ready the knife. Meanwhile, Vladimir and Sebastian have tricked a thrall into entering their cell, overpowered him, and managed to escape. They storm the ceremonial chamber and start whacking away at the guards. Sebastian cuts Rayne free. Meanwhile, Kagan has opened the box which holds the heart and found it empty. He runs his sword through Vladimir and then turns on Rayne. They cross swords several times, managing to stab each other, but Kagan ends up on top. As he prepares to cut out Rayne's eye, Sebastian tosses Kagan a bottle of holy water, then shoots an arrow into it. The bottle breaks and the holy water eats away at Kagan's face. Rayne takes the opportunity to thrust an arrow through Kagan's heart and he turns to dust. With Kagan and Vladimir both dead, Rayne runs to Sebastian. He is also severely wounded. Rayne offers to turn him, but he refuses and dies in her arms. Rayne, the sole survivor amid the carnage, takes her seat on Kagan's throne.
tt0483726
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The story opens with Tom Dobbs (Robin Williams), a comedian and host of a satirical talk show who is able to tap into people's frustrations with the sharply divided, special-interest driven political climate. During his warm-up act, an audience member suggests that he run for President. At first, Dobbs laughs off the idea, but following a popular groundswell of support, later announces on the air that he will stand as a candidate. Through his efforts, he gets on the ballot in 13 states and participates in one of the national debates with the Democratic Incumbent President Kellogg and Republican U.S. Senator Mills. A parallel plot follows Eleanor (played by Laura Linney), who works at a voting machine company called Delacroy. According to a television commercial in the movie, the entire United States will be using Delacroy voting machines for the presidential election. Shortly before the elections, Eleanor notices an error in the voting system, but the head of the company purposefully ignores her warnings. Initially, Dobbs approaches the campaign seriously - perhaps too seriously, to the chagrin of his staff, especially his manager Jack Menken (Christopher Walken). That turns around the night of the presidential debates, where, fed up with the posturing of the other candidates, he shifts back into comedian mode, managing to keep the audience laughing and make serious points simultaneously. From then on, he resumes his showman persona, thoroughly shaking up the political landscape. Dobbs surges in polls after the debates, but remains in a distant third to Kellogg and Mills. Election Day arrives and polls show Dobbs at 17% with Kellogg and Mills tied in the 40s. Dobbs performs better than expected, although not well enough to be close to either of the two major candidates. Early returns show Kellogg beating Mills everywhere. Eleanor says that this is part of the error in the voting systems. Then all of a sudden Dobbs starts winning states. He first wins in Virginia, then North Carolina, and then big states such as California, New York and Texas. He now stands at 146 electoral votes and the news states if he wins the remaining states he is on the ballot in, he will become President. Soon afterwards, results show that Tom Dobbs has indeed won the race for President, beating out Kellogg and Mills. Dobbs is extremely shocked - like the rest of the world. While Dobbs and his crew move from shock to celebration, Eleanor remains unconvinced. She considers revealing the computer error to the public, but is attacked in her home (presumably by Delacroy agents) and injected with a cocktail of drugs. Upon going to work, her behavior is erratic in the extreme, and she is hospitalized for drug overdose (and the company uses this as a pretext to fire her). Upon recovering in the hospital, she realizes that very few people would believe her story, but decides that if nothing else, she must tell Dobbs. Though still suffering from the aftereffects of the drugs in her system, Eleanor eventually makes her way to Jack Menken's birthday party. There, she unconvincingly impersonates an FBI agent but manages to catch Dobbs' eye, the two dance through the evening, and Dobbs gives her his telephone number. Eleanor cannot bring herself to tell Dobbs that he is not really the President-Elect. Later, Dobbs tries to get back in contact with Eleanor by calling Delacroy. This immediately raises the suspicions of the Delacroy leaders, and they redouble their efforts to silence Eleanor. Eleanor calls Dobbs and he whisks her off to a paintball fight, followed by Thanksgiving dinner. At dinner, she finally gets him alone to tell him that the elections were a fraud, then leaves. Dobbs wrestles with the idea that he should not have been elected as President and finally decides to break Eleanor's news to the public in a major speech. However, Delacroy pre-empts his announcement with one of their own, stating that Eleanor was caught attempting to throw the election for Dobbs, but that her efforts had no impact on the polls. Eleanor becomes increasingly fearful for her safety, a feeling that is soon justified as agents break into the hotel room where she is staying to confiscate her computer, the only evidence she had. Desperate, Eleanor first flees to a mall, where she is found by a Delacroy agent but escapes. She then drives to find a pay phone so that she can call Dobbs for help. She manages to reach him but is not able to communicate anything before the Delacroy agent's truck crashes into the phone booth; she escapes just before the collision but is still injured and is hospitalized a second time. Dobbs goes to the scene, and though he cannot understand what she is trying to say, he is convinced that she was telling the truth about the election. During the Weekend Update section of the sketch comedy tv show Saturday Night Live, he finally announces to the public that the elections were flawed and that he should not be President-elect. Dobbs declines to accept victory in a phony election, and another election is held in which Dobbs chooses not to participate. President Kellogg wins another term, though, perhaps chastened by the Dobbs phenomenon, is much more sensitive to the populace as a whole rather than the special interests, and Dobbs returns to his career as a talk-show host, with Eleanor at his side as his producer and wife. The executives of Delacroy were convicted of fraud. The last seconds of the film shows a mock TIME magazine Person of the Year cover with Dobbs chosen as Person of the Year, whereas in usual circumstances, TIME always awards that honor to the winner of the presidential election.
tt0785006
Comedy,Family
Siblings Andi (Emma Roberts) and Bruce (Jake T. Austin) are orphans, and they live with wannabe rock-star foster parents Lois and Carl Scudder (Lisa Kudrow and Kevin Dillon). Due to the foster parents awful treatment, the kids and their beloved dog Friday (who is hidden from the foster parents) spend their days on the streets. To get money for food for themselves and the dog they deceive a pawn shop, but are caught. Their social worker Bernie (Don Cheadle) reprimands them, but helps them to minimize the damage. One day while out on the streets as usual, they witness a store being robbed. The police seeing the two kids standing nearby accuse them as being the robbers and here starts a silly chase all over town. The kids eventually hide in an old abandoned hotel but are spooked when they hear footsteps and chairs falling over. They discover the hotel is occupied by two dogs. The following day the kids gather up all the food from their foster parents' pantry and refrigerator and secretly take the food to the hotel for the dogs. That's when they get the idea to turn the hotel into a home for the three dogs and any other strays they can find. They are joined by a boy named Dave (Johnny Simmons), a girl named Heather (Kyla Pratt), (both of whom work at a pet store) and later by a kid who lives nearby named Mark (Troy Gentile). The kids rescue about 20 or so dogs. Bruce invents and constructs many ingenious machines using parts he steals from his foster parents, to help feed the dogs and provide sanitary facilities, exercise and entertainment for them. The dogs are quick in learning how to use the machines. Later on Bernie announces to them they can move from the foster home they hate to a new one that is a few hours away. Even though this may be their last chance to be placed in a foster home together, they decline as they care too much about the dogs to abandon them, but they cannot tell Bernie this reason because they might be forbidden to continue their care for the dogs. One night while Andi and Dave are at a party (which turns into a disaster when Andi ends up getting punch on her dress, causing her to leave the party in tears) and Bruce is at his foster parents being reprimanded for a hair dryer he stole from them, the machines fail and the dogs go wild and cause so much noise that the police are called. The dogs are taken to a pound and Bruce and Andi's foster parents kick them out for stealing. As predicted, they are sent to separate foster homes. The pound prepares to euthanize the dogs, but Friday escapes and finds Dave. The two reunite all of the kids and they decide to save the dogs despite the fact that they are going to get in big trouble. They break the dogs out of the pound and try to lead them over the county line (Bruce tempting them to follow the van with sausages) to an animal shelter that has a no kill policy, but as the dogs get close to the hotel, they make a bee line there instead as that is their 'home'. The kids and a massive crowd of people follow. The police call Animal Control who tries to take them back,. Bernie having seen what the kids did, makes a speech in favor of the dogs for the kids rescued so many strays and gave them a home which is something he had been trying to do with the kids he dealt with. (When he introduces the two twin dogs, Viola and Sebastian, this makes reference to the play, "Twelfth Night". The characters Viola and Sebastian are twins in the play. And the dogs Romeo and Juliet are mates). With donations from the people of the city, the hotel is fixed up and turned into an actual hotel for dogs. The kids all work there. Lois and Carl Scudder are 'howling' good entertainment for the dogs in the lounge and Bernie and his wife end up adopting Andi, Bruce, and Friday.
tt0379865
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Clooney plays Dodge Connolly, captain of a struggling professional American Football team during the 1920s, the Duluth Bulldogs. Dodge is determined to save both his team and pro football in general when the players lose their sponsor and the league is on the brink of collapse. He convinces a college football star, Carter "the Bullet" Rutherford, to join the Bulldogs, hoping to capitalize on Carter's fame as a decorated hero of the First World War (like Alvin York, he singlehandedly captured a large group of German soldiers). In addition to his legendary tales of combat heroism, Carter has dashing good looks and unparalleled speed and skill on the field. As a result of his presence, both the Bulldogs and pro football in general begin to prosper. Zellweger provides a romantic interest as Chicago newspaper reporter Lexie Littleton, who becomes the object of the affections of both Dodge and Carter. One knows but the other doesn't that Lexie has been assigned to find proof that Carter's war heroics are bogus. Indeed, Carter confesses that the surrender of the Germans was a lucky accident and in no way heroic. Meanwhile, Dodge's attempts to legitimize pro football start to backfire, as rules are formalized, taking away much of the improvisational antics that made the game fun for many of its players. With his own playing career near an end, Dodge gets to play in one last big game. This time it will be against Carter, who has changed sides to the Chicago team. Their rivalry for Lexie's affection spills over onto the football field for one last day.
tt1127896
Biography,Comedy,Drama
A generation began in his backyard. From Academy Award-winning director Ang Lee (Brokeback Mountain, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon), comes Taking Woodstock, a new comedy inspired by the true story of Elliot Tiber (Demetri Martin) and his family, who inadvertently played a pivotal role in making the famed Woodstock Music and Arts Festival into the happening that it was. Its 1969, and Elliot Tiber, a down-on-his-luck interior designer in Greenwich Village, New York, has to move back upstate to help his parents run their dilapidated Catskills motel, The El Monaco. The bank's about to foreclose, his father wants to burn the place down but hasn't paid the insurance, and Elliot is still figuring how to come out to his parents. When Elliot hears that a neighboring town has pulled the permit on a hippie music festival, he calls the producers, thinking he could drum up some much-needed business for the motel. Three weeks later, half a million people are on their way to his neighbor's farm in White Lake, NY, and Elliot finds himself swept up in a generation-defining experience that would change his life, and American culture, forever. [D-Man2010]
tt0433386
Horror,Thriller
This synopsis is given in chronological order, rather than the order in which the events happen in the film. Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar) and Aubrey (Amber Tamblyn) Davis' sick mother (Joanna Cassidy) sends Aubrey to Japan to bring her sister home since she is unable to do so on her own, given her current medical condition. Aubrey goes to the hospital in Japan, but initially couldn't see her sister due to the language barrier between the nurses (Yôko Chôsokabe, Kayoko Toda and Shuri Matsuda) and herself. Eason (Edison Chen), a journalist who pulled Karen from the fire in the previous film happens to be at the desk and translates for her. Karen is at first unsure of Aubrey, but once convinced, she repeatedly asks her sister to get her out of the hospital. Orderlies strap Karen down to the bed, and when Aubrey leaves the room, her sister whispers, "Aubrey, don't go in that house." The lights flicker in Karen's room. She struggles to get free when a hand grabs her right arm. Karen manages to get free and escape the guard and orderlies. After passing a group of medical staff and seeing Kayako, she ends up trapped in a hallway. The lights go out one by one, Kayako staggering towards her with the death rattle. Karen manages to get away and on to the roof of the hospital. She hears the death rattle once more and backs away to the edge of the roof. Kayako (Takako Fuji) pulls Karen over the edge in time for Aubrey and Eason, who are leaving the hospital, to see her land in front of them dead. A horrified Aubrey collapses, while Eason sees Kayako clutching Karen's corpse. Later, while Eason is in his apartment, he watches one of his interviews with Detective Nakagawa (Ryo Ishibashi) about the original family murder-suicide of the first film. When Eason rewinds and slows the tape down, he is able to hear Kayako's signature death rattle and see her face in the door. He shuts off the television and sees the reflection of Kayako, but when he turns around, she isn't there. Eason goes over to Karen's apartment to see Aubrey. They talk and Eason explains Karen's behavior, only because he himself feels it. He knows the fire didn't solve the curse, but made it worse. They go to the cursed house, and Eason tells Aubrey to stay outside the gate. Inside, Eason finds the closet, and inside there is nothing but Kayako's childhood diary. An unseen force flips it to a page with an eye. Outside, Aubrey hears Karen's voice asking her not to enter the house, but she does when Toshio's hand grabs her arm and pulls her in. Eason comes down and they leave. Eason calls a friend who is more knowledgeable of folklore to understand Kayako's diary. They find out her mother was able to heal people by removing inhabiting evil spirits and feeding them to her daughter Kayako. Aubrey and Eason find a matching photograph and drawing of a traditional archway outside the house where she grew up. The pair spend some time together at Eason's apartment, and when Aubrey falls asleep, he goes into his darkroom to look at pictures he took of the house's exterior. He notices a dark mass in one and develops another, an enlargement of that area. As it develops, the dark mass grows and the chemicals turn black. Kayako's head slowly comes out, and then leaps out and grabs him. Aubrey wakes up in the morning and finds herself alone. She goes into the darkroom and finds the picture, then notices Eason's body in the corner. She embraces Eason's lifeless body, but he becomes Kayako and his arms wrap around her. Aubrey runs away as all the pictures in the darkroom show Kayako's face. Aubrey takes a train and then a bus to Kayako's home. A man on the bus plays peekaboo with some unseen child, but Aubrey doesn't notice it's Toshio's (Ohga Tanaka) reflection. She goes to the house and finds Kayako's mother, Mrs. Kawamata, (Kim Miyori) who says that although she fed evil spirits to her daughter to heal others, she did not make Kayako what she is now. She explains that the events are not about the house, but making others suffer the way she suffered; there is no way to stop it. She then realizes that Aubrey had brought Kayako with her, and Mrs. Kawamata dies. Aubrey leaves and returns to the cursed house. She calls home and tells her mother Karen is dead. When her mother accuses her of not being "able to do anything on her own," Aubrey tells her she loves her, but her mother has to stop talking to her like that and says goodbye. She goes into the house and sees Karen go upstairs, calling for Doug. Aubrey follows her. Then suddenly, the house appears like what it was when Kayako lived in it. She then sees Takeo (Takashi Matsuyama) reading Kayako's diary.As Kayako turns to run away, her ankle snaps and she crawls down the stairs, but is caught by Takeo who snaps her neck. Comparison flashbacks from Kayako's death show exactly how she was murdered, and Aubrey is able to understand the pain Kayako went through as she shows her how she became evil. Allison (Arielle Kebbel) is a new student at the international high school in Tokyo, where she meets popular students Vanessa (Teresa Palmer) and Miyuki (Misako Uno). Allison is desperate to make friends so she tries to talk to them, despite Miyuki thinking that Allison has been at their school for only three weeks and Vanessa laughing at her uniform. They eventually decide to take Allison to the Saeki House in order to play a prank on her. While there, Allison and Vanessa head upstairs but Miyuki sees the bath where Toshio was drowned and backs away as something sinister stirs submerged. Vanessa then tells Miyuki to follow her upstairs, Miyuki wants to leave but Vanessa then accuses her of befriending Allison and Miyuki chooses to keep her popularity by doing what Vanessa says. The two girls then tell Allison of the Saeki murders and then convince her to enter the closet Kayako and Toshio's body was stored in, lying by telling her that they have been the only girls brave enough to enter. Allison, thinking that if she does what they say then they will become her friends, enters the closet and the two other girls force then door closed while she is inside. The idea was to take a picture of Allison's frightened face and show their fellow classmates, humiliating her. After Allison screams, the other girls try to open the door but can't as a mysterious force seems to be holding it shut, and Allison is unable to exit the closet until she sees Toshio, who utters his cat-cry, and then Kayako emerges from the attic. Allison screams in horror and Vanessa runs from the house, Miyuki close behind. Allison manages to escape from the closet and follows the other two out. Later, Allison is in class when she feels Toshio's cat brushing between her legs. She then senses human hands on her thighs. Pushing her supplies forward on her desk, she peers under her desk to find Toshio curled in a ball at her feet. As she jumps up, she realizes that he is not there, causing her to be embarrassed in front of her fellow classmates. As she sits down, she notices Toshio's cat proceeding to a very exhausted looking Miyuki sitting at her desk, Miyuki feels the cat touch her but doesn't make a large scene about it and the two then exchange nervous glances. After they return to school, all three girls deal with hauntings from Toshio, his cat, and Kayako. After gym class, Vanessa humiliates Allison about taking a trip to the school shrink in front of the other girls. As Allison leaves, Vanessa begins taking a shower in which Kayako haunts Vanessa in a fashion similar to the somewhat iconic scene in The Grudge, Vanessa then sees a ghostly image of Kayako in the locker room that frightens her, causing her to urinate on herself. Miyuki leaves school for an afternoon rendezvous with her boyfriend Michael (Shaun Sipos) at a love hotel. While Michael is in the shower, Miyuki removes her jacket and hair clip before she sits on the large double bed and finds his condom. She gets under the covers waiting for Michael. She then feels something grabbing her beneath the covers. She wriggles and laughs, thinking it is Michael. When she looks towards the bathroom, she sees that Michael is still in the shower, meaning that something else is beneath the covers. Miyuki backs away in terror toward the mirror behind her. Suddenly, her reflection changes into Kayako who then emerges from the mirror and grabs Miyuki, pulling her within the mirror. Michael returns to an empty bedroom. Vanessa and Allison are later interviewed by the school counselor (Eve Gordon) over the events surrounding Miyuki's disappearance and their trip to the haunted house. Allison is overcome and shouts at Vanessa, blaming her for making her go to that house. Vanessa heartlessly tells her that she wanted to come and Allison bursts into tears and leaves followed by the school counselor, while Vanessa is told to wait in her office. She texts Miyuki, wondering where she is. She waits for the counselor to come back and fiddles with pens and the light. She looks down and notices the lamp is unplugged, but as she goes to plug it in again, she sees Toshio's legs as he runs in front of the desk. The phone starts to vibrate from a call, and as she goes to pick up the phone, she feels Toshio's legs instead on the desk. She cries out in shock and gets out from under the desk, frightened, and picks up the call. Instead of Miyuki, it is Toshio on the other line. Vanessa runs out from school grounds to a phone booth and calls Miyuki. All she hears is the death rattle and Toshio grabs her legs, while she is consumed and killed by Kayako's long black hair. Allison is again called to the counselor's office, where she reveals her belief that she and anyone who enters the Saeki house have been cursed and will be hunted down and killed by Kayako. The counselor reveals that she went to the house with the police, making Allison believe that she will be Kayako's next victim. The counselor begins acting towards Allison as if she is being stupid. When Allison mentions Miyuki and Vanessa being killed, the counselor smiles and tells her that they are right next to her. The ghosts of Miyuki and Vanessa then appear on either side of Allison (with pale white skin and black rings around their eyes like Kayako and Toshio), glaring angrily at her. Allison screams and falls to the floor. The counselor then turns into a ghost as well and advances on Allison making a loud moaning noise. Allison, completely horrified, runs out of the room screaming. In Chicago, Bill Kimble (Christopher Cousins) has recently married a woman named Trish (Jennifer Beals), and is moving into the apartment he shares with his daughter Lacey (Sarah Roemer) and son Jake (Matthew Knight). While Lacey and her friend Sally (Jenna Dewan) are friendly with Trish, Jake is distant. The young boy is troubled when the child of his neighbors, the Flemings, moves back in after going insane. At night, he is awakened by a series of loud knockings from the Flemings apartment. Curious, he follows one of the apartments tenants and sees the person, who is wearing a hooded sweatshirt, getting old newspapers from the trash. When the person turns around to leave, Jake hides behind an object. He then notices two pairs of feet following the person out the basement. Jake looks out, only to see that there is no one behind the person. After Bill leaves for work, Jake and Lacey leave for school, and Jake notices that all of the windows in the Flemming's apartment are covered with newspaper. Bill, doubting his wife's fidelity, returns home unexpectedly, under the pretense of having forgotten his keys, only to find Trish on the phone with a coworker she identifies as Nate. It is revealed, that Bill is squeezing his keys so hard that they cut his hands, though Trish doesn't notice. After school, Lacey decides to show off her cheerleader outfit to Sally, who appears ill (presumably due to the curse). Sally drinks then regurgitates milk. Lacey returns home to find Jake shivering in his closet, afraid because Trish and Bill have been fighting. Jake is again awakened by pounding on the walls, and upon investigation discovers his sweatshirt-wearing neighbor is a young woman, who is banging her arm on the wall as she furiously cuts her own hair. After seeing the ghostly eyes of Vanessa and Miyuki staring in the window, Jake returns home and spends the night with his sister. That night Toshio appears by Sally's bed as she dies after a too large intake of milk. The next morning, after Trish listens to the banging from next door, she begins to make breakfast in a trance. Bill, all this time having been influenced by the spirit of Takeo, accuses her of having an affair, but she does not respond. After Bill criticizes her for burning the bacon, Trish pours the oil from the pan onto his head before killing him with a blow to the head. Lacey and Jake return home to a dark and messy apartment, while the banging from next door continues. As his sister looks for Bill and Trish, Jake discovers his father's body. Searching for Lacey, Jake finds that she has been drowned in the tub. As he hears Trish calling his name, Jake pulls back the shower curtain to find nothing. An already dead Trish appears in the tub, telling him it's time for his bath, before Toshio pulls her under the water. As Jake is fleeing his apartment, he hears screams from the Flemings' apartment. The girl in the sweatshirt turns out to be Allison, haunted by Vanessa and Miyuki, from the school in Tokyo. Jake accuses her of bringing something back with her which caused his family's death, and she confirms that "they" have followed her to Chicago. Allison sees Kayako climbing down the hallway stairs, and Jake shortly after sees Toshio inside the hood of Allison's sweat shirt. Kayako's hands emerge from the hood and pull Allison into her clothing, her body disappearing into it. Jake reaches for the sweatshirt as a ghostly hand grasps his arm; Kayako then rises from the hood and lurches towards him as the movie ends.
tt0765476
Adventure,Comedy,Family
In a New York City apartment a young boy named Josh Morrison (Austin Lynd Myers) watches through his telescope an approaching object coming from the sky. It is a baseball-sized metal ball which flies through the window of his room. He keeps it and shows it at school in a science class presentation. Some months later, on Liberty Island a massive fireball crash lands. The fireball is actually a Human sized spaceship (Eddie Murphy). It is controlled by 100 aliens, each one inch tall. Its captain (also played by Murphy and looking like Dave) pilots the spaceship along with his crew from inside its head. For people the spaceship seems fairly human, but odd and with superpowers. A superstitious cop named Officer Dooley (Scott Caan) is desperately searching for the ship. The aliens are seeking a way to save their planet, Nil, from an energy crisis. For that they need salt, which they plan to produce by draining the Earth's Oceans using the metal ball, so they have to recover it. Through a car accident in which the spaceship is hit by the car of Josh's single mother Gina Morrison (Elizabeth Banks), the spaceship befriends Gina and Josh, telling them its name is Dave MingChang and sees the ball on a photograph. Josh tells him that is was taken from him by a bully. Directed to him by Josh, Dave takes the metal ball back from the bully. The Captain spends time with Josh and Gina, and realizes that humans are more advanced than they thought, having feelings and love. He decides to cancel the plan of draining the oceans, because of the damage to the Earth. Number 2 (the second in command on the spaceship) disagrees, takes over command, and imprisons the captain (Number 1). Commander Number 3 (Gabrielle Union) is secretly in love with Number 1 and becomes jealous of Gina. She first cooperates in the change of command, but later agrees with Number 1. Number 1 and Number 3 are both expelled from the spaceship, but manage to reenter it and convince the crew that the captain should become in charge again. In the meantime one crew member, Number 17 (Kevin Hart) drunk from the alcoholic drink Dave has taken, takes a pretty female crew member and jumps out. Meanwhile, The Number 1 apologizes to Number 3 for ignoring her. He admits that he does love her and wants to be with her. Back at the police station, Dooley discovers Number 17 in his coffee and steals him to find out information from him. The police know from the impression of Dave's face in the dirt on the crash site what he looks like, and they arrest him for investigation. Dave breaks out, and the police try to arrest him again. Josh is at the scene and recharges Dave, who runs out of power, using a taser he takes from a police officer. The ball, thrown in the ocean by Number 2, is retracted. The captain orders Number 2 to be stuck in the ship's "butt" forever. The crew member who is with the police officer is allowed to enter Dave, and its rocket powered shoe with all crew leaves Earth. While in the ship, the Captain tells Number 3 that he will need a new "Number 2" and they kiss. During the end credits, the aliens dance to Shining Star by Earth, Wind and Fire.
tt0838232
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The film begins in England. At a local museum, a tour guide is showing a group to the Magna Carta. When they arrive, they see that the Magna Carta is missing. The only thing left is a card that says: "The Tornado." In Italy, a monk is showing people where the Shroud of Turin is stored in the church, only to discover that it to has been stolen. There is a card that reads: "Il Tornado (The Tornado)." In Japan, the police arrive after discovering that an artifact has been stolen from a museum. Again, there is a card that reads "The Tornado" in Japanese. Finally, we arrive in France. Chief Inspector Dreyfus (John Cleese) arrives at the office of the head of Government. The governor of France informs Inspector Dreyfus that England, Italy, and Japan are assembling a dream team of detectives to help recover the stolen treasures, but they will need help from other nations. This includes France. Inspector Dreyfus assumes that he is the detective that will represent France, but is disappointed when the Governor tells him that Clouseau has been chosen to lead the dream-team since he has been considered the greatest detective in France, after recovering the Pink Panther diamond. Dreyfus calmly gets up and steps into the bathroom. Moments later, he begins throwing a fit about Clouseau. He returns to the Governor's office and says that Clouseau cannot be assigned to the dream-team, because he already has an important job. It turns out; this "important job" is nothing of that sort. Inspector Jacques Clouseau (Steve Martin) is simply a parking officer, in charge of leaving tickets and such. When he sees that a car is parked only little ways from a parking meter, Clouseau writes up a ticket. The driver arrives and feels that the ticket isn't needed, gets in his car and tries to drive away. Clouseau won't have it and chases the car so he can hand the ticket to the driver. As he tries to stick his hand through the window, the driver rolls up the window and crushes Clouseau's hand, but Clouseau won't give up, even though the car is now dragging him. When Clouseau demands that the driver stop the car, the driver slams on the brakes and sends Clouseau flying through the air and past the Eiffel Tower. We are then treated to an animated opening credits sequence. After the opening credits, we see Inspector Dreyfus arrive at his office where a new security system has been installed to protect France's greatest artifact, The Pink Panther diamond. Inspector Dreyfus tells his assistant that Clouseau has been assigned to the Dream Team. Before the assistant can question him, Clouseau arrives. Inspector Dreyfus is clearly jealous as Clouseau shows off his medal that the Mayor of France had given him for recovering the Pink Panther. As Inspector Dreyfus is about to speak about The Dream Team, Clouseau lunges his pen at a security camera and then another, and then he cuts a hole in Inspector Dreyfus' portrait and removes the recording equipment which is part of the security system. Soon, the police arrive and attack Inspector Dreyfus, thinking he is a criminal. They demand to know the password. Thankfully, Clouseau has the password and the police leave. The password was "Hamdburger" but Inspector Dreyfus pronounces the word "Hamburger" instead which results in an argument about the pronunciation of the password. After the argument, Inspector Dreyfus wonders how Clouseau knew the password. It turns out that Clouseau has a special system installed into his medal, all he has to do is type in certain things and the password is revealed. He also shows off his tape-recorder/pen. Inspector Dreyfus tells Clouseau that he has been assigned to the Dream Team, but Clouseau feels that he should stay behind because of the recent thefts and he fears that the Pink Panther will be stolen next. Inspector Dreyfus says that he is guarding the Pink Panther. Clouseau still argues with him, before Inspector Dreyfus says that he is giving him an order. Clouseau, never going against direct orders, agrees to the plan with a firm salute. Back at Clouseau's office, Clouseau is packing for the trip when his secretary, Nicole (Emily Mortimer) arrives. Nicole is disappointed when she sees Clouseau's plane tickets for Japan, and wonders when he will return. Clouseau says he doesn't know when he will return, which upsets Nicole. Clouseau says that he can't stay in contact with Nicole, and says that, for awhile, they must forget each other and that one night they had spent together. Cut to six months (or weeks) ago, Nicole and Clouseau are in Rome together at a restaurant called "La Plata de Nada." It seems they are just out for dinner for business only, and don't think that any romance will happen. Clouseau leaves the table to select a wine, but only manages to send a dozen wine bottles flying all over the place, nearly hitting customers and sending the place into chaos. Things only get worse when Clouseau sets the restaurant on fire. By some twist of fate, it sparks a romance between Nicole and Clouseau. Back in the present, Nicole and Clouseau agree to forget that night and each other for the time being. They attempt to hug goodbye, but are caught off guard when Clouseau's fellow detective and friend, Gilbert Ponton (Jean Reno), arrives to fetch Clouseau. When they go to the car, Clouseau says that he is ready to drive, and Ponton agrees but seems a bit skeptical. For awhile, the car ride goes well. Until, Clouseau decides to discuss his relationship with Nicole and accidentally lets go of the wheel. Leaving an extremely nervous Ponton to take control of the wheel and assure Clouseau that everything will work out. When they arrive at the airport, Ponton mentions that his anniversary with his wife is coming up and says that things haven't been going well between them. Ponton says they had argued about his work, because Ponton seems to put it before his family. Clouseau tells Ponton to not give into his wife's nagging and continue to put his work first. Ponton and Clouseau say goodbye, but just as Clouseau steps over the yellow tape, the Pink Panther is suddenly stolen. Clouseau remains in France, and the Dream Team is flown in. When Clouseau arrives at the scene of the crime, he sees Nicole but pretends not to know her, which makes Ponton wonder. Ponton and Nicole follow Clouseau where they meet the Dream Team. There is: Miles Pepperidge from England, Vincenzo from Italy and Kenji from Japan. It seems that Clouseau has a hard time pronouncing Vincenzo's full name, which makes Vincenzo a bit annoyed. It also seems that Vincenzo is smitten with Nicole. As Pepperidge begins to deduct the crime scene, Clouseau tries to outdo him, which results in an argument. Soon, the Dream Team adds another member named Sonia; she is a second-rate detective from India and very alluring. Nicole can't help but notice the attraction between Sonia and Clouseau. Later on, Vincenzo admits to Clouseau that he is attracted to Nicole, Clouseau, remembering to protect Nicole, says he isn't interested in Nicole because she is drab and disgusting. Vincenzo disagrees and walks away from Clouseau. As everyone is setting out to leave, Clouseau refers to Kenji as his "little yellow friend." Kenji seems highly offended. Clouseau is sent to the team's etiquette teacher, Mrs. Berenger (Lily Tomlin). Berenger tells Clouseau that he shouldn't have called Kenji that. When Clouseau asks why, Berenger informs him that it is a stereotype. Clouseau seems to shrug it off. In an effort to break Clouseau of his stereotypical remarks, Berenger turns the conversation towards women. She asks Clouseau to pretend that she is a sensual woman with exposed cleavage, and says that Clouseau's expression during the charade must remain neutral. Berenger pretends she is picking up a pencil, but by the end of it, Clouseau looks a bit horny. Clouseau says to Berenger that he likes her. Click Here! At the airport, everyone arrives at Vincenzo's private jet. When the team wonders about the pilot, Vincenzo says that he is the pilot. Vincenzo says that he wants Nicole to be his co-pilot, and Nicole agrees. Aboard the jet, Clouseau watches as Vincenzo and Nicole flirt with each other. Sonia, however, has intentions of flirting with Clouseau, and tries to convince him that Nicole is most likely interested in younger men like Vincenzo. Sonia also admits to Clouseau that she is more interested in older men, like Clouseau. Nicole turns her head and sees Sonia and Clouseau getting chummy, Vincenzo speaks of what Clouseau had said to him about Nicole being drab and disgusting. Offended by Clouseau, Nicole begins to drift away from him and closer to Vincenzo. The team arrives in Rome to see one of the suspects, Alonzo Avellaneda, a blacksmith who is often associated with The Tornado. Clouseau tells Nicole that he is going to sneak around, but Nicole doesn't seem to mind him. As the Dream Team interviews Avellaneda, they can see on the security monitors that Clouseau is making a complete fool of himself. In an effort to keep Avellaneda distracted, the Dream Team keeps hitting him with questions. They even force him to remove his shirt, as the Tornado is known to have a bullet wound in his right shoulder. Pepperidge examines both of the shoulder blades, but can see no sign of the wound. Clouseau then makes his entrance by sliding down the chimney and accusing Avellaneda. Later on, Pepperidge, Vincenzo, and Kenji are outside with Clouseau and trying to convince him that Avellaneda is not The Tornado because he has no wound. Clouseau suggests that perhaps Avellaneda had plastic surgery to cover it up. Seeing no sense in arguing, the Dream Team, Clouseau, Ponton and Nicole pack up and leave the home. Avellaneda gives the all-clear, and the real Tornado steps out of a room. As the Tornado goes by the window, he says that he once knew one of the detectives but he won't say whom. Clouseau gets a tip that Avellanda and a lady-friend will be dining at La Plata De Nada that night. So, Ponton and Clouseau watch the restaurant from across the street, they have already planted a bug under Avellanda's table so they can hear the conversation. However, Clouseau is taken by surprise when he sees Nicole and Vincenzo at the restaurant together and being very friendly with one another. Fearing that Nicole is cheating, Clouseau tells Ponton that they have to move the bug over to Nicole and Vincenzo's table. Ponton wonders how they could manage that. Clouseau sees one of the dancers for the restaurants entertainment is going through the back door; he attacks him and steals his costume. Since the costume includes a mask, nobody recognizes Clouseau. While making the effort to move the bug, Clouseau's dancing causes trouble and he, once again, manages to burn down the restaurant. Once outside, after the fire, Ponton points out Nicole to Clouseau. Nicole takes one look at Clouseau, and begins to cough; Vincenzo who escorts her off the premises comforts her. Clouseau seems highly disappointed. Later in the night, The Tornado sneaks into the Papal Palace and steals the Pope's ring as he sleeps. The next morning, the Dream Team arrives at the Papal Palace and the Italian reporters question Pepperidge. After dealing with the press, the Dream Team goes to see the Pope. Vincenzo kisses the Pope's hand and assures him that he will find the ring and return it to him. The Pope tells him to have a seat, but Clouseau steals the seat. Clouseau begins to make assumptions that perhaps the Pope himself stole the ring to gain money, but the Pope denies the accusation. In order to investigate, Clouseau thinks he should place himself in the Pope's position. Literally. After dressing in the Pope's robes, Clouseau steps onto the balcony but ends up tumbling off it. Making him the center of the news. The Dream Team travel back to France but Clouseau gets an unexpected surprise when Pontons two boys, Antoine and Louis, attack him. Clouseau tries to show the boys how to do a surprise attack, by attacking a sleeping Ponton. However, Clouseau is the one taken by surprise when Ponton kicks him and sends him crashing into the coffee table. Soon after, their mother picks up Antoine and Louis, Ponton seems upset as he kisses his sons goodbye. Clouseau tries to cheer him up and tells him that he should be happy to be a bachelor again. He asks Ponton how they should celebrate singlehood. Of course, both being middle-age men, the only fun thing they are able to do is shampoo each other's hair. Clouseau reads the shampoo bottle but has a hard time pronouncing the name of the shampoo, Ponton tells him the correct pronunciation. They find the actual Shampoo brand name amusing, and make a song about it. Only seconds later does Ponton decide that he has to go back to his wife and sons. Clouseau says that work should always come first, but Ponton disagrees and says that he now realizes that love and family should come before work with no expectations. Ponton says that when you are in love, that you may not even know it, he uses Nicole and Clouseau as an example. Ponton says that he knows that Clouseau loves Nicole but refuses to see it; he says that when a man loves a woman than the man should be able to know everything about the woman. When Clouseau doesn't respond, Ponton begins to leave but Clouseau suddenly speaks about Nicole. He says that Nicole loves the smell of Vanilla and that she loves her cats Wendy and Louise (there was a third cat, but I forgot its name), he also says that Nicole is the most beautiful woman in the world but she doesn't believe it. Ponton asks Clouseau why he never tells Nicole that she is beautiful, Clouseau admits that if he tells Nicole that she is beautiful then she will leave him. Wanting to be consoled, Clouseau hugs Ponton. Unfortunately, Ponton is left with a big shampoo smudge on his cheek. At the main headquarters, Vincenzo and Kenji and Pepperidge are extremely angry about Clouseau's stunt at the Papal Palace. Sonia says that she likes Clouseau and wants to keep him on the case, but the boys disagree. With a show of hands, Clouseau is voted off the team. Clouseau arrives and raises his hand when he sees that the boys have their hands raised. Vincenzo informs Clouseau that they were just voting Clouseau off the team. Upset, Clouseau returns to his office later but finds Sonia there as well. It turns out, that Nicole has quit and Sonia was just cleaning out her things. Seeing that Clouseau is extremely vulnerable, Sonia takes advantage and says that she knows how it feels to be rejected. Clouseau peeks his head out of the office to be sure that Mrs. Berenger is nowhere to be found; afterwards he goes back to Sonia and says that she is "sexy" and extremely attractive. Clouseau and Sonia share a hug and Nicole walks in on them, but becomes upset and leaves. Berenger pops her head inside of the office and says that she wants to see Clouseau soon. Later on, the Dream Team is on the scene of a suicide, the Tornado's suicide. Clouseau arrives, apparently ignoring that he has been kicked off the team. The others say that he should leave because the case has been closed because of the Tornado killing himself. Clouseau wants to see the stolen artifacts and Kenji shows him the crates that are filled with the artifacts. Clouseau is worried when he can't see the Pink Panther. Pepperidge tells him that it was the only thing they couldn't recover. Clouseau tells everyone that the case won't be closed because the real Tornado hasn't been caught. Everyone tries to convince him, Sonia evens reads a suicide note written in the Tornado's hand. Clouseau says that until the Pink Panther has been recovered, then the case is still unsolved. Seeing no sense in arguing with their team member, the Dream Team attends a press conference and announces that the case is officially closed, but Clouseau makes his opinion known. Clouseau is angered when Vincenzo says that the real thief is Nicole, because she has stolen Vincenzo's heart. The press finds this romantic, but Clouseau doesn't seem amused. Later on at a banquet to celebrate the Dream Team's success, Clouseau has been placed on parking duty again. Nicole goes outside and brings Clouseau something to eat, and Clouseau thanks her. Nicole, no longer able to control her anger, confronts Clouseau about why he called her drab and disgusting. Clouseau says he was only doing it to protect her and that he really believes she is beautiful. Nicole, upset and confused, runs back inside. Sonia pulls up in her rental car and informs Clouseau that she is leaving France; Clouseau bids her farewell as Sonia steps inside to join the others. As Clouseau stands outside, he sees the license plate on the back of Sonia's rental car, and realizes the truth. He runs inside and takes Inspector Dreyfus aside and says that he knows where the Pink Panther is. The Dream Team watches from afar as they see Inspector Dreyfus arguing with Clouseau. Inspector Dreyfus returns to the table and says that Clouseau believes that the Tornado is really Sonia. The Dream Team laughs it off and, as a joke, try to figure out how Sonia could have done it. When they produce an actual theory, Nicole seems extremely suspicious. The others just think of it as a game, and don't believe Sonia is capable of stealing all those artifacts. Sonia gets up to leave but Nicole asks her to empty her purse, Vincenzo tells Nicole that it was only a game. Nicole says they should finish the game by letting Sonia empty her purse, now even the Dream Team is suspicious. Sonia pulls out a gun and holds it to Nicole; Clouseau arrives on the scene to stop Sonia. Sonia leads Pepperidge, Clouseau, Kenji, and Vincenzo on a chase through the building. They come to a hallway, Sonia pours gasoline all over the hallway and uses her gun to set the hall ablaze. The Dream Team and Clouseau manage to put out the fire, but manage to get covered with cake and flower after crashing with a few dessert trays. Sonia, in an effort to escape, shoots the Pink Panther and the sparks fly all over the building. As Sonia runs to escape, her head is dented when she bumps into a metal tray that was being held up by Ponton. Sonia is arrested, but everyone despairs because the Pink Panther has been destroyed. Clouseau calls in Antoine who is holding a case, which reveals the real Pink Panther diamond. Clouseau says that when he feared that the Pink Panther would be stolen, that he took the real Pink Panther and replaced it with a replica. Vincenzo observes Nicole and Clouseau, and realizes that he loves Nicole far too much to watch her suffer. Vincenzo tells Clouseau that Nicole loves him and that nothing happened the night that the restaurant was set on fire. Clouseau professes his love for Nicole and gets on one knee and proposes marriage. On the day of Nicole and Clouseau's wedding, the entire Dream Team (with the exception of Sonia) is present and Inspector Dreyfus is performing the ceremony. After the kiss, Clouseau tosses his pen again at a security camera and the police arrive again. They once again force Inspector Dreyfus for the password, but Clouseau's gadget has a glitch. Clouseau and Nicole rush away, and Nicole tosses her bouquet. In a surprise twist, Pepperidge catches the bouquet. The film ends as the ceremony goes into complete chaos with cake flying and machine guns going off. Suddenly, the animated Pink Panther enters the wedding room and winks at the camera. The end.
tt1385912
Comedy,Drama
The movie opens with a house number at the Indigo Club (Rock Steady by Aretha Franklin). Nightclub singer April (Taraji P. Henson) takes the stage with the microphone in one hand and a glass of liquor in the other. Although talented, it is clear April is troubled and heavily dependent upon liquor; and we soon discover why: April's personal life is in shambles. She is seeing a married man, Randy (Brian White), who announces he has child support problems, his wife is pregnant again and he basically detests kids. In addition, its clear Randy is very controlling but April has tolerated his controlling and abusive nature because he pays the bills. As April sings, we break away to Madeas (Tyler Perry) home. Madea has been awakened upstairs in the middle of the night to sounds of her downstairs window breaking. Madea goes to her brother Joe's (Tyler Perry again) room and tells him someone is breaking into the house. In a comic exchange, Joe begins to tell Madea she can handle the intruders and then remembers his weed is downstairs where the intruders are so he decides to help Madea by following her downstairs. Madea goes downstairs and discovers the intruders are three children: Jennifer (Hope Wilson), Manny (Kwesi Boakye) and Byron (Frederick Siglar). Although upset, Madea invites the children in to eat and discovers there are several problems. First, Jennifer is very angry and distrustful of people (important later), Manny is very friendly but very ill due to Diabetes and Byron doesn't speak (important later). Madea soon discovers the children are very hungry and theyve been alone for about a week. Their grandmother left one day and never returned. The children declare their mother has died and their next of kin is their Aunt April. Madea decides to take the children to their aunt, partially motivated by the desire to make sure they're taken care of and partially motivated by the desire to recover the sum of $300 for her broken window. Madea arrives at April's home with the children in tow. April sees the kids and freaks out, declaring she is not their mom and it is not her problem. Also, the presence of the kids would upset Randy who pays the bills but doesn't like children. Madea insists April handle this family responsibly. April takes the kids in but makes it clear they are not welcome. We soon discover April has no maternal instinct. She doesn't know how to comfort the kids who are distraught because their grandmother (Mama Rose) is missing. Madea leaves and April gets into a shouting match with Jennifer. Jennifer decides to leave but her siblings stay behind. Meanwhile, a young man named Sandino (Adam Rodriguez) approaches Pastor Brian (Marvin Winans) who is helping the needy on the front steps of the church in April's neighborhood. Sandino tells the minister he remembers Pastor Brian did some missionary work in his native country and now he is in America and is looking for a better life. Sandino says he wants to find work. Just as Pastor Brian is about to address Sandino's concerns, Jennifer runs toward the church steps at top speed. Apparently, she has stolen something and the shopkeeper is chasing her. Sandino catches Jennifer and Pastor Brian apologizes to the shopkeeper. Then, he instructs Miss Wilma (Gladys Knight), one of the church members to show Sandino around the church so he can do some handiwork. Subsequently, Pastor Brian takes Jennifer to her Aunt April's home. Pastor Brian explains Jennifer was caught shoplifting and April flips out. It turns out Jennifer was shoplifting needles for Mannys insulin shots. Although upset, April agrees to keep the kids until she finds her mother and the kids can go back to live with her. The Pastor then asks April to help out Sandino. April has a beautiful home she inherited but she refuses to fix it up (the house is also a metaphor for April's life: beautiful on the outside, but falling apart on the inside). The Pastor suggests that April allow Sandino to fix the walls and floors of the home in exchange for room and board. April reluctantly agrees. Sandino eventually moves in and April has two comedic requests: He must shave his long hair and he must lock himself in the basement at night. Sandino looks alarmed when April says she'll lock him in the basement because she doesn't know what kind of man he is. April suggests since hes a handyman, he should be handy at using tools to break out of the basement in case of a fire! Sandino reluctantly agrees to April's requests. He shaves and April discovers Sandino is strikingly handsome! The next few days are a period of transition for April's household and Randy is not happy. Randy, who has been coming over on a regular basis to sleep with April, discovers the kids are in the house. He flips out and shows how cruel and abusive he can be. He suggestively offers candy to Jennifer who refuses to take it. However, Jennifer's chubby mute brother, Byron, reaches for it and Randy almost breaks his arm. Then, Randy begins to insult Sandino by declaring Sandino must be illegal. Again, April tolerates Randy's mean-spirited, abusive behavior. Sandino proves himself to be a better man than Randy. He takes the high road and refuses to fight although Randy tries his best to corner Sandino. Where Randy is mean-spirited and cruel, Sandino is selfless and nurturing. When April complains the kids are keeping her up by playing soccer in the house (she sings at night and must sleep during the day), Sandino offers to take the kids outside and plays soccer with them. In addition, he buys insulin for Manny. Jennifer is suspicious and wants to know why Sandino is so kind to them. Sandino tells Jennifer she is doing a great job and she should expect good things in life. Jennifer disagrees saying she hasn't seen much kindness in the world but eventually, Jennifer softens up around Sandino. Eventually, a tragedy surfaces. Pastor Brian and Miss Wilma come by to visit April from the church. They reveal April's mom died and her body is at the county morgue. Apparently, April's mom was on a bus and had a Brain Aneurysm. No one noticed because it appeared she was sleeping on the bus. Her body was at the county morgue and when no one claimed her, she was cremated. Pastor Brian and Miss Wilma present April with an urn carrying her mother's ashes. April begins to sob uncontrollably and Sandino agrees with Pastor Brian that he should look after April. April goes upstairs to Randy who is sleeping in her bed. She climbs into bed crying and begins to hug Randy while he's sleeping in hope that he will wake up and comfort her about her mother passing. Randy wakes, briefly, only to shrug April off of him and scorn her. It is obvious that Randy couldn't care less about her. April rolls off the bed and goes down to the sofa, alone. As April sits on the sofa Sandino joins her and she reveals some of the history with her mom, whom April has had a love-hate, dysfunctional relationship with. When Jennifer was age 9, Jennifer's mom (also, April's sister) pimped Jennifer out for drugs. April and her mom had a fight a year ago over April helping care for the chidren after her sisters death and they stopped speaking thereafter. April tells Sandino her mom spent so much time caring for others, that she didn't care for herself hence why it is tragic that her mom died all alone on a bus. It is part of the reason why Jennifer is so mistrustful of people. April's mom came to the rescue again and again for the children. At that point, Sandino puts his arm around April's back and begins to comfort her. April begins to let down her guard but it is clear she is uncomfortable with Sandino so close due to her trust and self-esteem issues. They only break away when the kids come in. April asks where they've been and after Jennifer tells her they've been out looking for Mama Rose, she and Sandino break the news. The kids quickly move from denial and disbelief to an almost numb outlook on relationships. Jennifer tells Sandino they're fine and "people die." Soon after, April's bartender girlfriend Tanya (Mary J. Blige) at the Indigo Club tells her, April is an alcoholic with self-esteem issues that is why she is tolerating a married, abusive man in her life. She tells her she is selfish and should be ashamed. Tanya goes on to sing the title number "I Can Do Bad All By Myself," during which we see how who we come to understand to be Mama Rose seemingly fell asleep on the bus one morning, and never woke up. Later, April tries to tell Jennifer that even though she can't keep her, she'll find her a good foster home. Jennifer retorts with ending up like her Aunt April, selfish and only worried about herself since caring for others doesn't work out so well. April hangs her head and walks away out of shame and frustration. The next morning Sandino finds April in the kitchen, awake "early" fr her. He tells her not to sleep all day. Then Sandino takes April out for a paddleboat ride at the local park and tells her that he cares about her after she asks why he held her the way he did after she learned the fate of her mother. He tells her she's funny but hides her true and beautiful self behind a wall. He asks her why she puts up with Randy and if she loves him. April deflects a direct answer by saying Randy helps out and pays the bills. Sandino tells her that isn't love. He describes that "love is having someone who will be there with you thick or thin, right or wrong." Whether she accepted what he said or not, she ends their paddleboat ride. Sandino has been fixing up a spare room in the house and shows the kids and April the room and for the first time, Byron speaks, "my bed." Jennifer is notably upset asking him why he'd get their hopes up when April won't keep them. He tells her that April could change her mind. Jennifer forces her brothers to reject the room and April chastises Sandino for not giving her a heads up. He asks her why that matters when she'd obviously made it clear that she doesn't care about those kids. Sandino tries to wake up April for church that Sunday, only to be threatened with deportation by Randy who opens the bedroom door before April could wake up. Sandino goes to church without her. April wakes and gets dressed to go to church and Randy tries to stop her. She goes anyway, despite his protests. April finds her seat next to Sandino and the children. She takes heed to the message, especially the part when Pastor Brian describes the right person walking into one's life and bringing in a new light because they're worth waiting for. April pretends not to notice Sandino looking at her during that part of the sermon. Pastor Brian then sings a song to follow up his preaching, which breaks through April's tough cookie image and we see her reminiscing on pivotal moments of her recent experiences, good and bad. She sings along and Sandino is visibly supportive of her. Miss Wilma and Pastor Brian turn the song into a duet and finish off the church service. The drama within April's household comes to a head one night when Jennifer awakens to the sounds of Manny gasping for breath. Jennifer gets up and goes to the kitchen to prepare Manny's insulin injection. Jennifer is startled by Randy who is sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette in the dark. Randy begins to make sexually suggestive comments to Jennifer who rejects him and attempts to get by Randy to give her brother his insulin. Randy grabs Jennifer and attempts to rape her. In walks Sandino with a baseball bat. Sandino strikes Randy across the back with the bat and Randy goes down screaming. April awakens and comes downstairs. April sees Sandino beating Randy to a pulp and starts screaming at Sandino to stop. Sandino tells April that Randy was trying to rape Jennifer and April becomes upset. Randy denies it. Sandino repeatedly says Randy tried to rape Jennifer. Randy declares Jennifer came onto him and asked for money and Jennifer screams he is a liar. Randy asks April who she believes and Aprils states that she believes Randy. April then tells Randy to go draw a bath and she'll clean him up. Sandino and Jennifer stay down stairs shocked. April slowly makes her way upstairs while Randy bathes. She walks into the bathroom and asking him what really happened. Randy says Jennifer attempted to seduce me for money, it was her fault and begins to look relieved when he thinks April is buying the story. Randy closes his eyes in the tub and April leaves the bathroom only to return with a radio. April plugs in the radio while Randy is ranting about how those awful kids need to leave. April asks him to tell her the truth. Randy continues to lie. April knows he is lying so she drops the radio closer to the bathtub water inches at a time. April starts to scream at Randy that she knows he is lying because, that is exactly what her mother's boyfriend said about her when he molested April. That is one of the reasons why she had such a strained, dysfunctional relationship with her mother. Sandino hears the ruckus and runs upstairs to beg April not to drop it, "he isn't worth it!" Just as April releases the radio into the bathtub Randy leaps from the bathtub, only moments to spare. April leaves the room to go to the bar. Sandino gives him three minutes to get dressed and get out of the house. Afterwards, April goes to the Indigo Club and drinks heavily. A few minutes later, Sandino enters the establishment after April. He tells her not to feel guilty, she didn't do anything wrong. April says she feels guilty because she should have seen the signs that Randy was a child molester, spending too much time looking at Jennifer's body when she passed by him. April drinks heavily because she has feelings of anger over being molested and her mom knew but told her, 'What happens in this house, stays in this house.' Where she failed April, Mama Rose had cared for her grandchildren. April says her mother should have recognized the signs in her and now she is suspicious of men who take too much of an interest in kids. April begins to turn on Sandino. She accuses Sandino of being a possible child molester because he has spent so much time looking after the kids. She asks Sandino why he cares about the kids so much. Sandino gets angry and leaves the club. April storms out behind him and yells out that he must be a child molester. Sandino turns around and begins to scream at April, telling her she is ruining her life. She is afraid of getting close to people so she pushes them away with her hardened tough-girl attitude. In addition, Sandino reveals he has been alone since he was little. Both of his parents died long ago and he was forced into the drug trade as a kid in his native country. He wasn't cared for the way a child should be and that's why he cares for Jennifer and her brothers. Sandino leaves her there in her drunken stupor and she belligerently stumbles back into the club. When April gets home, she finds a thankful Jennifer who begs and barters to stay with her. She pleads her case that her brothers have no where else to go. Emotional, April stops her mid-speech to reveal that she needs the kids to stay and she wants to learn how to care for them. She sends the kids to their new room to sleep the rest of the night. Sandino sees Jennifer, Manny and Byron the next day and tells them he is going away because he fought with April. He promises to write and call them regularly. The kids embrace him. After Sandino left, Jennifer talks to April. They unpack some of Mama Rose's things and tells her that he is a good man and April shouldn't let him go. She has had so many reasons to be distrustful of people, especially those who were too nice to her. However, Sandino seems genuine. He has always looked out for Jennifer and protected her from Randy's advances. The mood lightens thanks to comical information about the bible Jennifer relays that she gained from Madea trying to teach her about prayer and faith. Through an open window in her kitchen, April can hear the church choir down the street, singing a song her mother loved and she remarks her mother always knew when to show up. April falls into chorus and sings what she can remember about the song, right there in her kitchen. We hear the voices of Miss Wilma and Pastor Brian singing as well. Sandino is at the church service and goes up to be prayed for. After church, Sandino returns to April's house and she tells him she wants him to stay and help her with the kids. She admits that she thinks she loves him. He has no words so April, in fear of being rejected, defaults to telling him she loves him as a friend. Sandino barks that she doesn't even love herself and he loves her more than she does. She scoffs, "like a buddy?" And he explains that he doesn't want to make love to his buddies. Sandino explains that he is in love with April. April, shocked, laments that she is not good with relationships and really doesn't know how to love or be loved. Sandino says he'll show her and they share an incredibly passionate kiss. Sometime later, Sandino and April marry, with Jennifer, Manny and Byron participating in the wedding. They exit the church to the wedding reception, which is a block party. Tanya takes the stage to sing in honor of the newlyweds, April especially.
tt0473308
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Jenna (Keri Russell), a waitress living in the American South (though the movie was actually shot in and around Canyon Country, California), is trapped in an unhappy marriage to a jealous, controlling, and abusive man named Earl (Jeremy Sisto). She works in Joe's Pie Diner, where her job includes creating the unique pies of her life, such as the "I Don't Want Earl's Baby" pie (aka Bad Baby pie) she invents after her unwanted pregnancy is confirmed. Jenna longs to run away from her dismal situation, and is hiding money to do so. Her only friends are Becky (Cheryl Hines) and Dawn (Adrienne Shelly), her fellow waitresses, and Joe (Andy Griffith), the curmudgeonly diner owner who encourages her to escape from her bad marriage and begin a new life elsewhere. Jenna's life changes dramatically after she meets her OB/GYN, Jim Pomatter (Nathan Fillion), a Connecticut transplant who has moved to the small town to accommodate his wife, who is completing her residency at the local hospital. Jenna and Jim embark on a passionate affair, and eventually Jenna thinks of him as not only her lover, but best friend as well. Jenna begins to keep a journal, addressing her thoughts to her unborn child. Between these entries and the various pies she creates, the audience witnesses her innermost hopes and dreams, concerns and fears, and slowly growing feelings for the baby she insisted she didn't want. Reluctant mother Jenna instantly falls in love with the baby girl she names Lulu. When Earl reminds Jenna of her promise earlier not to love the baby more than she does him, she gains the strength to tell him she hasn't loved him in years and will no longer put up with his possessive and abusive ways and wants a divorce. In retaliation he refuses to pay the hospital bills, and she is abruptly discharged. As Becky and Dawn are helping her prepare to leave the hospital to live with Dawn and her husband until she can formulate a plan for her future, Jenna remembers an envelope Joe had delivered to her when he too was admitted as a patient. In it she finds a handmade card with a sketch of her, a check for $270,450, and a message urging her to start fresh. As she departs from the hospital, Jenna ends her relationship with Jim and begins her life anew. An epilogue shows Jenna winning a pie contest and as the new owner of the diner where she worked, now called Lulu's Pies, serving brightly colored pies to her customers and friends. The final shot shows her walking home with toddler Lulu (played by Shelly's actual daughter, Sophie).
tt1568337
Comedy,Crime,Romance
Loosies tells the story of Bobby, a NYC pickpocket who tempts fate with the long arm of the law by lifting the badge of a New York City Detective. While playing this dangerous game of cat and mouse, Bobby runs into an even bigger problem... an old one-night stand named Lucy. Three months after their passionate affair Booby must face reality when Lucy informs him she is pregnant and she is having his baby. SUDDENLY two different worlds collide, forcing Bobby to have to reevaluate a lifetime of missteps. And in a city where he once got by as an invisible man, Bobby is now very much exposed. With a highly motivated police detective waiting for him around every corner, Bobby must come to terms with his past, and his new life as a husband and a father. As this "Midnight Cowboy" meets "Love with a Proper Stranger" style story unfolds, Loosies shows that it is both the classic love story as well as a morality tale for a generation.
tt1498569
Drama,Romance
The film is a complex romantic drama about first love between two teenagers who are both struggling with grief and mortality. During the joyous experience of their burgeoning romance, Annabelle (Waskiowski) and Enoch, offer each other unique perspectives about life and death -- helping the other to appreciate the beauty of life, with laughter and through fresh eyes. Enoch offers Annabelle support and love as she reckons with her own mortality which simultaneously, becomes a healing experience for Enoch to help him come to terms with the loss of his parents. This movie has not yet been rated by the M.P.A.A., but is expected to be rated PG-13.
tt1316622
Adventure,Drama,Mystery
Man wakes up in a car crash in a ravine and no longer remember anything. His leg is stuck and help isn't on the way. He spends a couple of nights and days alone in the car in which he sees a man on the hill watching him from afar. Eventually he gets out of the car but his leg is severely wounded. He places a splint on his leg and looks around the car he finds a mobile phone - no service and in the boot he finds a duffel bag full of money. He attempts to climb up the hill to freedom. When he is away from the car a man comes and takes the money from the boot our main character calls for help but is rewarded with thief raising his pistol to the man and leaving. The man from the car crash now goes back through the forest to try and escape. In his journey he befriends a dog, at night by the fire he tells the dog about how he used to have a dog called duke when he mentions the name duke the dog immediately turns his head and looks at the man. Through his travels there is a girl watching but she is not in the forest only in his memory after getting swept away trying to cross a river the whole time keeping the mobile phone dry he finds himself back on land and continues trying to get out of the forest. He is back at the car crash. The girl is there and he gets in a fight with her. He shoots her through the head and realises that she was never really there. He begins to have flashbacks of a bank robbery. He starts to climb up the mountain with the dog following him. He gets to the top and finds a road overjoyed he pulls himself to the top of the hill and rests. He recalls that he was, in-fact, held hostage in the bank robbery and that the girl he has been imagining is his girlfriend. He calls for help as his phone now has reception a sheriff is there to pick him up quickly. He asks the sherif to take the dog with them - the sherif simply replies, "there's no dog." As the man buckles up in the sheriff car he remembers that as the bank robbers car drove along the mountain rode with him as hostage he buckled his seatbelt and grabbed the wheel - running them off the road and crashing the car.
tt1514041
Crime,Thriller
The story focuses mainly upon 4 friends, Jo (Emma Roberts), Shannon (Ophelia Lovibond), Kerrys (Shanika-Warren Markland) and Cassandra (Tamsin Egerton). They all meet one other at a Diner, where they also see Dillon (Adam Deacon) and Smoothy (Bashy) getting chased by the police while drug-dealing. As Dillon is running past, he drops a stolen diamond (out of 15) in Cassandra's bag. He is unaware that Shannon has a big crush on Dillon as he always ignores her. The four then walk out and go home. Firstly, the story focuses upon Shannon: as she walks into her home, she sees that her mother has left for good and her dad is sitting in the living room all alone. She loses her temper, gets a packet of "Pringles", two cans of spray-paint and runs away. She then runs over to Joanne's home, who has to rush to work, telling her she does not have time to talk. Later on, she is called over to Jo's work place by Jo; where she is told to leave. When she refuses, Dillon kisses Jo upsetting Shannon, so she grabs a Pringles box from the shop and runs. She is taken in by a woman who saved her from getting raped, but Shannon seems to find that the woman is looking for the Pringles box. This is later confirmed when she finds out that she is searching for "15 diamonds". One is already in Cassandra's bag, whilst the rest are in the Pringles can which had fallen out of Shannon's bag earlier. She escapes by knocking the woman out with the bathroom door. She finds the diamonds by going back to the bench where she was almost attacked. Her story ends with her holding the diamonds above a bridge, suggesting she is about to jump and commit suicide. Secondly, the story moves onto Cassandra, who visits New York to meet up with a man called "Brett" she has met on the internet. The meeting ends with her having sex with him. She suddenly feels light headed and falls asleep, and in the morning uses an epipen to pull herself together. She discovers all her possessions gone except for her handbag containing a diamond. She also finds the letter that Shannon has been looking for, which was written by her mother. She later goes to "Brett's" house to later find that "Brett" is a stalker who hacks into Cassandra's computer taking videos of her. When the fake Brett comes, she knocks him out but later escapes chasing her down the street where she is rescued by a black woman who does not take kindly to racist stereotypical views. She gets her cousins to beat and tattoo the fake Brett with the words chosen by Cassandra. She forces her way into an audition for a new tutor and gets it before then leaving for London. Thirdly the story of Kerrys is explored. Kerrys and her girlfriend break into Cassandra's beachhouse and stay there. Her brother upon discovering them inside, locks them in the panic room and throws a party. While, Dillon and Smoothy visit his house, they ask him to keep the diamonds (now only 14 left) at his house. When the two girls escape from the panic room, they lock her brother in there and run away. Fourthly, Jo, who works at a 24-hour supermarket with Angelo (Jacob Anderson) finds that her new manager ("Tee" Noel Clarke) is in town. Tee has been working with Dillon and Smoothy to deliver the diamonds, but one is missing. Tee asks Dillon and Smoothy to come over to the supermarket; Dillon and Smoothy open the safe with the key (which Tee had given to them earlier), they remove the money and drop off the diamonds (which are 14, but Tee thinks there is 15). Dillon and Smoothy come to get the money, when they find Tee has betrayed them, and they rob the store and leave Tee with the 14 diamonds. Tee, however has hidden them in a Pringles box, which is then seen in flashback to show that the box is the very same one that Shannon has. Whilst Tee is about to be shot by the same woman who rescued Shannon earlier, Jo rescues him, but when he tries to run, Angelo attacks him. He is arrested by the police for illegal selling. Cassandra returns with the last diamond and the letter; the three (Cassandra, Jo, and Kerrys) then go to meet Shannon. They put the 14 diamonds together and give it into the police and fly to New York. Whilst on the plane it is revealed that the same mysterious woman who had rescued Shannon is on the plane.
tt1699231
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
Los Angeles. Jenny and Paula are two female flight attendants on their way to LAX for a flight to Nashville, at the gate they meet George. George frequently flies to his parents on either side of the country and rejects Jenny's attempts at kindness and guide of control. Aboard the plane, we meet the rest of the crew and passengers; Captain Forrest and co-pilot Wilson, an elderly couple Bev and Sylvester (who has Parkinson's, unable to speak or move his body), Louise (another elderly woman who brings her cat), Henry (a teacher who has brought a cage of hamsters on the flight but is made to put them in the cargo hold), Nial and Susan (a germophobic couple with a baby on the way), Shilah (an Army Medic), another couple, Hvorst and Nicca (who are both foreign and speak heavily accented English), Preston (a businessman), and finally, Ralph (a heavyset golf player). As they board the plane, Ralph is accidentally bitten by one of Henry's hamsters. As the flight progresses, he deteriorates quickly and demands that the plane land. His mouth begins to foam and he vomits on Jenny, before running in a rage for the cockpit. Preston, Henry, George and Paula manage to knock Ralph out and restrain him with plastic cuffs while Wilson locks the cockpit door as per terrorism protocol. The plane is directed to land at the Las Vegas Airport, but communication with the tower is cut off as they land. Ralph reawakens and bites Paula's nose, severely injuring her. Shilah uses the plane's emergency first aid kit to administer an anesthetic, but Paula is losing a lot of blood and needs immediate medical attention. Frustrated with the lack of communication from the tower, Captain Forrest taxis the plane to a gate, as the other passengers attempt to trap Ralph in the bathroom. Ed, a baggage handler at the terminal, sees the plane land and opens a gate so they can disembark. As they attempt to gain access to the airport, they discover that all the doors into the terminal are locked. Ed leads them to an employee entrance. Forrest and Wilson hold the plane's bathroom door shut while everyone else (except for Bev and Sylvester) escapes into the staging room (a giant warehouse of loading docks and various equipment to move bags). It is here that they are first notified that they are being quarantined. Because of Paula's worsening condition, Shilah tells Jenny that she has a medical kit in her luggage, and Jenny enlists Ed's help to save her friend. The power in the staging room goes out as Preston, Henry, Jenny, Ed, and Nial move back to the plane to find that Wilson and Forrest are gone and the bathroom is filled with blood. Sylvester is still in his seat but his wife is gone as well. He uses his eyes to call the group's attention to a pair of plastic cuffs on the floor that have been chewed through. Ed manages to find a sort of trapdoor from the cabin area of the plane into the hold. Jenny searches for Shilah's medical kit while Nial grabs a gun from his suitcase, and Preston stays with Sylvester above. Nial is bitten by a rodent, and says that it looked like a rat. Jenny reasons that it must have been a hamster. Before climbing back out of the hold, Jenny looks up through the trapdoor to see Preston's laptop spattered with blood. She turns to find Forrest, mouth foaming, eyes red. He attacks her, forcing Nial to shoot him in the back. He is splattered with blood but everyone has escaped without getting bitten. The group moves out of the hold and into the aisle of the plane, where they find Sylvester on the ground, thrown from his wheelchair, and Preston bitten on the back of the neck. They go to regroup with everyone else and are attacked by the infected Bev, whom they lock in the walkway. When they meet up with the rest of the group, they begin to realize that the infection is probably being spread by bites and that the symptoms appear to be those of a "super-rabies" virus turning people bitten in to a rabid type of zombie (or more likely "were-rats"). Sylvester tries to alert the group to a rat lurking above him, but they fail to hear him and the rat attacks him. George notices the rat perched on his head seconds after and knocks it off, drawing enough attention for everyone to see it. They proceed to lock him and Paula up in the fear that they're infected as well. George takes this opportunity to accuse Henry of being responsible for the infection, accusing him of bringing rats onto the plane, and not hamsters. When Henry denies this, George says that he saw long tails peeking out from the carrier, pointing out that hamsters have short, stubby tails. Jenny takes Henry aside to talk to him, and Henry claims that George is just confused. It's illegal to bring lab rats onto a plane, and Henry reasons that if he had he would have been caught by security. It is here that they are attacked by the infected Ralph again. Jenny's screams attract the attention of the group, and together they strangle him with a rubber hose. A team of four CBDT officers arrive and enter the building heavily armed. They direct the group to take Sylvester and Paula out their makeshift cells and administer 'protocol' to them, a pressurized injection to the neck. They demand the others step forward to receive it as well. They are all hesitant, as the CBDT officers refuse to explain what's going on. Louise finally steps forward. While attempting to administer it to her, her cat (who had eaten Ralph's vomit earlier) bites her neck. The team fires and misses several times and Sylvester jumps in and bites one of the officials. After killing him, the three other officials attempt to flee, but find they are locked in. They shoot out the locks and run. They, along with Hvorst, who attempts to flee with them, are all apparently shot to death by the surrounding military personnel. Ed drags a wounded surviving officer inside, and the group flees the infected, now including Nial (from the rat bite he received earlier). He grabs Susan as she attempts to escape with the others. They take shelter in a large catering truck. The group interrogates the CBDT officer.The officer tell them about the quarantine building in L.A. (from the first Quarantine movie) and about a possible outbreak. But before giving them any real answers, he shoots himself. Wilson attempts to attack the group from a opening in the top of the trailer whilst Ed directs George to activate a lift that crushes Wilson between the trailer and a beam above it. They exit the truck and flee, but Henry turns back, alone, without telling anyone where he's going. Ed leads the remainder of the group to a blueprint office to try to find an old drainage tunnel that doesn't appear on the new blueprints. While fleeing, Nicca is dragged away from the group and moments later Paula attacks the rest of them. Jenny reconciles with killing her friend, and attacks her with a metal bar. The infected Paula falls off the catwalk and dies. The surviving group (currently consisting of Jenny, George, Ed, and Shilah) reach the airport engineer's office and start looking for the blueprints detailing where the tunnel is. George snoops into Henry's briefcase, discovering alarming documents and a case containing a vial and a syringe. The infected Nial and Susan arrive and attack, but Henry saves the group by shooting the two to death with Nial's gun. It's discovered he was bitten, but George accuses Henry and pulls out the vial. Henry admits to having started it all, claiming he's, "One of two good guys. [He's] doing something. Otherwise, the population will just keep growing and growing while the planet is dying." Henry is apparently part of the so-called Doomsday Cult (referenced briefly in the previous movie) to bring about the end of the world through a weaponized rabies virus. He threatens to kill Jenny if George doesn't hand over the antidote. Ed promptly attacks him to try getting the gun away, and Henry shoots him dead. The others are immediately scared into compliance. While administering the antidote, Henry admits that he has "friends to the cause" that are helping him with everything, and that they helped him get the rats and antidote through security and let him know his 'lab' in L.A. was compromised and that he should skip town. After administering the antidote to himself, an injection into his brain through his eye socket, he leaves and forces George to come with him, hitting Jenny with the gun when she tries to stop him. Shilah offers to go ahead as Jenny's a little overwhelmed and out of it. While separated, Jenny is attacked by the infected Preston. After a close chase, she kills him by bashing his head over with a piece of machinery. She then gets a second wind and continues her search for George. Shilah shows up, bitten, but with one of the CBDT's thermal/nightvision camera goggles, which make it easier to walk around and see the unknowing infected in the dark. She gives it to Jenny, telling her to go rescue George and "kill that rat." At this time there are only four infected besides Shilah, and Shilah uses herself as a distraction to allow Jenny to escape and find George. She is seen to be attacked by all four infected. Jenny finds George abandoned and crying near the drainage tunnel. It turns out Henry's antidote has failed and the man is now infected. George (unable to see anything in the dark) begs Jenny to stay up out of the tunnel, but she comes down anyways, and is attacked by Henry. She drops the goggles, and George puts them on and is instantly able to see the gun laying on the ground. He grabs it and shoots Henry. He then hands the goggles back to Jenny, who sees that Henry is incapacitated on the ground but still alive. She proceeds to use a metal bar to repeatedly strike Henry's head, killing him. The two remaining survivors escape through an air vent as the terminal is being burnt down by the soldiers. Jenny is revealed to be infected and she begs George to leave her. George refuses to go without her, and Jenny reluctantly agrees to follow. At the end of the tunnel, there are metal bars that George is barely able to squeeze between. He turns back and calls for Jenny, who is now fully infected and attempts to grab him. However, she is too big to fit through the bars and she retreats back into the dark tunnel. George drops the goggles and is seen walking away from the airport fence... free and clearly not infected, but alone. After George leaves, the scene skips to the point of view of the goggles, which you then see Louise's cat through. The cat shakes off what appears to be part of the virus, letting it splatter onto the lens, before assumingly heading into the city of Las Vegas....
tt1316037
Horror,Thriller
BIRDEMIC: SHOCK AND TERROR does, indeed, contain copious amounts of both shock and terror. The shock and terror, however, are the audience's: unbelievable shock at the horrific acting, direction, special effects, screenplay, script, and cinematography, and indescribable terror at the the thought of ever having to watch such an atrocity again. Directed and written by James Nguyen, BIREDEMIC stars Alan Bagh as Rod, the laughably inept hero (??), and Whitney Moore as Rod's love interest, Nathalie. At one point, we get to see Nathalie (who, despite being a Victoria's Secret model, is still strongly encouraged to pursue a real estate career by her mother, in case modeling "doesn't work out") in a thong and bra; this, I suspect, is the sole motivation for the making of this movie. After more than forty-five minutes of establishing shots, watching Rod slowly drive from place to place, finding out that Rod's best friend is dating Nathalie's best friend (what a coincidence!), and suffering through Rod and Nathalie's first date, in which they describe themselves as though on job interviews in robotic, flat voices, we are finally introduced to the reason for the movie's title. Rod (a recent millionaire) and Nathalie (did I mention she's a Victoria's Secret model?) are inexplicably staying at a cheap no-tell motel when they are confronted by large, vicious birds (eagles), and the viewer is confronted by the worst special effects in the entire history of movie making. Rod, Nathalie, and two other motel patrons, Ramsey (Adam Sessa) and Becky (Catherine Batcha), manage to make it into Ramsey's minivan using coat hangers to defend themselves against the large eagles that brashly toss aside all laws of physics and hover in the air. The group drives off, shooting at the birds with the various AK-47's and handguns that Ramsey apparently keeps in his van at all times. After stumbling across a few cars containing drivers who were killed by the birds and rescuing a boy and girl, both around age ten, the group stops at a gas station to buy food for the children (the children, it seems, have time to meditate on their hunger despite the fact that they saw their parents viciously attacked by killer eagles less than two hours ago). The station's patron has also been killed by the birds, but, puzzlingly, the birds have not effected the rest of the area's population, as evidenced by the dozens and dozens of cars whizzing by, driven by people oblivious to the fact that nature is on the attack. While stopped for a picnic (the danger of being outside where they are most vulnerable to the killer birds dawns on nobody), our troupe is informed by an old man that the bird attacks are the result of global warming. Afterwards, while "taking a shit" (a direct quote from Ramsey), Catherine is attacked and killed, which is made all the more tragic due to the fact that the group is forced to leave their roll of toilet paper behind as, terror-stricken, they merge carefully onto the road and drive away at a safe, moderate speed. Later, the gang comes across tourists trapped by the killer birds on a tour bus. Spraying their guns indiscriminately, the group manages to hit the birds but not the tourists, but have little time to celebrate this victory as several of the birds spontaneously combust, spewing what is evidently acidic blood and/or innards on the hapless tourists and Ramsey. Stopping for gas soon after, Rod is informed that gas is now $100/gallon due to the birds, whose influence clearly extends to such a degree that OPEC and the entire global economy are suffering. Rod, Nathalie, and the children are attacked again, but manage to escape using their guns which are, luckily, never emptied of bullets. After an brief encounter with a man who tries to steal their reserve gas but is conveniently killed by a bird while doing so, the group stops at a small forest where they meet a man, known only as "Tree Hugger" to the audience (Stephen Gustavson). "Tree Hugger," who bears a strong resemblance to Woody Harrelson in a wig, informs Rod and co. that nature is not attacking humans; rather, humans are attacking nature. Perhaps this is why, shortly later, dozens of unexplained forest fires break out all around the group, forcing them to flee once again. Continuing on with their trip to nowhere on a day which is evidently over a hundred hours long, the four stop at the beach where Rod and Nathalie try unsuccessfully to get the children to eat fish and seaweed, and where, of course, they are yet again attacked by the birds. This time, though, while cowering in the van, the group is rescued by a flock of doves, which manages to scare the eagles away. The group emerges from the van and walks to the shore, where they stand staring at the two flocks of birds flying in place--er, that is, off into the distance--over the ocean. And thus, the tragedy that is BIRDEMIC: SHOCK AND TERROR mercifully ends.
tt1446072
Action,Adventure,Thriller
Action superstar Wesley Snipes is back and badder than ever as CIA Agent Marcus Jones, a professional hit man caught in a double-cross between his partners in the agency, a ruthless arms dealer and a powerful Wall Street broker worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Framed for a murder he didn't commit and chased by expert assassins, Jones must clear his name before its too late. Also starring Robert Davi (Die Hard), Gary Daniels (The Expendables) and Zoe Bell (Grindhouse), Game Of Death is an action-packed thriller filled with pulse-pounding excitement.
tt0806027
Action,Horror,Thriller
On the surface, Saya is a stunning 16-year-old, but that youthful exterior hides the tormented soul of a 400-year-old "halfling." Born to a human father and a vampire mother, she has for centuries been a loner obsessed with using her samurai skills to rid the world of vampires, all the while knowing that she herself can survive only on blood like those she hunts. When she is sent onto an American military base in Tokyo by the clandestine organization she works for, Saya immediately senses that this may be her opportunity to finally destroy Onigen, the evil patriarch of all vampires. Using her superhman strength and her sword, she begins to rid the base of its evil infestation in a series of spectacular and elaborate showdowns. However, it is not until she forms her first human friendship in centuries with the young daughter of the base's general that Saya learns of her greatest power over Onigen may well be her ability for human connection... [D-MAn2010] What The IMDB Plot Should Have Been: Saya, a half-human, half-vampire samurai who preys on those who feast on human blood, ventures to an American military base, where she encounters Onigen, the deadliest vampire of all. [D-Man2010]
tt1220628
Comedy
Two police officers are called to report to a domestic disturbance, with the possibility of a severe case of animal abuse. Neighbors are reporting noises which sound like an animal being cruelly abused. The police barge into the apartment and find Tucker Max (Matt Czuchry) having rough sex with a girl doggy style. The girl is screaming like an animal. The officers, assuming that Tucker is raping her, throw him onto the floor. The girl, who was just denied her orgasm, yells at the cops who shake their heads in disgust when they realize that she was making the noise because she was deaf and cannot hear her own voice. The next day, Tucker arrives at his college and meets his friend Dan (Geoff Stills) in their law class. Dan is getting married next weekend and Tucker will be throwing Dan's bachelor party along with their friend Drew. He tells Dan about how the cops burst in and interrupted the sex, while Dan notes that since Tucker screwed a mute girl last semester, he is one disabled person away from a 'Helen Keller'. Tucker laughs at that and his law professor calls him out on the fact that he isn't paying attention. Tucker boldly states to his professor (and the class) that he wasn't since he was telling his friend about how he slept with a deaf girl. The professor thinks he's joking and then begins to grill him about whether or not people suffering from dwarfism should be protected by law. Tucker easily counters the professor's argument by pointing out that midgets already have protected status. The professor then mentions a midget stripper he represent pro bono to illustrate a further point, but once Tucker hears about the midget stripper he begins making arrangements. Tucker immediately leaves to go to Drew. Meanwhile, Drew (Jesse Bradford) is in his room playing the video game 'Halo' online in his special chair when Tucker calls him. Drew continues to play, barely reacting to the fact that Tucker is coming over. Tucker arrives at Drew's door and sees a box with his ex-fiancé's belongings with the label "Take what you wish since her box is open to all." Drew was recently dumped by his slut of a fiancée, whom he walked in on "giving a blow job to Paul Wall, the Grillionaire". As such, Drew has become embittered and spiteful toward women. Tucker tells Drew to come out with Dan for his bachelor party, and Drew reluctantly agrees. At a local bar, the 'Loathsome Lothario' Tucker hits on an attractive waitress and she flirts with him back. When Dan arrives, Tucker smacks the waitress' butt and rudely tells her to leave for he says that its time for man talk. The bartender is disgusted by this and tries to cut Tucker off, but Tucker just uses the waitress to get more booze. He insults the bartender, and when the bartender tries to go and beat him up, Dan steps up and intimidates the bartender with his imposing figure. Tucker then starts to persuade his friends to change the venue of the bachelor party. He wants to go to a strip club where "there are no limits, and you're allowed to touch the strippers". Tucker tells them that it is in Salem, a town three hours away from where they are. Dan is reluctant but Tucker talks both Dan and Drew to go through with it. As they leave the bar, Tucker gloats to the bartender and yells that he fingered the waitress. Tucker drives Dan to his house where Dan's fiancée Kristy (Keri Lynn Pratt) is going through the seating chart. Kristy mentions that her mother is coming in that night which upsets Dan because Dan thinks that Kristy's parents make everything incredibly lame and wouldn't allow him to have a bouncy castle at their engagement party. He then packs to go to Salem for the bachelor party, which upsets Kristy. She asks why he always puts Tucker in front of her, which Dan points out is untrue. He lists all the things he sacrificed to be with Kristy and that he wants to have fun for once. The situation gets tense, and Tucker decides to go into the house. He notices the couple fighting and times his entrance. He makes it sound like Dan was lying about going to Salem and then promises Kristy that they wouldn't be going. He promises to have her back before she wakes up. However, as soon as they leave the house, Tucker starts driving to Salem. As they drive, Dan expresses the fact that he is uncomfortable lying to Kristy. Tucker dismisses it and the trio continues their drive. As they randomly converse, Drew starts to complain about his hunger and demands a pancake-wich. Tucker scoffs at Drew and Drew delivers a rant about how tasty the 'Pancake-wich' is. They stop and get them and continue off to Salem. When they arrive, Tucker's first attempt at finding the strip club takes them to a crappy bar. Tucker shrugs off asking for directions by stating he was drunk the last time he visited the strip club. This assuages Dan's discomfort and the trio goes to a different bar. They quickly find another bar where a bachelorette party is being held. The trio makes friends with the group of ladies, but an uptight prude consistently annoys Tucker. Tucker insults her to the point where the other ladies become offended. That, combined with Drew's constantly misogynistic remarks, drives the girls away. After leaving the bar, the trio finds the strip club. A stripper goes over to Drew, but Drew easily scares her away with his casual comments about rape, murder and child abuse. As the trio drinks and engages in debauchery, one stripper named Lara (Marika Dominczyk) impresses Dan and Tucker by not only keeping up with Drew but brutally trumping Drews misogynistic insults with her own. Dan and Tucker are so impressed they pay her $200 to keep insulting Drew. After further rounds of insults, Lara challenges Drew to Halo, and goads him into leaving the bar with her. As Drew is preparing to leave, Kristy calls Dan. She and her mother are shopping for a bouncy castle and Kristy wants to know how the bachelor party is going. As they are talking, the announcer introduces the best stripper in Salem which Kristy hears and alarms her. She asks where they are and when Dan lies, he asks Tucker to back him up. Tucker instead has Drew take the phone and Drew flat out tells Kristy they went to Salem before leaving. Dan tries to do damage control, but it is clear Kristy is pissed off. Dan starts drinking out of anger with Tucker doing nothing to help. Tucker sees a girl and goes to hit on her, leaving Dan alone. Dan starts drinking when the proprietors of the club call him over since he is the bachelor of the night. Dan drunkenly stumbles over to the stage and a bunch of girls are about to give him a special dance. They grab his pants and Dan, shocked, elbows a girl in the nose. She bleeds and pushes him off the stage and he lands on a table with glasses. The bouncers throw him out of the club and Dan walks around in a drunken stupor. He eventually gets arrested for peeing on a dumpster and mocking a policeman. Meanwhile, Lara drives Drew to her place. Before they go inside, she tells them that she has a kid. They continue to trade insults, but Drew is visibly moved when he meets Lara's 10-year-old son, Jack. He teaches him how to set an L shaped ambush and the two bond. After Jack goes to bed, Lara beats Drew thoroughly at Halo. Drew tells her that she's doing a good job raising her kid by herself. Drew explains that as a child he was sent to his room and ignored by his parents. They come to understand one another and end up having sex. Dan, in the drunk tank, rants and raves about how he shouldnt be there. In his drunken state, he tries to organize a prison riot with the pendejos. Two cops enter the drunk tank and knock him out (giving him two black eyes to match his cut face). When Dan comes to, he has crusty vomit in his hair and most of the pendejos are gone. He tries calling Drew and Tucker, but they are both sleeping after getting laid. Dan calls Kristy, but Kristy's mother picks up and when he tells her that he is in jail, she just hangs up on him without telling Kristy what happened. The next day, Tucker picks up Drew and both find voicemails from Dan. They bail him out of jail and take him to get breakfast at a local diner where Tucker regales them with the tail of how he seduced the midget stripper and went to her place and had sex with her. When Tucker lets it slip that he had never been to the strip club before, Dan loses it. He expresses the fact that he may not even be engaged anymore because of Tuckers desire to sleep with a midget. Dan attacks Tucker, but Drew breaks up the fight. Dan takes a bus back to Kristy while Drew and Tucker drive back themselves. Dan begs Kristy for forgiveness and tells her that he's sorry. She takes him back and helps him clean up, but when her mother expresses disapproval, Kristy takes a stand and dismisses her mother. With the wedding a week away, the two get right down the business. Drew asks Tucker if he has apologized yet, but Tucker says that he will do it at the hotel before the wedding. One week later. Tucker, Drew, and Dan all prepare for the wedding separately and fly out to an Embassy Suites hotel before the wedding. Drew brings Lara and Jack as his guests. Tucker goes stag.. hoping to pick up and have sex at the wedding. Tucker goes to Dan and Kristy's room to apologize but Dan doesn't think its sincere. Dan shrugs it off with a whatever and leaves the hotel room. Kristy scolds Tucker and tells him that the apology wasn't sincere and that's why he was uninvited from the wedding. Tucker asks why she's uninviting him, but she makes it clear that she doesnt care if he's invited or not. This makes it clear that Dan is the one who doesn't want him at the wedding for what happened in Salem. Tucker, clearly a bit down, calls Drew to ask to go out drinking but Drew declines in order to see if his relationship with Lara can last. Tucker goes to a bar to drown his misery. He goes to a bar where he sees a young woman talking to a turtle. He asks if it is telling her to kill the fat girl by the bar, but when she gets upset, he says: "why are you angry, fat girls arent real people?" The girl by the bar hears that and Tucker and her get into an argument. When Tucker turns his back on her and places his drink on the bar, she puts eye drops into his drink (a la 'Wedding Crashers'). The fat girl and her companion leave, while Tucker takes his drink and heads to the bathroom. While waiting in line, he notices a very attractive woman in a red dress who introduces herself as Connie (Traci Lords). They flirt and she mentions that she is married, but Tucker doesn't care and lets her drink some of his beer. They hook up in the bathroom and Tucker takes her back to his hotel room. However, before they can have sex the tainted beer takes hold. Connie goes into the bathroom and clogs the toilet with her massive diarrhea. She abruptly leaves, leaving Tucker with a desperate need to take a dump of his own. Tucker takes the elevator to the lobby and asks the manager for the bathroom. He runs in the large lobby and can't see where the bathroom is. He runs to what looks like the mens room door and sees the janitor in her office. She points him in the direction of the bathroom. He waddles toward it but only makes it half way as he starts to crap himself. He craps all over the floor until he makes it to the bathroom and clogs the first toilet. Once he moves over to the next stall, he sees that there is no toilet paper, so he uses his shirt to wipe himself. He leaves the bathroom naked and sees the janitor with tears in her eyes, looking at the crap spread all over the floor. Tucker then goes to the elevator and stares at his reflection, hoping that they serve beer in hell. The next morning, Dan gets married to Kristy. At the ceremony Dan's brother (played by the real Tucker Max), Dan's best man, gives a speech congratulating Dan. Tucker listens and then goes over and takes the mike from him and delivers a speech. He recounts the events in the lobby, and tells the crowd that he realized then that he never cleaned up his own shit before until the night before, when the maid went upstairs and made Tucker literally clean his own shit. He tells the crowd that Dan was his best friend and that he had been cleaning up Tucker's shit for a long time. He apologizes and brings the wedding parties outside to look at the large bouncy castle he ordered for Dan. Dan accepts Tucker's apology and he, Tucker and Drew jump into the bouncy castle. Afterwards, Drew calls "bullshit" on Tucker's story and Tucker tells his friends the real short story which is that instead of helping the janitor clean his shit, he just gave her money instead. Tucker then sees a hot blind girl and goes to seduce her and attain the Helen Keller. Dan says "That's my cousin" and he and Drew follow him.
tt1020885
Action,Comedy,Fantasy
Jimmy (Mathew Horne) and Fletch (James Corden) are two friends living in London experiencing life problems. Jimmy is dumped by his girlfriend and Fletch is fired from his job as a clown. They decide to escape their woes and hike to a remote village in Norfolk they find on an old map. As they arrive at a pub in the village, with Jimmy upset about Fletch destroying his phone, they see a number of attractive foreign female history students leaving. Hoping to find more beautiful women inside, they are greeted by a morose crowd of men and approached by a seemingly crazed vicar (Paul McGann) who believes Jimmy is a long lost descendant of a local vampire slayer. As the barman offers the two men free ale as an apology for the vicar, they learn the students they saw earlier are going to a cottage - where they are to stay the night. Jimmy and Fletch pursue the students' bus, catching up to it as the engine has broken down, and are introduced to four girls (Heidi, Lotte, Anke and Trudi). They are invited to join a party on the bus. The group arrives at their destination, only to learn that a curse rests over the village and that every female child turns into a lesbian vampire on her eighteenth birthday. There is an old legend stating that the Vampire Queen, Carmilla, descended on the village, killed its menfolk and seduced its women to her evil. When the ruler of the land, Baron Wolfgang Mclaren (Jimmy's great ancestor) returned from the Crusades, he discovered one of the women corrupted by Carmilla was his wife, Eva. The baron forged a sacred sword, then defeated Carmilla, but before dying, Carmilla cursed the village, adding that when the blood of the last of Mclaren's bloodline mixed with a virgin girl's blood, Carmilla would be resurrected. Fletch and Jimmy spend the night with the women. Heidi, Anke and Trudi are turned into vampires. After Lotte insists that the others try to find her missing friends, they witness Trudi being turned. Eva, Carmilla's mistress, tries to draw Lotte to her growing clan of lesbian vampires. The trio runs back into the cottage after killing vampires Heidi and Anke and barricade themselves in after the vampires destroy the bus. Jimmy's ex-girlfriend Judi arrives at the door and Jimmy, not ready to give up on the relationship, takes her into the bedroom. Lotte reveals to Fletch that she is a virgin and wants to sleep with Jimmy. At the church, the Vicar researches the vampire slayer who killed Carmilla before arming himself and setting off to find Jimmy. Judi reveals herself to be a vampire, and after a struggle, Fletch and Jimmy kill her. The vampires approach the cottage and Jimmy inadvertently invites them in. Eva discovers that Jimmy is the descendant of the baron who killed Carmilla and that Lotte is a virgin and kidnaps them. The Vicar saves Fletch from Trudi and tells Fletch the truth about the village and Jimmy's identity. They go after Jimmy and Lotte in the Vicar's crucifix-covered car. As the vampires prepare to sacrifice Lotte and Jimmy, Fletch and the Vicar try to recover the sword of Daeldo, the sword that killed Carmilla, from the baron's tomb. While Fletch works to open the tomb, the Vicar checks on his daughter Rebecca, but does not notice that she has been turned. Rebecca attempts to seduce Fletch, who does not know what she is. When she attacks him, she is inadvertently impaled on the sword. Fletch decides not to tell the Vicar of his daughter's death. At Carmilla's tomb, Lotte reveals her love for Jimmy. The vampires begin draining the two of their blood to resurrect Carmilla. With the sword, Fletch and the Vicar drive to Carmilla's tomb. When they enter the woods, they bring various weapons, but forget the sword. Despite not having the sword, the pair reach Jimmy and Lotte. The Vicar releases them, but not before enough blood gathers to resurrect Carmilla. The Vicar sacrifices himself so the others can get back to the car and the sword. Eva separates Lotte from the men, attacking and seducing her. Lotte fights back while Fletch and Jimmy fetch weapons. Lotte kills Eva with her cross necklace, infuriating Carmilla. Fletch tries to kill Carmilla before Lotte is turned, but is captured himself. Jimmy saves them by hurling the sword at Carmilla, piercing her heart and destroying her for good. With the curse lifted, the three survivors decide to continue ridding the world of evil. The film ends with the shot of a "Gay Werewolf" howling before the full moon.
tt1391034
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Stephanie and Ellie's vacation to an exotic village in Argentina is a perfect 'girl's getaway' to bask in the sun, shop and flirt with the handsome locals. After a long night of bar-hopping, the girls get into an argument, and Stephanie heads out alone in the morning to cool off. But when she returns, Ellie has disappeared. Finding signs of a struggle, Stephanie fears the worst, and turns to the police for help. But the local authorities have their hands full already - with a string of unsolved kidnappings targeting young female tourists. Skeptical of the sheriff's competency, she enlists help from Michael, an American ex-pat staying at their hotel. Together they go on a frantic search for Ellie, but Stephanie soon realizes that trusting his seemingly good intentions may drag her farther from the truth. With danger mounting, and time running out, Stephanie must find her friend before darkness falls.
tt0974554
Drama,Romance
David Kepesh (Ben Kingsley) is an aging although quite virile cultural critic and professor, in a state of 'emancipated manhood.' Previously married, he has a son who has never forgiven him for leaving his mother. His relationships with women are usually casual, brief and sexual in nature. His Pulitzer Prize-winning friend, George O'Hearn (Dennis Hopper), suggests that he 'bifurcate' his life: have conversations and enjoy art with a wife, and 'keep the sex just for sex.' Believing himself to be an independent and self-actualized individual, he encounters Consuela Castillo (Penélope Cruz), a beautiful and confident grad student who takes one of his courses. She captures his attention like no other woman, and they fall in love. David is also in a casual yet carnal 20-year relationship with Caroline (Patricia Clarkson), another former student. Through voiceover narration and further conversations with George, David reveals his increasing desire for Consuela, and his insecure suspicion that she may be seeing other, younger men. He even follows her to a party one night and she catches him spying on her. When she tells him he must trust her, he assumes she wants to end their romance. Soon thereafter, he is surprised that she calls him for dinner, where she asks him, "What am I for you?' She wonders about their potential future, and he admits that the 30-odd-year age difference between them scares him. Meanwhile, his relationship with Caroline appears to end after she finds one of Consuela's tampons in David's bathroom. David explains in voiceover that he and Consuela were involved for another year, but, 'Like all roller coaster rides, it had to end.' One night over dinner, Consuela invites David to her graduation party, pleading with him to meet her parents. He is reluctant but agrees to attend, only on the day of the event, David phones Consuela and claims he is stuck in bad traffic. In reality, he is sitting in his car, anxious about meeting Consuela's family. Heartbroken and annoyed, Consuela calls back and tearfully acknowledges the end of their relationship. His son Kenny (Peter Sarsgaard) happens to show up that evening and tells David that he is cheating on his wife. Kenny is very conflicted, because he does not want to break up his family like David did, but the father has little sympathy for him. Kenny leaves in disgust. David thereafter sinks into a depression which George tries to help him through. George tells him that he's actually become closer to his wife lately, despite cheating on her before. Soon thereafter though, George collapses and, after kissing both his wife and David, he abruptly dies. Caroline comes back to visit David, and he eventually admits that he had a misguided affair with Conseula. They share a comfortable moment together, wondering if they are at last talking to each other after 20 years of sex. In another voiceover, David tells us that two years went by in which Consuela never called him again, and he tried to get over the death of George, but he admits to his ongoing pain. Suddenly on New Year's Eve, David receives a voice message from Consuela. She mentions that she needs to tell him something before he finds out from someone else. He worries that she will tell him she has found another man, or worse yet, ask for his blessing. When he calls her, she turns out to be just outside his building, eager to meet. Consuela tells David that she has breast cancer and will need an operation. Grief-stricken, David cries and asks her why she didn't tell him sooner. Consuela tells David that he loved her body like no one else, and asks him to take photos of her topless, before the doctors 'ruin' her breasts in the surgery. David agrees. David goes to see Kenny, who happens to be a doctor at the hospital where Consuela is having her operation, and asks for him to make an inquiry about her. Kenny suggests that her condition is quite serious. David visits Consuela later when she is recovering from her surgery. Consuela says, 'I will miss you.' David responds, 'I am here,' then he climbs into the hospital bed and gently kisses her face. In a flashback, we see the couple walking on the beach where Consuela told David she loves him.
tt0299981
Action,Adventure,Drama
A group of Immortals quest to locate the mysterious "Source" in the near future. One member of the group, Zai Jie, breaks into a tower in Eastern Europe and contacts his associates to give them the location of the Source. The Guardian of the Source, who has supernatural speed, confronts and decapitates him. Reggie, another group member, discovers that the planets are moving from their orbits into a cosmic alignment. Former Immortal-Watcher Joe Dawson is called by group member Methos to find their mutual friend Duncan MacLeod. Joe finds MacLeod in a fight with the Guardian, and shoots Duncan, hauls him into a truck, and drives off to meet with the others at a monastery, in order to meet with an ancient being known as the Elder so they can locate the Source. At the monastery, they meet Anna Teshemka, Duncan's mortal wife, who is having visions. The Elder meets them all as a group, and tells of how, in ancient history, another group of Immortals sought the Source. Upon slaying the Guardian, the two survivors were cursed with decay, and one of them became the new Guardian. The Elder tells them all to follow Anna, who knows the way. She receives a vision from the Elder. Meanwhile, the Guardian comes and attacks Reggie and Joe Dawson on holy ground. In an effort to save Dawson, Duncan throws his katana at the Guardian, temporarily wounding him. The Guardian removes the sword from his neck and breaks it, killing Joe with the broken blade before escaping. After burying Joe, they leave for the Source, which they have determined to be on an island in a lake in Eastern Europe. Approaching the island, the boat's captain tells them that the "maniacs" rule the island: cannibal gangs. After fighting locals who were poised to immolate a man to death, they obtain a van and drive to a deserted house a short distance away from the Source. That night, the Guardian kills Reggie by slashing him to death the Elder had warned them that the closer they get to the Source, the weaker they would become, and that they would lose their immortality. Duncan has replaced his broken katana with a pair of butterfly swords. The group takes Reggie's body with them, until they ultimately discover that he will not revive. After burying Reggie, they continue on their way. They find the road blocked, and are captured by cannibals. While the cannibals are distracted by their drunken carousing, the Guardian frees Anna, and forces her to accompany him to the Source. Later, Giovanni also escapes and takes a sword, hoping to be "The One." Duncan frees himself and Methos, and sets off to rescue Anna. Giovanni gets recaptured, and Duncan goes in to save him. Methos saves Duncan at the last moment, and says he believes Duncan is "The One," due to his incorruptible nature. He rides off on a horse to distract the cannibals, and allows Duncan to chase after Anna. Giovanni, who had run off when Duncan came to his rescue, is decapitated by the Guardian. Duncan finds Anna in a clearing by a sandy pit, illuminated by starlight, as the cosmic convergence is happening directly over them. The Guardian surfaces and challenges Duncan. Duncan finds he has the same speed and power as the Guardian, and fights him. Finally defeating the Guardian, he taunts Duncan to take his head. Duncan refuses, and the Guardian vanishes, screaming, in a blast of light, exclaiming that he is "cursed forever." Duncan enters the Source, qualified to do so by his pure heart. In the Source, Anna reveals that she is pregnant with their child. Duncan declares "He is the one."
tt0332136
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Ian Wyndham (Nicholls) is a British Businessman who lives with his musician girlfriend, Samantha Andrews (Hewitt) in London. Ian takes Sam for granted making Sam feeling vulnerable in the role of the one who loves more. Taking us through a day in Ian and Sam's life, the film opens by showing different events such as Sam getting burnt on a kettle, Ian's watch breaking, Sam getting Coca-Cola spilt on her and Ian being interrupted by Sam during an important meeting at work. (She had mistakenly thought that Ian had forgotten his presentation folder at home, when in fact it was just another similar but less important folder.) As the day progresses we see Ian in a taxi. He tells the driver (Tom Wilkinson) about how he and Sam are going through difficulties. The driver recommends he should just love her. After Sam's concert that night, Ian tries to dismiss Sam's favorite student. At dinner Sam confronts Ian where her frustration boils over. She gets angry at Ian for his attitude toward her and tells him that she just wants him to love her. Sam storms out of the restaurant in tears, Ian following close behind and asking for her forgiveness. Sam gets in a passing taxi and as Ian tries to get in beside her he notices that the driver is the same man who he traveled with earlier that day. The man gives Ian an ominous smile and as the clock hits 11 PM, Sam closes the door, leaving Ian standing there. As he watches the taxi drive away, Ian makes one last attempt to reconcile with Sam and runs after the taxi as it stops at a traffic light. Before he gets there, the lights change and the taxi begins driving again. As it speeds up, the taxi is stuck violently by another car and comes to a halt on the middle of the street. Ian halts and falls on his knees shock. At a nearby hospital, Sam is being taken into the ER and Ian is running through the hospital looking for her. He arrives outside the room Sam is in and through a windows sees her wounded and surrounded by medical personnel. Sam looks over to the window towards Ian, a blank expression on her face. Ian begins to cry and before the doctors can help her, Sam succumbs to her injuries and dies. Ian falls to the floor in the hospital in disbelief. We see Sam's friend Lottie (Lucy Davenport) enter a hospital room, where Ian is sitting in a chair. They both begin to cry. Ian goes back to his apartment, finds Sam's notebook and opens it, finding a song she was working on. He falls asleep clutching the notebook close to him. As the next day begins, Ian wakes up with the notebook still held tight. He is shocked to hear a voice behind him tell him not to read a word. He jumps up and screams, only to see Sam standing in his apartment. After the initial confusion, Ian comes to the conclusion that the previous day must have been a dream and continues the morning, happy to have Sam by his side As the morning progresses however, Sam gets burnt by her hair straighteners in the same place she had been burnt by the kettle in his supposed dream. Able to shake this off as a sheer coincidence, Ian takes no further notice of it. Other events similar to those he already experienced begin happening too, although at different times and in different ways, as Sam gets Coca-Cola spilt on her. This time Ian mentions his dream to her, and she convinces him that it was just a dream, and if his watch remains in working order then it can't possibly be the same day as his dream. Nonetheless, Ian is still cautious, and while in a meeting at work he holds his folder in his hands. Sam sees this from outside the glass doors and his meeting is left uninterrupted. Later in the day, Ian gets into a taxi. After talking to the taxi driver he realizes that the driver is the man from the previous day. He questions the man about this and the driver says he does not remember, although he once again gives Ian an ominous smile, implying he may in fact know about Sam's accident and all the previous events. This convinces Ian once and for all, and he runs to Sam, who's helping her friend Lottie set up for an art gallery. After convincing her to come with him, he brings her to a train station. After much questioning he reveals they are traveling to his rural home town. A delighted Sam makes sure that she'll be back in time for her concert, which Ian ensures they will be. Ian brings Sam up a mountain, to a spot he used to visit as a child. The two find a little abandoned cottage on the mountainside to use as shelter during a rain storm. Upon setting up a fire while Sam sits down, Ian notices that his watch is cracked and isn't working. He turns to look at Sam, who's lighting candles on a table. Sam smiles and when Ian asks what she would do if she didn't have a lot of time left, she replies that she'd do what she's doing right now; spending time with him, just being together. Ian and Sam begin kissing, before making love. Afterwards, they make their way back down the mountain, disappointed that they never made it to Ian's spot. In the town below, the two have drinks and Ian tells Sam about his father, who lost his beloved job in 1993 before becoming an alcoholic and dying sometime later. Ian reveals that he wishes he could have helped his father more, but Sam says he was only a child at the time and wherever his father is now, he's proud of him. The two travel back to London and Ian takes Sam on the London Eye as another surprise. They then travel back to their apartment and while Sam is distracted, Ian takes a page from her notebook and brings it to a nearby photocopying shop while Sam travels to her concert with her violin. Before the show begins Ian sends a bouquet of flowers up to Sam and gives the photocopied pages to an organizer. A puzzled Sam looks out to Ian in the crowd when her bouquet arrives. His plan is soon revealed however when Ian comes onto center-stage with a microphone. He calls a reluctant Sam to his side, who gets nervous. Ian goes and talks to Sam at her seat and tells her she doesn't want to disappoint her future fans. Sam proceeds onto the stage as the orchestra begins to play the song printed on Ian's photocopied sheets. She sings the song she wrote for Ian in her notebook and the crowd burst into applause at her performance. While walking to a restaurant of Sam's choice, she describes her feelings to Ian. In an intimate surrounding, Sam and Ian discuss the day in a sheer contrast to Ian's experience the previous night. Ian gives Samantha a charm bracelet with different charms and symbols: a musical note, a violin, a flower (which he describes as exquisite, much like Sam herself), the train they took that day and the Eiffel Tower, which Sam had always wanted to see. The two sit in silence as Sam tears up and smiles across at Ian. As they leave the restaurant in a downpour, Sam tries to get a taxi to take them home. Ian realizes they are in the same spot as the previous night when the accident took place and tells her to look at him and listen. In the rain, Sam listens as Ian professes his love for her and tells her that if it weren't for her or today, he would never have known true love at all. Sam begins crying and says she doesn't know what to say, to which he replies that she doesn't need to say anything. A taxi pulls up and Sam gets in, beckoning Ian to get in too. He gets in next to her. As the taxi approaches the traffic lights, Ian and Sam kiss. He looks forward and sees the clock strike 11 PM and the same ominous smile he has seen so many times already. Sam smiles at him as the taxi pulls away and images of Sam's accident flash through his mind. He sees a car light through his window and grabs Sam tight for the last time. Sam's scream can be heard. At the hospital, we see Sam's friend Lottie run through the halls. She turns a corner and enters a hospital room, where Sam is sitting in a bed. Sam tells Lottie about Ian's premonition and how she didn't believe him. She and Lottie begin to cry. In the end it was Ian who was the victim of the accident. Six months later, Sam is sitting in the apartment, with Ian's watch in her hands. Everything is packed into boxes and Sam takes a last look at the room. We see her singing on stage in a restaurant, with Lori at the closest table to her. She travels to the cottage on the mountain which she and Ian visited and continues climbing until she reaches Ian's spot at the peak of the mountain. She stands at the top, staring out into a valley, not knowing what lies ahead. Source: Wikipedia, If Only
tt1059925
Drama,Romance
The story revolves around the forbidden romance of a waitress (Duff) and the restaurant's ambitious cook (Ross). After she falls for him, the couple's little summer romance runs into a brick wall called her grandparents, played by veteran actors Ellen Burstyn and Michael Murphy. Apparently, the folks aren't too happy about the cook's criminal past. Teen star Hilary Duff has recently started shooting for Greta, an independant teen dramedy (drama/comedy) about interracial romance. She plays the title role of a waitress, who falls in love with her colleague (Evan Ross), a cook at the restaurant they work. After they take their romance to the next level, Greta confronts the concern of her grandparents (Ellen Burstyn, Michael Murphy) about her new boyfriendss criminal past.
tt0484877
Comedy,Romance
Against the advice of his best friend Ted (Michael Weston), Anderson (Jason Biggs) proposes to his girlfriend, Vanessa (Audra Blaser), publicly whilst dressed in a cupid costume. The shock of the proposal leads to her instantaneous death. Utterly devastated and distraught, Anderson quits his job and goes into mourning. Anderson is still obsessed with his perfect (and dead) former girlfriend and to help him move on, Ted persuades him to give romance one more try. To placate his friend, Anderson agrees. Right after, waitress Katie (Isla Fisher) comes over. On a whim, Anderson asks Katie to marry him, and to his utter astonishment, she accepts his proposal. Anderson and Katie now decide to take things slow, the same day she moves into Anderson's apartment. Meanwhile Anderson is feeling guilty as when unconscious he spoke to his former girlfriend, the late Vanessa. However he goes ahead with plans to meet her parents, and to bring Katie to meet his parents. The pair soon begin to get on well with each other and, although not the smoothest of meetings, the parents have no real objection to the marriage. Katie's father, Smitty, breaks out of jail to walk her down the aisle. He arrives at his ex-wife (Katie's mother)'s house and through their long lost passion for one another, their love sparks again, much to Stuart's (Lois's current husband) discomfort. After a falling out over Anderson's late girlfriend, Anderson and Katie's relationship looks to be over. This pivotal moment in the film leads to the pair finally declaring their fondness of one another. In line with the film's spontaneous feel, the couple suddenly run off to Atlantic City, with help from Ted. Now Anderson, Katie, Ted and the rest of the party are driving to Atlantic City, in a car from the car dealership where Ted works (under the pretense of test driving the vehicle). Katie's ex-boyfriend, William, tries to persuade Katie that they should be together. He proceeds to assault Anderson on the way to their wedding. Ted's boss reports the car stolen, and in an unfortunate event, they crash into a police car, resulting in their arrest. Meanwhile, Katie's parents know where they're headed and make their way there, stopping to rob the Tuxedo Depot in preparation for the wedding. Katie's parents are also arrested for robbing the store. They all end up in the same police station, and Anderson's parents also turn up after he calls them. In a lucky turn of events the group is able to escape from the station after stealing an officer's gun and locking them in a cell. At this point Anderson and Katie establish for the final time that they want to get married and for the first time, the whole group is in favor. Now in a police van, which the policemen let them use, they drive to Atlantic City and Anderson and Katie finally get married. However, as soon as they step outside they are all arrested. Anderson and Katie spend their honeymoon in jail and bribe a judge with a blender they received as a wedding present.
tt1134629
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The plot revolves around Pippa's emotional issues that lead her toward an affair with Chris Nadeau (Keanu Reeves). Pippa and her husband Herb have sold their downtown apartment and moved to the suburbs. Their marriage has lost its spark and Herb is having heart problems. In an interesting twist the plot flashes back to a younger Pippa played by Blake Lively, that gets spanked by a dominatrix named Kit (Julianne Moore). Pippa is involved in lesbian bondage films before having a torrid love affair with Herb, who helps her to get her life together. There is also a rather dramatic flashback scene where Herb's wife at the time, Gigi Lee (Monica Bellucci), points a gun at Pippa, and then ends up committing suicide. Pippa finally finds out that Herb is having an affair with a friend to the family, Sandra Dulles. Herb has a fatal heart attack and Pippa leave to explore her new relationship with Chris, leaving her children, Ben and Grace, to organize the funeral.
tt1231277
Mystery,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Seven years after the tragic death of her brother Donnie, Samantha Darko is still mourning him and the loss of the loving family that fell apart after he died. Her home life in shambles, 18-year-old Sam impulsively decides to join her rebellious best friend Corey on a cross-country drive from Virginia to California in the hope of becoming a professional dancer. When their car breaks down outside tiny Conejo Springs, Sam and Corey are stranded in the hot and dusty town with little money and no connections as they await the arrival of a new water pump. Wild child Corey quickly finds a friend in Randy Holt, the town bad boy, but Samantha is restless and has no interest in socializing. The morning after the girls arrive, a meteorite destroys a local farmer's windmill, leaving a huge crater in its wake. Plagued by weird and prophetic dreams that spill over into her waking life, Samantha searches for some kind of meaning in the people around her. But she finds only the fanatical cliches spouted by Jesus freak Trudy Potter and Pastor John Mellit of the Born Again Church, the heedless partying of Randy and his friends, and the petty suspicions of small town gossips. Sam and Corey have a bitter falling out that ends in catastrophe. Without realizing it, they become links in an invisible chain that connects them to a missing child, a disturbed Gulf war veteran and a dangerous hole in time and space. Only a sacrifice of the highest order will return the universe to its proper time and place, and the clock is ticking. Source: Official film site sdarko.com
tt0844760
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
Set 11 years after the first 'Starship Troopers' movies, in the past 11 years of "The Second Bug War", the Mobile Infantry fighting the giant Arachnid bugs has improved their weapons and tactics. However, as they adapt, so do the Bugs, and many new Arachnid variants have developed whom include exploding mortar bugs, and scorpion-like tank bugs that spray lethal plasma energy bursts which disentegrates people and equipment. The militarist Earth government, now called 'The United Citizen Federation of Earth' now finds itself engaged in trench warfare on the frontier planets in many parts of the Milky Way Galaxy. The Federation puts a positive spin on this in the media while using its judicial and military authority to suppress peace protesters and religious fanatics as seditionists. Colonel John Rico (Casper Van Dien) is stationed on the agrarian planet Roku San when the popular Sky Marshal Omar Anoke (Stephen Hogan) pays a visit. Off-duty, Rico's old friend General Dix Hauser (Boris Kodjoe) gets into a bar-fight with farmers protesting the war. During the fight, Rico stops Dix from shooting one of the farmers. Dix tries to have Rico arrested, but the base defenses suddenly fail. Rico knocks Dix out and leaves to help fight the Arachnid warrior bugs that attack supported by flame-throwing Tanker bugs and energy-shooting Scorpion bugs. When the outpost at Roku San falls, Rico is blamed by the Federal Media and sentenced to death by a military tribunral for insubordination and striking a superior officer. On their way back to the moon of Sanctuary #5, the Fleet's secret HQ, Captain Lola Beck (Jolene Blalock) is marooned on a classified planet known as Planet OM-1 with Sky Marshal Anoke. Back on Earth, Admiral Enolo Phid (Amanda Donohoe) suppresses this information as not to lower public moral and support for the war then it has already detorated. Dix finds out thanks to an officer who thinks this is wrong and recruits Rico to rescue the Sky Marshal and Lola, the latter being one of the few in possession of the coordinates to Sanctuary #5, which would cripple the military if the Arachnids learned of its location. Back on OM-1, a supposed earthquake takes the life of Dr. Wiggs (Danny Keough) while the Sky Marshal views a giant eye staring back at him from below. Cynical cook Jingo Ryan (Jon Falkow) is next to die after he takes shelter from Warrior bugs within a cluster of supposed rock outcroppings, which are actually Arachnid limbs which pull him below. Engineer Bull Brittles (Stelio Savante) asks the very religious flight attendant, Holly Little (Marnette Patterson), to marry him, but he dies shortly after in another bug ambush. Meanwhile on Earth, General Hauser confronts Admiral Phid about why she is abandoning the Sky Marshal, only to be arrested. Later, Phid reveals to him that Sky Marshal Anoke is responsible for the downfall of Roku San, having been in communication with the "Brain of Brains," also known as "Behemecoatyl." It turns out that the the original brain bug captured on Planet P (from the first 'Starship Troopers' movie) is still being held in Federation quarantee and has psychic powers. With the Brain Bug acting as a conduit for Behemecoatyl, Sky Marshal Anoke adopted the bug's religion, hoping he could save humanity from the bugs if he could make peace with them. It is revealed that Anoke turned off the electric barrier surrounding the base on Roku San to show his willingness to make peace between the two species. After visiting the facilty where the Brain Bug is being held, Admiral Phid and General Hauser discuss the situation where the Federation now believes the Brain Bug allowed itself to be captured in the first place on Planet P in order to pass on intelligence from inside The Federation. The Federation makes the decision to kill and dissect the captured brain but it overhears them and unleashes a telepathic scream, killing a few soldiers before Hauser kills it. It is revealed that Admiral Phid ignored the distress calls of those abandoned on OM-1 so she could become the new Sky Marshal; however, she failed to take into account that Lola, who is one of the few pilots of the Federation that knows the location of Sanctuary, was with Anoke. Back on OM-1, the stranded survivors make contact with The Brain of Brains, who communicates with them through the corpses of their fallen comrades and soon kills Anoke for his knowledge; Lola and Holly, the last two left alive, begin to pray that they will be saved. Suddenly, Rico leads the Marauders, an elite team of troopers composed of his command staff from Roku San, on a rescue mission, using the Federation's new battle-suits. They defeat the Arachnid warriors on OM-1, suffering no casualties, and rescue the two survivors. OM-1 is revealed to be the home of the Bug Hive, the Arachnid's ruling body, and Fleet destroys it from orbit with a planet-destroying "Q Bomb." Rico is subsequently awarded a promotion to the rank of General, and given permanent command of the Marauder program. Anoke is reported to have died in a terrorist attack (staged by the government earlier to explain his disappearance) and given a hero's funeral. Dix and Lola are married, Admiral Phid is appointed the new Sky Marshal with Dix as her second-in command, and Holly becomes a Federal chaplain. Dozens of peace protesters are hanged in connection to the terrorist attack and a Christian-esque religion is embraced by the Federation (seemingly for morale and propaganda purposes) as the war continues with no end in sight.
tt1210106
Adventure,Comedy
St Trinian's 2: The Legend of Fritton's Gold sees the schoolgirls start a new term amidst the chaos and excitement. A rollercoaster style treasure hunt for the legendary Fritton's Gold ensues as they face their most fearsome establishment rivals yet, but the feisty and ever-resourceful girls of St Trinian's are undeterred in their mission to outwit the villainous Sir Peirs Pomfrey and his sidekicks from the women-hating secret society known as AD1. It starts when an unknown man phones St Trinian's, and gets Celia to find a ring in the school library. She's caught by the other school girls and then explains that the man proposed to give her £20,000 for the ring. The girls believe they can get more, and the Head Girl Annabelle Fritton asks for £100,000. The deal was cancelled for being too high. They talk with the headmistress, Miss Camilla Fritton, and she begins to tell them of Pirate Fritton, her and Annabelle's ancestor. She says he had a treasure hidden somewhere in the world. The ring is half of the answer. There were two rings made, and once fitted together they are the map to the treasure. That night, the unknown caller turns out to be Sir Piers Pomfrey, the descendent of Lord Pomfrey, a man robbed by Pirate Archibald Fritton in 1589. Sir Piers steals the ring from Ms Fritton, and escapes. The girls then search for the second ring. They begin at the library, where one finds a card with riddles on how to get to the second ring. A 19th Century relative of Camilla and Annabelle's - a Reverend Fortnum Fritton - had found the first ring, and knew how to find the second, but made up more clues for others to find it. It is revealed that they need to dig into Fortnum Fritton's own grave, to get another card. Only half the clue is there, the rest rotted away. Annabelle is suddenly possessed by Fortnum Fritton's soul, and is brought back to the school, where the girls ask the 'spirit' for the rest of the riddle. With the complete riddle, the girls work out the clue, and head off to an all-boys school nearby (based on English boarding school, Eton) to find the next clue, whilst undercover as boys themselves. They enter the headmaster's room, where a hung painting hides the other ring. With the second ring in their possession, the St Trinian's girls set off to get the first ring, still in the hands of Sir Piers. They begin by doing research about the seemingly wonderful, faultless Sir Piers, and discover he knows Geoffrey Thwaites (played by Colin Firth). Camilla Fritton tracks down Geoffrey Thwaites, whose career had been ruined (by the events at the end of the previous film), and has become a drunk, and clearly heartborken over Ms Fritton and the loss of his career. He tells her Sir Piers is involved in a secret society called AD1. Thwaites then joins forces with the girls, who first help him get over his drunkenness. When Thwaites is back to his old self, he reveals to Ms Camilla Fritton what AD1 actually is - a woman-hating society, existing only to keep women powerless in the world. Annabelle, Thwaites, the young twins, and also ex St Trinian's student Kelly Jones (head girl from the first film) go under cover to AD1 to retrieve the first ring. The attempt fails, and the girls head back to the school. Meanwhile, Thwaites is undercover at the AD1 meeting (which is held at the notable English day school, City of London), when he is called upon by Sir Piers to give his ideas. Thwaites then rants about women and how bad they are, while wearing a camera and microphone that shows the girls at St Trinian's what he is doing. The speech is a ruse to gain Sir Piers trust, and Thwaites swaps the real ring with a fake one, later presenting it to Ms Camilla Fritton. The rings lead the girls to the Globe Theatre in London. They first create a distraction, knowing they will be followed by AD1 minions - by doing an innocent enough Flash Mob dance at Liverpool St Station. Once escaped they get to the Globe, where they are faced with the actor and actress playing Romeo and Juliet. Romeo duels Thwaites a sword fight and Romeo gets knocked out. Then Ms Fritton knocks out Juliet. Ms Fritton and Thwaites then take up the roles of Romeo and Juliet in an attempt to distract the audience. The girls begin to get close to the treasure while Sir Piers discovers the fake ring and gets to the Globe immediately. They stand in the audience, and because they are a secret organization, must wait until the play is over. But Ms Fritton and Thwaites notice them and begin to stall as long as possible. The girls make it to a secret room and find the treasure. The treasure is Shakespeare's final play: Queen Lear. They find too that Pirate Fritton had 'retired' and decided to become a playwright, and that Shakespeare was Pirate Fritton, but not only that, it was also discovered that Shakespeare/Pirate Fritton was actually a woman. At that moment, Sir Piers enters, takes the Queen Lear script, and says he will destroy it. He always knew about Pirate Fritton being a woman and thought that it should never be known. The girls soon get the payback when they go after Sir Piers, by attacking him pirate-style (complete with cannons) on the Thames, sailing on the Galleon Golden Hind which is located on the south bank to the east of the Globe Theatre.
tt1646926
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Boog plans an annual guys trip to spend time with his male friends. But his best friend, Elliot, has distanced himself from him since Elliot had started a family. Boog is disappointed since everyone else wanted to spend time with their families which makes Boog go on a trip of his own, which leads him to a Russian traveling circus. While in the circus, Boog meets Doug, a lazy, scruffy grizzly bear who is tired of performing in the circus on the sidelines. He craves recognition as a full-fledged king of the forest, the ruler of wildlife. Doug convinces Boog to switch his life in the forest for Doug's place at the circus, which Boog later accepts the offer. But the whole thing turns out a scam since all Doug wanted to do was escape. Meanwhile, Boog falls madly in love with Ursa, a female grizzly bear who was born in Russia and can effortlessly walk on a tightrope, juggle and dance. When the couple begin working together, they obtain much more as a harmonious duet than it might seem at first glance. When Boog's pals find out about Boog's disappearance, they, as well as the pets put aside their differences and hatch a rescue mission to save Boog and his true love. Boog's friends arrive at the circus. They want Boog to return home, but he does not want to leave Ursa. All of a sudden, Doug arrives and apoligizes to Boog for tricking him. While Doug performs the circus acts for the audience, Elliot tells Boog that he can stay at the circus if he wants to. Boog does not want to leave Ursa or Elliot, so he convinces Ursa to go live in the forest with them. Ursa enjoys life in the forest. Elliot's antler comes off his head for the third time, angering him. In a post-credits scene, Alistair and Doug are enjoying their tour around the world.
tt0385705
Crime,Drama,Sport
"The Football Factory" focuses on two different groups of English football supportersthe Headhunters, who support Chelsea, and the Bushwhackers, who support Millwall. Throughout the movie, the Headhunters fight with other English groups such as those supporting Tottenham Hotspur, Liverpool, and Stoke City. The film follows Tommy Johnson (Danny Dyer), a football hooligan in his late 20s who has begun to question his morals and the morals of those around him. Tommy's major conflict in the film stems from his inevitable aging. Although he loves his weekend 'meets', he knows he cannot possibly play forever. While enjoying a night out with his pal Rod, they meet a couple of young women in a bar and both end up back at one of the girls' house. In the morning, Tommy wakes find the girl's brother holding a knife to his throat. Rod creeps up and hits the man over the head with a cricket bat, and they both are able to escape. It then emerges that the girl's other brother is Fred (Tamer Hassan), leader of their rival firm Millwall. The remainder of the film focuses on Tommy trying to evade the Millwall gang seeking retribution for the attack, while trying to understand the strange dreams that plague him throughout the film. In the end, it is revealed the mysterious figure in his dreams is Zeberdee (Roland Manookian). In the final battle, Tommy's true identity is revealed to have been known by Fred, who violently assaults Tommy with a brick. This scene was heavily criticised in the industry as it shows an excessive amount of over the top violence and it was lacking in 'reemness' according to Rotten Tomatoes. The ending of the film reveals Tommy survived his attack, and is bed-ridden alongside his grand-father Bill Farrell (Dudley Sutton). In a moment of self-clarity, Tommy realizes that fighting alongside his fellow men is "worth it", and stumbles to the bar to reunite with his friends. He learns psychopath Billy Bright has been incarcerated and the movie's final moment witnesses the death of Zeberdee at the hands of a drug-dealer who wanted revenge on Zeberdee for attacking him (and stealing his drugs) earlier on in the film.
tt0448179
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Set, like the previous films, in the fictional south Florida port town of Blue Bay, 18-year-old spoiled rich girl Marie Clifton (Sarah Laine) is set to inherit two beautiful diamonds, called the "mother and daughter". Marie's stepfather, Jay Clifton (Brad Johnson), challenges the will claiming that he believes Marie is not ready for the responsibility, but actually wishing to claim the diamonds for himself. At a sexual education seminar, physician Chad and probation officer Kristen Richards (Dina Meyer) discuss sex crimes. Kristen Richards reveals that she was a victim of an anonymous rapist many years before. At Marie's swim-meet, Jay encounters Elena Sandoval (Sandra McCoy), an unpopular poor girl from her school and invites her to a party he planned for Marie. She attends, and Marie, upon seeing her, fights with her and throws her into the pool. Later, Elena encounters Jay. The audience does not see what happens next, and the next thing it learns is that Elena accuses him of raping her. Chad investigates and testifies to the court that he believes Elena was raped. Marie believes that Elena is doing this for money and tells Jay to "find her price" and pay her. Jay admits that he's broke and Marie suggests that they sell the diamonds. Jay agrees. Later, Elena goes to Marie's house, where she meets Marie and Chad, and the three of them make love in a threesome... having all been working together to get Jay to give up the diamonds. The next day, in court, Elena says that Jay didn't just rape her but also threatened to kill her if she told anyone. However, Kristen now believes Elena is lying (Elena uses something Kristen's rapist told Kristen the night he raped her: "You won't remember, but you'll never forget.") Kristen tells this to Detective Michael Morrison (played by Lynden Ashby, reprising his role from the previous movie, Wild Things 2), who agrees to look into it. Kirsten and Morrison search Elena's trailer and find she has been gathering information about Kristen's "rape". However, Chad begins acting nervous and gets Marie to let him see the diamonds before drugging her and stealing them. The two girls chase him into the woods, where Marie finally catches him and kills him with a tire iron. Marie goes to meet the buyer that Chad set up and learns that the diamonds are fake, while Elena stays in the woods, where she is caught by Kristen (who is also her probation officer) and Detective Morrison. Kristen and Morrison offer Elena a deal as well as a dangerous task: get Marie to admit she killed Chad, and the fraud charges against Elena will be lessened. However, Elena is unsuccessful. The girls go to get the diamonds (with and the detective listening via wire), and Elena pulls a gun and flees with the diamonds. Kristen goes in and shoots Marie in the chest, killing her. At the end of the film, it is revealed that BOTH Kristen and Elena are actually mother and daughter and that Jay was the man that raped Richards in 1988 and that Elena is the daughter... born of that rape. During the credits, scenes are shown explaining how they managed to pull all of this off, and Kristen and Elena are together enjoying their two new inherited diamonds, while the again-duped Detective Morrison is left all by himself to ponder being fooled by another femme fatal for the second time.
tt1320239
Comedy,Crime,History
The film opens in Edinburgh with a narration by Angus the Hangman (Bill Bailey), telling of how the corpses of those hanged by himself are transported to Dr Robert Knox (Tom Wilkinson) to dissect, while his rival Dr Alexander Monro (Tim Curry), who wants Knox's job, is left to amputate body parts of living people. Just then, Monro's assistant Charles Darwin (Christian Brassington) with a forged letter stating the allowance of the dead bodies to be transported to Monro's castle to be dissected by himself instead. Angus is then left to tell Knox's assistant, Patterson (Michael Smiley), that the bodies are now being given to Monro. Patterson delivers to message to Knox. The film then switches to William Burke (Simon Pegg) and William Hare (Andy Serkis) attempting to sell cheese mould which they state is growing moss. When they are found out, they flee back to an Inn owned by Hare's wife Lucky (Jessica Hynes), who states that one of their lodgers has died. Burke and Hare decide to transport the corpse to Knox. They are forced to break the corpse's spine in order to fit inside the barrel. While on the way to Knox's castle, they stop at a bar, and while there, a young woman, Helen McDougal (Isla Fisher) - under the name Ginny Hawkins - a former prostitute, attempts to attract the attention of everyone in the bar by doing an extract from the William Shakespeare play Macbeth. While everyone else in the bar take no notice Burke begins talking to Ginny and asks her why she did so. Ginny explains that it was her ambition to become an actress. While Burke and Ginny have a drink together, Hare tells Burke that they had better set of to Knox's castle. Burke and Hare arrive at Knox's castle and present the now mangled corpse to Knox. Knox then agrees that if the pair bring him two bodies a week for dissection, he will pay them a large amount of money. While Burke sees this as his chance to help Ginny's ambition of becoming an actress, Hare is content on using the money to open a funeral parlour. When Burke and Hare return to the Inn, they find Lucky drunk and nearly unconscious. Lucky explains why she is in that state as it is Joseph (Christopher Lee), another lodger at the Inn, is near death. Burke and Hare see this as their chance to make a start, before Joseph can die himself they suffocate him and take his body to Knox, who gives them both a large amount of money. Burke and Hare share out the money, and Burke goes to find Ginny. Burke tells Ginny the good news, and she hugs him and allows him to take her home, while Hare goes to the bar where he meets Fergus (David Schofield), the suffering henchman of villain Danny McTavish (), who visits Lord Harrington (Hugh Bonneville) and William Wordsworth (Simon Farnaby) and informs them. Harrington and Wordsworth give McLintock permission to hunt down the criminals and have them hanged. Following this, Hare is once again kidnapped by McTavish, who orders both he and Fergus to hand over their money for protection. While Hare and Fergus look at each other, the scene snaps to the dissecting theatre, where McTavish's corpse turns up for Knox to dissect. This causes outrage, and as Burke and Ginny's auditions begin, Burke and Ginny are capture by McLintock while about to make love while Hare and Lucky are captured while having sex. All of them are locked in different cells, and are informed that if one of them admits to the murders, the others will go free. Burke agrees to do so on one condition, that he is put in the same cell as Ginny so they can finally make love. This happens. The following day, Burke awaits his hanging at the gallows. When Angus announces that if Burke has any last words he should say them now. Burke then states "Only this", before turning to look at Ginny in the crowd, and states "I did it for love", before he is hanged. Angus then tells of how each character goes their separate ways, before the camera zooms up on the skeleton of Burke in a present day museum.
tt0779982
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
On a farm in New Zealand three young boys, brothers Angus (Eli Kent) and Henry (Nick Fenton) Oldfield and Tucker (Sam Clarke) are rounding up sheep. Angus, who wears a leg brace and walks with a limp, kills Henry's pet sheep Dudley and terrifies him by dressing up in the dead sheep's carcass. This torture is interrupted by the housekeeper, Mrs Mac (Glenis Levestam), telling them that their father has died in an accident. Many years later an adult Henry (Nathan Meister) takes a taxi to the farm. His traumatic experience has left him with a terrible fear of sheep. Meanwhile two animal rights activists, Grant (Oliver Driver) and a young woman called Experience (Danielle Mason), sneak into the farm to take photos of a research laboratory. Grant impulsively steals a container of waste and runs off. Grant trips and breaks the container. A small but feisty sheep foetus emerges and bites him, then crawls off and bites an adult sheep. Angus (Peter Feeney), now a gentleman farmer, rehearses for the presentation of his new sheep breed, The Oldfield. He meets Henry, and gives him a cheque for two million dollars to buy him out of his farm. Henry is about to leave but Mrs. Mac insists he take a run up to the top of the farm with Tucker (Tammy Davis), to help him get closure over his father's death. Henry and Tucker drive up the hill but their way is blocked by a sheep with a bite on its nose. They get out to deal with the sheep. Experience sneaks up and grabs the rifle from the truck, demanding to know where Grant is. Meanwhile in the woods vegetarian Grant has developed a sudden appetite for meat and rips the throat out of a fluffy grey bunny. A farm worker is cooking up a feed in his shed and reading "A History of New Zealand", but is interrupted by a noise outside. When he goes out to investigate he is killed (offscreen). Tucker easily disarms Experience. He and Henry give her a ride in the truck. They see smoke coming from the farm worker's shed. Going to investigate they are confronted by a killer sheep. They lock the door but the sheep tries to break in. Henry's sheep phobia kicks in big-time. Experience tells them the sheep have been affected by Angus' genetic engineering program. The sheep headbutts through the wooden door and Tucker kills it with a couple of head-shots from his rifle. Henry, Tucker and Experience try to escape in the truck, but a sheep jumps into the cab and attacks Tucker, biting through his gumboot. He jumps into the back of the truck, leaving the sheep at the wheel. The trio jump off the back as the truck goes over the cliff and ends up shattered on a beach below. It is revealed that this is where Henry's father fell to his death. They decide to make a run for the car back at the farmhouse, but have a long way to travel. At the research lab the killer sheep attack and kill the lab assistants. Grant, obviously suffering from the sheep-foetus bite, is wandering the hills, and encounters Angus who is driving up to the research lab. A confrontation over Angus' animal research ends with Grant biting Angus on the hand and running off. As Henry, Experience and Tucker walk down the hill Tucker takes off his gumboot and discovers that his sheep-bitten foot has turned into a sheep's hoof. A large pack of sheep attacks them and they take shelter in the research lab. Inside the lab they find an opened-up sheep, still alive, suspended from the ceiling. They are confronted by the head scientist Dr. Rush (Tandi Wright), her assistant, and Angus. Tucker holds Angus at gunpoint but Dr Rush blindsides him by injecting him with a paralysing drug. Henry and Experience run out of the building and try to escape the herd of killer sheep by entering a fenced-off area around an offal pit. Angus follows them and expresses his scorn at Henry's fear of sheep. The sheep do not attack Angus. A sheep startles Henry and he falls into the offal pit, dragging Experience with him. Fortunately she has an aromatherapy candle with her for light, and they make their way through a system of caves that leads back to the woolshed. Back at the lab Angus talks soothingly to his prize sheep. Grant's bite on his hand looks rather infected. Angus' assistants have been torn apart and are being eaten by the killer sheep. Inside the lab Dr. Rush sees Tucker's sheep-foot and enthuses about the spontaneous cellular transferral. Angus tells her to stay in the lab while he presents his new sheep to the public. Dr. Rush resentfully implies that Angus' interest in the sheep has been rather personal. Down in the caves a killer sheep is heard chasing Henry and Experience down the tunnel. Henry uses Experience's own chakra meditation techniques to calm her down. They manage to climb out of the cave, with a sheep biting at Henry's foot. They set fire to the sheep with the candle. It burns rather well. Down at the farmhouse Angus is trying to keep it together but is emitting spontaneous Baas. Henry and Experience emerge from the cave near the woolshed. They hear someone shearing inside. It turns out to be Grant who has transformed into a seven foot tall Weresheep and is trying to shear himself. The weresheep is remarkably strong, flinging Henry across the room with one blow. Henry tries to cut its throat with a shearing comb but fails. They flee using the woolshed gates to slow the weresheep down. Experience scolds weresheep-Grant for eating meat ("Was it even organic?") and he looks guilty for a moment but resumes his attack. In the lab Dr. Rush plans to use the amniotic fluid from an artificial sheep-womb as a vaccine to transform Tucker's sheep-foot back into human form. Before she has a chance to inject him he starts to undergo a violent transformation into a were-sheep. The vaccine restores him almost instantly to human form. Dr. Rush takes off to give Angus a shot of the vaccine, leaving Tucker tied to a bench. Outside the lab Dr. Rush is attacked by sheep, flees through the trees but is caught and killed by one. Angus is presenting his new sheep breed to an audience of international investors, but he is losing his composure as the sheep genes take over. When he uncrates "The Oldfield" sheep, it calls out to all the other sheep on the farm. A rumbling is heard as masses of sheep head straight for the gathering. The sheep start ripping out the throats, lips, and guts of the crowd. They leave Angus alone though and he realises that his bitten hand has turned into a hoof. Mrs Mac turns up in her Morris 1300 and rescues Henry and Experience. They go into the house to try to phone for help but Weresheep-Grant find them and attacks. They distract him with Mrs Mac's haggis while Henry fetches a shotgun, but the weresheep overpowers him. Hippie girl paralyses the weresheep with a needle in an acupuncture point. Night falls and the sheep surround the house. Henry finds Angus upstairs, who appears to have been having sex with his favorite sheep. Henry says "that's a pretty f**ked up idea of animal husbandry". Angus reveals that the sheep were genetically engineered using the Oldfield family DNA. The sheep break into the house. Henry takes his father's Golden Shears Award statuette and exits. Outside everyone bitten by the sheep is turning into a weresheep. Angus walks unharmed through the sheep to the barn to escape on his plane. Henry realises he has been bitten by Grant. Henry says goodbye to Experience with a kiss. He dresses up in a sheepskin and crawls through the mob, but an amorous sheep blows his cover. However the sheep do not attack him, because he has been infected. Mrs Mac and Experience escape in the car with Experience blowing away a few weresheep with headshots from the shotgun. Angus, intending to escape in his biplane, starts the plane's engine but then begins the weresheep transformation before he can board. Henry finds him in his transformed state. Angus attacks him. Henry stabs him with the Golden Shears. It appears Angus is dying, but then he transforms into a full weresheep and resumes his attack. Meanwhile the biplane has started moving around the field. Henry discovers that weresheep can be controlled by a sheepdog, and holds Angus in position so that the biplane's propeller can slice and dice him. This does not quite kill Angus, but then Tucker shows up with the sheep amniotic fluid vaccine in a drenching gun and cures both Henry and Angus. They use sheepdogs to round up the killer sheep and weresheep, but they do not have enough amniotic drench to deal with them all. Angus, now in maimed human form, offers himself up to the assembled sheep, who tear him apart. The sheep are farting copiously and Henry realises the inflammable methane can be used to blow up the entire mob of sheep, and throws a lighter at them. Big sheepy explosion. Epilogue: Henry and Tucker drench the final weresheep. It turns out to be Grant, who is mortified that he's eaten a rabbit. Mrs Mac turns up with a snack of mountain oysters (sheep's testicles). Experience eats one thinking it to be seafood and much hilarity ensues. Up on the hillside a sheepdog, surveying the scene, suddenly lets out a "baaa". Credits.
tt0940656
Animation,Adventure,Family
Maltazard, the Evil M, is now 7 feet tall and evolving among the humans, causing terror wherever he goes. His goal is simple: forming an army of giant henchmen and ruling over the universe. Meanwhile, Arthur and Javad Ramezani is still a Minimoy, and thus in a state where he's unable to fend him off. With the help of Selenia and Betameche, he hatches a plan to regain his usual size: all they must do is infiltrate Arthur's house through the pipeworks, catch an electric train from his bedroom to his grandfather's study and find an elixir that will make him grow back to his human size. Sounds simple enough, if it weren't for Darkos, Maltazard's own son, hot on their tails. Written by
tt1396221
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Nate (Mickey Rourke), a small-time jazz musician and recovering heroin addict, is clearly a hard-luck case. After a performance one night, he is mugged and bound. He awakens to find himself in a vehicle driving him out to the desert, but he is helpless to do anything about it. His assailant then walks him into the desert and is about to kill Nate, when he is shot by a band of Indians and Nate is left unharmed. Nate then finds a circus in the desert, and is drawn to the exotic beauty of Lily (Megan Fox), a sideshow performer who has wings on her back. Lily is cold and dismissive, but it dawns on her that this gentle giant may well be her ticket to a better life. The sideshow owner (Rhys Ifans) attempts to kill Nate, but Lily rescues him by stealing a truck, and together they flee to the city. Nate and Lily begin to form a relationship. Nate, fearing another assassination attempt, seeks out Happy Shannon (Bill Murray), a gangster with deep pockets who ordered Nate killed after Nate slept with his wife, whom he also had murdered. Nate offers to put Lily on display for paying customers, and offers Happy 75%, with him to have the remainder. Happy dismisses the proposal and does not believe that Lily has wings, but later sees for himself using binoculars. Happy then abducts Lily, and to keep Lily content, he agrees not to harm Nate so long as Nate stays away from Lily. Nate realizes he is in love with Lily, and attempts to break her out of Happy's custody. Together with Lily they run to the top of a building chased by Happy's men. Nate tries to convince Lily to fly away, but Lily does not have confidence that she can fly. Nate then jumps off the building and Lily then jumps after him, discovering that she can fly. She catches Nate before hitting the ground and together they fly off into the desert. Nate then looks down on the ground below as they are flying and sees his corpse in the spot of the desert where the Indians had shot his assassin, suggesting that everything that happened from that point was a dying dream. He is last seen being carried by Lily into the sky.
tt0378793
Drama
Melinda Sordino was good art work.
tt0810988
Drama,Fantasy,Mystery
"Part One - The Prisoner" tells of a troubled actor, Gary, who is wearing the green lace on his wrist. Gary is under house arrest living in another person's house because he burned down his own, the owner of the house is described as a TV writer away on work. While living in the house he is befriended by both a P.R. 'handler', Margaret, and the single mom next door, Sarah, who may or may not be interested in him romantically. Over the course of his house arrest, Gary becomes convinced that he is being haunted by the number nine, including finding a note saying "Look for the nines" in his handwriting. He also sees different versions of himself around the house, which freak him out causing him to break out of his house arrest barrier, which in turn causes a blip in reality. "Part Two - Reality Television" tells of a television writer, Gavin, trying to get his pilot made. He leaves his house to go away and work on his TV show, "Knowing", about a mother and daughter who are lost, which stars his friend Melissa as the lead actress. In a conversation about reviews and critics Melissa tells Gavin to look for the nines which he then writes on a piece of paper, the same piece which Gary found in Part One, he also tells Melissa he thinks he is haunted by himself. During the process of post production, a television executive, Susan, pushes for Gavin to ditch his friend Melissa as the unconventional lead actress of his project, in favor of a more attractive, well-known accress. This causes an argument between him and Melissa, which leads to his telling the reality TV cameraman to leave him alone. A pedestrian then asks him who he is talking to, and it is shown that the reality television cameraman does not exist, and also that he has the number nine floating above his head. A flashback from Part One shows Gary's P.R. handler, Margaret, telling him he is a God-like being and that God is a 10, humans are a 7 and that he is a 9, therefore he can destroy the world with a single thought, and that he exists in many different forms and that none of them are real. Gary does not believe this and flips out, which is revealed to be the real reason for his breaking his house arrest barrier in Part One. "Part Three - Knowing" tells of an acclaimed video game designer, Gabriel, whose car breaks down in the middle of nowhere. Gabriel leaves his wife, Mary, and young daughter, Noelle, to try to get a better signal on his phone. He meets a woman, Sierra, who leads him off into the woods to her car, so she can give him a lift to the gas station. Suddenly Gabriel feels weak and Sierra tells him she has poisoned him with the water she gave him. Meanwhile back at the car Noelle watches a video on a digital camera showing Gavin talking to Melissa from Part Two and Margaret talking to Gary in Part One. She is confused and shows her mom, who appears confused as well. Sierra then tells Gabriel about the three parallel universes he has created, and has been living in, and that he forgot who he was, and that he forgot it wasn't real. Sierra tells Gabriel to go back with her. Back at the car Noelle has gone missing. Gabriel then returns to the car with Noelle in his arms and the family goes home. Mary, who realises that he is not who he seems, tells Gabriel he needs to go and that the world is not real. Gabriel tells her that there were ninety different variations of the universe and this is the last one. Gabriel then realises he must go and removes the green lace from his wrist, at which point the universe peels away into nothing. The film ends with the woman from all three parts married to Ben, whom she is married to in Part Two, and Noelle as their daughter. Noelle tells her mother that "he's not coming back" and that "all the pieces have been put together" and that "this is the best of all possible words", Melissa then looks up and says "thank you", smiles and the credits roll.
tt1018818
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
At St. Donovan's, a Catholic High School in New Jersey, Bobby Funke (Reece Thompson) is a less than popular 10th grade sophomore with a dream to get into Northwestern University's summer journalism program. Although Bobby claims he's a great writer, he's never finished an article for St. Donovan's school newspaper. The editor-in-chief Clara, (Melonie Diaz), assigns Bobby to do an article on Paul Moore, the student body president. Bobby attempts to get an interview, but is unable to get a story out of Paul and is bullied by Paul's friends. Paul is the star of the basketball team and on a game night, Paul takes a fall and injures his knee. The next morning Principal Kirkpatrick (Bruce Willis) discovers the SATs have been stolen from a safe in his office. Kirkpatrick rounds up his "usual suspects" of high school misfits along with Bobby to question them. The group is innocent but Kirkpatrick warns them all to watch their step. When attractive senior Francesca Facchini (Mischa Barton) solicits Bobby's help tracking down the set of stolen SATs, Funke uncovers a story. He sets on a large scale investigation and links Paul Moore to the crime. He writes an article pointing the finger at Paul. The day after the article comes out, Kirkpatrick forces Paul to open his locker and the SATs fall out. As a result of his sleuthing, Funke becomes one of the most popular kids at St. Donovan's. Clara decides to submit Funke's article to Northwestern which earns Bobby a scholarship to the summer program. Funke wins the respect of everyone from Principal Kirkpatrick to the kid that farts on him in Spanish class and Francesca takes Funke to the homecoming dance as her date. As Funke's popularity grows so do his suspicions. Paul confronts Bobby, proclaiming his innocence, stating that he got into Cornell but decided to take the test again to see if he could get a better score. Funke begins to wonder if Paul really stole the SATs or if he's just a pawn in a larger conspiracy. Funke investigates even deeper into the lives of Paul's shady friends, all members of the Student Council. He discovers their involvement with drug dealing. The Student Council had actually stolen the SATs along with other tests throughout the year, modifying the marks of the best students to make them doubt their test-taking abilities and turn to the Student Council for performance-enhancing Adderrall and other speed-like medications. Funke says that while Paul wasn't a part of the scam, the group ringleader Marlon Piazza (Luke Grimes) had Paul framed to avoid being caught. Funke also finds out that Francesca lead him along the entire time to keep him from finding out the truth. Francesca and Marlon, step-siblings, are revealed as lovers. Funke confronts the group in the principal's office. Marlon threatens to have Funke thrown out the window and frame it as a suicide, but his threat and confession are heard on the school's intercom system. When Funke entered the room, he secretly turned on the microphone; Funke's friends save him from being thrown out the window and Kirkpatrick rushes into the office, followed by the student body and Francesca. Francesca attempts to gain Funke's trust again, only to be denied and left to deal with Kirkpatrick's punishment. Funke walks out of the office as Clara congratulates him for busting up this latest conspiracy and tells him that this latest story will be a further steping stone to his own career as a writer.
tt1174954
Animation,Action,Horror
WARNING: This synopsis contains Spoilers. Do not read ahead if you plan on seeing the movie and haven't. It is as detailed as I can get, so if you do plan on watching Resident Evil: Degeneration, DO NOT READ AHEAD Claire Redfield is now a member of TerraSave, an organization which handles search and rescue at chemical and biological attacks. Claire arrives at Harvardville Airport to meet a family she is aiding. A passenger aircraft is approaching the airport to land. As one of the attendants checks the passengers, she notices one man looking unwell. The man in question is clearly in the final stages of t-virus infection, and warns the attendant. Shortly after, he zombifies. Claire is looking after her friend's niece, Rani Chawla, when they see Senator Ron Davis walk by. While a zombie-masked protester is arrested by a police officer, only to be attacked by an actual zombie seconds later. One of Davis' bodyguards shoots the zombie while being attacked by the infected security guard, who was presumed to be dead. The second guard attempts to run but is also devoured. The scene causes panic and people in the vicinity flee, some being attacked by zombies, and the plane crashes into the building, with all of the occupants already transformed into zombies. Claire, Davis and Rani hide in the VIP lounge. At night, the airport has been locked down by the United States Marine Corps and local law enforcement. Survivors are evacuated for treatment, many still locked inside the airport. Two Special Response Team officers, Angela Miller and Greg Glenn are joined by a government agent with experience of such incidents, Leon S. Kennedy. The group enter the building through the roof and begin their search. They manage to find Claire and the survivors. Travelling back to the main terminal, Glenn is bitten by a zombie and stays behind, determined to save the rest by killing the creatures nearby. The survivors shoot their way out, with the marines (who had been vaccinated prior to the lockdown) clearing out the terminal. Claire, upon being told that the WilPharma Corporation, who she was campaigning against, had created a t-virus vaccine, realizes that the vaccine could have saved those who died. Suddenly, the WilPharma trucks containing the vaccine are destroyed. Claire goes with WilPharma worker Frederic Downing to the WilPharma research facility for more vaccine. After a tour of the facility, Claire is shown a molecular-scale image of the G-virus. She is left alone in the room as Downing heads for the sample. Claire calls Leon to update him about WilPharma's possession of the G-virus, and learns that he and Angela Miller discover Curtis Miller's house burnt to the ground. Downing phones Claire to warn her that a man has just left the facility and that a time bomb has been activated. Claire looks out of a window and sees Curtis Miller running through the central gardens with a briefcase. The bomb goes off. Leon and Angela arrive and Leon goes upstairs to Claire while Angela monitors the ground level. While Leon is upstairs, Curtis arrives at the garden. Not having much time left, he tells Angela that the government covered up some of the events in Raccoon City which kept his family from being saved. A squad of marines storm the room. Curtis, having injected the G-virus, mutates. The marines fire at him, and Curtis starts killing them. Leon saves Angela from the massacre as the garden begins to fall apart, with wreckage crushing Curtis. Believing him to be dead, the surviving marines head up the elevator to safety, Leon and Angela choosing to stay downstairs and wait for the elevator to come back down. Curtis gets out of the wreckage and mutates further, climbing up the building and killing the marines by destroying the elevator. The building is then set on fire by the WilPharma computer system in an attempt to avoid the t- and G-Virus' spreading. Angela and Leon jump into a pool of water to avoid burning wreckage. After having shot a glass partition to avoid drowning, the two then find themselves in an underground area. Meanwhile, Claire makes it to the command center, doing whatever she can to halt a biohazard alarm and open the building. She fails and the detection of Curtis in the underground center causes another alarm. This time, parts of the building will be ejected underground. As Leon and Angela search for an escape route, Curtis attacks them, seeing Leon as a threat and Angela as a mate. Eventually, Curtis manages to regain control, telling Angela to run. As the sections are being ejected, Leon and Angela climb up wreckage. Almost free from the drop, Curtis grabs hold of Angela. About to fall, Leon shoots Curtis in the face, causing him to fall to his death. Leon, Angela and Claire exit the building where Claire accuses Senator Davis of the cover up and the Harvardville Airport incident. Leon reveals that Davis did not know anything, and Claire realizes that the real villain was actually Downing, who caused the outbreak in the airport, the disaster on the plane, the destruction of the vaccine, the detonation of the bomb at the reasearch building and the bio-terrorism incidents by selling t-virus samples. Waiting for a contact to sell WilPharma information to, Downing mistakes a car containing Leon and Claire for his contact. He is arrested by Angela. The next day Leon and Claire meet with a despondent Angela. Leon reveals that Downing confessed to everything, which was designed as a sales pitch for the virus to General Grandé. He reveals that he was an Umbrella researcher and stole samples of both viruses and escaped immediately prior to the Raccoon City incident before erasing his history and creating a new identity with which to apply to WilPharma. Once there, he was able to sell the virus to a list of potential customers while researching the vaccine. Leon and Claire say goodbye and leave. Meanwhile, news gets out that Davis has resigned from office over allegations of insider stock trading with WilPharma stocks. A newspaper draped over Davis' face reads "Tricell Offers to Purchase WilPharma". Davis' hand falls from the desk revealing him to be dead, and on his computer WilPharma files are being deleted, which when completed reveal a Tricell insignia on his screen. The film ends with Tricell employees in hazmat suits searching the underground ruins of the WilPharma research building, where they discover a fragment of Curtis's body infected with the G-virus, which they seal in a bio-hazard container.
tt0457297
Drama,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Julie Miller (Erica Durance) and her boyfriend, Nick Larson (Eric Lively), are celebrating Julie's 24th birthday on a camping trip with another couple, Trevor Eastman (Dustin Milligan) and Amanda (Gina Holden). Nick and Julie walk away from the campsite for a bit of privacy, and she begins to tell him something important but he interrupts her with her birthday present. They begin to discuss their future together, with Nick telling her that his job will make him successful enough for the both of them, and he asks her not to move to New York to pursue her photography. Nick is called away by work before Julie can tell him her important news. He says that he has to go to the meeting, even though it is Sunday, because he is up against co-worker Dave Bristol (David Lewis) for a promotion. The four friends have to cut their trip short and drive back to the city in Nick's SUV. Julie is taking photographs while Nick is driving. When she unbuckles her seatbelt to snap a picture of Trevor and Amanda kissing in the backseat, the tire suddenly blows out and the SUV spins out of control, finally stalling in the middle of the road where a semi-truck smashes into them. Nick lies in a hospital bed unconscious, having flashbacks of the accident, when he appears to start seizing. At his side is his mother, who informs the nurse that he is having one of his nightmares, an occasional occurrence since childhood. He awakens to learn the others did not survive the crash. Back home, Nick grieves over memories of Julie's birthday, and he brings the birthday necklace he gave her to the scene of the accident (where a roadside memorial has been built). Later while looking at a photograph of himself and Julie, everything in the room begins to shudder and shake, while the people and the dog in the photograph begin moving. This effect is similar to the pre-timetravel effect in the first movie, but Nick drops the framed picture on the floor where it shatters and he does not travel through time. One year later, Nick is shown back at his job with Bristol as his supervisor (he obviously got the aforementioned promotion over Dave). Bristol treats Nick with no respectpretending he can't find the work that Nick stayed late the previous night to finish and making him redo the work, moving an important meeting where Nick is to present a sales pitch without telling Nick until the last moment, and snapping at Nick about his supposed messy desk. While presenting the sales pitch to investors for his company's "nextgen software for handhelds", Nick begins to get another slight episode of his environment becoming unstable and rattling after seeing an old photograph which includes Trevor. This ruins his sales pitch and he is called in to meet with the company's boss, Ron (Andrew Airlie), and given a week's suspension. Back home, Nick is looking at photographs from Julie's 24th birthday when he comes across a picture of him driving everyone home. He transports back to the moments just before the tire blew. He yells at Julie to buckle-up, and the tire blows as before, but this time they manage to avoid the semi-truck, running into a tree instead. Nick awakens on the floor in a new shirt. Julie is now living with him, and he is pleasantly surprised to see her. It is her 25th birthday and they go out to dinner where he tells her that he remembers the past year differently. Trevor and Amanda arrive, and Nick gives them both a hug, pleased to see them. He learns that they are going to marry, and he is Trevor's best man, in charge of the bachelor party. The next day at work, Nick is researching on-line, trying to determine why he doesn't remember the last year in the same manner as everyone else. He prints out an article about a mental hospital patient with a syndrome that appears to be similar to what he has been experiencing. The patient is Jason Treborn, Evan Treborn's (Ashton Kutcher) father in the first movie. At a staff meeting, he learns that Trevor has been fired. When Nick accuses his supervisor of using Trevor as a scapegoat for a sales deal that fell through, he too is fired. Julie is angry with him, reminding him that she could have moved to New York if not for him. Now she has a minimum wage job, and she refers to what they lost from the accident. Nick tells her he understands now what is important in life: that they both are together. Later, Nick sees a Christmas photograph of him, his friends, and his supervisor, Dave, on the fridge. He takes a closer look at the photo while venting some frustration. An episode (his environment becoming unstable and rattling) is triggered, and suddenly he has gone into the photo's scene and he is at the party. Nick sees Dave, fakes tripping so he is able to spill wine on him, and then goes to Dave's file cabinet and steals the file of a specific investor (earlier Nick mentioned Dave got his promotion off the work Nick did). Nick is suddenly in an alternate timeline where he is now the vice-president of the company. He phones Julie, getting her answering machine, with her message revealing she owns a local photography studio. Nick leaves her a message to meet him that night after he finishes a sale pitch meeting. Nick gives a successful pitch at the meeting, and he learns he is having an affair with the boss' daughter when she follows him into the men's toilets. She uses Nick's handheld to take a photograph of him kissing her. When Nick gets back to his place, Trevor is waiting to tell him that a deal with a shady investor named Malcolm is in trouble. Nick tells his friend he will fix things, and then asks about Julie. Trevor replies that he has not kept in touch with her since Nick broke up with her a few months back. Nick learns the next day at work that the sales pitch to the investor the previous night did not go through. He relays to Ron, his boss, that Malcolm wants his investment money back. His boss informs him the company is broke, and it is Nick's fault. Nick was unable to get a crucial investor several months ago, the one from the file he stole at Christmas from Dave (who was able to secure the investment in a previous timeline). Nick continues his attempts to contact Julie. Nick and Trevor are at Malcolm's nightclub to discuss matters with him when Nick spots Julie taking photographs of the fashion show. She wants nothing to do with him and has a new boyfriend. Nick tells Malcolm he is unable to return the money, and Malcolm has Trevor killed. Nick runs out of the room being shot at, when a stray bullet hits Julie and she dies. Nick attempts to escape using the photo taken earlier by the boss' daughter, but he fails and is knocked out and captured. Nick wakes up and finds he is being given fellatio, only to discover that it is Malcolm's gay business partner. Nick escapes trouble and goes back in time where he confesses everything to his mom. She tells him his father also tried to control things and committed suicide in the end. Nick meets with Amanda who has with her a photograph from Julie's 24th birthday, which he had asked her to bring. Nick transports to the scenes from the start of the movie. He tells Julie she should move to New York and breaks up with her. Julie tells him she is having his baby, but he remains with his back to her and doesn't respond. Upset, Julie takes his SUV and speeds down the road. Nick then steals a jeep from another camping couple. Nick chases after her in the jeep and pulls alongside her (in the wrong lane) to urge her to stop the SUV. When an oncoming vehicle approaches in the lane, Nick drives off the road and over the edge of the cliff, presumably dying. One year later. Julie lives in New York with her son, Nick junior. Nick junior has a slight episode of his environment becoming unstable and rattling while looking at the 24th birthday photograph of his parents and their friends, which is left in a changed state.
tt1045670
Comedy,Drama,Romance
30-year-old Poppy is a London schoolteacher who's more upbeat than anyone I've ever met in real life: She dresses in colourful retro-hippie clothing, smiles and waves at strangers on the street, and laughs incessantly. When she goes out clubbing, she stuffs her bra because she likes the way it feels. Poppy can't stand to see anyone unhappy -- or even neutral. She's undeterred by a taciturn bookstore clerk who responds to her many friendly overtures with grunts and glares. It's unclear whether she's actually concerned about his well-being -- her banter is clearly not cheering him up -- or if after a while she's just sort of mocking him. Poppy has a ton of friends, one of whom is her roommate; a couple of sisters, and a very full life that includes bouncing on a trampoline and taking flamenco lessons. She keeps insisting that she's perfectly happy despite the fact that she's single and doesn't have kids or a mortgage, even though she's already reached the ripe old age of 30. In addition to being preternaturally carefree, Poppy is also a bit of a flake. When her bike is stolen early on in the film, she gets over it in a matter of seconds. Her only regret, she laments aloud, is that she never even had a chance to say goodbye. Since she can't bring herself to replace her trusty steed, she decides that -- global warming be damned -- it's time to take driving lessons. Poppy's driving instructor is an angry, humorless racist with bad teeth named Scott who's in no mood for any of Poppy's frivolity; to him, driving is serious business and if you fool around you will crash and you will die! Whoa. The core of Scott's driving philosophy is that one must pay constant attention to the golden triangle of mirrors: the one on the right, the one on the left, and most importantly, the rear-view mirror, which he equates to the all-seeing eye on top of a pyramid, and which he calls Enraha (a malapropism for Eye of Ra, perhaps?). Every Saturday, Poppy and Scott go out for a driving lesson. Poppy keeps goofing around and trying to make small talk, but Scott's hostile demeanor remains impenetrable. Enraha! he screams every time she takes the wheel. Enraha! Enraha! Enraha! Yikes. On the one hand, Scott is clearly a nutjob, but on the other, why does Poppy have to keep torturing him with her antics? Why can't she just shut up and concentrate on driving? I don't think I'd last five minutes with her, but Scott keeps coming back week after week because he prides himself on never having lost a student. And Poppy keeps coming back too, I suppose because she sees Scott as a challenge. Though she refuses to play it straight during her lessons, Poppy clearly has it in her, as is demonstrated by her attempts to help a troubled pupil. Despite this being one of the few serious parts of the movie, it was also probably my favorite, in part because it seemed so real.
tt1014806
Drama
Actress-turned-filmmaker Lori Petty makes her feature directorial debut with this period drama starring Selma Blair, Bokeem Woodbine, and David Alan Grier. Set in 1976, THE POKER HOUSE explores a typical day in the life of a decidedly atypical teen named Agnes. Some folks have the luxury of living each day to the fullest, but for Agnes every day is a grueling struggle for survival: Her mother is strung out on drugs, her home has been overrun by degenerates, and her only father figure is a pimp. For Agnes and her two younger sisters, this particular day will be marked by both tragedy and triumph, but which will resonate most in the days and weeks to follow? [D-Man2010] Lori Petty tells her life through her character Agnes. Agnes is a 14 year old girl, an aspiring basketball player with straight As. She has 2 younger sisters which she tries to protect from the life her mother leads. Her mom is a prostitute who brings home different men every night. Her pimp comes in and smacks her around to get the money out of her and she takes it because she is in love with her. To earn extra money the two older girls have jobs. Agnes works at a pizza place as well as a newspaper as she is an aspiring writer. Bee, the middle sister delivers papers in the morning. The baby tries to sleep over at her friends house because her friend has food. The three struggling children try and make ends meet with the only father type figure being their mother's pimp. The pimp ultimately rapes Agnes on her living room floor.
tt0970468
Comedy,Romance
In 1939 London, Miss Guinevere Pettigrew (played by Ms. McDormand) is a middle-aged governess who finds herself once again unfairly dismissed from her job. Without so much as severance pay, Miss Pettigrew realizes that she must for the first time in two decades seize the day. This she does, by intercepting an employment assignment outside of her comfort level as social secretary. Arriving at a penthouse apartment for the interview, Miss Pettigrew is catapulted into the glamorous world and dizzying social whirl of an American actress and singer, Delysia Lafosse (Ms. Adams). Within minutes, Miss Pettigrew finds herself swept into a heady high-society milieu and, within hours, living it up. Taking the social secretary designation to heart, she tries to help her new friend Delysia navigate a love life and career, both of which are complicated by the three men in Delysias orbit; devoted pianist Michael (Mr. Pace), intimidating nightclub owner Nick (Mr. Strong), and impressionable junior impresario Phil (Mr. Payne). Miss Pettigrew herself is blushingly drawn to the gallant Joe (Mr. Hinds), a successful designer who is tenuously engaged to haughty fashion maven Edythe (Ms. Henderson) the one person who senses that the new social secretary may be out of her element, and schemes to undermine her. Over the next 24 hours, Guinevere and Delysia will empower each other to discover their romantic destinies.
tt0490076
Horror
At a Texas high school, Mandy Lane (Amber Heard) is a popular outsider. Fellow student, Dylan, (Adam Powell) invites her to a party at his house and she accepts with the provision that her best friend Emmet (Michael Welch) can attend also. At the party, Dylan and Emmet clash so Emmet goes to sit on the roof overlooking the pool watching Mandy. Dylan joins him and Emmet convinces him to jump from the roof to the pool to get Mandy's attention. Dylan jumps but misses, hitting his head on the edge of the pool and dies. Nine months later, Red (Aaron Himelstein) is having a party at his father's ranch and has invited Mandy along. She obtains permission from her Aunt (Peyton Hayslip) and agrees to go. Following from Dylan's death she now refuses to talk to Emmet. On the way to the ranch, the kids steal a keg from a driver (Robert Earl Keen) at a truck stop. When they arrive at the ranch Chloe (Whitney Able) won't drive her car over the cattle grid and so with a shortage of seats Mandy and Bird (Edwin Hodge) elect to walk to the ranch. While walking they are picked up by Garth (Anson Mount), the ranch hand. Once at the house they begin drinking and playing games. Mandy is the only one to stay sober. After a disparaging remark, Jake (Luke Grimes) walks out, followed by his girlfriend Marlin (Melissa Price). They stop in a cattle shed and, after engaging in oral sex, Jake leaves. Marlin is caught by a stranger and has her jaw broken by a shotgun. While looking for Marlin, Jake discovers her body and is shot by the stranger. Bird, Mandy, Red and Chloe are joined by Garth at the house after a stranger in Red's car fires fireworks at them on the porch. Bird chases the car, believing that Jake is the driver, but he encounters Emmet. During their fight, Emmet blinds Bird by cutting his eyes, chases him and finally stabs him to death. At the ranch, Garth stays over. Mandy falls asleep in the kitchen. Red and Chloe fall asleep on the couch. In the morning as they prepare to leave, Emmet shoots Garth. Red and Chloe escape out the back and run to Chloe's car. On the way they both encounter the bodies of Jake and Marlin. They reach the car and Red is shot as they kiss and, as she runs back to the ranch, Chloe finds the body of Bird. She is chased by Emmet in Red's car who has taken the keys from a dying Red. Meanwhile, Mandy retrieves the keys to Garth's jeep, and the hunting knife Emmet used to kill Bird. She then sees Chloe running towards the ranch, pursued by Emmet. As Chloe runs up to Mandy, she stabs Chloe in the stomach. While Chloe bleeds out, Emmet and Mandy discuss their plan. Emmet has kept a journal giving the reason behind the killings since he and Mandy have previously agreed to a suicide pact. However Mandy refuses to take the pills Emmet gives her. They fight. Garth shoots Emmet who then attacks Garth with a machete. A brief chase ensues and after Mandy falls into a pit of dead animals, Emmet jumps on top of her. They fight until Mandy manages to club him to death with a log. Mandy then returns to a wounded Garth and heads to his truck and they drive off.
tt0082846
Drama
On the beautiful Golden Pond (really Squam Lake in Holderness, New Hampshire), elderly couple Ethel and Norman return to their summer cottage, where Ethel is immediately thrilled to hear the loons welcoming them back, although Norman claims he can hear nothing. They proceed to uncover the furniture and open the windows, while Normans failing memory reveals the onset of his senility. Ethel is more energetic and lucid, joking that they are only in late middle age since she is still in her 60s and hes still in his 70s. Norman expresses a certain preoccupation with dying, having retired as a college professor many years earlier. The couple take a canoe ride on the lake and are both quite excited to see loons on the water, when suddenly a speed boat disturbs their peace, prompting them to flash their middle fingers and yell at the boater. When they later gas up their motorboat, Norman confronts some teenagers who mildly ridicule him for being old. Thereafter, Ethel sends Norman out to pick strawberries nearby. While Norman is on his walk he becomes disoriented and scared, wandering off the trail and into the woods. After a short run that causes him to pant heavily, he finds his way back to the cottage without giving Ethel any suspicions of the incident. Norman settles down to read the baseball reports in a newspaper while Ethel reads aloud from a letter, in which their daughter Chelsea announces that she will soon be visiting with her new boyfriend, who is a dentist. They talk with the local postman who tells them that one of the oldest local residents, whom Norman suspects was a lesbian, has died at the age of 97, which he suggests is somehow unfair. After the postman leaves, Norman confesses to Ethel that he got lost on his walk and needed to rush back to her. She embraces him and reassures him they will go on that same walk together to regain his memory. He wonders why she loves him so much. Norman puts on a tie to prepare for the visit of his daughter on his 80th birthday, and Ethel cautions him to be nice to Chelsea and her boyfriend. Chelsea greets him by calling him Norman and he refers to her as fat. She then introduces a 13-year-old boy named Billy Ray, the son of her boyfriend Bill Ray, and asks her mother about Normans memory problems. Norman is brusque with Bill, who is clearly not comfortable in the rustic setting given his apprehensions about bears, and they make small talk about aging, with Bill noting that he is now 45. Bill is even more awkward in explaining that hes still recovering from his divorce, and how Chelsea has made his life better. Their friction increases as Bill tells Norman he intends to sleep in the same bed with Chelsea, which Norman sarcastically accepts. Bill tells Norman it will not be easy getting to know him, and he does not want to be taunted. Billy, who is fond of saying the word bullshit, reluctantly agrees to spend time with Norman while Bill watches Chelsea and Ethel skinny-dipping in the pond after dark. Norman asks Billy what he does for fun, and the boy boasts that he sucks face with girls. In response, Norman tells him to go off and read the book 'Treasure Island'. Norman thereafter tells Ethel their daughter plans to sleep with Bill, and she recalls that they did the same thing once. Ethel tells Norman that Chelsea would like to leave Billy with them for a month while she and Bill go to Europe, and he agrees. Later that night they assemble around a large birthday cake and Norman says he has little to say about living for four score years. The next day, after showing off her impressive body by swimming in a bikini, Chelsea is excited to see her old friend the postman, who still nurtures an understandable crush on her. Bill breaks the evident tension by falling into the lake. That evening, everyone but Chelsea plays Parcheesi. She suggests that Norman has a drive to beat people. The next day, Chelsea conveys her tormented feelings about her father to Ethel. Even though she is successful in Los Angeles, he makes her feel inadequate from a distance. Ethel wants her to quit being upset about her childhood, and tells her to move on with her life. After Bill and Chelsea take off for Europe, Billy quickly expresses his contempt about his situation. He suggests hell head out west on his own, but Norman dismisses this foolish idea and tells him to go fishing with him and Ethel. The trio head out on the motorboat; Ethel reads under a parasol while the men fish. Billy later tries to impress them by diving off a dock into the lake, but his attempts are rather sloppy. Some time later, Norman takes Billy out fishing again, explaining that a huge trout lives in the lake that he has been trying to catch for years, which he has nicknamed Walter. Ethel comes by later in a smaller boat and embarrasses them by bringing lunch. Norman catches and reels in a rather large trout, which Billy helps him bring into the boat, although he tells him that Walter is a much larger fish. That night Norman starts a fire in the fireplace that gets out of control, causing Ethel and Billy to put it out. Norman gets upset at Billy, even though he knows the fire was his fault. Ethel asks Billy to have patience with Norman, who is just doing the best he can. On another day, Ethel persuades Norman to let Billy take out the motorboat on his own, and she is then surprised when Norman gives her some immodest kisses. Having gained confidence in Billy, Norman later takes him to a special fishing area called Purgatory Cove, where the rocks eat boats. Billy carefully guides Norman through, even though heavy clouds have darkened the sky. While they are fishing, Norman ponders that he wont be around long enough to catch Walter, and Billy just then catches what he thinks is the treasured fish, only to find it is a dead loon. Billy asks Norman if he is afraid to die, and the old man is resentful to speak about it. Norman then trusts Billy to drive the boat while he guides him out of the rocks. They are moving along well until Billy accidentally accelerates and slams the boat into a rock, launching Norman into the lake. Billy dives in and helps Norman to a rock; Norman, who is bleeding from the head and traumatized, still manages to hang on to Billy and help him cling to the rock. After some hours, Ethel goes to the postman and convinces him to go out into the lake to find Norman and Billy. Spying them hanging onto the rock in Purgatory Cove, Ethel dives off the boat and into the water, swimming out to them. Norman swiftly tells her, You shouldn't be out this late at night. A week goes by in which the men stay indoors, and at last Ethel relents to let them go fishing again. Chelsea then returns, surprised to find that Billy and Norman have gotten along so well. (She comments that Bill is back on the west coast for work.) Chelsea laments that Norman was never her friend like he is with Billy, then quickly announces that she married Bill while in Europe, only she is sure that Norman will not be happy for her, because he is a son of a bitch. Ethel slaps Chelsea across the face, sternly telling her, That old son of a bitch happens to be my husband, motivating Chelsea to run off and jump in the lake. Meanwhile, out on the lake Billy hooks the mythical Walter, and Norman brings him up in a net. Back on shore, Chelsea apologizes to Ethel, and her mother tries to explain that Norman is just a frightened father, and implores her to be more kind. When Billy and Norman return, they are delighted to tell Chelsea how they caught and released Walter, and Billy runs to tell Ethel. Chelsea tells Norman she wants to have more of a father-daughter relationship, that she does not want to be so mad at him, that she wants to be his friend. She agrees to come around more often, and quickly tells him she married Bill. She is shocked that Norman is indeed happy for her, and he suggests that he will enjoy seeing more of Billy. Norman happens to mention that Billy had tried doing a backflip off the dock, and Chelsea proclaims that she could do so much better. Billy and Ethel nervously watch as Norman encourages Chelsea to go through with the dive, and even though she is scared, she clumsily goes heels over head into the water, with elation from all. As Chelsea is packing up the car to leave, Norman gives Billy a cherished fishing rod, and gives her a swimming medal he won in college 60 years earlier. As they depart, she says to Norman, Goodbye... Dad, whereupon they embrace. At the end of the summer, Norman and Ethel are packing up the cottage when he becomes faint after picking up a heavy box, and he collapses to the floor. She runs to get his nitroglycerin, forcing it into his mouth as she fears he will die. She gets the phone and frantically calls the operator for a doctor, but gives up with dread that it wont make a difference. He then surprises her by saying the pain has subsided. She confesses she thought he was really going to die, which gives her very dismayed feelings. He stands up with her help, feeling better. He hears the loons on the lake, who have come to say goodbye. Just two loons, he notices, who may also have kids that have moved away.
tt0280609
Action,Horror,Thriller
The story begins with a couple camping in the Scottish Highlands. The woman gives the man a silver letter opener as a present, soon after they are attacked in their tent. Meanwhile, Private Cooper is seen running through a forest in North Wales. He attacks his pursuers, but is overwhelmed and wrestled to the ground. It turns out Cooper was trying to join the special forces, but fails when he refuses to shoot a dog. He is returned to unit by Captain Richard Ryan. Four weeks later, a squad of six regular British Army soldiers, including Cooper, is dropped into the Scottish Highlands. Expecting to carry out a routine training mission, they find the savaged remains of a special forces squad who were part of the same training exercise. The single survivor, Captain Ryan, makes cryptic references to what attacked them. It is noticed that he has been wounded. Unseen antagonists make their presence known as they attack the troops. Whilst retreating, Bruce is impaled on a tree branch and Sergeant Wells is attacked. He is rescued by Cooper and carried to the roadside where the group encounter Megan, a zoologist who takes them to a lonely house. The soldiers that remain are Wells, Cooper, Spoon, Joe, and Terry. As darkness arrives, the house is surrounded by the attackers: to the soldiers' incredulity, these are revealed to be werewolves. After giving Wells treatment, they go to get in the car, but it was destroyed by the werewolves. The soldiers maintain a desperate defense against the werewolves, believing that if they can make it to sunrise, the werewolves will revert to human form. After Terry is abducted and ammunition runs short, they realize that they will not last, and decide try and escape. Spoon creates a distraction while Joe steals a Land Rover from the garage. When he gets in the car, he sees Terry in the garage being eaten by a werewolf. The werewolf rips off Terry's head and throws it at the windshield. Joe drives up to the house door, then realizes that a werewolf was hiding in the back seat. Joe is killed. Ryan transforms into a werewolf due to his previous wounds, but not before revealing in an angry exchange with Cooper that the Government had sent him on a mission to capture a live werewolve in order that they could be investigated and weaponized. A fight ensues and Ryan escapes, running off into the forest. The soldiers try blowing up the barn where Megan tells them the werewolves must be hiding with petrol, gas canisters, matches, and the Land Rover. Once it's been destroyed, Megan reveals that not only were there no werewolves in the barn, she only told them that to destroy their only means of transportation; she is a werewolf as well, and had been suppressing the transformation, but now gives in. Cooper and Wells run upstairs and Spoon runs to the kitchen, blocking the door. The werewolf breaks in and Spoon's rifle jams. He fights the werewolf, but is killed by another. Meanwhile, Wells and Cooper shoot through the floor upstairs to escape the werewolves, dropping into the kitchen. Wells cuts a gas line and blows up the house whilst Cooper hides below in the cellar. Before he can flee, Ryan, transformed into a werewolf, confronts him. Cooper kills him with the silver letter opener and shoots him in the head. He and Megan's dog, Sam, walk off into the woods.
tt0214388
Comedy,Romance
After leaving a party at a women's dormitory (aka the "virgin vault"), Matthew (Jonathan Tucker) is trapped in an elevator with an unknown, and unseen, woman when the power goes out. Matthew and this unknown woman have sex in the dark. When Matthew wakes up in the morning still in the elevator he finds himself alone with a pair of her panties. On a mission to find his mystery maiden by finding a matching bra for the panties, Matthew becomes the maintenance boy of the virgin vault. He releases mice and goes room to room setting traps. He convinces the panicked women to leave the room and then starts to look for a match. This does not prove successful, and he continues to break things (such as the air conditioning) in an effort to find his woman. He also fixes the television set, which is greatly received by women he refers to as "Jane-ites," as they have a great interest in movies adapted from books by Jane Austen. He doesn't get much help from his roommate Rod (James DeBello), who keeps telling him to give up, and together they philosophize about men and women. Rod tells him that he doesn't need a girlfriend and that it's futile to try to find the "matching bra the panties," and Matthew accuses him of being too machismo. Rod introduces Matthew to his adopted idea of "penile power" that he uses to try to increase the size of his penis. We later find out that he does this, as well as the dissing of women entirely, as a ploy to try to make himself feel better about the problem he has with his manhood. Early on, he watches as a woman named Patty (Emmanuelle Chriqui) and her boyfriend Crick fight. Crick is the epitome of the macho man stereotype, with his big pectorals, conceited attitude, and abusiveness. He wears a pony-tail, a manicured goatee, "male make-up," and chews nicotine gum, much to Matthew's dismay. Matthew tries to save Patty, but is hurt by Crick. Crick leaves and Patty tries to help Matthew, but Matthew can't help but think of how Patty's reputation has been. While searching one room, Matthew finds himself trapped in the bathroom when the occupant returns. Matthew is attacked by Wendy (Larisa Oleynik), until she recognizes him as a high school classmate. Wendy decides to help Matthew in his quest to find his mystery maiden. Later we learn that she is also looking for a woman because she is a closet lesbian. Along his quest, we learn of his nervousness he has had to talk to girls. He gets scrutinized by Arlene (Katherine Heigl) and his teacher Ms. Stern (Aimee Graham) about how females are more dominant than males are. Arlene undermines him and beats him at fooseball and Ms. Stern preaches about how the female gender is more dominant and should be in command, rather than males. Rod even tells Matthew that he's a chicken and should just give up on girls, while Matthew tells him that he has never been able to speak to girls, especially Cynthia (Jaime Pressly). In addition to searching by hand, Matthew puts an advertisement in the school newspaper to meet him in the basement on a Thursday night. He ends up sitting in the dark every Thursday night just waiting for her to show up. The door opens one night and he thinks it's her, but it turns out it's just Wendy coming to check up on him. Then, one night, the mystery maiden shows up, only to tell him to stop looking for her. Despite the end of the semester approaching Matthew isn't detered and disguises himself in drag to keep searching. In drag, he is actually able to talk to Cynthia one-on-one which, otherwise (until she is injured later on) he is not able to do because of her looks. He also gets checked up by Rod, who claims to the regular Matthew that he had sex with Matthew's drag character, for which makes Matthew so mad he adds a higher weight onto Rod's "penile power," hurting him there. Crick makes a pass at Matthew in drag as well when he is fighting with Patty, and Matthew ends up biting part of his tongue off as a result, making Crick unable to speak. Desperation has set in, and so Matthew appeals to his mystery maiden by proclaiming his love for her to the whole dormitory. Afterwards he determines his mystery maiden is Patty the same one he's had sex with since the elevator incident. She initially rejects him because she thinks that he only sees her as some slut. Crick sees that Matthew wants Patty, but Matthew says that he'll have him arrested for sexually assaulting him. Not too much later on, Patty warms to Matthew after he tells of his undying love for her. In the end, Arlene and Wendy end up together, and Rod and Dora, intentionally put in the same situation as Matthew was in by Matthew himself, end up together as well. Cynthia shows off her newly found martial arts abilities, and Ms. Stern learns a valuable lesson on gender equality, as Matthew stands up to her in front of the class, to a unanimous ovation.
tt0102388
Drama,Romance
Few memories are more fond than those of our youth and the first times that our heart strings were pulled on by young love; but how many of us remember? There is little more endearing and tender to each of us than the way we were in our youth. Those first pangs of love. That first kiss. Those first disappointments. Those are the highlights of this film which pull out feelings, long dormant, that each of has experienced before in our youth.
tt0080749
Horror,Thriller
Set in a Northern California fishing town called Antonio Bay, the town is about to celebrate its centennial on April 21, 1980, and are having a celebration led by Kathy Williams (Janet Leigh). However, the centennial is also marked by ominous events, including the appearance of a glowing fog that spreads over land and sea. In the first scene, on the night before the town's celebration, a group of children seated around a campfire on a beach, are entertained by a ghost story, told by 'old' Mr. Machen (John Houseman) (exactly at the stroke of midnight), the resident elderly fisherman. The story being told is indicative of the history of the town's formation, which is being discovered at that exact moment by the local priest, Father Malone (Hal Holbrook), when he finds the diary of his grandfather (who was also the town's priest). The diary later reveals a dark secret unknown to the current inhabitants where, in 1880, six of the founders of Antonio Bay (including Malone's grandfather) deliberately sank and plundered the Elizabeth Dane, a clipper ship owned by Blake, a wealthy man with leprosy who wanted to establish a colony near Antonio Bay. The six conspirators lit a fire on the beach near treacherous rocks, and the crew of the clipper, deceived by the false beacon, crashed into them. Everyone aboard the ship perished. The six conspirators were motivated both by greed and disgust at the notion of having a leper colony nearby. Antonio Bay and its church were then founded with the gold plundered from the ship. The mysterious fog contains the vengeful ghosts of Blake and the clipper's crew, who have come back on the 100th anniversary of the shipwreck and the founding of the town to apparently take the lives of six people (symbolic substitutes for the six conspirators). This same night, three local fishermen, Al Williams, Tommy Wallace, and Dick Baxter, are gruesomely murdered by supernatural attackers after the fog covers their boat. Just prior to their deaths, Al and Tommy are standing on the deck of the boat and can see a ghostly looking ship pulling along side theirs, through the dense, but glowing fog. At the same time, Nick Castle (Tom Atkins) drives down a country road and picks up a hitchhiker called Elizabeth (Jamie Lee Curtis) who claims to be on her way to Vancouver. While the two drive towards town, the radio and headlights of the car start to fail, as the windows of the truck are blown out. At the same time, various odd phenomena begin to happen around the sleeping town (chairs move, television sets turn themselves on, gas stations seemingly come to life). A short time later, Nick and Elizabeth have arrived at Nick's coastal home and are relaxing when a heavy knock is heard at the door. Making his way to open the glass, front door, Nick sees an odd light shining outside, illuminating a shadowy figure. The clock strikes 1AM, and it's face suddenly cracks, just as Nick opens the door, only to see there is no one there, and the fog has dissipated. The following morning, while in her bungalow next to the beach, the local radio DJ Stevie Wayne (Adrianne Barbeau) is lying in bed when her young son, Andy, returns to the house showing her a broken plank of wood he has discovered. It reads "DANE." Intrigued by the piece, Stevie keeps it and takes it with her to the lighthouse, where she is preparing for her next show and listening to various promotional tapes for her station. Stevie sets the plank on top of the tape player that is playing the promotional spots, and while she is momentarily distracted, the plank begins to seep water. The water spreads and causes the tape player to short. Suddenly, Blake's voice emerges from the tape player swearing revenge, the words "6 Must Die" appear on the plank, and the plank bursts into flames. A shocked Stevie immediately extinguishes the fire. Afterwards, Stevie checks the plank only to find that it once again reads "DANE." Meanwhile, Nick and Elizabeth charter a boat and embarch on a search for the missing fishing boat, called the Sea Grass. Soon, they find the boat where the fishermen were killed. After looking around the deserted boat, they go below decks, and Elizabeth finds the eyeless corpse of Dick Baxter, the youngest of the three fishermen. They then take Baxter's body to the local coroner's office to be examined by Dr. Phibes. Phibes, who is perplexed by the body's advanced state of decomposition, takes Nick aside to ask him about the circumstances of the body's discovery and leaves Elizabeth alone in the autopsy room with Baxter's corpse. The body becomes momentarily re-animated by a ghost. It rises from the steel autopsy table, grabs a scalpel, and walks over to Elizabeth. As Baxter's corpse moves closer to Elizabeth, she screams, and the body drops to the floor, lifeless once again. Elizabeth's screams bring Nick and Phibes rushing back into the autopsy room, where they see that the corpse has scratched the number "3" into the floor with the scalpel. Back in Antonio Bay town center, the town's celebration begins. At the same time, Dan (Charles Cypress), the local weatherman, and Stevie talk over the phone. Stevie expresses her apprehension about the strange glowing fog that is moving toward the town. Dan then hears a knock at the weather station's door and leaves Stevie on the phone while he goes to answer it. Dan is killed when he opens the door and one of the ghosts impales him through the throat with a hook, and Stevie listens in horror. Just when the ghosts of the fog cut the phone lines as well as sabatoge the power for the entire town, Stevie begins her radio broadcast and begs someone to get to her house and save her son when she sees the fog roll up to the house. Nick and Elizabeth hear this over Nick's truck radio and go to help. Back at Stevie's house, a strange knock comes at the door. The elderly babysitter goes to answer it and tells Andy to go to his room. When she opens the door the ghosts come out of the fog and impale her on their swords and hooks. The ghosts then go after Andy. Nick arrives just in time and takes Andy in his car. A minute of tension begins when Elizabeth, driving Nick's truck, attemps to flee with him, but gets stuck in a road pothole as the fog surrounds the truck and the ghosts slowly emerge towards them. At the last second, Elizabeth managed to free the truck from the pothole and drive in reverse, away from the ghosts and out of the fog. As the celebration in town comes to an end, Kathy and her assistant drive home in the same car. When they turn on the radio they hear Stevie repeatedly telling people to stay away from the fog as it is dangerous. When the fog appears, they drive away from it. They then hear Stevie saying the only safe place is the church, which they go to. Nick, Elizabeth and Andy hear the same message and they too go to the church. They all meet in the church as well as Father Malone, and they hide in the small back room. While they are in the room, Kathy and Father Malone find some of the stolen gold, which has been melted into a cross. Blake's ghost and his crew begin to break into the room. Knowing he is the offspring of the last conspirator, Father Malone confronts the ghosts with the golden cross in an attempt to sacrifice himself and save everyone else. Back at the lighthouse the fog rolls in and several of the ghosts try to attack Stevie. She climbs onto the roof with the ghosts in hot pursuit. The ghosts slowly close in on her and get ready to attack. Back in the church, Blake's ghost grabs the golden cross. The golden cross starts to glow and the church rumbles as the light emanating from the cross becomes brighter and brighter. Only seconds before Blake's ghost and the cross disappear in a flash and a thunder Nick manages to pull Father Malone away from the cross. With Blake's ghost the other ghosts are suddenly vanished too. The fog disappears and all of the town's people are saved. Later that night when Father Malone is alone in the church, he asks himself "Why not me Blake?", at that moment the fog reappears with Blake and his men. Blake swings his sword at Father Malone's head, decapitating him as the screen cuts to black.
tt0093565
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Thirty-seven-year-old Loretta Castorini (Cher), a Sicilian-American widow, is an accountant in Brooklyn Heights, New York, where she lives with her family: her father Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) who is a successful plumber, her mother Rose (Olympia Dukakis), and her paternal grandfather (Feodor Chaliapin, Jr). Her boyfriend, Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) proposes to her before leaving for Sicily to attend to his dying mother; she accepts, but is insistent that they carefully follow tradition as she believes her first marriage was cursed by her failure to do so, resulting in her husband's death when he was hit by a bus. They plan to marry one month later, and Johnny asks Loretta to invite his estranged younger brother Ronny (Nicolas Cage) to the wedding. Loretta returns home and informs her parents of the engagement. Cosmo dislikes Johnny and is reluctant to commit to paying for the "real" wedding Loretta insists on, while Rose is pleased that Loretta likes Johnny but does not love him; she believes that one can easily be driven crazy by a partner whom one loves. The next day, Loretta goes to see Ronny at his bakery after he refuses to speak to her on the phone. He reveals that he has a wooden prosthetic hand, and he explains that he blames Johnny for the loss of his hand and his own fiancée; Ronny became distracted while talking to Johnny as he cut bread for him, his hand was mangled in the slicer, and his fiancée left him. Loretta insists that they discuss the matter upstairs in his apartment, where she cooks for him and then tells him that she believes he is a "wolf" who cut off his own hand to escape the trap of a bad relationship. Ronny reacts furiously and passionately, kissing Loretta (who responds to his kiss) and then sweeping her up in his arms and carrying her to his bed where they make love. That evening, Rose's brother Raymond (Louis Guss) and his wife Rita (Julie Bovasso) join Rose and Cosmo for dinner, and they all wonder where Loretta is. Raymond recalls that when he was a boy and Cosmo was courting Rose, he thought that a particularly bright moon one night was somehow brought to the house by Cosmo because of his love for Rose. That night, Loretta remains at Ronny's apartment and sees such a moon; Raymond sees it as well, and it leads him and Rita to make love. The next morning, Loretta tells Ronny they can never see each other again. She slaps him when he claims to be in love with her ("Snap out of it!) and he agrees to never see her again if she will attend the opera (his other great love) with him that night. She agrees. After closing out the cash register in Raymond and Rita's store, Loretta impulsively has some long-neglected beauty treatments, including having the gray removed from her hair, and buys a glamorous evening gown. She then goes to church and confesses her infidelity. She unexpectedly sees her mother there, and Rose tells her that Cosmo is having an affair; Loretta is doubtful, but Cosmo is in fact dining with his mistress Mona (Anita Gillette) at that moment and giving her jewelry. Loretta and Ronny (wearing a tuxedo) meet at Lincoln Center, and each is impressed with the other's appearance. Loretta is deeply moved by her first opera, Puccini's La bohème. But as they leave, Loretta sees Cosmo and Mona, and she confronts her father. He sees that she is with Ronny, and he suggests that they simply agree that they didn't see each other at all, but Loretta is conflicted. Loretta then intends to return home alone, but Ronny leads her back to his apartment where he passionately and desperately persuades her into another tryst. The same night, Rose dines alone at a restaurant and sees a college professor, Perry (John Mahoney), being dramatically dumped by a female student, a similar scene having played out with a different girl the night Johnny proposed to Loretta. Rose invites Perry to dine with her, asks him why men pursue women, and then shares with him her belief that men pursue women because they fear death. Perry walks Rose home and tries to convince her to invite him in; she refuses, citing the fact that she knows herself. Later, Johnny unexpectedly returns from Sicily after his mother's "miraculous" recovery and goes to Loretta's house; Rose explains that she's not there and then asks him why men chase women. He tells her it may be because they fear death, and Rose realizes, as she had suspected before, that he is right. After this exchange he leaves, planning to return in the morning to see Loretta. In the morning, Loretta returns home in a reverie but is then distressed to learn from Rose that Johnny will be there soon. Ronny then arrives, and Rose notes their matching "love bites" and invites him for breakfast over Loretta's objections. Cosmo and his father emerge from upstairs, and the older man cajoles Cosmo into agreeing to pay for Loretta's wedding. Rose then confronts Cosmo and, after he acknowledges in response to her questioning that she has been a good wife, demands that he end his affair; he is upset but agrees and, after insistence from Rose, also agrees to go to confession, and they then affirm their love for each other. Raymond and Rita also arrive, concerned and seemingly reluctantly suspicious, to find out why Loretta didn't make the previous day's bank deposit; they are relieved to learn that she merely forgot and still has the money. When Johnny finally arrives, he breaks off the engagement, superstitiously believing that their marriage would cause his mother's death. Loretta, momentarily offended by his breaking the engagement, chastises Johnny for breaking his promise and throws the engagement ring at him. Seizing the moment, Ronny borrows the ring and asks Loretta to marry him; she accepts. To Rose's chagrin, Loretta declares that she loves Ronny. The family toasts the couple with champagne and a befuddled Johnny joins in at the grandfather's urging, as he will now be part of the family after all.
tt0082495
Horror
Hannonfield, Illinois, October 31, 1978. The film begins with the last few scenes of the original film, where Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis) sends the two kids she's babysitting (Brian Andrews, Kyle Richards) to run and get help after the home has been invaded by psychopath Michael Myers (Dick Warlock). After the kids run off screaming, she is attacked by Myers again, and is rescued when Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) arrives and shoot Myers off of the upstairs balcony. From here, the film is entirely new. Loomis rushes out to the lawn and finds that Michael has vanished, leaving behind only a bloody imprint in the grass. He instructs a neighbor to phone the news to the police and runs off in search of Michael again. After the opening credits, which similar to the opening credits of the previous film, shows a jack-o-lantern which slowly opens to reveal a human skull, Michael Myers, aka The Shape, lurks in the alleys nearby, watching Dr. Loomis from a distance. Loomis meets up with Sherrif Leigh Brackett (Charles Cyphers) and they drive off in another direction in search of Myers. Myers then sneaks into a nearby house and steals a kitchen knife from a neighbor woman (Lucille Benson). Down the street, Myers sees a young girl by the name of Alice (Anne Bruner) outside and stalks her. Inside, Alice is speaking on the phone with a friend who informs her that someone was murdered in Haddonfield. Alice switches on the radio and is shocked at the news when suddenly, the back door creaks open. Afraid, Alice ventures into the living room where Myers jumps out and thrusts the kitchen knife into her chest, causing blood to spurt up onto her neck. Paramedics arrive at the Doyle house and take Laurie away on a stretcher. She appears to be in shock, and she begs them not to put her to sleep. The two EMTs are Budd (Leo Rossi) and Jimmy (Lance Guest). Jimmy is younger and takes an immediate interest in Laurie, concerned and obviously distressed that someone close to him in age has been attacked in Haddonfield. They take her to Haddonfield Memorial Hospital, where she is tended to by the half-drunk Dr. Mixter (Ford Rainey), head nurse Mrs. Alves (Gloria Gifford), and RN Jill (Tawny Moyer). Meanwhile, Loomis and Brackett circle the neighborhood and happen upon a young man wearing a white mask similar to the one worn by Michael Myers. In a freak accident, they pursue him but an approaching patrol car crashes into him and then into the side of a van. The violent explosion incinerates the body. One of the approaching patrolmen, Deputy Hunt (Hunter von Leer), has come to tell Brackett the bad news that his daughter is among the dead that have been discovered in the wake of Myers's rampage. They drive off to the location so that Brackett can identify her. Brackett, in shock at finding his daughter dead, blames Loomis for allowing Michael to escape and departs for his home, leaving Hunt in charge. Loomis convinces Hunt that Michael Myers could possibly still be alive, since they are uncertain who exactly was struck and killed by the patrol car. Another young nurse, Karen (Pamela Susan Shoop), who works in the nursery, arrives at the hospital after staying too late at a Halloween party. She is sharply reprimanded by Mrs. Alves, even as they are both unaware that Michael Myers is lurking in the hospital, watching them. Earlier, Michael overheard a radio broadcast announcing that Laurie was taken to the hospital, and has followed her here. Jimmy schemes to be alone with Laurie, both to console her and get closer to her. He reveals to her that the crazy man who was pursuing her earlier was Michael Myers, who escaped from the mental hospital the previous night. Laurie is confused and does not understand why she seems to have been targeted by Myers. Mrs. Alves interrupts and sends Jimmy away, then discovers that the phones are suddenly out of service. The security guard, Mr. Garrett (Cliff Emmich), explores the basement and rear of the hospital to search for the trouble and after he searches one of the closets, Michael suddenly leaps out and kills him by bashing him over the head with the back of a hammer. Mr. Garrett's death goes unnoticed despite the presence of a nursing assistant named Janet (Ana Alicia). Across town, Loomis and Hunt investigate a break in at the local elementary school and find that Michael Myers has been there; a child's drawing of a family has a butcher knife sticking in the image of the sister, and the word "Samhain" has been scrawled in blood on the chalk board. Loomis remarks on the Celtic origins of the word, and he is surprised when Marion Chambers (Nancy Stephens) approaches him. NUrse Chambers, who was with Loomis the previous night when Michael made his escape, has been sent with a Marshal (John Zenda) to return Loomis to Haddonfield, on orders from the governor. Loomis is forcibly taken away, while Hunt promises to find Michael. Meanwhile, Michael Myers continues to murder the staff at the hospital. Budd and Karen attempt to make love in a hospital therapy pool, but Myers turns up the temperature until Budd gets out to check it. After strangling Budd to death, he approaches Karen from behind and seizes her, holding her under the scalding hot water until she drowns, the flesh peeled away from her face. Laurie has a reaction to her medication and goes into shock, and when Janet goes to get Dr. Mixter, she finds him dead in his private office, a needle thrust into one eyeball. Myers appears behind Janet and grabs her, thrusting another needle into her temple until she, too, falls down dead. Jimmy goes off to find help when nobody returns, and Jill is summoned by another patient. While she is gone, Michael enters Laurie's room at stabs at her bed, but she is gone (Laurie was only pretending to have a reaction to the medication). When Jill returns, she finds the room empty. Hindered by a cracked ankle and dazed from the drugs, Laurie limps through the now-quiet halls of the hospital, looking for a safe place to hide. Jimmy reappears and sends Jill off to get help, telling her to drive into town and bring back the police. But after she leaves, he finds the body of Mrs. Alves in a nearby operating room, tied to a table, an IV tube in her arm having drained all of her blood out onto the floor. Suddenly he panics and tries to run, but he slips in the blood and falls on his back, slamming his head down on the floor, rendering him unconscious. Jill attempts to leave the hospital, but finds all of the cars in the parking lot disabled, the tires slashed and the engines tampered with. After she runs back into the hospital, she sees Laurie in a hallway and tries to reach her, but Michael appears after resting for a while in one of the vacant rooms and kills her with a scalpel in her back. Laurie witnesses it and is terrified into action; she runs through the halls with Michael in pursuit. Rushing down a stairwell and into the basement, Laurie corners herself in a boiler room and must climb through a small window near the ceiling to escape, Michael almost slashing her ankles. After nearly cornering her again in an elevator, Laurie escapes and rushes into the parking lot, hiding in a parked car. In the Marshal's car, Marion has a discussion with Dr. Loomis where she reveals information that he did not previously know; Laurie Strode is actually the sister of Michael Myers, born two years before Michael's original crime and adopted after the death of the parents two years after. Loomis immediately understands that Michael is after Laurie for a reason and commandeers the Marshal's car, pulling a gun on him and forcing him to make for the hospital. In the parking lot of the hospital, Laurie sees a dark shape open the car door and get inside--it is Jimmy. He tries to start the car and cannot; Laurie tries to talk to him but he falls over the wheel again, passed out. The horn goes off and Laurie panics again, her hiding place revealed. She tries to leave the car and falls in the parking lot, still dazed. As she lays there, the Marshal's car pulls up and Loomis, Marion, and the Marshal get out and go into the hospital. Laurie cannot cry out until it's too late and they are inside, pulling the doors shut behind them. As she gets to her feet, Michael appears across the parking lot, walking slowly toward her. Laurie runs to the doors and bangs on them, screaming, and attracts the attention of the others. They let her inside and Myers walks right through the closed glass doors. Loomis shoots him with his gun and he falls over, seemingly dead. After sending Marion out to the Marshal's car to use the radio for summoning the police, Loomis turns to comfort Laurie. Michael rises up again and slits the Marshal's throat with a scalpel, chasing Loomis and Laurie deeper into the hospital. They corner themselves in an operating room. As Michael breaks down the door, Loomis gives Laurie his gun, which only has two shots left in it. When Michael gets in, he stabs Loomis in the stomach. Loomis falls over, mortally wounded. Laurie tries to stop Michael by calling his name, which he stops for a minute to look at her, but he soon advances on her again and she shoots him in the eyes. Blinded, he starts swinging his scalpel wildly. Loomis struggles to his feet and begins releasing oxygen into the room from the many tanks on the walls. Laurie follows suit until the doctor tells her to run. She bolts from the room and runs down the hall as Loomis ignites his cigarette lighter, causing a huge explosion. Even from the inferno, Myers emerges and keeps walking toward Laurie, until the flames consume him and he falls. As the sky lightens into morning, Laurie is taken outside the hospital and placed into the back of an ambulance, as reporters, authorities and other onlookers watch. She stares blankly as the ambulance pulls away, seemingly in shock, but alive. The final image in the film is the face of Michael's burning corpse.
tt0089092
Action,Adventure,Drama
Enemy Mine opens to a panorama of outer space along with an opening monologue by Willis Davidge (Dennis Quaid). In this monologue he says that all of Earth's nations had achieved peace by the end of the 21st century, and had begun working together to explore and colonize outer space. Unfortunately, Earth wasn't alone out there. Earth colonists encountered a race of alien nonhumanoids known as the Dracs, were laying claim to some of the richest star systems in the galaxy. Dispute over who was where, first, and who had 'legal right' to where, led to battle and finally war between Earth and the drac people. The scene shifts to an Earth space station out in space, far from the Solar System. Four Drac fighter ships approach to begin a raid. Earth's fighter pilots scramble to defend the station; among them are Davidge and his co-pilot, Joey Wooster (Lance Kerwin). The dogfight appears to be going well for the Earth defenders until six Drac fighter ships arrive to join the battle. One of the Drac fighters destroys an Earth fighter, Echo Six, killing its two pilots. Infuriated, Davidge recklessly pursues this Drac ship away from the rest of the battle, but this Drac pilot proves to be an ace flier, deftly dodging several laser volleys. Wooster tries to warn Davidge that their ship's engines are overheating and they are closing over the planet Fyrine IV, which is unexplored territory. But David is obsessed with destroying the Drac ship and its pilot. Finally he scores a hit to the Drac ship's wing, damaging it but not destroying it. Completely single-minded now, Davidge continues pursuing the Drac ship into the upper atmosphere of Fyrine IV. He sees the Drac pilot eject from its ship, and then loses sight of both pilot and ship in the thick fog of the upper atmosphere. Finally the fog cloud breaks to show the abandoned Drac fighter ship directly in front of Davidge's ship. With no time to move, he collides with the Drac ship, damaging his own ship to where he must make a crash landing of his own on Fyrine IV's surface. Davidge is able to pull Wooster free from the wreck, but his ship explodes, leaving him unable to salvage any of its supplies... and Wooster is too gravely injured to save. Davidge builds a barrow of stones over Wooster's body and sets Wooster's broken helmet on it as a grave marker. He's spotted where the Drac ship's wreckage went down and is sure the escape pod with the Drac pilot is near it. As he sets off to kill the Drac, Davidge gives a voiceover where he says he's never seen one of their race before, knowing very little about their physiology-- only that they are reptilian and scaly, and that they are hermaphroditic-- they have both male and female body parts. A strange turtle-like creature emerges from some rocks as Davidge passes them, and makes its way across the ground. It falls into a shallow sinkhole of loose sand; still deep enough that it cannot make its way out. A long tendril snakes out of the bottom of the sinkhole, feeling the air for vibrations and smells. It draws back and latches onto the creature's shell, pulling it down below the sand. Some horrible noises are heard as the sand at the bottom of the sinkhole continues to churn. Suddenly the turtle-creature's shell is spat out of the sinkhole where it joins many other similar shells around the sinkhole's edges, and a monstrous belching sound is heard. Davidge makes his way to a lake where he finds the Drac pilot (Louis Gossett Jr.) swimming in the lake. It emerges from the water to squat by a campfire. Davidge moves closer to make the kill, but as he aims his pistol, a small rock outcropping under his boot gives way. He barely holds onto the rocks, but his gun falls from his hand to drop into the lake below, and the noise alerts the Drac pilot. Although reptilian and clearly non-human, the Drac still appears to have the same basic body structure, with two arms and two legs, standing erect, and its hands have opposable thumbs, although only two other fingers for a total of three on each hand. Davidge remains stone still and waits until nightfall. The Drac puts its rifle on the bulkhead of its wrecked spacecraft and dives into the lake to swim again. Pulling a utility knife, Davidge hurries to the ship's wreckage. Finding a container of what is apparently a combustible fuel, he pours it onto the lake's surface and ignites it with a flare. Laughing maniacally at the thought that the Drac must be burning, he reaches for its rifle. Suddenly his own body is gripped in convulsions; the Drac had placed the weapon in direct contact with the ship's exposed circuitry as a precaution. Kicking Davidge away from the ship and the weapon, the Drac stands over him and gives a gloating greeting. The Drac ties Davidge's hands and feet together and seats him near the ship while it eats. Seeing that the Drac has chosen not to kill him for now, but still full of hate and anger toward it, Davidge demands that the Drac give him something to eat. It mockingly copies a lip-smacking motion that Davidge makes in an attempt to communicate. Even though they speak different languages, when Davidge yells the insult 'toadface' at the Drac, it suddenly stands up and walks over to Davidge, squatting over him. It asks a question in its native tongue, jabbing Davidge with a finger. When the Drac speaks the phrase, 'kos va son Jeriba Shigan-- Shiiigaaaann!,' Davidge reaizes that the Drac has just told him its name: Jeriba Shigan. He understands the Drac wants to know his name in return and gives the Drac his name as Willis Davidge. He again demands some food, and the Drac skewers a disgusting-looking slug like creature on a stick. As horrible as the slug looks and, Davidge imagines, must taste, he is so ravenous with hunger that he suddenly leans forward, bites off a piece of the slug, and forces himself to chew and swallow, much to the Drac's disgust. Later still, the Drac is sleeping while Davidge tries to in his uncomfortable position. A meteorite strikes the ground near him, and suddenly the sky is alight with a meteor shower. Davidge's frightened shouts awaken the Drac, who utters the word 'zeerki' in its native tongue. It starts to run for the cave, pauses, and cuts Davidge's feet free so he can follow it into a nearby cave for shelter. The Drac falls asleep again, and Davidge manages to free his hands on some of the rocks in the cave. He takes the knife and appears ready to kill the Drac, but as he looks on its face while it sleeps, he cannot bring himself to do the deed. He goes to the Drac's ship and finds several containers of emergency food supplies. The food pellets look, smell, and taste absolutely horrendous to Davidge's human sense of taste, but he forces one of the pellets down. Suddenly he is knocked down from behind and the Drac makes a menacing noise, holding its rifle on Davidge. Using gestures and body language in an attempt to make his human language intelligible, Davidge manages to convey that the two of them need to gather up whatever supplies they can from the wreckage and find a place to build a suitable shelter, or else they will most likely die in the next meteor shower. The Drac makes Davidge carry most of the salvagable supplies so it can keep its rifle at the ready. They find a clearing where Davidge builds a hut as best he can. During this time, both he and the Drac manage to learn a little of each other's languages: the Drac tells him the shelter isn't solid. Davidge lightly kicks the inside doorframe and laughs-- but it's the Drac that has the last laugh when the shelter suddenly collapses. The two are at a campfire where the Drac is learning more of the human tongue. Davidge has begun calling the Drac 'Jerry,' a contraction of Jeriba, even though Drac names are spoken surname-first and Jerry's given first name is Shigan. During the conversation, Davidge mentions an Earth saying that Jerry seems somewhat familiar with, and Jerry asks if he learned it from the great drac teacher, Shismar. Davidge sarcastically says he learned it from Mickey Mouse, but Jerry takes him seriously, deciding that Mickey Mouse must be a great human teacher. Davidge is carrying more supplies from the wreckage to the campfire when he happens to spot one of the turtle-like creatures. He grabs at it, but it scuttles away very quickly; although this creature has a turtle-like shell, the rest of its body is decidedly different and it moves quite rapidly when it chooses. At the camp, Davidge cooks another of the slug like creatures while Jerry appears to be praying and meditating; a small tome attached to a chain which Jerry often wears around his neck, open before him. The book is called the Talman, and it is the drac people's sacred book, much like the human bible. Davidge has constructed a bow and arrows with which he hopes to procure better food sources, but Jerry feels that they will be rescued soon. An argument soon arises over their respective people's sacred teachers and which race started the war, ending when Davidge insults Shismar in a grievous way. Jerry retaliates by calling Mickey Mouse a 'great big stupid dope,' and it is all Davidge can do to stop himself from busting out laughing. Davidge is hunting the next day and looses an arrow right into the head of one of the turtle like creatures. Though badly wounded, it is still able to move. Davidge chases it-- and falls into the pit of loose sand. He watches in horror as the long pink tendril emerges and feels the air for scents and air vibrations. It looms very close, unfamiliar with Davidge's scent. But finally it rears back and coils around his leg. Davidge screams in horror, gripping a broken piece of a tree that sticks over the edge of the pit. Jerry hears his screams and comes running. The tendril constricts Davidge's leg, and the rough edges of the tip of it lacerates his flesh. His grip breaks and he's about to be dragged into the bottom of the pit when Jerry catches his hand and fires his rifle, severing the tendril. There is a great churning from the sand at the bottom of the pit and great roaring noises before the terrible head of the creature to whom the tendril (its tongue) belonged emerges, spreading a gaping maw full of sharp teeth. Jerry fires again, sending several blasts into the creature's head and destroying it. Back at camp, Jerry cauterizes and wraps up Davidge's wound. Davidge asks why Jerry saved his life, and Jerry says he needed to look at another face, even if it was Davidge's. Jerry naturally finds humans as ugly (in comparison to dracs) as Davidge must consider dracs to be in comparison to humans. But, the terrible creature in the sand pit was worse, to both of them. Davidge's hand happens to fall on one of the discarded shells. He realizes that the sand-pit creature couldn't bite through them, and the shells might even be able to repel meteors, and their light weight makes them perfect for a shelter. He sets about collecting discarded shells from around the pit and from other turtle=like creatures he's killed for food, and builds a secure shelter. Jerry is reading his Talman again. Davidge decides, to pass the time, if he could learn the Drac language from Jerry so he can learn some of Shismar's philosophies. Jerry feels that the insult Davidge rendered to Shismar makes him beneath such an understaking. Davidge promptly calls Jerry out on being a hypocrite, as it had promptly insulted Mickey Mouse in return. But Jerry quickly apologizes for this, saying it was wrong and didn't mean it. Davidge offers the same apology in return, and Jerry hangs the Talman on the chain around Davidge's neck-- on becoming a tutor, the book, according to his people, must be given to the student. Davidge gives a voiceover among a short montage of scenes showing how time passes, and he and Jerry continue to eke out an existence on the hostile world. They eat, they sleep, they study the Talman, and at night Davidge sometimes dreams of a rescue-- he's awakened one night thinking he's heard the sound of a ship's engines and barely catches a glimpse of ship lights. But on looking outside the shelter, he cannot find anything. Davidge is reading a passage of the Talman aloud as Jerry listens. Jerry is not at all surprised when Davidge says the passage is something he's read in the human version of the book (the Bible), saying simply, 'truth is truth.' It says, however, that Shismar's words take on new meaning when sung. Jerry begins to sing another passage, when suddenly another meteor shower strikes, and the two of them must hurry to their shelter. Jerry moves noticeably slower and even seems to stumble once or twice as they hurry to the shelter. Worry over how Jerry could have been hurt leads Davidge to carelessly make a remark referring to the human vs. drac war. Jerry quickly becomes defensive, and a heated argument erupts that escalates into a physical altercation. Afterward, they both lay exhausted on the ground inside the hut, and Davidge realizes that he and Jerry are starting to go crazy from the isolation and struggle to survive. Davidge finally decides to set out and explore more of the planet in hopes of locating the source of the sounds and lights he still believes he's heard and seen. Jerry, believing they are alone on the planet, declines to go along. Davidge can tell something is amiss with Jerry, but the drac doesn't discuss it. Davidge promises to return when he's satisfied his need to investigate. If he cannot return, he and Jerry will probably both die. Davidge heads out toward the glow of a lake of molten lava. He's originally elated and whoops in pure delight at the site of a temporary core sampling camp and two empty bottles of Pepsi-cola. He finds a large pile of junk metal, proof of a mining operation on the planet. But Davidge's joy is short lived as he finds a dire and terrible discovery among this junk heap: the skull of a drac, with a human bullet hole in the front... proving the drac to whom the skull belonged, was killed by a gunshot to its brain. Davidge gives a voiceover amid scenes where he grimly confirms what he now knows: the planet is being used by scavengers, outlaw human miners and pirates living at the darkest underbelly of human society. They strip and rape entire planets bare of their resources looking for precious ores and metals. Earth's military tolerates them-- barely-- because they kidnap dracs for slave labor for their mining operations. It was a scavenger ship he had heard and seen. These scavengers would kill Davidge as soon as look at him, both for his being part of Earth's defense militia as well as engaging in any kind of cooperation with a drac. Davidge returns to Jerry at the shelter. Winter has fallen on Fyrine IV. Jerry is pleased to see Davidge, and finally reveals what has been amiss with it, and the true reason it couldn't go with Davidge. Jerry is pregnant, preparing to give birth to a baby drac. Jerry reminds Davidge that unlike humans, the drac people are hermaphroditic, and they reproduce automatically 'when it is time--' procreation among the dracs is not something that only happens through deliberate choice, as it is with humans. Jerry asks Davidge if he found what he was looking for. Davidge had been wrestling throughout the trip back on what to tell Jerry. Finally deciding he can't share his findings about the scavengers and the danger they represent, Davidge finally tells Jerry that he found nothing-- as Jerry believed, the two of them are alone on Fyrine IV. More time passes, and Jerry is sewing a garment for its child. When asked by Davidge if it's picked a name out for the drac baby, Jerry says the baby's name will be Zammis. Davidge and Jerry are asleep in their shelter. Suddenly the ground beside them begins to shift, and a small sinkhole begins to appear-- another of the sand-pit creatures has been moving underground and found them. The creature's long tongue slithers out from the sand and tastes the air. The tongue wraps around Jerry's neck, choking him so he cannot yell, and begins to drag it toward the creature's gaping jaws. Jerry thrashes and kicks about in desperation. Slowly Davidge begins to awaken and suddenly snaps to full alertness. Without hesitating or thinking, he turns to the smoldering remains of the campfire, scoops up a large double handful of the white-hot coals in his bare hands and tosses them down the sand-pit creature's throat. The creature lets go of Jerry and thrashes about in agony, wrecking the shelter. Hurrying away from the terrible monster before it can recover, Davidge and Jerry hurry to find a new, more natural shelter from both the creature and the bitter cold and driving snow and wind. In an effort to keep both of them focused, Davidge asks Jerry to tell him about the name it chose for its baby. Jerry explains that unlike humans, each Drac family cycles through five names continuously; the names themselves mean nothing, but it is the deeds each drac achieves throughout its lifetime that matter and must be remembered. Jerry's clan, the Jeriba family, cycles through the names Ty, Islane, Gothig, Shigan, and Zammis. As Jerry's given name is Shigan, its baby is to be called Zammis, and then the cycle would begin again with another Jeriba Ty. Jerry and Davidge manage to find a natural rock cave leading deep into the ground that will provide them warmth and shelter. As they collapse on the ground to sleep again, Jerry says that a drac child does not completely join its family or the society of drac people until it is brought by its parent before the holy council of dracs on their home planet of Dracon, and the family lineage recited. Jerry will need to do this for Zammis, or the great lineage of Jeriba will end. Jerry asks Davidge to tell it about his own family and ancestors and their deeds. Davidge, as a human, remembers only as far back as two of his grandparents, and only a little about what they did for a living. When it is Jerry's turn to teach its lineage to Davidge, it explains how the Jeriba line is 170 generations long since its founding by Jeriba Ty, going back to the founding of the very drac homeworld. The lineage song tells of what accomplishments each family member has made and achieved in its lifetime, ending with the latest member bringing its child before the holy council. Understanding the great honor involved, Davidge learns the Jeriba lineage song and commits its every verse to memory. More time passes, and suddenly Jerry realizes it is time to deliver Zammis... but it can tell that something is dreadfully wrong, although it doesn't know what. Still, it realizes that these birthing complications are very serious. Davidge quickly goes into a panic at the thought of losing Jerry, who by now has become his dearest-- and on Fyrine, his only-- friend. Davidge's fears only intensify as Jerry suddenly calms down and begs Davidge to take its place as a parent for Zammis, and that one day, Davidge must fulfill the role that Jerry itself was destined for: to bring Zammis before the holy council on the drac homeworld and recite its lineage, that the Jeriba clan will not be ended. Jerry is only satisfied when Davidge vows to do this. Jerry tells Davidge that he must pull open the birthing sac along Jerry's abdomen to deliver Zammis. Davidge can only watch helplessly as Jerry slowly passes on and dies. Stricken in horror, Davidge sits numbly, but then notices the birthing sac moving. He pulls it open and extracts the newborn drac baby, Zammis, looking it over in wonder. A despondent Davidge buries Jerry in a grave of rocks, realizing that with all Jerry taught him about the task he's undertaken, it taught Davidge nothing about properly taking care of a baby drac. Davidge finds himself struggling but manages to successfully feed baby Zammis, gently holding the baby close against him within the bundle of heavy skin garments that keep him warm. Zammis grows faster than a human child, quickly growing to about the size of a human youth just transitioning into adolescence, and able to think, reason, and communicate. Davidge teaches young Zammis (now played by Bumper Robinson) how to play football, using puffballs-- an edible fungus native to the planet-- as the ball. One day Zammis begins to question why it is different from Davidge. It knows what it looks like by having seen its reflection in a pool of water within their cave, and that it looks different from Davidge. Zammis understands that it is of a different race than Davidge (who has taught Zammis to call him, 'Uncle'), and that Davidge isn't its parent... but as there are no other dracs available to help Zammis appreciate its race and people, it desperately wishes it were human like Davidge. The day eventually comes when Zammis is able to explore. It learns about the scavenger mine and, despite Davidge's desperate attempts to teach the child never to go near it, Zammis finally one day goes there in hopes of seeing other Dracs. Bewildered and horrified at the site of human scavengers beating drac slaves, Zammis turns away only to find two of the scavengers standing right before him-- Stubbs (Brion James), one of the scavenger leaders, and his young brother, Johnny. The two of them grab Zammis, when suddenly an arrow pierces through the back of Johnny's neck and out through his throat, killing him. Davidge stands there, bow at the ready. Unfortunately, after breaking free, Zammis runs between Davidge and Stubbs, distracting Davidge and throwing off his aim. Stubbs whips out his pistol and fires a shot, severely wounding Davidge. Zammis screams in horror as he watches his 'uncle' tumble down the hill, before Stubbs grabs him and drags him off to the mine as a new slave. Two searchlights sweep the vicinity and converge on Davidge. Back on the Earth space station, deceased military are being given 'burials' in space-- placed into capsules and jettisoned to float among the stars. They find a John Doe with a curious necklace with a small book on it... it's Davidge. Figuring that this John Doe won't need the booklet anymore, one worker tries to remove the necklace-- and Davidge's hand suddenly seizes the worker by the throat. He's still alive. Davidge is placed in a medical capsule and rushed to sickbay where his peers and superiors confirm his identity. They're completely amazed to see that he is still alive after having disappeared three years ago over Fyrine IV... and that he speaks the drac language fluently; he'd been speaking it in a state of delirium while being brought to sickbay. No sooner is Davidge healed and well again when he is determined to return to Fyrine IV to rescue Zammis. The fighter squadron leader, Arnold (Richard Marcus) cannot stop him. When Station ops refuses to open the docking bay doors for him, Davidge uses his ship's cannons to blast them open and flies down to Fyrine. Davidge infiltrates the scavenger camp, sneaking his way to where a group of dracs are working. He tries to speak to the dracs, asking them about Zammis, even showing them his Talmon. The dracs only stare until a scavenger overseer arrives and starts beating the dracs to make them return to work. Davidge kills the overseer, and the eldest of the drac slaves finally answers Davidge, realizing who he is. He alone among the dracs in the mine knows how to speak English. He tells Davidge that Zammis is somewhere in the ship proper. Davidge kills another scavenger overseer and takes his clothing. He finds his way to where Zammis is locked in a cramped cage. Seeing Zammis is alive, albeit barely, he pries open the cage door. At that moment Stubbs arrives with two scavenger miners. They've found the severed ear of the overseer Davidge killed and dropped into the gears of an ore processor. Stubbs gets a close look at Davidge's face and recognizes him. He grabs Zammis and orders the worker to bring Davidge along. Davidge fights back and takes out the two miners. He grabs a pistol and kills a number of other scavengers. The drac slaves are alerted to the noise, begin to understand what is going on, and prepare an uprising. Arnold lands on Fyrine with pilot Morse (Carolyn McCormick) and her ship's co-pilot. They land beside Davidge's ship and make their way to the camp. Stubbs yells out to Davidge, saying he's going to drop Zammis into a mining cart that's on a conveyor system which will drop Zammis into molten lava. Davidge fights Stubbs, but is constantly forced to divert his attention to rescuing Zammis, giving Stubbs an advantage. Stubbs finally knocks Davidge out and pushes both him and Zammis into the mining cart. As he yells and gloats, he is suddenly killed by a shotgun blast by the elder drac. Arnold shuts down the conveyor system and pulls Davidge and Zammis out of the cart. Everyone watches grimly as Davidge tearfully frets over Zammis, until Zammis slowly reaches for Davidge's hand and weakly says, "Zammis get four, five?" Davidge begins to laugh in relief at seeing that Zammis is alive and will recover. A closing narration tells that Davidge brought Zammis and all of the dracs home to the drac home world of Dracon, and fulfilled his promise, presenting Zammis to the drac holy council and reciting the Jeriba lineage so that Zammis could officially join the drac people... and that when Zammis eventually reached adulthood and presented its own child, Jeriba Ty, before the council, the name Willis Davidge was added to the line of Jeriba.
tt0805526
Drama,Fantasy,Sport
In December of 2002, Grant Taylor's (Alex Kendrick) Eagles, of Shiloh Christian Academy, are slightly behind against the Tucker Tigers, late in the fourth quarter. Taylor shouts to Zach Avery (Brandon Glow), "Cross the Thirty!" He wants his offense to get within good field-goal position. But Zach, though his receiver Jonathan Weston (Tommy McBride) is open, gets sacked. Since this is fourth down, the Tigers take the ball, fall on it, and run out the clock. So ends the game, and another losing season--Taylor's sixth in a row. The 2003 season begins with some dire news: Darrin, the Eagles' top scorer in 2002, has moved in with his father so he can transfer to the rival Tucker school. Taylor's offensive and defensive co-coordinators, J. T. Hawkins (Chris Willis) and Brady Owens (Tracy Goode), break it to him. He then has to break it to his players, who of course take it very badly. When Grant drives home, his car dies after he barely gets off the road. His house has a very bad smell, which neither he nor his wife Brooke (Shannen Fields) can figure out. Their evening meal will be cold, because their stove does not work. Also, their combined salaries ($24,000 a year for Grant, and the $6,000 that Brooke makes in the local florist's shop) will not let them improve their situation. And to top it all, Brooke desperately wants to be pregnant, and yet again takes a home pregnancy test, finds it negative, and carelessly leaves the test kit for Grant to find. In the next scene, sportscaster Alicia Houston (Erin Catt) reports on this year's defending champions, the Richland Giants. Coach Bobby Lee Duke (Jim McBride) is itching for a match-up with anyone who dares challenge their title. That Friday night, the season begins--badly. Twenty-three to nothing--and on their home turf, yet. The failure of Grant's car to start in the parking lot does not help his mood. Nor does Brooke's embarrassment as Grant has to ask Brady to give him a jump start. He'd like to buy a new compact car, but the facts remain: they cannot afford it. Brooke also says her gynecologist says there is no physical reason why Brooke cannot have children. So Grant agrees to see a urologist to check his own reproductive system. Monday begins with a student named Stanley (Jason Rossi) finding himself, desk and all, on top of the teacher's desk. With the students laughing at him, he dismounts--with difficulty. Then the teacher tells Brock Kelley, the team captain, that he and Stanley are in detention for their little joke--and for their poor grades. The coaching team faces some more sad facts: they have the toughest season they've ever had, with the least amount of talent. In the middle of it, Grant leaves for his doctor's appointment--and leaves J. T. and Brady to argue about what kind of doctor Grant is going to. (J. T. suggests Grant is going to see a dermatologist to see about a hair transplant; Brady doubts that.) That afternoon, David Childers (Bailey Cave) talks to his father, Larry Childers (Steve Williams), about his athletic options. He is new at Shiloh, and they don't have a soccer program. Larry encourages his son to try out for the football team as a kicker, even though he is of shorter stature than average and has never kicked a football in his life. The next afternoon, Alvin Pervis (Mike Garner), one of the fathers, talks to Brady Owens and invites him to a secret meeting aimed at replacing Grant Taylor as head coach--and naming Brady to replace him. The fathers have asked for a meeting with Dan Ryker(Dennis Erickson), the A.D. Grant asks Brady about the talk with Pervis, but gets nothing out of him. Just then, Larry and David Childers show up, and David tries out as a kicker. Jonathan Weston, the regular kick holder, doesn't mind the tryout--because Joshua Webster (Chris Matthews, with Mark Gahagan as stunt double), the regular place kicker, doubles as a wide receiver and would rather receive than kick. David kicks a lot of balls wide or short--but finally manages to kick the ball straight through the goal posts. After practice, Matt Prater (James Blackwell) has another fruitless argument with his father, Neil Prater (Bill Butler), over his after-practice schedule--and the coaching team notices old Mr. Bridges (Ray Wood) praying over the school lockers, as he always does. J. T. recommends that David Childers stay on the team as a relief kicker. However, that Friday night, Shiloh loses to Dewey County, twenty-one to seven--when Dewey hasn't beaten Shiloh in more than ten years. And angry Grant roars at his players for their apathy, the missed practices, and all the mistakes they made on the field. David talks to his father about that sobering session, and about whether he can help the team at all as a kicker. Larry encourages his son not to give in to his fears. (The wheelchair-bound Larry also gives his son a turn when he tries to touch up a paint spot his son missed, and falls back into his chair, making a racket that brings David running.) On Monday, Grant sees the urologist, Dr. William Jordan (Wayne Holley), for his follow-up appointment. The news is dire: his sperm count is low. Too low. (The film does not mention this, but that's the most logical problem.) Grant spends the day moping about it, even staying late at the school because he doesn't want to face Brooke. And so he overhears Alvin Pervis, Neil Prader, and Luke Prey talking to A. D. Dan Ryker about replacing him. Ryker stands up for his head coach, but he has three fathers telling him that Grant has to go. What makes it worse: Brady Owens is at that meeting, saying nothing. Ryker makes no decision--but Grant does not stick around to hear the end of the meeting. A humiliated Grant finally goes home and confesses everything to Brooke--about the secret meeting he overheard with the A. D., and about what the urologist told him. That scene ends with the two of them sitting at their kitchen table and crying. That night, Brooke wakes up at 3:11 a.m. to find Grant sitting up in their living room, reading a book--presumably his Bible. So she gets down on her knees and prays. On Saturday morning Grant walks out into a nearby forest and offers a heartfelt prayer to God, to tell him what His will really is for his life. It's early, so Brooke once again wakes up in an empty bed--but now she comes out to join him and assure him she will accept whatever adventure the Lord sends them. The next game ends just as badly as the last two. David Childers takes a shot at a field goal--and misses. David feels terrible about that, but Larry will not let his son quit. Alvin Pervis takes yet another chance to ask Brady Owens to try out for head coach to replace Grant. This time Grant walks up and stares Alvin down, forcing him to retreat. Then Grant tells Brady to decide once for all whose side he is on, and stay on it. On Monday morning, Mr. Bridges does more than pray over lockers. He walks in on Grant to share with him Revelation 3:7-8, about Him Who opens and no man shuts, and shuts and no man opens. He also shares with Grant a parable about two farmers who prayed for rain--but only one of them cultivated his fields to prepare for that rain. Grant takes the hint. He draws up a new working team philosophy: to give all to God, and concentrate on that, not on something idle like winning games. Brooke likes what he has written, and sees that it's applicable to their home life, too. Grant lays this on the team the next day, with a simple illustration: no one can remember who won the State championship five years earlier. Out on the field, Grant tells them that their attitude is "the aroma of the heart." If the heart stinks, so does the attitude, and that carries over. To prove that, he puts his players through the Death Crawl--on all fours, with the knees off the ground, and another teammate on one's back--for ten yards. But when Brock Kelley (Jason McLeod), the lead tackle, and his friend Jeremy Johnson (Chris Heape) start talking about the coming match with Westview, as if it is already lost, Grant singles out Brock and Jeremy for a special exercise. He will ask Brock to do the Death Crawl, with Jeremy on his back, for fifty yards--blindfolded. Of course what he actually does is push Brock to go all the way to the opposite end zone--and when the rest of the team sees that, they stand up and stare in wonder. Grant tells Brock that he, Brock, is the most influential player on the team--so his attitude affects others. The demonstration impresses Brock, and the rest of the team. It also impresses J. T.--and Brady, who at last decides whose side he's on. Grant then takes a moment to tell Matt Prater to stop taking a disrespectful attitude toward his father. "You can't judge your father by his acts and then judge yourself by your intentions. It doesn't work that way," he says. One complication exists: Matt is at Shiloh because Westview kicked him out. That will be important later in the week. (Recall that Neil Prader is also one of the three fathers who tried to persuade the A. D. to fire Grant.) That evening, Grant finally finds the source of the bad smell in the house: a dead mouse. He teases Brooke unmercifully about it, but is still glad to get rid of it. The next day, J. T. finally tells David Childers what he needs to know about kicking: not to approach every kick as if he's going to kick it wide. He even quotes the Scriptures about the wide gate and the narrow gate. Brady loves overhearing that, and so does Grant. More to the point: it works, because David does start kicking the ball straight. Next day, another teacher shows a truly awesome scene: a revival, happening right on the field, this after Mitch (Brian Kelley), the Bible teacher, brought his class out to the field. Matt Prater started it, the teacher says. While Mr. Bridges makes his blessing walk along the lockers, Matt asks Grant to drive him to his father's workplace--so that Matt can tell Neil Prater, in front of his business associate Mr. Jones (David Nixon), that from now on, what he says goes. Neil is profoundly grateful to hear his son say that--and is even more grateful to Coach Grant Taylor for bringing Matt in so Matt could say that. Friday night arrives, for the match with Westview. Grant gives one last pep talk, before letting Brock Kelley lead the team in prayer. And this time the outcome is a lot different: Shiloh beats Westview. The team has a new attitude, that carries into their studies. Teachers look twice at these former "dumb jocks" who are at last applying themselves to their studies as well as they apply themselves on the playing field. More games take place, with straight wins. Walker Jennings falls. Then David Childers kicks the winning field goal against another school. Next Monday afternoon, Neil Prater and his son anonymously give Grant another incredible gift: a brand-new Ford F-130 pickup truck. They even swap it out for his old blue car with the dying battery. "Not a word to anyone," Neil commands his son. Grant hardly dares believe it--but the title doesn't lie. The victories keep rolling in as the season rolls on. Ivey Grove falls, 14-10. Next week Shiloh wins its fifth straight victory. And then the sixth--which sends Shiloh into the State playoffs. The day after that last win, Grant drops into Brooke's flower shop and places an order with Brooke--for flowers that he will give her when he takes her out to dinner. He has news: Dan Ryker gave him a $6,000 raise. The playoffs begin, but don't go so well. Shiloh plays the Panthers of Princeton Heights Academy--and loses, 28-10. Grant encourages his players to praise God anyway, win or lose. Matt Prater takes the lead to encourage the team to do just that. And on Monday afternoon, Stanley Shultz (Walter Burnett) of the Georgia Inter-Scholastic Athletic League calls Grant with electrifying, gotta-sit-down-for-this news. Grant summons his players to break it to them: Princeton Heights fielded two ineligible 19-year-olds. Results: Princeton Heights disqualified, and Shiloh advances to the next round--against Tucker, where Darrin had transferred. Friday night arrives, and the Eagles beat the Tucker Tigers. Putting in the game-winning score: relief kicker David Childers. Next week, Brooke tells her employer (Jackie Everson) that she has been nauseous for two mornings in a row. The employer tells her to see a doctor. Friday night arrives, and Mr. Bridges listens as the Eagles score a game-winning touchdown. Twenty-to-seventeen, and the Eagles now will face the Richland Giants in the State final. The last Friday arrives: Eagles against Giants. That morning, Brooke encourages Grant not to give in to fear--and not to worry about her, either, though she won't tell him where she will go. She goes to the gynecologist and takes yet another pregnancy test. David Childers prepares for his big night, though he is convinced he will never play, because he is still second-string. At the gynecologist's office, a heartbroken Nurse Laura (Cynthia Overvoll) gets the news from another nurse (Shelly Brown): the pregnancy test is negative--again. Laura breaks this news to Brooke. But as Brooke prepares to leave, the filing nurse (Candace Howell) discovers, with a shock, that they have mixed up the results! Brooke Taylor's results are in fact positive! The excited Laura rushes out to the parking lot to tell Brooke before she can pull out. Game time arrives, and Grant's old coach at Shiloh (Mark Richt) comes to give Grant some encouragement. Bobby Lee Duke is as cocky as ever, with his eighty-five players against only thirty-two for the Eagles. The first half goes well enough for the Giants. Fourteen-to-nothing, Giants. Grant Taylor orders: blitz on the next first down. They do--and intercept a pass and return it for a score! The half ends: fourteen to seven, Giants. Grant now orders: outsmart them, with trick plays. Second half begins, and the Eagles' tricks work. They tie the game. Then Coach Duke orders: "Make them pay!" A Giant player takes that literally--and clips Joshua Webster on the extra-point kick, breaking his collarbone and knocking him out of the game. So David Childers must kick from now on. Next scoring drive ends: twenty-to-fourteen Giants, as the Giants fail of their two-point conversion. Seven minutes left: the Giants get to fourth down, and kick a field goal to extend their lead. Next play: double-blitz long. It ends with another TD and one-point conversion. Score: 23-21. Next drive: the Giants close to first-and-goal. Grant tells Brock Kelley to find his strength--and Brock shouts to his defensive team, "Stone wall!" And so the Eagle defense, under Brock's leadership, make an incredible goal-line stand. And when Coach Duke refuses the field goal, that sets up the Eagles to cause a fumble, recover, and return the ball to the Giants' thirty-four yard line! And then, with a scant two seconds left to play, Grant issues his final order: David Childers must kick a fifty-one-yard field goal. David doubts he can do this, but Grant tells him, once again, to lay aside his fears. The sports announcers can't understand it, especially since the wind is against David. But Coach Duke makes a mistake: he calls a time-out when he doesn't' have to. And then, at the last second, the wind shifts--and when David sees his father standing up in his wheelchair, he moves in to make the kick. It is good. Final score: twenty-four to twenty-three, Eagles. In the locker room, Grant asks his players to dare tell him what's impossible with God. Answer: nothing, of course. He singles out David for his field goal, Zach for his quarterbacking, and Brock for his defensive leadership. That night, Brooke breaks to Grant some more joyous news that he hasn't heard yet: that he just "made the Daddy team." Two years later, Grant Taylor, with two State championship trophies on his wall, has a year-old son (Luke Parr) who has his own model football field to play with--and Brooke obviously has another baby on the way.
tt0090633
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The film begins in the small Russian village of Shostka as the camera zooms in on the Moskowitz house. Then, the camera pans down to a tiny door marked Mousekewitz, the dwelling of a mouse family that includes Papa (voiced by Nehemiah Persoff), Mama (voiced by Erica Yohn), their son, Fievel (voiced by Phillip Glasser), their daughter, Tanya (voiced by Amy Green), and a baby, Yasha. Inside their tiny living quarters, Papa plays his violin while Mama takes care of the baby. Fievel comes running into the room asking about Hanukkah presents. Papa presents Tanya with a new babushka and gives Fievel a new hat (Papas hat that has been passed down from father to son for generations). The hat is far too big, but the boys mother tells him he will grow into it. As part of their Hanukkah celebration, the Mousekewitz children encourage Papa to tell them the story of the Giant Mouse of Minsk, who was as tall as a tree and scared all the cats. Mama doesnt like even a mention of the word "cats," and asks them to talk about something else. The children want to hear about America, which Mama thinks is just another fairy tale, but Papa appears to drift off into a dream world as he talks about the opportunity of a new and better life in America where mouse holes are everywhere, bread crumbs are on every floor, mice can say anything they want, and, he knows for a fact, there are not cats. Just then, they are attacked. Humans and mice run from their homes as the Cossacks attack the humans and their homes, while the "Catsacks" attack the mice and their dwellings. Brave little Fievel tries to scare the cats away by banging loudly on a skillet with a spoon, but he is chased and almost killed by the cats. Suddenly, the pogram is over and the Cossacks and Catsacks withdraw. Afterwards, as they survey the damage, Papa whispers, "In America, there are no cats." The scene shifts to a Hamburg, Germany shipyard where a band plays an oom-pah tune as the mice, including the Mousekewitz family, climb a rope to board a ship bound for America. Fievel creates problems with his wide-eyed wonder and constant questions. Once they are on board, the mice shout their goodbyes to the other mice on the pier as the ship departs. During the voyage, Papa plays his violin in the mouses small section of the ship away from the humans. Just like all children, Fievel asks, "Are we there yet?" Tanya is afraid theyve made a poor decision to travel to America, but Papa reassures her that everything will be all right as long as they stay together. Later, Fievel discovers a barrel of herring and Papa tells him about even larger fish in the ocean. The mischievous boy wants to see them. When he tells his mother about the fish, she says theyre lucky they didnt see cats. The dreaded word causes all the mice to shutter. Papa reassures all his fellow mice passengers that America will be wonderful because there are no cats there. His statement leads the mice to tell horror stories of cats as they sing "There Are No Cats in America." After Papa sings a verse, all the mice join in the chorus; then, an Italian mouse sings about the cat problems in his country, after which the mice all joyfully sing the chorus; next an Irishman sings a verse, after which the mice celebrate and sing the chorus again. Soon, a storm hits and the ship rocks, which causes a lot of seasickness. While Fievel is warming himself by the stove, a piece of burning coal burns his tail. When he jumps, he is washed him around the ship until he ends up at the bottom of the stairs leading to the deck. He is fascinated when a wave washes some fish down the stairs, so he climbs up to see more. Out on deck, he is overcome by the storm and the waves. Fievel imagines all sorts of sea monsters in the waves of the storm. After one particularly large wave, Fievel is washed overboard and the ship sails away into the storm. The following scene is of Castle Gardens, the immigration depot in New York City. As both humans and mice go through immigration, they are given new American names. When the Mousekewitz family passes through they are sad that they are now a family of four not five. The immigration officials change Tanyas name to Tillie. Next, we see a small bottle flowing on the water. As a chorus sings "Give Me Your Tired, Your Poor," the words written on the Statue of Liberty, the audience sees Fievel inside the bottle. As he peers through the bottle, he sees the Statue is under construction. When the bottle washes ashore, a French pigeon, Henri (voiced by Christopher Plummer), who claims to be building the statue, discovers him. After Henri cleans up the little immigrant, Fievel talks despondently about the possibility that he will never find his family. Henri, in a Maurice Chevalier-type voice, boosts the boys confidence by singing "Never Say Never." Fievel and three female pigeons join in the song. Afterwards, Henri instructs one of the females to fly Fievel to immigration. The next scene is the city, which is full of immigrants humans and mice and they are all being hustled by con artists. One of the slickest of the scoundrels preying on the unsuspecting newcomers is Warren T. Rat (voiced by John Finnegan). His constant companion is his cockroach accountant, Digit (voiced by Will Ryan). Upset that he has made fifty cents less today than yesterday, Warren T. spies the innocent Fievel, introduces himself and claims he can take the boy to his parents. Fievel follows the rat anticipating the reintroduction to his family right away. Meanwhile, at the Mousekewitzs new home, an old, discarded physicians bag, Tanya tells her parents that she has a feeling that her brother is still alive. Just as she looks out a window, Fievel and Warren T. pass unseen nearby. When Warren T. takes Fievel into a building and opens a door, Fievel excitedly looks inside for his family. He is grabbed by a mean character named Moe (voiced by Hal Smith). Fievel has been tricked and is now in a workhouse or sweatshop. Warren T. reminds Moe to send Fievels salary to him. That evening, Fievel ties several sheets together and escapes by climbing down the sheets to the street. Tony Toponi (voiced by Pat Musick), an Italian immigrant mouse, gives Fievel an Americanized name, Philly. Once he is out of the workhouse, Fievel unknowingly walks right past his familys home in the doctors bag. As Fievel wanders the lonely streets, we hear "Poor Wand'ring One." Once, the boy hears someone calling his name, but its another mother calling her son named Fievel. Later, he hears someone playing a violin and thinks its his Papa. He is very disappointed to discover the sound is coming from an Edison cylinder recording. When the lady of the house changes the cylinder, Sousas march, "Stars and Stripes Forever" blasts from the speaker, which causes Fievel to fall into the player. The sight of a mouse frightens the lady who chases Fievel out a window. After some more wandering, Fievel runs into Tony Toponi again, who volunteers to help find the kids family. At the same time, Tanya and Papa leave their home to search for Fievel and at one point, Tony and Fievel walk directly above Tanya and Papa and neither sees the other. During their search, Tony and Fievel happen to pass a rally where a pretty Irish mouse, Bridget (voiced by Cathianne Blore), is trying to convince the other mice to organize in order to defeat the cats. Tony is immediately smitten with Bridget. While Tony gets acquainted with Bridget, Fievel tells the crowd they have nothing to fear because his Papa told him there werent any cats in America. Just then, from behind a crate, a cat pounces on Fievel and almost eats him. After a frantic chase where Fievel avoids becoming the cats meal, Bridget suggests she and Tony take Fievel to see Honest John (voiced by Neil Ross), a local politician, who knows all the mice in the city. Just as soon as Tony, Bridget and Fievel leave, the Mousekewtiz family emerges from under the rubble that is left from the cat attack. Mama sarcastically asks Papa, "there are no whats in America?" Papa sheepishly snickers. When the new trio of friends arrives at Honest Johns, Gussie Mausheimer (voiced by Madeline Kahn), the richest mouse in the city, is also there to complain about the cat attack. She recommends a "wally" (Gussie cant pronounce "r"s) of all the mice, rich and poor, to decide a course of action against the cats. When Gussie leaves, Honest John is ready to help Fievel find his family until he discovers that the Mousekewitzs are too new in the country to be registered voters. He is only interested in helping if votes are his reward. That night, Fievel sleeps in a water tower where Bridget lives. She encourages the boy and tells him she is certain his family is out there somewhere just waiting to be found. After Bridget leaves, Fievel gets out of bed, goes to a knothole in the wall, looks out over the city and, as the moon rises, sings "Somewhere, Out There." From her doctors bag home, Tanya joins Fievel in the song. They dream of reuniting their family. At the rally in the park, Fievel is on the speakers stand with Bridget and Tony, while his family is in the audience, but once again, they dont see each other. Gussie delivers a stirring speech about coming to America for freedom freedom from cats. When she asks for ideas concerning a course of action, no one offers any suggestions until Fievel steps forward and whispers an idea into her ear. She smiles, whispers the idea to Honest John, and then announces to the crowd that they have a plan. Early the following day, all the mice go to Dr. Digitalus Museum of the Weird and Bizarre, which is located on a pier. They collect various objects from the museum and begin to build a large contraption. Tony wakes up late, so he grabs Fievel out of his bathtub bed and they run towards the pier to help the other mice. Fievel has trouble keeping up, trips and falls into a sewer grate. When he thinks he hears his Papa playing his violin, Fievel drops down into the sewer and follows the music. He finally discovers the source of music in a place marked "Mott Street Maulers." The music is coming from a player piano and a violinist. Inside, a group of cats are playing poker. One of the cats is Tiger (voiced by Dom Deluise), a large orange cat, who is pretty dimwitted. When the camera pans up to the music, the violin player is Warren T. Rat. Warren T. complains he cant play because of his nose, so he removes his false nose and ears, which reveals that he is really a cat. Fievel blurts out "He's a cat!" Warren orders the other cats to capture the intruder. Tiger tries to help, but is more trouble than help. A big chase ensues. Just when it seems Fievel has escaped again, a paw grabs him and pulls him back into the sewer. Back at the museum, Gussie explains the plan to the other mice. They are going to scare the cats onto a ship that is bound for Hong Kong with the contraption they have built. Since the ship departs at 6 a.m., the mice must lure the cats to the pier at that precise time. Fievel is being held prisoner in a birdcage in the sewer and is being guarded by Tiger. When Tiger finds out that Fievel lost his family, he empathizes because he lost his family too. We also learn that Tiger is a vegetarian cat. Once Fievel and Tiger become friends, they perform a song and dance routine together titled "A Duo." Digit, the cockroach, sees the prisoner and his guard frolicking together and tells his boss. Fievel manages to escape, so Warren T. fires Tiger. Back on the street, Fievel heads to the pier with the cats right behind. Inside the museum, the mice are sleeping, but Fievels frantic screams wake them up. The cats are ten minutes early, but since the cats are there, the mice in charge of the secret weapon release it. Since it is too early, Honest John and some other mice finally stop it. In front of the museum, Tony shoots Warrens fake nose off exposing him as a cat. Then, Warren sets fire to the museum. Gussie, who is watching the clock, commands the secret weapon be released. Fievel grabs a piece of burning wood and burns the rope that is restraining the weapon. When it begins to move, it throws Fievel up against the wall and knocks him out. Out of the burning building the contraption, the Giant Mouse of Minsk (from the story Fievels Papa had told them), comes rolling down the pier and frightens the cats. They run down the pier, into the water and are lifted onto the departing vessel by the ships anchor. During the mices celebration, Tanya hears Honest John say, "We owe it all to Philly." She asks Papa, "Who is Philly?" Leaking kerosene causes the fire to spread and the pier is consumed in flames. Bridget and Tony look for Philly but all they find is his hat. Tanya hears them calling Philly and reminds her father that immigration changed her name to Tillie. She runs towards the calls; Papa and Mama follow. When they meet Tony, Mama recognizes Fievels hat. Fievel is revived by the firemens water hoses. The force of the water washes him through a hole in the floor. He ends up in Orphans Alley where he meets a group of street urchins who convince him to give up hope of ever finding his family. They tell him if his family really cared, they would have found him by now. Fievel cries himself to sleep. The next morning when Fievel awakes, he hears someone calling his name, but he thinks it is just a dream. Gussie, Tony, Bridget, and his family are riding on Tiger searching for him. Fievel finally pays attention when he hears Papa playing his violin. When he shouts "Papa," his father hears him, jumps off of Tiger and runs towards his son for a happy reunion. The others soon join the celebration. Papa returns Fievels hat, which, to everyones amazement, fits. Papa says, "My son! Now, you are a mouse." The following scene shows Henri flying Fievel and Tanya to see his finished statue. Papa and Mama are flown by another pigeon and Tiger is transported by multiple pigeons. They all admire the Statue of Liberty. The statue even winks at Fievel and Tanya. Fievel asks Henri about all the other land they see from the air. He tells the boy that all of it is America. Fievel wants to see it. Henri assures him that he will someday. As Henri flies them away from the statue, Fievel and Tanya say "Goodbye." The closing credits roll over drawings of the statue. Then, "Somewhere Out There" is heard again as performed by Linda Ronstadt and James Ingram.
tt0070355
Action,Crime,Mystery
The opening credits are played over a shot of a Smith & Wesson Model 29 revolver against a red background. When the credits finish playing, Harry Callahan's voice tells the audience, "This the .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the world. And it could blow your head clean off. Do you feel lucky?" The hand turns the revolver and fires at the camera. Labor racketeer and local mobster Carmine Ricca (Richard Devon) drives away from court after being acquitted on a technicality for the killing of a labor union leader and his family, much to the outrage of a mob of protesters outside the courthouse. A San Francisco Police Department motorcycle cop with a photo on his dresser sees this on a TV broadcast and puts on his helmet and gear, then leaves his house. Ricca, his attorney Weinstein, a bodyguard, and his driver James "Gino" Cantina drive a limo south on I-280 towards Potrero Hill. The motorcycle cop we just saw earlier catches up to the car and gestures for the driver to pull over. The driver pulls off onto a side street at the next exit, and comes to a stop. The cop walks up to the car and asks the driver for his license, telling him that he illegally crossed a double-white line. At Ricca's attorney's urging, the driver reluctantly hands over his license. The cop goes back to his bike, supposedly to write down information in his ticket book. After a few minutes, he returns and asks the driver for his vehicle registration. The driver asks to get his license back. In response, the cop suddenly whips his revolver out and shoots the limo driver in the side of the face. He then shoots the bodyguard in the passenger's seat as he tries to draw a pistol. He then puts two bullets each into Ricca and his attorney in the backseat. With all four men dead, the cop holsters his smoking revolver, walks back to his motorcycle and rides away. Inspector 'Dirty' Harry Callahan (Clint Eastwood) and his partner Earlington 'Early' Smith (Felton Perry) drive by the crime scene, but are asked to leave by Harry's newest adversary on the force, the hot-tempered Lt. Neil Briggs, who had Harry "loaned" from Homicide to Stakeout because he despises his methods (presumably also angered that Harry got his badge back after throwing it away in disgust following the Scorpio case). The loathing is mutual; Harry detests Briggs because of Briggs's hands-off, bleeding-heart law enforcement methods - Riggs proudly boasts that he's never upholstered his gun once in all his years of police work, which leads the unimpressed Harry to mock Briggs with the words, "A man's got to know his limitations." Harry and Early leave the scene and head to San Francisco International Airport to take lunch at a snack shop run by Bill McKenzie, a former buddy of Harry's from the force. Early, as a comparatively wet-behind-the-ears youngster on the force, is grossed out when McKenzie talks about the Ricca killing and a case he worked on involving a gruesome axe murder, all the while Harry chows down on his burger as though nothing is untoward. But a code signal for trouble comes, and Harry notices a group of concerned airport officials gathering around a small cul-de-sac. Harry investigates and finds that airport security is sweating out the hijacking of a jetliner; Harry flashes his badge and learns the hijackers want an overseas pilot, so Harry makes a suggestion. Dressed as a pilot, Harry gets aboard the plane and begins taxiing towards the runway for takeoff, but when the copilot asks if he knows how to fly, he admits that he never had a lesson... which shocks the gunmen in the cockpit long enough for Harry to disarm one and kill the other, and gives him opportunity to show up Lt. Briggs when he arrives at the scene. The dislike between Callahan and Briggs thus escalates; when the surprised Briggs arrives at the now-freed aircraft Harry mockingly asks him, "What are you doing here, Lieutenant?" and leaves while the lieutenant seethes at being shown up. Later Harry arrives at a target range near Oakland and encounters an old friend, traffic officer Charlie McCoy (Mitchell Ryan). McCoy has recently left his wife Carol, though it is clear he still holds her close to his heart, and is bitter over how his life has changed. Harry, concerned, suggests Charlie retire, but Charlie vows never to do so and instead "go out fighting". In the target range Harry encounters four rookie traffic cops Philip Sweet (Tim Matheson), John Davis (David Soul), Donald "Red" Astrachan (Kip Niven), and Michael Grimes (Robert Urich), who practice incessantly and are inseparable buddies from their days as Army Rangers. Harry chats with them for a few minutes and even lets Phil Sweet try his .44; he is impressed by Sweet's dexterity with the heavy revolver and with the four young policemen overall. The next day, the mystery motorcycle cop drives out to Tiburon, and the hillside estate of a known gangster who is hosting a swimming party. After parking his bike, he walks up the hill, creeping through the bushes, equipped with a satchel charge and an M76 sub-machine gun. He tosses the satchel charge into the pool to get the attention of the party-goers, who stare up at him, at which point he opens fire - gunning down everyone in attendance. As the bodies lie dead around or even in the pool, the officer walks back to his motorcycle and rides away. Briggs appears later on a broadcast condemning the violence. Harry is watching the newscast at Carol McCoy's house, and she is glad that the ordeal of her divorce is now over; she then asks Harry why he's never hit on her, but her seduction is interrupted by the play of her rambunctious children, then by a phone call to Harry from Early, who is part of a stakeout at a general store where possible robbery suspects have arrived. Harry thus is forced to cut short his dinner date with Carol and drive to the back entrance of the Cost Plus World Market on Taylor Street, where through a two-way mirror in the manager's office, he and a uniformed officer monitor as Early and two checkout associates attend to customers. A man who is at the magazine rack leaves and then returns with three salty-looking dudes who promptly conjure shotguns and pistols. The group's leader punches the store's eldest associate, orders him to find the store safe, and then orders Early to his knees - a fatal mistake, for it gives Harry the opening to shoot him through the mirror. A gun battle erupts. Early shoots one of the robbers out front, the driver gets away, and the last man is shot dead by Harry. After the robbery is stopped, Harry and Early return to headquarters to finish the ensuing paperwork and they pass the four rookie cops, whom Early knows from their days at the police academy. Later that night, we see a prostitute cut in line at the Fairmont Hotel downtown to get a taxicab. When she is about to climb out of the cab at her destination, the pimp (Albert Popwell) she is coming to see suddenly appears out of nowhere and roughly shoves her back into the cab and orders the driver to take off. He finds that she has been holding money from him and warns her that she just had her last chance. Angered, he attacks her and attempts to rape her. The cab driver, seeing the struggle, stops the cab and runs off to call the police. Inside the cab, the pimp pours an entire bottle of drain cleaner into the girl's mouth. As she writhes and convulses, the pimp takes his hat and the emptied bottle with him as he leaves, and we see the prostitute's arm fall out, limp, and dead. Some time later, the pimp is driving across the Golden Gate Bridge when the vigilante motorcycle cop catches up to him and signals for him to pull over. The pimp takes the first exit, makes a left turn through the underpass, and stops on the service road underneath the north approach to the bridge. The pimp, as an extra precaution, hides a revolver under his crotch between his pant legs. The motorcycle cop dismounts his bike and walks up to the car, and claims to have caught the pimp speeding. He asks the pimp for his license and vehicle registration, and the pimp pulls out his wallet, flipping it to show his license, as well as a wad of $100 bills. He fails to notice the cop slowly raising his revolver. The pimp's eyes suddenly widen with horror just as the cop shoots him in the side of the neck. As the pimp writhes in the seat, the cop empties the rest of his bullets into his chest. The cop then re-holsters his revolver, walks back to his motorcycle, and rides off as the pimp bleeds to death. Harry returns home that night where a new neighbor, a young woman named Sunny, greets him; a long-time admirer of his heroism, Sunny offers Harry her own gratitude by asking to bed him. But they are interrupted when Lt. Briggs calls Harry to the city morgue to view the bodies of victims of the vigilante, all of them known criminals, which include the freshly deceased pimp. Harry is reassigned to Homicide by his and Briggs's superior, Captain Avery, but a clue is difficult to come by there are no witnesses to the murders though uniformed patrolmen keep finding the bodies, and ballistics checks of the bullets reveal uselessly generic information about the weapons used. The next day, Harry and Early examine a bullet recovered from the pimp's body that proves to be a .357 Magnum round. Harry and Early also examine the pimp's car at the crime lab, learning from the ballistics expert that the killer emptied an entire magazine into the pimp from point-blank range. When he notices that the pimp was holding out his driver's license and a $100 bill like he was trying to bribe a traffic cop, Harry begins to suspect that the killer of these criminals is someone they'd never suspect. He thus begins to clash with Briggs when Briggs suspects harbor side racketeer Frank Palancio, who had worked with Ricca in the past, may be behind the murders. Harry and Early tail Palancio and harass him as he is driven around the city. But elsewhere, the vigilante cop reaches the top of a penthouse in Pacific Heights, puts a silencer on his revolver, and guns down drug kingpin Lou Guzman and three of his associates (who are being monitored by Harry's friend Frank DiGiorgio and his partner from an office building a block away) with a suppressed Colt Python. As the killer makes his way to the basement, he runs into Charlie McCoy, exiting the utility room. McCoy seems to recognize the killer cop and thinks he is just another fellow officer... until the killer cop raises his revolver and shoots McCoy in the chest. McCoy falls, his helmet falling off, at which point the mystery cop shoots him again in the head, then leaves. Upon seeing DiGiorgio, the cop tells them of McCoy's shooting, then holds back bystander. The killer cop removes his helmet... revealing himself to be Davis. Lt. Briggs chews out Harry for harassing Palancio before revealing McCoy's death. Harry and Davis see Charlie's widow and her kids off for the funeral flight back east, and Harry thanks Davis for showing his support. But Harry harbors suspicions about Davis; when they stumble into a robbery attempt at a bowling alley they subdue the robbers before Davis furiously dresses down bystanders for letting such crimes take place. Later, Davis and Harry compete in a police shooting contest. To prove his suspicions right, Harry borrows Davis's revolver and deliberately misses one target. He recovers it and matches it to the bullets from Charlie McCoy's body. But Harry is reluctant to reveal all he knows when he shows Lt. Briggs a bullet under a forensic microscope, as he now trusts no one. His mistrust proves warranted when a police raid hits Palancio's harbor side offices. Harry has asked for Davis and Sweet to back him up. Palancio and his men are having lunch in the office when they receive an anonymous phone call from an unseen person warning them that they will be attacked in two minutes by hit men disguised as cops. When Sweet knocks on the door, Palancio blasts him from behind the door with a shotgun, and a gun battle ensues. Harry takes out one thug wielding a sub-machine gun before backup arrives. After backup arrives, Davis manages to take out two thugs in the main office single-handedly. As Palancio attempts to flee, Harry clings onto the hood of his car, distracting Palancio, who dies when he takes a wrong turn and is skewered on a crane. When Briggs and Captain Avery try to blame Harry for the debacle, Harry fights back by noting Palancio's men fired first, indicating they were tipped off. Briggs refuses to believe it, vows to ruin Callahan's career, and has Harry hand over the bullet he showed earlier. But the bullet is a fake, as Harry still has the one he found earlier. He now reveals all to Early Smith as he gives him the bullet to give to Briggs if anything happens to Harry. Harry, however, is confronted by the three surviving vigilante cops in the garage of his apartment who make him an offer to join their organization of killing criminals. Harry responds: "I'm afraid you've misjudged me". The three vigilante cops then leave. Harry discovers and defuses a bomb in his mailbox apparently left by the vigilantes in case he refused their offer, but a second bomb kills Early. Briggs arrives and asks Callahan to drive to police headquarters with the bomb. But in the car Briggs draws his .357 Magnum Smith & Wesson Model 19 snub nose revolver and forces the inspector to disarm. Briggs reveals himself as the leader of the death squad, cites the traditions of frontier justice and summary executions, and says, "You're a great cop, Harry... but you'd rather stick with the system." Callahan responds, "I hate the goddamn system! But until someone comes along with some changes that make sense, I'll stick with it." Briggs then instructs Harry to get off at the next exit, and as Harry looks in the rear-view mirror he sees Grimes following them. Instantly Harry knows he's been set up. Harry overpowers Briggs and knocks him unconscious, then dumps Briggs out of the car at a shipyard. He then kills the pursuing Grimes by hitting him head-on with his car. He runs onto an old aircraft carrier as the remaining two vigilante cops arrive. The unarmed Harry evades his pursuers and beats Astrachan to death in one of the abandoned ship's hallways, then takes his motorcycle with Davis in pursuit. After a series of daring jumps on the carrier, the two cyclists run out of deck space; Harry is able to stop, but Davis is unable to stop in time, and rides straight off the carrier deck and into the water, where he drowns. Harry looks down at Davis's body floating in the water and contemptuously says, "Briggs was right. You guys don't have enough experience". As Harry stumbles back to his damaged car, Briggs appears again, his .38 snub nose aimed squarely at Harry. The crooked Lieutenant menaces the inspector and threatens to prosecute Harry for killing fellow cops. Harry stealthily activates the timer on the mail bomb as Briggs gets into the car and drives off. The bomb explodes before Briggs has driven 100 feet, killing the corrupt Lieutenant. The final scene of the movie is a close-up of Harry's face as he again says the movie's famous tagline: "A man's got to know his limitations", before he walks away.
tt0105156
Drama,Thriller
Sylvie Cooper (Sara Gilbert) is a alienated and misanthropic teenage girl at a private high school for the wealthy. She first meets "Ivy" (Drew Barrymore), a poor but intelligent and highly trashy girl, at a local hangout where Ivy enjoyed rope-swinging from a tree. A young boy runs up and says, "Come on! A dog got hit!" Sylvie kneels next to the still breathing dog when all of a sudden Ivy crushes the dog's skull with a pipe (to put it out of its misery). While sitting in the office for phoning in a bomb threat to a local TV station (that Sylvie's father works for) she sees Ivy walk in and begins to talk to her. Later that day, when Sylvie's father (Tom Skeritt) picks her up, Ivy asks for a ride. At first Darryl, Sylvie's father, is reluctant, but grudgingly compromises. Ivy tells Sylvie she gets car sick and asks to ride in the front (a ruse to get near Darryl, Ivy has a bit of a fetish for older men). Ivy puts her bare feet on the dashboard and allows her mini-skirt to shrug back onto her hip revealing her legs. Darryl takes notice. A few weeks later, after Sylvie is no longer grounded, they meet again at the same hangout. They walk to Sylvie's house together, on the way Sylvie tells Ivy that Darryl is her adoptive father and that her biological father was black. She also says that she once tried to kill herself. Sylvie invites Ivy into her parent's mansion. They walk into the living room overlooking the San Fernando Valley. Ivy says that if she were to kill herself she'd like to fall. Sylvie's sickly mother, Georgie (Cheryl Ladd), walks in on their conversation, and it turns out that Sylvie was lying about her attempted suicide and her father. Georgie does not want Sylvie to be friends with Ivy initially, but Ivy later wins Georgie over by talking about her scholarship and helping her unblock her oxygen tank. In a voice-over, Sylvie narrates that Georgie liked Ivy's energy and that her mother and stepfather enjoyed Ivy so much that Ivy had practically moved in. Over the next several weeks, Ivy and Sylvie sleep in the same bed and share clothes, but when Georgie offers to lend Ivy some of her clothes because of their similar figures, Ivy begins to wear the expensive clothes. After a spat with her parents, Sylvie says she wants to do something to "make her parents cringe" and Ivy convinces her to get a tattoo so that "they can be like blood sisters". A few days later, Darryl decides to throw a party at his house to try and improve his failing career, and he enlists Sylvie to help him. When Sylvie's boss at the charity center calls Ivy picks up the phone and tells him that Sylvie can work the night of the party, which allows Ivy to fill in. She straightens her hair and wears one of Georgie's dresses. That night, after the party, she dances in the kitchen and then begins to dance with Darryl. Georgie walks in on them and storms upstairs. While Georgie and Darryl are sitting together, Ivy walks in and tells Georgie that she is sorry. She claims that Darryl came into the kitchen to cry, and that she was only hugging him to make him feel better. Georgie believes her and accepts a glass of champagne from Ivy. She then falls unconscious because of the pills Ivy had put in the champagne beforehand. Ivy sits on the bed next to Georgie, and begins to massage Darryl with her foot while he kisses her legs. Ivy appears to change over the next few days. She continues to straighten her hair and wears more and more of Georgie's clothing. Sylvie becomes increasingly irritated with Ivy and throws a fit when she finds Ivy with her dog in Georgie's sports car. She makes Fred (the dog) choose between her and Ivy. Ivy cheats and shakes the treats in her pockets while she calls Fred. That day, Sylvie skips school and tries to spend some time alone to sort things out in her head. Darryl picks Ivy up and they go out into the forest where Ivy gets Darryl drunk while they have sex. The next morning, Georgie plays a record that Sylvie made for her and walks out onto her balcony. Ivy walks up behind her and begins talking to Georgie. Then, without warning, Ivy pushes Georgie off the balcony and makes it look like a suicide (which Georgie regularly threatened). A few weeks later, Sylvie washes Georgie's old sports car and Ivy walks up with the urn holding Georgie's remains. She suggests that they take a ride as a final goodbye to Georgie. While she's driving, Ivy begins to hum the song that Georgie was playing the morning Ivy pushed her. Sylvie confronts her and Ivy crashes the car to avoid answering. Sylvie is knocked out from a severe head injury. Ivy moves the unconscious Sylvie into the driver's seat to incriminate Sylvie. In the hospital, Sylvie hallucinates that her mother is sitting in front of her. This inspires her to get back to her house in an attempt to save her father from Ivy. When she gets to her house, it is storming. She runs inside to get out of the rain, experiencing hallucinations all along the way because of her head injury. When she gets inside, she sees Darryl and Ivy having sex and flees the living room and runs outside. Darryl goes to look for Sylvie and tells Ivy to stay inside. Ivy goes up to Georgie's old room and puts in the tape that was playing the morning Georgie died. She puts on Georgie's robe and walks out onto the balcony. Sylvie is sitting outside in the storm and sees the light and, due to her very serious head injury, believes that it is her mother on the balcony. She goes up to the room. Sylvie sees her mother turn around from the balcony. Sylvie tells Georgie that she loves her and Georgie says she loves Sylvie too. They kiss, but then Sylvie comes out of her hallucination and sees that it is really Ivy. Sylvie attacks Ivy and they fight. The fight goes out onto the balcony and Sylvie pushes Ivy off her. Ivy goes off the balcony, but manages to keep from falling by holding on to Sylvie's necklace. The chain breaks and Ivy falls to her death, still clutching the necklace. The film ends with Sylvie narrating that she still loves and misses Ivy, and that she forgives her because "she was even more alone than me".
tt0117737
Drama,Mystery,Romance
This is the summer when young Lucy, a 19-year-old American, has decided to lose her virginity. For the summer holidays, she arrives in a beautiful place in Tuscany, a villa on a hilltop owned by an English artist, where she discovers different interesting people of different age at different stages of life, of different commitment, understanding, and sexuality. Her dead mother left Lucy her diary which points out she was conceived on this very hilltop, but doesnt say who her father is; Lucy has to find out. Lucy also wants to give herself to the young Italian, Nicolo, who kissed her four years ago, but she discovers that life is not always what you have decided, especialy when love is concerned, it is not that simple, but it is beautiful. She takes in all this beauty. We all steal beauty from the world. We need it as we live, as we create (the object of the artist, or creating life), as we comply to life, as one's loses one's virginity. Life feeds on stealing beauty, before becoming beauty itself. Lucy has grown up.
tt1798243
Comedy,Drama,Music
The film opens as Josh Manning (Miles Heizer) is recording his own songs in his college dormitory dorm room for demo and is interrupted by one of his floor mates looking for someone. He stops recording, annoyed at the interruption. Meanwhile, his father Sam Manning (Billy Crudup) has succeeded in landing a large account at his advertising firm, and calls Josh to celebrate with him at the end of that days classes. Josh tells him he cant make it but his father insists, though Josh begins to make his way to the campus library anyway. Sam continues to wait at the bar where he told him to meet him and even leaves a message for Josh who has apparently stood him up. He is distracted by a news report of a school shooting incident at his sons campus library on the television in the bar. Later, a memorial wake is being held at Joshs home by his mother, Emily (Felicity Huffman), and due to the media coverage received, Sam has a difficult time being able to grieve in his own way with press being cordoned at the end of the street by police, and a news helicopter hovering above the family home. Sam is consoled by family and attendees while sitting alone to one side as his wife is greeting others. Sam walks into Joshs bedroom to look around, attempting to find some kind of understanding over the loss, and is interrupted by Kate Lucas, who tells Sam that she and Josh had been dating the year prior. Sam then makes his way to his own home and finds the media coverage is interfering with his daily life, and he eventually succumbs to alcoholism, as far as showing up intoxicated at his firm; acting erratically and kissing his receptionist in a drunken state, for which his employer is advising him to take time off to better cope with the situation. Two years later, Sam has removed himself from his former life and is now living on a sailboat on a lake, far from home, having taken a job as a contractors assistant and for the most part drinking away his free time. His habits are causing habitual lateness and annoying his employer, who cautions Sam about repeated lateness. Getting up to relieve himself from the side of the boat has caught the chagrin of the governing board of the lake and the wrath of Alaird Dupree (because its openly visible to other tenants and the small seafood restaurant nearby), the agent acting on behalf of the board. It is clear he dislikes Sam, and the feeling is very much mutual. Going for a drink with some coworkers after his day of working, he hides the details of his previous life and his true identity from everyone, even making up humorous stories about his past. (He tells his coworkers that he fingered Gotti and is in the protection of the Federal Witness Protection Program), Sam notices that The Trill tavern hosts open mic events for musicians. Returning to the marina, he encounters Emily waiting for him, who says shes moving to Tulsa and is now the mother of a new son. She requires his signature to place their former house up for sale. She has also brought the remainder of Joshs possessions - demo discs, instruments and gear - which Sam emphatically states he has no room for on his tiny sailboat. Emily tells him she was certain he would want it because they had played together since Josh was younger. Hours pass after Emily leaves. He tries his best to ignore the collection of his sons possessions over a meal. He storms over to where Emily had left it beside the road and begins to place it in a dumpster but stops, noticing the notebooks and discs, and begins to listen to them back on the boat, and read through the collection of lyrics and writings Josh left behind. He even begins to teach himself some his sons material. After work the next day, Sam decides to perform Home, one of Joshs songs, at The Trill, and catches the attention of Quentin (Anton Yelchin), a young guitarist who was excitedly moved by the performance. The next day, Quentin brings Sam coffee and food and discusses the previous night performance, stating he believes there are other songs, and if there are, they could perform them together. Sam declares hes not interested, and continues to listen to more and teach himself his sons material. Quentin tries again the next day and shows him an alternate arrangement possibility for the song. The two end up sharing a meal and playing instruments together for the rest of the night. Sam neglects to tell Quentin that he wasnt the pieces actual author. At the end of the night, Quentin gets Sam to agree to perform together at The Trill, adding more and more to each arrangement, including a percussion section in the way of Aiken. The next day, Sam is introduced to Del (Laurence Fishburne), the owner and operator of the local music supply store, who reveals that he's selling his business and plans to retire and tour by motor home with his wife in his later years. Quentin shows Sam the 1978 Gibson Les Paul hanging in the store, but is unable to afford it (a source of good-natured joking between Quentin and Del). Upon leaving the store, Sam watches a staged meeting between Quentin and Willy, a bass guitarist, in hopes that they can include him in their performances, but Sam is resistant to starting a band. The next day, the quartet meeting to practice in Quentins garage beneath his apartment, and Quentin is very evasive about his own past. The group, now complete, has impressed The Trill owner (played by director William H. Macy) who asks them to perform regular Saturday nights as house entertainment, to which the band agrees - even Sam, reluctantly. The new name, Rudderless, quickly gains notoriety and local fame. Meanwhile, Quentin is revealed as extremely shy of the opposite sex, which Sam attempts to help him through, though Quentin finds the advice generally unhelpful. Sam arrives at Quentins apartment one afternoon and meets his mother, Joyce, who Sam mistakes as an older prostitute after seeing Quentin hand her a small amount of cash as they hug. Quentin is embarrassed because his mother has had issues with (unspecified) responsibilities, even spending his junior year of high school living in a car, and has vowed never to lower himself to that level of poverty again. At the mall, Sam buys Quentin new clothing to give him a style, and develop confidence from it. It does help a little, and Quentin begins to enjoy the attention Rudderless has gained him. Following the show, as the band members are to go to a party, Sam sees Kate - now calling herself by her middle name, Ann, who shames him for playing the songs in public. The next day, Sam visits Joshs grave and finds it vandalized as Josh Manning is revealed to have been the killer in the school shooting incident where he died. Emily arrives with cleaning supplies, and implies its a fairly regular occurrence, and the two parents begin to clean off the graffiti from the headstone. Afterward, the two share some tequila, and its revealed that today is Joshs birthday. Emily tells Sam that a couple of the other parents have reached out to her to forgive them for Joshs actions, but Sam still appears to be in denial. Emily insists that they had acted properly in their parental roles and they have nothing to feel guilty for and that Josh had to have been mentally ill to carry out such an act of violence. Continuing to drink into the Saturday he is scheduled to work, Sam goes to his job and, finding a yard hammock, falls asleep. His employer finds and fires him. Sam assures him that he had already quit and walks away. Later that day, the other members of the band arrive with girls, and spend the afternoon on Sams boat. As Sam goes below, the other members plead with him about a local block party theyve been invited to play, and its entirely possible it could lead to bigger and better opportunities for Rudderless in the way of airplay and exposure. But Sam is reluctant, now knowing that Joshs songs would never be accepted when people find out the truth of their authorship. Sam visits Del the next day to acquire a new amplifier tube, and finds Del and wife Tina having gotten the RV stuck. Sam manages to get it out onto the street. Del asks him why he will not play the show, and Sam begins to question why he is really doing all of this. He arrives at Quentin's garage and insists that the song Quentin wrote will be the final song, finally pushing him out of his comfort zone. Feeling good about the outcome, Sam makes his way toward the street stage and is surprised to find Kate/Ann talking to the other three members on the stage, presumably telling them the actual origin of the songs they all assumed Sam wrote. She confronts him and tells him that the incident and her association with it had so interfered with her life that she had to change her name and leave school. She had been pursued and harassed by people and media alike, asking humiliating questions, even suggesting they had been members of a cult. Quentin asks Sam if it was true, and Sam acknowledges the truth for the first time. Quentin outright refuses to play the material and strikes Sam as hes walking away despite the other two trying to persuade him to play the material one time only, and then move on. Sam again goes into a drinking binge and returns home to the marina to find the Board had the area sealed with a chain link fence. Sam attempts to climb it and falls over to the opposite side, breaking the guitar neck of his guitar strapped to his back, ruining it. The next morning, the scheduled sailing regatta Alaird warned him about is loudly underway. The sailboat procession is disrupted by Sam playing the 1812 Overture on his electric, sailing directly into the course of the other boats, and casting some over the sides of their own craft, for which Sam is arrested. He calls Del to bail him out and is surprised when Del tells him he knew who he was the entire time, but did not know the songs were written by Josh. The next day, Sam visits the site of the shooting, and finds the erected memorial identifying the shooting victims by name. Sam breaks down in tears of grief over the guilt of Joshs actions, but finally accepts that he has lost his own son despite what he has done. Sam then visits Emily, bring her Josh's discs, and says that one day, the new baby will want to know who his half brother was beyond what history will paint him to be. Sam then visits Dels store and discovers Quentin has discarded his instruments, telling Del to sell them on consignment. Sam then asks of the offer on the store was a good offer", implying that Sam would be interested in buying Dels store. He then goes to visit Quentin at the donut shop where he works, and implores him to continue playing and writing even if its without Sam. Sam tells him that he found performing Joshs material addictive, offering catharsis to his life and the bond with Josh. He concludes the visit, having brought back Quentins guitar cases. One contains the Les Paul that Quentin so long idolized and wanted. Finally, Sam performs the songs he had been working on, first admitting and telling the audience who Josh was, what he had done, and that he had written the song he was about to play. Closure for Rudderless lets us see Sam has been replaced by a new guitarist. Del has been given Sams sailboat (presumably in payment), and Emily finally decides to listen to Joshs music. Sam completes the song, including (presumably) improvised lyrics about missing his son in the songs climax and leaves the stage.
tt0086984
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The film begins and ends with the protagonist, Jake Scully (Craig Wasson), playing the part of a vampire on the set of a low-budget horror film. After he ruins a take by being unable to rise from a coffin due to claustrophobia, a fire breaks out on the set and he is sent home by the director Rubin (Dennis Franz). Scully arrives home early and catches his girlfriend having sex with another man. Since it is the girl's apartment, he must leave, so without a place to stay he heads to an acting workshop, where he makes a new friend, Sam. Sam offers him a house-sitting arrangement at an opulent Modernist bachelor residence high atop the Hollywood Hills. He also points out a sexy female neighbor, Gloria Revelle (Deborah Shelton), whose seemingly exhibitionistic antics can be viewed by telescope; she is a wealthy and beautiful woman who evidently performs a remarkable erotic dance at her window, nightly according to Sam, "just like clockwork." Scully's nightly observations of this woman quickly lead him into a murder mystery. He follows Gloria one day and attempts to warn her that she's being stalked by an Indian with a disfigured face who could be a thief or worse. The mysterious Indian snatches Gloria's purse at the beach, is chased by Scully into a tunnel, and steals what is later discovered to be a card key to Gloria's house. In an ironic twist, Gloria "rescues" Scully by leading him from the tunnel in which he had frozen in a claustrophobic seizure during the pursuit. They briefly embrace, make out, and grope each other as the camera revolves in a continuous 360-degree arc, until Scully kisses her neck and Gloria comes to her senses, apologizes and pushes him away, adjusts her bra and blouse, and departs hastily. Back at the home he's using, Scully then becomes an eyewitness through the telescope as the young woman is brutally attacked and killed by the Indian, who pins her down and runs an electric drill the size of a jackhammer through her body - the auguring bit repeatedly emerges from the ceiling of the room below in a torrent of blood - after she catches him removing items from a wall safe. (That a purported thief would have and use with extreme deadly force such an implement leads viewers to suspect that perhaps the murder was of a personal nature as opposed to merely a bungled burglary.) Investigating on his own, Scully pursues a porn queen, Holly Body (Melanie Griffith), whose "signature" dance - "a routine that's a sure ten on the peter meter" according to her - he recognized on a 24-hour porn channel. A descent into her sordid world follows, in which he lands a role in an adult film in order to meet her and then pretends to be a skilled porn director who wants to hire her. He takes credit for a mirror (which inadvertently reflects the camera and crew as the door on which it is hung swings open during the scene). Their trail takes them back to the bachelor pad, where Scully confesses that he is not a porn producer and does not want to cast her in a film, but instead points out the Revelle house and asks her if she was the woman he had observed doing the erotic dance routines in the window. During a brief telephone call from Sam to Scully, Holly identifies the voice of Sam as the man who had hired her to perform specifically for the supposedly voyeuristic Scully. She storms out in a blustery huff and is picked up while hitchhiking by the Indian, who knocks her out with a tire iron. Scully follows them on foot, scaling a gate through which the pair was purported to have just passed (but which is curiously locked with a double chain), and arrives at an open grave adjacent to the Owens Aqueduct that the Indian has just finished digging. (It is not explained how the grave was dug so quickly.) During the confrontation between Scully and the Indian that follows, Scully grabs at the Indian's face, inadvertently removing what is actually a makeup facial cast, revealing that the Indian is actually Sam. Sam then overpowers Scully, tossing him into the grave. When Scully is again frozen from his claustrophobia, Sam begins to bury him as he confesses his scheme, which was to set Scully up as a witness to Gloria's murder by the "Indian" and give Sam an alibi. The film then cuts to the set of the vampire movie, where Scully (wearing the dirt-caked leather jacket from the aqueduct grave scene instead of the vampire costume and heavy makeup as before) again freezes during the coffin scene and ruins the take. This time, however, he convinces Rubin to let him try it again. Cutting back to the grave, we see Scully overcome his claustrophobia and attack Sam, who is knocked into the aqueduct when his dog charges at Scully and misses. The film ends with Scully, back on the set and in his vampire costume, filming a shower sequence in which a body double of his next victim is being carefully inserted into the scene, while Holly watches with the film crew.
tt0082418
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Two months later after Crystal Lake's brutal massacre, Alice (Adrienne King), wakes up after dreaming about Mrs. Voorhees' decapitation. She talks on the phone to her mother, then she takes a shower and decides to boil the kettle. When she opens the fridge, she finds Mrs Voorhees' severed head, before being stabbed in the head with an ice pick by a unidentified assailant. Five years later, a group of young adults have come to Crystal Lake to attend a counselor training center that has been set up near the now-condemned Camp Crystal Lake. While some counselors, named Jeff (Bill Randolph) and Sandra (Marta Kober), are in town on their way to the facility, the town drunkard Crazy Ralph (Walt Gorney) appears and tells the counselors to turn back, as the young counselors five years ago did not heed his warning. At the camp, Paul (John Furey), the leader of the group, explains how camp counseling is a serious job, and that the main danger in this area is bears. Ginny (Amy Steel), Paul's former girlfriend, arrives in her broken-down Volkswagon and attends the meeting as well. One night, around a campfire, Paul tells the people about how Jason Voorhees drowned in the same lake which their training area also bounds; how his mother was found to be the infamous murderer of "Camp Blood"; and that Alice survived only to disappear shortly thereafter, and that some of the local residents believe Jason is still alive and viciously protects the area around Crystal Lake. When the counselors seem into the story, they are shocked by a mask-wearing man with a spear, but it only turns out to be the prankster Ted (Stu Charno) in a monster mask and Paul claims that Jason is dead. While some of the counselors are seen making out, Crazy Ralph is standing behind a tree, and is suddenly killed using a garotte around his neck. The next day, Jeff and Sandra sneak away to Camp Crystal Lake, which is now in disrepair. As they are about to go into one of the cabins, they are stalked by an unseen man who then approaches them; but it is revealed that is a local policeman (Jack Marks) who has caught them trespassing. The policeman returns the two counselors to camp, where Paul only recommends a light punishment. However, when driving away, the policeman sees somone dart out in front of his squad car, and is running in the direction of the off-limits Camp Crystal Lake. The policeman chases after the masked man to arrest him as well, only to lose him and go into a cabin. The policeman then sees a horrifying sight (not shown to the viewer) before having a claw hammer slammed into the back of his head. After getting to know one another and participating in some training exercises (which consist of dancing, jogging through the woods, swimming and a cookout), the majority of the trainees leave the campsite to party in town for the evening with the exception of Jeff, Sandra (it is their punishment), Mark (Tom McBride) (he is in a wheelchair), Vicki (Lauren-Marie Taylor) (she wants to stay and talk to Mark), as well as Vicki's friend Teri (Kirsten Baker), and Scott (Russell Todd). Teri decides to go for a swim, and goes skinny dipping. During this, her clothes are stolen by someone, and she exits the lake. It is revealed to be Scott who stole her clothes. As they playfully fight, Scott is caught in a trap, and is hung upside down. Teri goes to look for something to cut him down with. While she is looking, Scott's throat is cut by the assailant, using a panga machete. When Teri returns, she thinks Scott is playing a game, but finds him dead, and she is killed off-screen. Meanwhile, far away from the camp, the other group of counselors are partying at a local bar. Ginny brings up the legend of Jason, imagining what Jason would be like if he were alive, deducing he had seen his mother murdered and would be a vengeful creature unaware of the meaning of life and death. Paul, in response, dismisses her concerns and tells her that he is only a legend since Jason drowned in the lake and his demented mother, whom murdered seven people at Camp Crystal Lake, is also dead and buried. Ginny gets bored and decides to return to the camp, and Paul accompanys her, while Ted and the rest of the counselors stay behind at the bar. As it begins to rain, Vicki goes to put some make up on, so Mark will find her more attractive. Mark is on the balcony, when the killer attacks him from behind, by slamming the machete through his head and his corpse, along with his wheelchair falls down the raining stairs. Vicki goes into the house to look for Mark, but cannot find him. Jeff and Sandra are upstairs having sex, but not knowing the assailant heads upstairs and resulting both of them impaled through the bed with a spear. Vicki goes upstairs, and finds them dead, and finds the assailant, wearing a one-eyehole gunny sack over his head, where then she is stabbed through her stomach with a chef's knife. Upon their return to camp, the rain lets up and Ginny and Paul discover the lights are not working in the main cabin and sheets on an upstairs bed appear to be covered in blood. During the search, Ginny finds the two bodies of one the counselors, and then opens the freezer, where Crazy Ralph's corpse falls out. Soon, Paul is attacked by the gunny-masked assailant as Ginny runs out into the woods. After a lengthy chase, Ginny stumbles upon the assailant's cabin and enters. In the back room, she discovers an altar with Pamela Voorhees' head (Now mummified) on it, surrounded by the bodies of the recent victims. At this point, Ginny realizes that Jason Voorhees is the murderer, who seemingly survived his drowning and now seeking revenge upon his deceased mother. Using her study of child psychology to her advantage, Ginny dons Mrs. Voorhees' sweater and deceives Jason into believing that she is his mother (although Jason wises up when he sees his mother's severed head). Jason sees Ginny attempting to attack him with his mother's machete, in which he quickly acts by slashing Ginny's right leg with a pickaxe. Paul, (still alive) runs in and tackles Jason to the floor, at which one point Jason overthrows him and prepares to kill him with his pickaxe. Ginny revives, takes the machete, and slams it through Jason's left shoulder, seemingly killing him. Afterwards, Ginny and Paul uncover his disfigured face (unseen to the viewer) as they leave the cabin. Paul and Ginny retreat back to their cabin, now believing Jason is dead and find Muffin, Terri's pet dog (alive and active). As Ginny calls to her dog Muffin to come, an unmasked and deformed Jason (Warrington Gillette) breaks through the window (With the machete still intact in his shoulder) and pulls Ginny out. The next morning, Ginny wakes up while being placed in an ambulance with no recollection of what happened to Paul. The final shot shows Mrs. Voorhees' head still on the altar, where Jason is also nowhere found, but it is strongly implied that he is still active, before ultimately fading to black.
tt0110074
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
It's December 1st, 1958 and everything at Hudsucker Industries is going great. Profits and the stock price have never been so high, so it is shocking when President Waring Hudsucker (Charles Durning) runs down the table at the Board of Directors meeting and throws himself out the 45th floor window of the Hudsucker building. Despite this tragedy, vice-president Sidney J. Mussburger (Paul Newman) quickly focuses the board on the problem that Waring's death has left them: With no designated heir his 51 percent share of stock will be sold to the public one month from that day. The board would like to buy the stock and retain control of the company, but at the current price, they cannot afford it. Mussburger comes up with a plan to depress the stock price by temporarly putting an obviously incompetent person in the President's seat. But who can he find that is stupid enough to qualify? Fortunately, for him, Norville Barnes (Tim Robbins) has just arrived in town with a brand new degree from the Muncie, Indiana, School of Business. Barnes has an idea for a new product, which he shows to everybody he meets. Unfortunately it appears to only be a circle drawn on a piece of paper as Barnes has a problem explaining exactly what he has in mind. Barnes is working in the Hudsucker mailroom the morning of Waring's death and as the new boy is given the unenviable task of taking a high-priority "Blue letter" (they are always bad news) up to Mussburger's office. Before delivering the letter Barnes first tries to show Mussburger his idea for his new product and in the process sets an important contract on fire and nearly causes Mussburger to fall out the window. In all this, however, Mussburger realizes he had found the perfect dupe to take the president's job. With a shave and a new wardrobe Barnes is quickly installed in the president's office, separated from Mussburger's own by the works of the massive company clock. It is at this point we meet the kindly clock keeper (Bill Cobbs) and the company repairman. They seem to represent good and evil forces in the film. Newspaper editor (John Mahoney) is suspicious of this move to put a novice at the helm of such a big company and dispatches prize-winning reporter Amy Archer (Jennifer Jason Leigh) to find out what is going on. Approaching Barnes as a poor, unemployed girl from Muncie, Archer gets him to hire her as his secretary. At first she thinks him an imbecile, and writes her story like this causing the stock price to plummet just as Mussburger wants. She soon changes her mind, however, seeing him as a bright and good-hearted fellow who is just totally naive about company politics. They soon start to fall in love. Now that he is the president, Barnes decides to have the company produce his new product. Mussburger goes along with this as he expects it to be a bust further dropping the stock price. As it turns out Barnes's idea, when actually manufactured, is the hula-hoop which soon becomes a big success and pushes Hudsucker stock prices to new heights. Mussburger sets out to totally discredit Barnes by having elevator operator Buzz (Jim True-Frost) claim Barnes stole the hula-hoop idea from him. He also discovers that Archer is actually the reporter that wrote the story bad-mouthing Barnes and accuses him of bad judgment in hiring her. The apparent betrayal by Archer sends Barnes into an emotional tailspin and Mussbuger has psychiatrist Dr. Hugo Bronfenbrenner (David Byrd) declare him mentally incompetent. Archer finds Barnes at a beatnik bar on New Years Eve and tries to apologize to him, but he leaves intending to throw himself out the window of his office. He first puts on the apron he wore in the mailroom and then climbs out on the ledge. He finds he can't do it, but slips and falls anyway. Suddenly halfway to the ground he stops as the clock keeper has wedged a broom handle into the mechanism of the company clock apparently stopping time. While Barnes hangs in space, Waring Hudsucker visits him in the form of an angel. Waring reminds Barnes of the blue letter he never delivered which is still in his apron pocket. Barnes reads the letter which reveals that Waring, despite his apparent success, was never happy because he drove away the woman he really loved. The letter also goes on to state that the 51 percent of the shares owned by Waring will go to whoever the board selects as the next company president (who, at the time, Waring was sure would be Mussburger), so that person will be free to operate without the pressure from the stockholders. Barnes realizes this will save him, if only he can avoid falling the rest of the way to his death. Up in the clock room a fight starts between the good clock keeper and the evil repairman. The broom is knocked out of the mechanism and Barnes starts falling again. A punch from the clock keeper, however, sends the repairman's false teeth flying into the mechanism to stop the clock again with Barnes only two feet above the ground. When it starts again he is uninjured by the short fall and races to the bar to tell Archer that he loves her. Barnes is again in charge of the company and Mussburger, finding out that he could have had everything he wanted - the presidency and the stock - if he only hadn't been greedy, goes off the deep end and is sent off to a sanitarium. With Archer as his girl at the next board meeting Barnes introduces his next big idea for Hudsucker Industries, the Frisbee. The board applauds and the film ends.
tt0071571
Action,Crime,Drama
Mandrian Pace is an insurance investigator in Los Angeles who moonlights as a professional car thief. One day, he meets up with a South American drug lord named Velez who offers him $50,000 to steal 48 cars by the end of the week, a challenge which Mandrian cannot refuse. He decides to tell his boss, Eugene Chase, to cancel his honeymoon with his wife, much to his disdain as he needs help fulfilling the contract. The relationship between Mandrian and Eugene is volatile because Mandrian is in love with Eugene's sister, Pumpkin, and his brother Stanley works at Mandrian's garage. Stealing all the cars proves to be an easy task, but with the exception of one car nicknamed Eleanor, a 1973 Ford Mach 1 Mustang. Mandrian tries stealing one of them one night, with the drunken owner giving chase in another car and eventually pulled over and arrested by police. The second one they steal turns out to be not insured and they're forced to give it back to the owner. One night in the garage, the gang discover that a white Cadillac El Dorado they took contains bags of heroin and Sgt. Hawkins arrives in time for the gang to hide the bags. Once he leaves, Eugene wants to pedal the heroin for cash, but the next morning, Eugene and Stanley take the Cadillac to a secluded area and set fire to the car and burn all the heroin. Eugene is outraged and decides to rat out the entire team to the police, around the same time Mandrian and Stanley set out to steal a third Eleanor belonging to disc jockey Hal McClain of KFOX Radio in Long Beach. Two unmarked detectives, who are put on stakeout, across from the radio station spot Mandrian driving it out of the garage. Mandrian notices the cops and speeds off. After a almost 40 minute pursuit through five different neighboring cities, Mandrian finally eludes the cops and spots another Eleanor at a nearby car wash, after tricking the owner that they have to rewash the car. Mandrian replaces the license plate and takes off. The real owner of the car wash and the Eleanor owner notice the mangled one and the owner faints. A pair of nearby cops mistakes the car wash owner of being Mandrian and promptly arrest him. A satisfied Mandrian then drives off into the sunset.
tt0090056
Adventure,Comedy
Set in the Cold War Era anti-communist USA, this spy parody brings to light the differences and similarities between the USA and the USSR. Fitz-Hume (Chase), a Press Representative for the US State Department is a lazy womanizer with the gift of gab. Millbarge (Aykroyd) is a code breaker and language expert with US Intelligence who has been kept in the basement (literally) while others prosper on his talents. Sent to take a government skills test, the two are caught cheating and soon find themselves on a top secret government assignment in order to save their jobs. The two are teamed up, sent to an accelerated covert operations training camp and become GLG-20s (international covert operatives). The two are then sent to the Soviet-Pakistani border where they must make their way on the road to Dushanbe and to their final assignment. Comic misadventures follow the two on their way until they meet up with the real GLG-20s. Millbarge and Fitz-Hume discover they were decoys and they must decide if they should go through with their final mission, or defy their handlers who deceived them. =============================================================================== Somewhere in a frozen forest, a missile on a portable launch gantry breaks through the trees. Surrounding it are guards in white snow-camouflage uniforms. The emblems on their uniforms suggest they are Soviet troops. Above the Earth, a spy satellite films the operation, beaming photographs down to Washington DC. At the Ace Tomato Company, an agent takes the photos out of a produce storage warehouse in a briefcase chained to his wrist. He drives to a private mansion where two men, Ruby and Keyes, study the photos -- after they lock the agent in a small hidden closet when they discover they don't have the key to his handcuff. Two generals, Sline and Miegs, meet with Ruby and Keyes and determine that the missile will be a workable scenario for a mission they have planned. They want to send in two covert operatives, GLG-20 level agents, to seize control of the missile. However, they also know that the mission will be extremely dangerous and they'll need two more GLG-20s to act as decoys. Ruby and Keyes agree to recruit two more agents. Across town, in the US State Department, a government diplomat, Emmet Fitz-Hume, irresponsibly watches a movie starring President Ronald Reagan. His coworker asks him if he plans to take the Foreign Service Board exam. Fitz-Hume says he's going to take it but shirks his responsibility to study for the test. He also points out that he comes from a long line of government clerks uninterested in promotion & that he's satisfied staying in his current job. In a basement chamber underneath the Pentagon, another government operative, Austin Milbarge, an expert code-breaker, is visited by his Air Force supervisor, who only keeps him around to do his work for him. Milbarge knows he's eligible to take the Foreign Service Board exam and leaves, hoping to get away from his supervisor. Milbarge and Fitz-Hume report for the examination. Fitz-Hume wears an eye patch and a cast on his left arm and, after a failed attempt to bribe the proctor, uses crib notes he's attached to his eye patch and hidden in his mouth and the cast to cheat. He also enlists the help of Milbarge when he doesn't know the meaning of the acronym "KGB." Fitz-Hume then feigns a nervous breakdown and pretends to have a heart attack. Milbarge jumps to his aide; their antics are captured on film. The two later meet with Ruby and Keyes who tell them that despite their behavior in the examination room, they're going to be promoted to GLG-20-level and sent into training to become foreign agents. They are flown to a training facility and pushed out of an airplane, landing in a forested area. They are met by a small group of ninjas. Fitz-Hume tries humorously to negotiate with the assassins, while Milbarge grabs a branch and prepares to defend himself. However, the ninjas are actually part of a exercise conducted by their training officer, Colonel Rhombus, to assess their capabilities. The two continue their training and continue to be screw-ups, at one point wishing to be discharged. However, they are eventually sent on another plane to Afghanistan. Arriving at a remote village, they are met by two American attaches from the US embassy. While they ride with their escorts across the desert, Milbarge notices that one of them wears a Russian wristwatch. Insisting on a bathroom break, he takes Fitz-Hume with him away from the jeep and tells him that the men are impostors. They suddenly run into the two men. The attaches ask them to reveal the names and locations of their contacts. Milbarge tricks the two men into speaking Russian and they are able to subdue them and escape in the jeep. They arrive at another village, this time run by the Afghani mujaheddin. They are initially taken prisoner and hung upside-down, however, they are discovered by a British doctor, Jerry Hadley, who mistakes them for two additional doctors. They are taken to a tent and introduced to an entire medical team who are assisting the mujaheddin while they battle the Soviet-occupying armies. Milbarge is believed to be a prominent surgeon and a woman doctor, Boyer, asks him to perform an appendectomy on the khan's ailing brother. During the surgery, while Milbarge stalls for time, the khan's brother suddenly dies on the table. The remaining mujaheddin chase them through the desert after they steal a small van and they are eventually able to throw off their pursuit. In another small village, Milbarge and Fitz-Hume call Ruby and Keyes, asking the name of their next contacts and their next destination. Ruby tells them to look for their next contact on the Dushanbe Road in Tajikistan. The two buy winter clothing and hike there, finding the road. While they wait for their contacts, they are found by a Tajik patrol. Milbarge runs off under gunfire while Fitz-Hume surrenders. While Milbarge hikes into mountains, looking for transport, he hears shots. Nearby, Hadley and Boyer have been discovered by another Tajik patrol on horseback and in a furious gunfight, Hadley is killed. Milbarge finds Boyer. When he introduces himself as a GLG-20, Boyer tells him that he and his partner were meant to be decoys. Milbarge is furious but realizes he can't leave Fitz-Hume in the hands of the Tajiks. He borrows one of the horses and Boyer's MAC-10 pistols, he raids the camp where Fitz-Hume is being held and interrogated by the Soviet agents they'd escaped in the desert. The two are able to escape and rejoin Boyer. At a remote drive-in theatre in the American West, Keyes and Ruby enter a top-secret military facility run by Sline and Miegs. The facility houses a sophisticated anti-missile base called WOMP. They await contact from their agents in the Soviet Union. Moving further into the Pamir Mountains, the three hear music, which Milbarge identifies as the song "Soul Finger" by the Bar-Kays. In a small valley below them, they find the Soviet missile emplacement (from the first scene). Milbarge remarks how the guards are isolated, having not set up any sort of communications equipment. Boyer reveals her plan; they will take the missile site by force. Though Fitz-Hume and Milbarge are initially reluctant to approach the nuclear warhead, she convinces them with a stirring speech. She gives them dart-guns that will incapacitate the guards. Milbarge and Fitz-Hume decorate their winter-weather gear to look like alien visitors. When they are able to get close enough to the guards -- who are actually a family -- they shoot them with the darts, knocking them all out. They then communicate with Sline and Miegs, who give them instructions which launch the missile. As the missile circles the Earth, Sline and Miegs activate WOMP, which sends a giant laser blast into space that bounces off several giant mirrors attached to satellites. At a crucial moment, the laser blast misses the nuclear warhead. Ruby and Keyes are horrified, knowing that a strike on a United States city will result in all-out nuclear war. Sline and Miegs tell them that nuclear weapons that go unused are a waste and their plan all along was for the world to destroy itself. Back at the missile site, the Russian family berates the Americans for launching the missile without provocation. The group breaks off into couples, Fitz-Hume and Boyer both join up, and wait for the inevitable destruction of the world. As the warhead streaks toward Detroit, Milbarge suddenly has an idea: he can rewire Boyer's satellite communication box and reverse the coordinates to redirect the missile out into space. The plan works, the missile flies above the Earth and detonates. At the WOMP facility, armed troops suddenly burst in. Sline and Miegs are arrested for conspiracy and Ruby and Keyes both try to babble their way out of the predicament. In Washington, Fitz-Hume and Milbarge engage in unilateral disarmament talks with the Russian family. In actuality, they are playing a variation of Trivial Pursuit with small missiles on a board of the world. The Russians fail to answer a question about American rock n' roll correctly and they lose their missile sites in Eastern Europe.
tt0075066
Comedy,Crime
At a psychiatric hospital, former Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) is largely recovered from the murderous insanity that saw him repeatedly attempt to kill the thorn in his side, Inspector Jacques Clouseau (from the previous Pink Panther films, A Shot in the Dark, and Return of the Pink Panther). He is about to be released but Clouseau (Peter Sellers), who is now Chief Inspector and has arrived to speak on Dreyfus's behalf, comes to visit and his clumsiness and proneness to accidents drive Dreyfus insane again. Soon thereafter, Dreyfus escapes from the asylum, intent on killing Clouseau, who apparently had become a deranged good-cop-gone-bad. His first attempt involves planting a bomb under Clouseau's apartment whilst Clouseau destructively duels with his manservant Cato (Burt Kwouk), who is under orders to keep Clouseau alert by randomly attacking him. The bomb merely destroys Clouseau's apartment whilst Clouseau himself is unharmed, largely because Clouseau has been distracted by an inflatable costume and a telephone call. Cato ends up in the hospital. Using his knowledge of the underworld, Dreyfus frees Anthony Tournier (John Sullivan), a bank robber Clouseau had recently arrested, from prison. Other criminals with a grudge against Clouseau flock under their banner. His next step is to kidnap nuclear physicist Professor Hugo Fassbender (Richard Vernon) and the Professor's daughter Margo (Briony McRoberts), forcing the professor to build a "doomsday weapon" in return for his daughter's freedom. Because Hugo Fassbender fears to have his daughter harmed, he agrees. Clouseau travels to England to investigate Fassbender's disappearance, with typically chaotic results, as Scotland Yard Section Director Alec Drummond (Colin Blakely) and Superintendent Quinlan (Leonard Rossiter) painfully learn. Meanwhile Dreyfus broadcasts himself to the world to announce his ultimatum: destroy Clouseau or he will destroy mankind. Disintegrating the United Nations headquarters in New York City before the disbelieving eyes of the world, he blackmails the leaders of the world, including the President of the United States (a thinly veiled impersonation of Gerald Ford, advised by a similarly poorly camouflaged Henry Kissinger), into assassinating Clouseau. Forced to take Dreyfus's threat seriously, several nations send assassins to kill Clouseau at the Oktoberfest in Germany (whose antics include two accidentally shooting each other in bathroom stalls and one shooting another and then getting shot). Many of the nations, however, instruct their assassins to kill other assassins if necessary in order to win Dreyfus's favor and possibly get hold of the Doomsday Machine. This, combined with Clouseau's typical bumbling fashion, enables Clouseau to evade each assassination attempt just as it is about to happen, so that the assassins all kill each other instead. The assassins of 26 nations are killed in the attempt, so that the only survivors are the Egyptian (an uncredited cameo by Omar Sharif) and a Soviet Union operative. The Egyptian assassin, sneaking into Clouseau's hotel room, shoots a man he believes to be Clouseau (who is in fact Tournier, who had taken it upon himself to kill Clouseau). The Russian operative, Olga Bariosova (Lesley-Anne Down), who has sneaked into Clouseau's room, seduces the Egyptian, similarly mistaking him for Clouseau. His passionate sexuality convinces her not to assassinate him; when the real Clouseau makes an appearance, he is surprised to discover a beautiful woman in his bed who confuses him further by declaring her undying passion for him, and by finding a dead man in his bath. A tattoo on Tournier, combined with Olga's dismissively revealed knowledge, reveals to Clouseau Dreyfus's location at a castle in Bavaria, Germany. Dreyfus is elated at Clouseau's apparent demise, but his joy is soured by a bad case of toothache. Clouseau, who has arrived in the village near Dreyfus's castle and has unsuccessfully attempted to breach the castle, thwarted every time by a drawbridge that appears to be mocking him, eventually infiltrates Dreyfus's castle hideout disguised as a dentist, intoxicates Dreyfus with nitrous oxide, and pulls one of Dreyfus's healthy teeth. Realizing the deception and laughing hysterically, Dreyfus orders Clouseau killed, but Clouseau escapes. Enraged, Dreyfus means to seek vengeance on the world by destroying England; as he prepares for this, Clouseau, who has been thrown into the castle's barnyard, is literally catapulted onto Dreyfus's doomsday machine. Clouseau's weight redirects the disintegrator so that the beam hits Dreyfus (causing his feet to disappear) and Dreyfus's castle. As Dreyfus's henchmen, Fassbender, and his daughter, and eventually Clouseau himself escape the dissolving castle (Clouseau nearly thwarted by the drawbridge), Dreyfus himself plays "Tiptoe Through the Tulips" on the castle's pipe organ, laughing insanely and gradually disintegrating. The castle then disappears entirely, taking Dreyfus with it and destroying him once and for all (or so it seems). Returning to Paris, Clouseau is reunited with Olga, who has dismissed Cato for the evening and intends on completing her seduction of Clouseau. This is interrupted first by Clouseau's apparent inability to remove his clothes without a struggle, and then by Cato, who chooses this time to once more follow his orders and attack Clouseau and Olga. The consequent struggle ends when all three are hurled by a reclining bed into the Seine. Immediately thereafter, a cartoon image of Clouseau emerges from the water, which has been tinted pink, and begins swimming, unaware that a gigantic version of the Pink Panther character is waiting below him with a sharp-toothed, open mouth (a reference to the film Jaws made obvious by the thematic music). The film ends when the animated Clouseau gets chased by the shark in the water (which was actually the pink panther) as the credits roll.
tt0086154
Crime,Horror,Mystery
Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins) is released from a mental institution after being pronounced of sound mind by his psychiatrist, Dr. Bill Raymond (Robert Loggia) after 22 years. At the hearing preceding Norman's release, Lila Loomis (Vera Miles) shows up to protest, producing a petition that she's been circulating with signatures of 743 people who do not want to see Norman return to society. Lila is the sister of Marion Crane, one of Norman's victims (from the first film), and the widow of Sam Loomis, who was Marion's boyfriend at the time of her death. When the judge refuses to acknowledge Lila's petition, she vows to see Norman returned to the institution to pay for his crimes. Dr. Raymond takes Norman back to his old home, the gloomy mansion on the hill behind the Bates Motel. A car is parked by the motel, which belongs to Warren Toomey (Dennis Franz)--the current owner of the motel. Dr. Raymond offers to introduce Norman to him, but Norman says it can wait until later. Walking up the steps to the house, Norman thinks he sees someone in his mother's bedroom window. Dr. Raymond says there hasn't been a tenant in the house for years. Norman admits he is just nervous about being back after such a long time away. Inside the house, all the furniture is covered up with sheets. Dr. Raymond asks Norman if he wants to stay somewhere else, but Norman insists on being back at home. Dr. Raymond reminds Norman that, with him living back at home, the memories from his past are likely to reoccur, but he is confident that Norman can handle it now. Dr. Raymond regrets that there won't be a trained social worker to check in on Norman occasionally, due to budget cutbacks, however Norman says that at least Dr. Raymond will come by from time to time to see him. Dr. Raymond informs Norman that the telephone has been reconnected, and that he is to report to work at noon for a pre-arranged job as a short-order cook and dishwasher at a diner down the road from the motel. After Dr. Raymond leaves, Norman takes his suitcase upstairs, and picks up the phone receiver and hears the dial tone. He sees a piece of paper under the phone, and picks it up. It is a note from Mother. It says, "Norman, I'll be home late. Fix your own dinner. Love, M." Suddenly, Norman is startled when he hears Mother's voice calling to him from her room. Norman then has a memory from his childhood. He sees his adolescent self reflected on the doorknob. Mother says, "Norman! What did you put in my tea? (sounds of a glass breaking) I'm gonna get you for this, Norman. I'll show you what happens to bad little boys who poison their mothers--I'm gonna kill you! Her door slowly opens, and then a hand falls to the floor, writhes for a few seconds, and then lays still. Her door slams shut and Norman lets go of his suitcase, which tumbles down the stairs, his clothes spilling out. Norman arrives at the diner, and introduces himself to a kindly old woman named Emma Spool (Claudia Bryar) who works as a hostess, waitress and cashier. She takes him back to the kitchen to meet Ralph Statler (Robert Alan Browne), the owner and short-order cook. Norman's other co-workers include a grouchy waitress named Myrna (Lee Garlington), and Mary Samuels (Meg Tilly), a young waitress who is less than stellar at her job, only having worked there for the past four days. Emma Spool gets Norman an apron and tells him to take the meal orders while dishwashing and helping Ralph around the stove. When Mary accidentally knocks a pie plate off a table, sending a piece of pie and a large knife to the floor. Ralph angrily asks her what happened. Norman covers for Mary and says that he did it. Ralph lets Norman off the hook and gets him started with some duties, including reading off orders that the waitresses bring back. Later that night, Norman leaves the diner and starts to head back home, when he hears Mary shouting on a payphone, arguing with her boyfriend. She hangs up the phone, and when Norman asks what happened, Mary claims she has been thrown out of her boyfriend's place and needs a temporary place to stay. Norman offers to let her stay at the motel for free. They start walking just as a thunderstorm is forming in the sky. They get back to the motel just as the rain starts pouring down. Norman goes into the office and reaches for the key to cabin #1, but he grabs a different key instead. He tells her to wait there while he checks the bed linen in the cabin. Then, Warren Toomey enters, startling Mary. He asks her if she wants to rent a room, but she says that Norman is taking care of it. Norman comes back, and tells Mary to go up to the house and wait for him. She leaves, and Norman puts a handful of drug paraphernalia down on the desk and questions Warren about it. Norman discovers the motel is now a sleazy hookup location run by the equally sleazy Mr. Toomey. Norman fires Toomey and tells him to be gone by the next night. Back in the house, Norman makes a sandwich for Mary. She finds a knife in a drawer and asks him to cut it for her, and he is very nervous about holding a knife again. He reluctantly cuts the sandwich, but Norman's odd behavior is creeping out Mary. She initially decides against staying with him, but Norman convinces her to stay by telling her that this is the first night back in the house after being institutionalized for so long, and is scared to be alone by himself. Norman takes her upstairs and gets some bedding for her to use. Mary goes into Norman's mother's room, but Norman suggests she sleep in his room. Norman is apprehensive about going into his mother's room, because he tells her that is where some of his "troubles" happened. Mary coaxes Norman into the room by reassuring him there are no ghosts in there. The room is mostly bare, except for some of the furniture which is all covered up with more sheets. The bed mattress is rolled up as well. Norman goes into his room and tosses the bedding on top of his bed and closes the door so she can get settled in for the night. Norman says goodnight, turns the lights off, and sleeps on the couch downstairs. Mary jams the door shut from the inside by putting a chair underneath the doorknob. The next morning, Norman is at the diner chopping lettuce when Mary comes in. She tells him she has decided to stay with a friend in town, rather than with Norman. Just then, a drunk Warren Toomey walks in, and goes to the kitchen window and talks to Ralph and mockingly inquires about Norman's job performance and then he sits down in a booth. Norman is reading off more orders that are placed on a wheel, while Ralph prepares the food. Mary starts to take Warren's order. Instead, Toomey insults her and suggests that she and Norman had slept together the previous night. Norman is slowly becoming angry at Warren's remarks, but tries to maintain his composure. Norman grabs an order off the wheel, but instead it is a note from Mother! It says "Don't let that whore in my house again!" Norman is shocked by this, and bumps into the french fry fryer, spraying hot oil on Ralph's arm. Enraged, Norman confronts Toomey, and Toomey picks a fight with Norman in front of the customers. Norman sees a knife laying nearby and Warren goads Norman into picking it up and using it. Norman doesn't pick it up, and Warren calls him a "chicken," and then leaves. Norman is so traumatized by seeing the note, that he quits his job. Later that night, Mary comes back to the house and tells Norman she has reconsidered and would like to stay with him. She was very impressed with how he handled Toomey earlier. Mary goes upstairs to take a shower. Afterward, she has a funny feeling that she is being watched. In fact, there is a small peephole cut into the wall opposite the shower, and someone's eye is seen looking through the hole at her. Norman is playing the piano in the living room and is startled to hear a loud car horn blaring below. Warren Toomey is outside and he is very drunk, and he is honking the horn to get Norman's attention. He shouts that he is packing his things and moving out. Then the phone rings. Norman answers it, and after a pause, he says angrily, "What? Who is this? My mother is dead! Mr. Toomey, if this is you, you're sicker than I ever was!" Norman hangs up and looks out the front window. The lights to the office are still on, and Norman is convinced it was Toomey who called. Just then, a figure in a black dress comes into the office and murders Toomey by stabbing him as he packs to leave the motel. The murder goes unnoticed, as "Mother" spends all night in the motel parlor cleaning up the evidence of her crime. The next day, Norman's doctor, Dr. Raymond, pays a visit asking Norman why he quit his job at the diner and Norman tells Dr. Raymond that he has decided to dedicate himself to fixing up his motel to make it a legimate business. Norman also tells Dr. Raymond that he has been receiving notes as well as annymous phone calls from someone claiming to be his late mother. Dr. Raymond agrees to look into it. Up in the house, Mary is putting on makeup when she sees a flicker of light relfected in the bathroom mirror and realizes that there is a small hole in the wall leading to Mother's bedroom. Worried, Mary runs out of the house and down the hill where she meets with Norman still talking with Dr. Raymond. She casualy introduces herself to Norman's doctor and explains that she used to work at the diner as well and is now staying on the property to help Norman fix up his motel. Dr. Raymond thanks Norman for his time and drives away. Dr. Raymond goes to the police station in nearby Fairview where he meets Sheriff John Hunt (Hugh Gillin) and tells him about Norman telling him about receiving prank phone calls from someone claiming to be his mother and wants a tap put on Norman's phone, but the sheriff refuses because there are no grounds for that nor has there been any evidence of a crime being committed as of yet. Dr. Raymond leaves and says that he will get to the bottom of what is going on at the Bates Motel. Later that day, while painting part of the motel building, Norman begins to doubt his sanity when he sees a figure standing in the window of this mother's old bedroom. He walks up to the house, where he enters his mother's old bedroom to find it looks exactly as it did 22 years ago. A sound lures him into the attic, where he is locked in by an unseen person. While he is up there, another murder happens in the basement of the house: two teenagers sneak into the basement to smoke pot and make out, but suddenly the figure in the black dress appears and knifes the boy to death. The girl escapes and later returns with the sheriff. In the meantime, Mary finds Norman sleeping in the attic, but the door is unlocked. The sheriff and his deputy arrive at the Bates house where they ring the doorbell and they question Norman and Mary (both of them clearly acting very tense) about the alleged murder. The sheriff investigates the fruit cellar where the killing took place hours earlier, but finds it suspiciously neat and orderly. Norman is confused and wants to admit that something strange is going on, but Mary interjects and claims that she has cleaned up the basement herself. Mary also give Norman an alibi by saying that she was with him all afternoon and they both were not in the house when the alleged murder took place. After the sheriff and deputy leave, Norman is aghast. "Why did you lie to the sheriff like that?" he asks. Mary says, "I had to say something, they were going to arrest you!" All the evidence suggests that Norman is back to his old ways, but Mary is insistent. "It couldn't have been you, you're not like that anymore." Later that evening, Mary is startled when she discovers someone looking at her through the peephole in the bathroom wall. She calls out to Norman, but Norman is downstairs and out of reach... so it can't be him. Mary draws a gun and starts checking the house, but the gun saddens Norman. "That's because of me, isn't it?" he says. They are horrified to find a bloody rag that someone has stuffed down the bathroom toilet. Norman is despondent, convinced that his blackouts are re-ocurring and that he is responsible for the bloody rag, and whatever crime it is connected with. Mary says she's going down to check the motel, and one of the film's many plot twists occurs. In the parlor of the motel is Lila Loomis--Mary's mother. She's the one who has been calling Norman saying she's his mother, even going so far as to dress up as her and allowing him to see her in the window, before disappearing and adding to his frail mental state. Mary has been helping her, and was responsible for restoring Mother's room at the house and locking Norman in the attic as well as leaving all of the notes from Mother for Norman to find at the house and at the diner, but Mary's growing feelings for Norman have been causing her to reconsider her actions. It also explains how she knows Norman could not have been responsible for the murder of any young boy in the basement of the house because he was locked in the attic during that time. However, Lila sees the murder as a happy coincidence, not caring if Norman would be re-committed over a murder that wasn't his crime. The next day, Dr. Raymond discovers Mary's true identity and informs Norman exactly who has been living with him. He also orders Norma Bates' body to be exhumed, just to prove to Norman that she can't be the one haunting him. Back at the house, when Norman confront's Mary, she admits to Norman that she has been part of Lila's ruse, but that Lila won't stop. "Why did you stop?" Norman asks. Just then the phone rings, and Norman angrily answers it right away, saying "Hello, Mrs. Loomis?" Suddenly Norman's tone changes and he says "I'm sorry... Mother." Mary gets angry and picks up an extension to confront Lila, but there's nobody on the line with Norman as whoever was on the other line hangs up when Mary speaks into the phone. Mary goes to Lila's hotel and they have a big fight that's overheard by a hotel bartender. Mary tells Lila that she wants her to stop bothering Norman, and Lila accuses her of being in love with a psychopath. Lila, convinced that she's winning the "good" fight, hurries over to the house for one final push over the edge for Norman. She is being followed by Dr. Raymond. Lila sneaks into the cellar and removes her "Mother" costume from under a loose stone in the floor. However, she is confronted by another "Mother" figure in a black dress and is killed with a butcher knife through the mouth. Dr. Raymond enters the house looking around, and sees the cellar door wide open. He enters the cellar, but no one is in sight (implying that "Mother" may have hid the body and slipped away through the cellar exit which is never locked). Norman enters the cellar and asks Dr. Raymond what is he doing there. The doctor tells Norman that he has been following Lila Loomis, but Norman seems oddly disinterested, making Dr. Raymond leave. Meanwhile, Mary discovers that Mr. Toomey's car has been retrieved from the swamp, with Toomey's body in the trunk. Sheriff Hunt questions Mary about being the daughter of Lila Loomis and that Dr. Raymond had visited him to inform him about his suspicions about her. When Mary overhears the sheriff talking to his deputies about bringing Norman in for questioning she slips away. Mary returns to the house and tries to get Norman to escape with her. "They'll lock you up again!" she pleads. Norman refuses to run, and instead tries to get Mary to admit to what she's been doing to him. The phone rings at the house and Norman answers and starts to speak to his "Mother". But it is Dr. Raymond on the other line calling from the motel parlor who tells Norman that he contacted the local phone company and they had traced the phone calls to the house from the parlor phone at the motel. Once again, Mary listens in and discovers that nobody is on the line with Norman (Dr. Raymond hangs up). But then, Norman begins talking about Mary to the voice on the phone and says "Oh no, Mother. You can't make me... KILL her..." Terrified, Mary goes down to the cellar and dresses up as Mother, complete with a large butcher knife, and goes to confront Norman in the outfit. It is at this point that things rapidly spiral out of control. Norman refuses to acknowledge Mary standing in front of him in the costume, so Mary instead goes upstairs to the extension phone and tries to talk Norman into hanging up. But she hears on the other end that Norman is only talking to a dial tone... for there is no one on the other line. Mary realizes that Norman has turned completely insane again due to her and Lila's manipulation of events. Losing sight of Norman, Mary is startled when someone grabs her from behind, and she plunges the butcher knife into Dr. Raymond, who has sneaked back into the house to expose Norman's tormentors. Stabbed, Raymond's body falls over the balcony and lands in the foyer. Mary runs downstairs and is confronted by a now deranged Norman, who swears to cover up for "Mother." "Norman, I am not your mother, I am Mary!" she frantically tells him. Norman tries to reach for the knife, but Mary stabs him in the chest. Norman backs Mary down the steps into the basement, and Mary keeps stabbing Norman, once in the palm of each hand. Norman grabs the knife blade firmly with both hands, with Mary still holding onto the other end, which severely cuts Norman's palms even further and a lot of blood pours out. Norman is weak from blood loss and stumbles on a pile of coal, knocking it loose and revealing Lila's body. Mary, distraught at seeing her mother's dead body, attacks him and is killed when the police enter and shoot her dead. At the police station that evening, the sheriff puts together a fairly inaccurate account of the what we know has happened, identifying Mary as the murderer of the teenage boy as well as Toomey, and that she may have killed Lila as well. Having received medical treatment for his wounds, Norman is sitting a short distance away in a daze and goes along with the story... and the movie goes on to its final twist. Norman returns to the Bates house where he shovels coal into the house furnace as well as wanders aimlessly around the house, now alone. A little later, Norman makes a sandwich for himself when a woman walks up the steps. Norman has boiled water and set a place for a meal when there is a knock at the back door; he answers the door to find Emma Spool, from the diner. Ms. Spool sits at the table and Norman gives her a cup of poison tea. Out of the blue, Norman asks her, "Are you really my mother?" She tells him that she is his real mother and that Norma Bates was her sister and his aunt. "I was too young to have a baby, besides I had problems of my own," she tells him, alluding to the fact that she as well was institutionalized. "You had already been put away by the time I got out. So I decided to wait for you." She reveals that she's the one who has been killing anybody who would make trouble for her son. As she sips the poison tea, she begins to gag. Norman suddenly kills her with a blow to the head with the coal shovel. Emma's chair collapses underneath her and she tumbles onto the floor. As she lies dying, Norman closes the curtains to the kitchen and then picks up her body and carries her upstairs to his mother's room. The audience hears the familiar voice of Mother, warning Norman not to go messing with "filthy girls" again. The final shots show Norman (murderously psychotic once again) reopening the Bates Motel and standing in front of the house... waiting.
tt0075718
Comedy,Family,Sport
The Bears, a ragtag San Fernando Valley youth baseball team, reconvene without their former coach and star pitcher (Note: no mention is ever made to the absence of Coach Morris Buttermaker or Amanda Whurlizer). A new, austere coach, Mr. Manning (Dolph Sweet), prepares the team for a big game to be played at the Astrodome in Houston, Texas; the winner will travel to Japan to play a Japanese team. Appalled by the team's lack of discipline, Manning fires catcher Mike Engelberg (Jeffery Louis Starr) before they take the field. The team's motorcycle-riding star, Kelly Leak (Jackie Earle Haley), disrupts practice, leading the Bears to walk out and effectively ending Manning's tenure as coach. Three of the players, Engelberg, Ogilvie (Alfred Lutter), and Tanner Boyle (Chris Barnes) visit the home of teammate Timmy "The Big Looper" Lupus (Quinn Smith), who is laid up with a broken leg and will not be making the trip to Texas. Ogilvie points out that none of them will be going to Houston if they cannot find a competent coach and a decent pitcher. Later, Kelly finds a new pitcher, Carmen Ronzonni (Jimmy Baio), who has moved from the East Coast. Kelly rejoins the team and introduces the local park's elderly and senile groundskeeper, Lester Eastland (Fred Stuthman), claiming that the man is the Bears' new coach. The players trick their parents into thinking that Lester will accompany them to Houston, then depart without a chaperon in a possibly stolen van procured by Carmen Ronzonni and driven by 13-year-old Kelly. The team stops for the night at a motel where they pile into a double room. Kelly goes off to smoke cigarettes and pulls a photograph of a man from his pocket. When Kelly returns, Tanner is watching Knute Rockne-All American on television, just as Pat O'Brien delivers his "Win one for the Gipper" speech. The next day, the Bears reach New Mexico and a group of Native Americans kids challenge them to a game in a vacant lot. At first, pitcher Carmen cannot get the ball over the plate and then when he does, he cannot get the other team out, resulting in a disastrous loss. Arriving in Texas, the Bears spot the Astrodome and speculate that their opponents, the Toros, are dirt farmers. At a practice field, the Toros drill with military precision as the game's sponsor, Sy Orlansky (Clifton James), impatiently waits for the Bears to arrive. Morrie Slaytor (Pat Corley), the Toros' coach, instructs his assistant to see if the El Paso Falcons team is still available. Kelly sets the Bears up in a dirty hotel, but the police show up and inquire about the van parked out front. Plainclothes Officer Mackie (Lane Smith) wants to know who drove the van, who it belongs to, and who their chaperon is? Kelly says their coach is not there and leaves for a nearby plant, where he waits for the shift to end, and greets the man in his photograph, his divorced estranged father Mike Leak (William Devane). Kelly asks Mike to be the Bears' coach and he reluctantly agrees. At the hotel, Mike introduces himself to Mackie as 'Coach Leak'. Mackie says as long as the van checks out, everything is fine. On a practice field, the boys tell Mike that they do not need a coach, they just need an adult to go on the field with them, so Mike watches their inept play from the sidelines. When Carmen hits Tanner with a pitch, triggering a minor brawl, Mike takes the team for pizza and they read about themselves in the local newspaper. Sometime later, the Bears arrive at the field to find the El Paso Falcons are already there. Mike introduces himself to Sy, who mistakes the Falcons for the Bears, but Mike points out the real Bears. Sy challenges Slaytor over the confusion, telling him that he wants the team from the newspaper because they have a great story. After checking in at the Houston Hilton with expenses paid by Sy's company, the Bears head back to the practice field where Mike teaches the boys fundamentals and Ogilvie gets a detailed scouting report on the Toros from a local girl. Mike tells Carmen to stop impersonating major league pitchers and just throw like himself, which turns out to be pretty good. Mike confronts Kelly about his smoking and Kelly storms off. He bumps into some of the Toros and one of them repeatedly uses a gay slur to describe the Bears and their coach and a fight ensues, but Kelly is separated from his rival. Now angrier, Kelly runs away. Back at the hotel, the team cannot find Kelly, but watch themselves in a television news report. When Mike finds Kelly in a pool hall, his son is upset that Mike did not recognize him immediately at the plant. Mike left eight years earlier, when Kelly was five, after giving the boy a bicycle. Kelly tells Mike that he never rode the bike because he saw it as a bribe and never accepted the deal. Mike asks if Kelly would have looked him up if he had not needed a coach? On game day in the locker room, the team worries that Kelly will not return, but Tanner gives a "win one for the Big Looper" speech, and Kelly arrives at the last minute. Between games of the doubleheader, a scaled down field with shorter baselines is set up. The Toros quickly take a 5-0 lead, but due to a time limit an official calls the game after only two innings. Mike argues that they deserve to finish the game, as Tanner refuses to leave the field and is chased by two officials. A member of the Astros, Robert J. Watson, shouts "Let them play," and Mike and the Bears get the crowd to join in the chant. The officials reverse their decision and the game continues. The Bears chip away at the Toros' lead. With two out in the bottom of the fourth and the score at 5-2, Carmen steps to the plate and hits the ball to the fence for a bases-clearing double. He takes off for third, the Toros throw the ball away, and Carmen slides home safely as the Bears win, 6-5 and are going to Japan. Alone in the runway to the locker room after the game, Kelly tells Mike that he would have found him even if they did not need a coach. In the final scene back in California, Kelly stops by the ball field and gives Lester Eastland a silent nod of thanks.
tt0081455
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Scruffy derelict Cameron Vale (Stephen Lack) stumbles through a shopping mall scavenging food and cigarettes. While eating leftovers left behind at a table at the mall food court, two rude middle-aged women notice him and openly talk (very out loud) about how disgusted they are by his appearance. As Vale angrily glares at them, one of the women suddenly goes into convulsions and falls to the floor shaking. Two men in trench coats appear and give chase. As Vale runs, one of the trench coat men shoots him in the hand with a dart gun. Vale runs, pursued through the mall and finally collapses to the floor. Vale wakes up strapped to a bed in a warehouse. Dr. Paul Ruth (Patrick McGoohan) approaches Vale and tells him that he is a derelict because he is a "scanner". Ruth ushers in a group of people whose voices grow in volume but their lips do not move. Vale thrashes on the bed as he cannot block out their thoughts. Ruth administers an injection and the voices fade away. At a lecture at the ConSec corporation, the audience watches a demonstration of "scanning". The demonstrator tells them that he is a scanner who can scan peoples thoughts and asks for a volunteer display his powers. A man (Michael Ironside) steps forward and offers to volunteer. The demonstrator asks him to think of something specific which the demonstrator will scan his thoughts to discover. The scanner soon directs his focus, but he is soon goes into great pain, shaking in unbearable agony until his head literally explodes, showering blood, brain and skull matter all over the stage. Panic erupts in the auditorium as people flee towards the exits. Security guards grab the volunteer saying that have another scanner among them. They take the volunteer away at gunpoint to a stairwell where Dr. Gatineau is told to administer a shot of "ephemeral" but the scanner makes him inject his own hand instead. As the volunteer is driven to "the factory" in a car with two security guards, a second security car suddenly swerves into a wall and explodes killing the two inside the car. The lead car stops to help. The man smiles as the chief of security shoots the two guards and then himself. The sinister scanner then escapes into the night. The next day, ConSec Chairman Trevelyan address the board of directors saying: "Last night, we at ConSec chose to reveal to the outside world our work with those telepathic curiosities known as scanners. The result: six corpses and substantial loss in credibility for our organization". The new director of security, Braedon Keller (Lawrence Dane), wants the scanner program shut down. Dr. Ruth points out that the man responsible is a scanner. His own scanners have all been lost to a powerful underground organization led by the same man: Darryl Revok, the volunteer from the other night who has been identified from the security images on CCTV cameras. Ruth proposes infiltrating Revok's organization. Keller scoffs at the idea as foolish, but Ruth says that he has a "very special" new scanner who will help them. Ruth shows Vale a film of a younger Revok in a psychiatric institute, a hole drilled in his forehead. Revok says he did it to "let the people out". Revok grows quite agitated and his pacified by two orderlies. In a local metro station, Keller informs an unseen man about Vale. Ruth stages a test. Vale makes Yoga master Dieter Tautz's heart beat faster, despite his efforts to retain control. In agony, he begs Vale to stop. Ruth is astonished by Vale's power. His next task is to find artist Benjamin Pierce, a possible link to Revok's underground organization. Vale goes to a local art gallery where he makes the owner, Arno Crostic, an offer for one of Pierce's bizarre sculptures. When told it is impossible for him to meet the artist, Vale scans Crostic for Pierce's location, and is in turn scanned by a woman. When Vale turns around she is gone. At his rural workshop (which is a rundown barn), Pierce is angered by Vale's arrival. Sitting inside a giant sculpted head, he refuses to answer questions. Suddenly, four assassins burst in and open fire with shotguns, eventually wounding Pierce mortally. Vale's scan flings them across the studio, killing two of them. The dying Pierce's thoughts give Vale a name: "Kim Obrist". After resting at his hotel room for a while, Vale travels to a rowhouse and finds Kim Obrist (Jennifer O'Neill), who is the young woman from the gallery, but Revok and his men have staked out her house. As her group of scanners sits in a circle, minds linked, two of Revok's assassins burst in and start blasting. Kim's scan throws them into a wall and they burst into flames. The survivors make their getaway in an old bus, but it is ambushed by more of Revok's men and plows into a record store. An assassin follows, only to be paralyzed by Vale's scan. The scan searches for something he owns that will lead them to Revok. The assassin gives him a medicine vial with a "BioCarbon Amalgamate" logo on the label. At the BioCarbon Amalgamate building, there is a sterile lab environment where workers wear white fallout suits. One of them is Vale who has snuck into the building and watches Revok direct operations. A computer image shows a delivery of ephemeral. Access to the program, called "Ripe" is limited to ConSec terminals only. Vale calls Ruth, saying he's bringing in an informant from Revok's group. At the metro station, Revok instructs Keller to kill Ruth if he discovers anything. Meanwhile, Vale and Kim arrive at ConSec, and are injected with ephemeral. Keller takes Kim for interrogation. Vale protests, but Ruth confides their injections were harmless. Vale says that BioCarbon Amalgamate manufactures ephemeral for Revok, and sends it out in tankers. The destinations are on the ConSec computer, meaning a traitor is working with Revok. Ruth tells Vale to access the Ripe program as he does not have computer clearance. Vale says neither does he. Ruth tells Vale: "No, but you do have a nervous system... and so does a computer". In the interrogation room, Keller knows that Kim is not from Revok's group. He pulls out a gun to shoot her, but is overpowered by her scan. As Kim escapes from the room, Keller sounds the alarm. Vale runs to find her, and Keller shoots Ruth. Vale and Kim use their scan to escape from the guards and out of the building. On a rural road, Vale mentally downloads the Ripe program via a gas station pay phone. Keller is informed that someone is accessing the program, and at gunpoint, orders the technician to self-destruct the computer. Vale is hurt by the destruction of the computer, but his wave of destructive energy surges down the phone line, causing an explosion that kills Keller and the technicians at their computers. The overhead power lines break and fall, setting the nearby gas station on fire, and then it explodes. Vale and Kim head for the nearest doctor on the Ripe program list. In Dr. Frane's waiting room, Kim is scanned by a pregnant woman's unborn child. She is felled by a dart. Vale carries her outside where Revok and his men wait and they too shoot him with a drugged dart. Vale wakes up in Revok's office at BioCarbon Amalgamate where he reveals to Vale that Paul Ruth was their biological father. He gave ephemeral to his pregnant wife, whom was one of his many patients in the scanner project, so he could observe on the side effects on his own children. Revok wants them to leave the "whole generation of scanner soldiers just a few months away from being born." Vale refuses to join Revok's side and strikes him in the face. Revok launches a furious mental assault as both viciously scan each other causing each other's blood vessels to expand. Vale seems to be losing the mind battle as Revok's ravaging scan causes his body to bleed, corrode and burn. His eyes seem calm until they are blown out. Revok summons a final intense burst as he goes into convulsions and his own body is affected. A little later, Kim wakes up in the waiting room and enters the office and finds Vale's charred corpse laying on the ground. Kim looks distraught but senses something as she says "Cameron?" In the corner of the room a figure huddles under a coat which is Revok. Upon rising and walking towards Kim, Revok has now as Vale's blue eyes and his forehead scar is gone. Speaking in Vale's voice Revok says: "It's me, Kim. Cameron, I'm here. We've won. We've won..."
tt0097770
Action,Crime,Drama
Frank Leone (Sylvester Stallone), a skilled mechanic and football player, in Hoboken, New Jersey is a model prisoner nearing the end of his sentence in Norwood, a low security prison. He occasionally spends time outside prison in his garage fixing cars and looking at pictures of his childhood and high school football years and pictures of him with his father. He also spends time with his girlfriend Melissa (Darlanne Fluegel) and he goes to the park playing football with kids in the neighbourhood. Melissa drives him back dropping him off at prison and gives him a lucky charm necklace. One night while sleeping in his cell, guards arrive and forcibly take Leone to maximum security Gateway Prison run by Warden Drumgoole (Donald Sutherland). Drumgoole explains that Leone will serve hard timeLeone was the only person to escape from Treadmore and did so on Drumgoole's watch. Leone escaped because his mentor and friend was dying; Leone was refused even one hour to see him. Leone went to the press about the warden's treatment of his prisoners, resulting in Drumgoole's transfer to Gateway and Leone serving in minimum security before his transfer. Leone befriends fellow prisoners Dallas (Tom Sizemore), Eclipse (Frank McRae) and First-Base (Larry Romano). The foursome refurbish a Ford Mustang, which Eclipse nicknames "Maybelline". After Leone reluctantly allows First-Base to start the car he refuses to turn it off and drives the Mustang out of the garage. Drumgoole has them watch as inmates destroy the car and Leone is subsequently sent to solitary confinement for six weeks. The warden orders that the letters sent to him from his girlfriend Melissa be stashed away but as Leone is released Braden the good conscientious prison guard secretly delivers them to Leone. Upon release, the warden wants an excuse to slap Leone with more time, so he allows prisoner Chink Weber (Sonny Landham) and his bullying friends to kill First-Base in the gym. Leone fights and defeats Chink, but he spare's Chink's life because he knows that's precisely what Drumgoole wants. Since Leone didn't kill Chink one of Chink's friends stabs Leone from behind with a shank. Whilst Leone recovers in the prison infirmary, one night a stranger, an inmate who claims to be an old friend from Treadmore, says that Chink has paid him to rape and murder Melissa. Dallas offers to help Leone escape to warn Melissa but instead delivers Leone to the utility basement right into Drumgoole's hands where he finds out that Drumgoole wanted him to try to escape so he would receive a mandatory 10-year sentence for the second escape attempt and the inmate who was going to rape Melissa was just a corrupt prison guard called Mastrone who was part of the warden's scheme to set Leone up. Dallas agreed with the warden to lead Leone into a trap only if the warden would give Dallas an early release from prison. But the warden betrays Dallas telling him he doesn't make deals with escaped prisoners. He then tells Dallas he'll be sent back to the prison's general population, and since they now know he's a snitch the inmates will kill him. Dallas tries to attack the warden but the corrupt sadistic prison guards beat him up and push him into a pool of water. The warden then leaves the sadistic guards to physically abuse Leone by pushing his face into a cloud of hot steam from the pipes. Leone breaks free burning Wiley, one of the guards, in the steam and knocking out Mastrone he then fights the sadistic guard Manly and beats him up and pushes him into the same pool of water Dallas fell into. Dallas badly beat up apologizes to Leone and as Leone tries to help him Manly attacks Leone from the water and Dallas then rips an electric cable off the railing and electrocutes Manly in the water taking his own life as well. Leone who wasn't in the water survives. Enraged, Leone breaks into Drumgoole's office and takes him to the execution chamber and straps him to the electric chair. Leone activates the generator and secures his hand to the switch. The guards organize into a response team and secure heavy weaponry. The prison guards break into the execution chamber and point their Heckler & Koch HK33 and Winchester Model 70 rifles and Ithaca 37 shotguns at Leone, but if he is shot he will trip the switch and kill Drumgoole. The warden finally confesses to his plot to increase Leone's jail time. Leone pulls the switch but nothing happens; he then reveals he took one of the fuses out to trick the warden into confessing. Captain Meissner (John Amos) and his men cuff Frank whom the warden order's to be taken to the hole; however, Meissner and his men don't. They take Drumgoole into custody for the confession though the warden insists that he merely played along to save his life. A judicial inquiry is made into the matter about the warden's corrupt behavior and Leone serves only the jail time required of him in the first place. A few weeks later Frank leaves prison to the cheers of his fellow inmates. He meets up with Eclipse one last time, and receives a Cuban cigar which supposedly was given to Eclipse by Fidel Castro. He tells the captain who walks him to the exit that he'll miss his incredible smile and Captain Meissner shakes his hand and says his farewell. Frank then exits Gateway and embraces the waiting Melissa.
tt0070909
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
It is sometime in the near future, in a fictional high-tech adult amusement park called Delos. The park is divided into three zones: WesternWorld, MedievalWorld and RomanWorld. The entertainment in all three areas consists primarily of interaction by the guests with androids programmed to act in character (the Old West, medieval Europe, and pre-Christian Rome, respectively). The androids are indistinguishable from human beings, apart from minor flaws in their hands, and guests are encouraged to indulge in any fantasy, including killing the androids. The androids are programmed to respond positively to guest requests, specifically including requests for sex. Delos's guests pay $1,000 a day for the experience. Peter Martin (Benjamin) a first-timer and his friend John Blane (Brolin), who has visited previously, come to the WesternWorld zone, where one of the main attractions is the Gunslinger (Yul Brynner), a robot programmed to start duels. Thanks to its programming, humans can always outdraw the Gunslinger and kill it. The guns issued to the guests also have temperature sensors that prevent them from firing at each other or anything else living but allow them to 'kill' the room-temperature androids. Gradually, the technicians running Delos begin to notice problems with the androids. In what may be the first mention of the concept of a computer virus in a film, the technical staff describe inexplicable problems and breakdowns spreading "like a disease" between the machines, first in one area of the park and then on to the others. First, the robots in MedievalWorld begin suffering an inexplicable number of systemic failures. Then, a robot rattlesnake strikes Blane. Against her programming, a female servant android refuses a guest's request for sex. The failures increase until the robotic Black Knight kills a guest in a sword-fight in MedievalWorld. The resort's supervisors, in increasing desperation, attempt to regain control by shutting down power to the entire park. Unfortunately, this results in trapping them in the control rooms, unable to turn the power back on again while the robots run amok on stored power. Martin and Blane, who have been passed out drunk after a bar fight in the WesternWorld bordello, wake up unaware that there has been a change for the worse. The two men are confronted by the Gunslinger, who challenges them to a showdown. Blane treats the confrontation like a joke, until the robot shoots and kills him. Martin runs for his life as the robot implacably follows him. Martin flees to the other areas of the park, but finds only a panicky fleeing technician, dead guests and damaged robots. He manages to open a manhole leading to the underground control area, where the resort's technicians have suffocated since the ventilation shut down. The Gunslinger stalks Martin through the corridors, arriving at the robot repair facility where Martin lies in wait, pretending to be a disabled robot. Martin ambushes the Gunslinger by throwing a beaker of hydrochloric acid, found among the repair materials, into its face. Thinking he has disabled the Gunslinger, he leaves the service area and enters MedievalWorld. However, Martin is again followed by the Gunslinger, whose face has melted but who is still functioning, though its visible spectrum optics were destroyed by the acid. The robot can still see Martin, but only via infrared backups, and is confused when he moves in front of several flaming torches, something it would not have been programmed to deal with in WesternWorld. The Gunslinger begins to leave the room, but Martin accidentally makes a noise, allowing the Gunslinger to zero in on him again. When it lunges to strike, its ammunition exhausted, Martin seizes the opportunity to set fire to it with a large torch. Thinking this has destroyed the robot, Martin leaves the burning Gunslinger and wanders out of the great hall, finding what he believes to be a female guest chained up in the dungeon. He releases her and gives her a drink of water, whereupon her face bursts into sparks, revealing she is a machine. Backing away in shock, he is confronted by the still moving burned hulk of the Gunslinger, which continues its attempt to attack him. However, it falls off a high set of steps in the process and, finally succumbing to damage, shuts down. Martin, apparently the sole survivor of the humans at Delos, simply sits down on the dungeon steps in a state of near-exhaustion and shock, thinking of the irony of Delos's advertising, "Have we got a vacation for you!"
tt0090270
Drama,Romance,Sport
Eighteen-year-old Louden Swain (Matthew Modine) is determined to make history at his Thompson High School wrestling team. His coach (Charles Hallahan) chastises him for attempting to wrestle at a much lower weight class, but after a successful spar with his teammate, Kuch (Michael Schoeffling), Louden dedicates himself to lose even more weight. He tells Kuch that his secret goal is to wrestle a rival named Shute, who is twenty-pounds lighter. Kuch reveals Louden's plan to the school, and, pretending to be Native-American, Kuch insists that Louden is on a "vision quest" to find his "place in the circle." Sometime later, Louden visit his mechanic father, Larry (Ronny Cox), at the car dealership where he works, and arrives after a scuffle between a salesman and a streetwise customer named Carla (Linda Fiorentino), who accused the salesman of selling her a "lemon." Believing Carla was exploited, Larry punches his co-worker. He sends Louden to take the feisty young woman out for a hamburger, and Carla reveals that she used all her savings to buy the car to drive cross-country to San Francisco, California. Louden is smitten with the tough-talking woman, and asks his father if Carla can stay with them until her car is repaired. She hesitantly accepts the offer. Louden resumes his strict training, and, over time, Carla drops her guard. She confides to Louden that she is moving to San Francisco in hopes of being an artist. Sometime later, Louden sizes up his rival, Shute (Frank Jasper), and watches him carry a log up a flight of stairs as part of his training. At the hotel where Louden works part-time as a room-service attendant, he tells his co-worker, Elmo (J.C. Quinn), he is in love with Carla. However, Carla remains distant. When she sketches a picture of Louden, he is flattered. Carla sees Louden at a bar and asks him to dance, but he is disappointed to learn she is on a double date. At school, Louden collapses from dehydration. As he recovers, he tells his English teacher, Mr. Tanneran (Harold Sylvester), that he is in love with Carla. Worried about Louden's health, Carla visits him during wrestling practice and causes a stir among st his teammates, but he is discouraged when she compares him to a stepbrother. Louden's coach disapproves of his rigorous training, and forbids him from losing any more weight. However, Louden impresses his teammates by reaching the top of a climbing peg board, and the coach allows the boy to continue training. Sometime later, Louden suffers a nosebleed and worries if he can continue. He sees Carla on a date with Mr. Tanneran and feels betrayed. When Carla confronts Louden about giving her the "silent treatment," he pushes her on the bed and orders her to have sex with him. She curses, but forgives his behavior. Louden visits Kuch at home, and sees him slapped and berated by his alcoholic father (James Gammon). Afterward, Louden consoles his friend and shares the story of his own mother, who left the family. Kuch confesses that he lied about being Native-American. Carla attends a wrestling match and cheers Louden on, but he is forced to forfeit when he suffers an uncontrollable nosebleed. Afterward, his nemesis, Shute, tries to intimidate him. Carla takes Louden out for coffee, and he asks her to stay in town. When he acquiesces to her relationship with his teacher, she kisses him. In time, Louden's nosebleeds continue, and his father insists he take a break from training and visit his grandfather out of town. Carla offers to join him on the road trip. While camping, Louden admits he is a virgin, and Carla confesses that she and Louden's teacher, Tanneran, are only friends. The next day, Carla kisses Louden and they make love for the first time. Afterward, Louden wonders aloud why he cares so much about beating Shute, but Carla encourages him to confront his rival. Sometime later, Louden returns from school to find Carla gone. He is distraught, and nearly misses his long-awaited weigh-in at his match with Shute. He arrives at the last minute and learns he has hit his target weight of 168 pounds. Before the match, Carla finds him alone in the locker room, and apologizes for hurting him, explaining she left because she thought she was a distraction. When Louden tells her he has no regrets, Carla emboldens him to win the match. Louden's friends cheer him on during the tense bout with Shute. He suffers a nosebleed in the final seconds, but his coach gives him a pep talk. In the end, Louden wins, and the crowd cheers.
tt0079766
Drama,Music
The film, set in 1964, follows the life of Jimmy Cooper (Phil Daniels), a young London Mod. Disillusioned by his parents and a dull job as a post room boy in an advertising firm, Jimmy finds an outlet for his teenage angst by taking amphetamines, partying, riding scooters and brawling with Rockers, accompanied by his Mod friends Dave (Mark Wingett), Chalky (Philip Davis) and Spider (Gary Shail). One of the Mods' rivals, the Rockers, is in fact Jimmy's childhood friend, Kevin (Ray Winstone). An attack by hostile Rockers on Spider leads to a retaliation attack on Kevin. Jimmy participates in the beating, but when he realises the victim is Kevin, he doesn't help him, instead driving away on his scooter. A bank holiday weekend provides the excuse for the rivalry between Mods and Rockers to come to a head, as they both descend upon the seaside town of Brighton. A series of running battles ensues. As the police close in on the rioters, Jimmy escapes down an alleyway with Steph (Leslie Ash) a girl on whom he has a crush and they have sex. When the pair emerge, they find themselves in the middle of the melee just as police are detaining rioters. Jimmy is arrested, detained with a volatile, popular Mod he calls 'Ace Face' (Sting), and later fined the then-large sum of £50. When fined £75, Ace Face mocks the magistrate by offering to pay on the spot with a cheque, to the amusement of the fellow Mods. Back in London, Jimmy becomes severely depressed. He is thrown out of his house by his mother, who finds his stash of amphetamine pills. He then quits his job, spends his severance package on more pills, and finds out that Steph has become the girlfriend of his friend Dave. After a brief fight with Dave, the following morning his rejection is confirmed by Steph and with his beloved Lambretta scooter accidentally destroyed in a crash, Jimmy takes a train back to Brighton. In an attempt to relive the recent excitement, he revisits the scenes of the riots and of his encounter with Steph. To his horror, Jimmy discovers that his idol, Ace Face, is in reality an undistinguished bellboy at a Brighton hotel. Jimmy steals Ace's scooter and heads out to Beachy Head, where he rides perilously close to the cliff edge. Finally, he crashes the scooter over a cliff, which is where the film begins, with Jimmy walking back from the cliff top in the sunset back drop.
tt0098663
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
Jimmy Woods (Luke Edwards) is a young boy who has suffered from an unnamed, but serious mental disorder ever since his twin sister Jennifer drowned in the Green River two years earlier. He does not interact with anyone, spending most of his time building things out of blocks or boxes, and he always carries his lunch box with him. He is determined to go to "California", at first nearly the only word he can say since the tragedy. The trauma of the drowning and Jimmy's condition have broken up his family; he lives with his mother Christine Bateman and stepfather, while his brothers Corey (Fred Savage) and Nick (Christian Slater) live with their father Sam (Beau Bridges). When Jimmy is put into an institution, Corey breaks him out and runs away with him to California. Christine and her husband hire Putnam (Will Seltzer), a greedy and sleazy runaway-child bounty hunter, to bring back only Jimmy; he competes with Sam and Nick to find the boys, and both groups sabotage each other's efforts, resulting in chaotic confrontations. Along the way, Corey and Jimmy meet a girl named Haley Brooks (Jenny Lewis), who is on her way home to Reno. After discovering that Jimmy has an innate skill for playing video games, Haley (who nicknames him "the Wizard") tells them about "Video Armageddon", a video game tournament with a $50,000 cash prize. She then agrees to help the two reach Los Angeles to participate for a cut of the money. By doing so, they hope to prove that Jimmy does not need to live in an institution. The trio hitchhike across the country, using Jimmy's skill and appearance to hustle people out of their money by playing video games. Along the way, they encounter Lucas Barton (Jackey Vinson), a popular preteen big shot who owns a Power Glove and shows his skills at Rad Racer, declaring he is also entering the tournament. They finally arrive in Reno, where it is revealed that Haley wants her share of the prize money to help her father buy a house. With the help of an acquaintance trucker, Spanky (Frank McRae), they use money won at the craps tables to train Jimmy on several games in the Reno arcades, using Nintendo PlayChoice-10 machines. After a difficult search, Putnam catches up with the trio, capturing and losing Jimmy twice. At the tournament, which is held at Universal Studios Hollywood located in Spartacus Square, Jimmy qualifies as a finalist after a preliminary round of Ninja Gaiden. In between rounds, Putnam chases the kids through the park and almost causes Jimmy to miss the final round. The Woodses, the Batemans, and Putnam convene in the crowd as Jimmy competes with Lucas and another finalist in a game of Super Mario Bros. 3, which at the time had not been released in the United States. Jimmy wins the tournament at the last second after finding a Warp Whistle and getting the star. On their way home, the family passes by the Cabazon Dinosaurs, a tourist trap, and Jimmy becomes so excited and restless that they pull over. He runs from the car up into one of the dinosaurs, his family in pursuit. Inside, Jimmy takes from his lunchbox one of his pictures of Jennifer, taken at the foot of the dinosaur with the rest of the family during a vacation, and Corey realizes that he simply wanted to leave his sister's mementos in a place where she would be happy. He leaves the lunchbox inside the dinosaur and, at Christine's request, Sam drives the boys and Haley home. Haley kisses Jimmy and Corey after which Jimmy kisses Haley on her cheek.
tt0078869
Action,Sci-Fi
In the year 2130, the deep space research ship USS Palomino is on a search for intelligent non-human life on other planets. The crew is comprised of Captain Dan Holland (Robert Forster), Lt. Charles Pizer - the hotshot first officer (Joseph Bottoms); utility droid LF#396, informally known as VINCENT (voice of Roddy McDowall); Dr. Alex Durant (Anthony Perkins) - navigator and science officer; Dr. Kate McCrae (Yvette Mimieux) - medical officer and empath, who maintains a telepathic rapport with VINCENT via her ESP; and embedded journalist Harry Booth (Ernest Borgnine). After five years of fruitless searching, the Palomino is now on her way home for a refit when VINCENT notices a large, swirling blue accretion disk and recommends a course correction. VINCENT identifies the disk as a black hole, the largest discovered in recent history. While the crew nervously discuss the destructive potential of black holes, VINCENT reveals something else: an apparently derelict ship standing off from the black hole's event horizon (line of no return) and somehow able to remain stationary when it almost certainly should have been sucked in. Pizer and Booth are more shocked to see a ship so far from home (when the Palomino should have been the first spaceship to reach this deep in space) than they are to see the black hole. VINCENT identifies the ship as USS Cygnus, with the German scientist Hans Reinhardt (Maximilian Schell) commanding, which disappeared nearly 20 years earlier after failing to heed recall orders after its mission, the same as Palomino's, was declared a failure. (In addition, Booth remembers Reinhardt as arrogant, pompous, and utterly heedless of the value of taxpayers' money.) The Cygnus, however, holds another significance for the crew of Palomino: its XO, Frank McCrae, is Kate's father. Against his better judgment, Holland accepts the recommendations of Pizer and Durant and comes about to rendezvous with Cygnus. As they approach, they come under the influence of the black hole's tremendous gravity. But at their closest approach, the gravity ceases. Durant speculates that something from the Cygnus is responsible, but no one aboard can decide what that might be. The Palomino suddenly falls away from Cygnus and is very nearly sucked into the black hole. Palomino escapes but is badly damaged and now needs spare parts. So when Palomino once again comes under the protective influence of Cygnus, the crew start to look for a way to board--when suddenly Cygnus blazes with light, as if to welcome them. Palomino docks with Cygnus, and the crew, except for Lt. Pizer, disembark. They enter a vestibule, where automatic laser fire destroys their guns and knocks out VINCENT -- he is not seriously damaged, but his combat protocols are now offline. Holland radios Pizer, telling them they have been disarmed, but uninjured, before the crew moves forward. Then they board an automatic cart, part of a ship-wide transportation system, and ride in comfort to Cygnus' conning tower. They ride a hoist to the tower cab, which they find occupied by a crew of "humanoids" with hooded robes and mirrored faceplates. Though the humanoids ignore them, they do get the attention of an oxblood-colored levitating war machine who wordlessly challenges VINCENT to a face-off. Before the two robots can go into combat, Dr. Reinhardt emerges from the shadows and orders them to stand down. He identifies the war machine as Maximilian, his cybernetic master-at-arms. Reinhardt says that he is the only human aboard. Cygnus was disabled by a meteor storm, he and Frank McCrae stayed behind to make repairs while the rest of the crew left Cygnus in an attempt to reach Earth, never to be seen again. The elder McCrae has since passed on. He also admits, or rather avows, that he refused to obey his recall orders because he proposes to reconnoiter the black hole--and pilot his ship "in, through, and beyond" it, to another dimension that he is sure exists. Their conversation is interrupted when a squad of armored "sentry robots" brings in Pizer under arrest. Reinhardt smooths the situation over and then offers to provide spare parts for the Palomino. Pizer and VINCENT take charge of requisitioning the parts they need, and they meet LF#28, informally known as BOB, (voice of Slim Pickens), an old rusted sanitation droid who has languished since the human crew's disappearance. A little later, Holland happens upon several of the humanoids conducting what looks like a funeral for one of their own. He also finds crew quarters still containing furnishings and uniforms, a finding totally inconsistent with a wholesale abandonment of the ship. Elsewhere, Booth discovers the ship's on-board garden--which is as big as a jungle and easily "big enough to feed an army," and notes that its mute groundskeeper is sporting a notable limp. The crew of Palomino reassemble to discuss what they have seen--and while Holland very much wants to accept the spare parts and depart from Cygnus as rapidly as possible, Durant and McCrae are curious about Reinhardt's black-hole reconnaissance plans. Reinhardt launches an experimental probe-ship to reconnoiter the black hole's event horizon, then invites the Palomino crew to a dinner party, where he will explain his research. While Reinhardt entertains the Palomino crew in his spacious, Victorian-inspired dining hall, VINCENT hangs out in a shooting gallery with BOB and several sentry robots, led by their prototype, Captain STAR. BOB explains that STAR had been the master-at-arms until Reinhardt built Maximilian, and is also responsible for much of the abuse BOB has endured over the years. STAR challenges BOB to a shooting match, and wins only because he had distracted BOB by bumping him as he was shooting. BOB then confesses that he let STAR win on purpose, to avoid retaliation. Outraged, VINCENT challenges STAR to a match. Though STAR again cheats, VINCENT still manages to beat him, and STAR is so angered by his defeat that he ends up literally blowing a fuse. BOB, impressed, asks VINCENT to meet him in the parts-storage bay. Inside the dining hall, Reinhardt is eagerly discussing his research with his new guests. Eventually, Maximilian notifies him that the probe-ship has returned, and Reinhardt excuses himself to debrief the pilot. After he has left, Holland and Booth discuss the inconsistencies they have discovered in Reinhardt's story. Holland and Booth are now convinced that Reinhardt is insane, but Durant wants to give him the benefit of the doubt. Now able to speak freely, BOB restores VINCENT's combat protocols to 100%, and tells him the real story: the humanoids are not robots at all, but are in fact the crew of Cygnus, reduced to drone-like mentality by a series of laser prefrontal lobotomies. As the two robots are reconnoitering the sick bay where some maintenance lobotomies are taking place, two sentry robots discover them. VINCENT and BOB destroy them and hide the evidence. They then rejoin Holland, Pizer, and Booth, who have returned to Palomino while Durant and McCrae have remained in the conning tower cab with Reinhardt. BOB tells the three men what really happened to the crew: that when the recall order was refused, Frank McCrae attempted to relieve Reinhardt of his command. Reinhardt accused Mr. McCrae of mutiny and then killed him. He then had his sentry robots capture the rest of the crew and subject them to the prefrontal lobotomies that have turned them into "humanoid robots." Meanwhile, Reinhardt and Maximilian discover the remains of the two sentry robots BOB and VINCENT were forced to destroy, and decide that it is now time to "liquidate" their guests. Holland orders VINCENT to use his ESP to contact McCrae and order her to return to Palomino with or without Durant, and to "tell her why." With that result, McCrae tells Durant that Reinhardt is a murderer, and that the apparent robots who are running the tower-cab systems are really the original crew. Durant removes the faceplate from a crewman, revealing his human face beneath. McCrae is nauseated at the sight-- Maximilian suddenly breaks off from his post and summarily executes Durant. Reinhardt scolds Maximilian, who nevertheless returns to his post. Reinhardt then appeals to McCrae to somehow "protect him from Maximilian"--whereupon McCrae denounces him to his face and says, "If there is any justice at all, the black hole will be your grave!" As a rejoinder, Reinhardt orders McCrae taken by force to sick bay to be lobotomized. Aboard the Palomino, VINCENT tells Holland that Durant is dead and McCrae is being taken to sick bay. Holland, VINCENT, and BOB then rush to the Cygnus' sick bay, rescue McCrae, and destroy half a platoon of sentry robots in a pitched battle, to the horror of Reinhardt, who watches on a video monitor. Reinhardt orders the sentry robots to terminate any unauthorized humanoids on that section of the ship, then instructs Maximilian to let Palomino take off and then destroy it at a distance with the Cygnus laser cannons, while he continues to prepare to dive into the black hole. When the allotted time passes, Booth is eager to write off Holland and McCrae as dead and leave. Pizer refuses, insisting on a rescue attempt. Succumbing to cowardice, Booth feigns an injury so that Pizer will let him return to the ship. Holland, McCrae, and the droids find themselves pinned down by sentry robots as they get closer to the Palomino, but Pizer, armed with twin pistols, manages to outflank the attackers. Booth then tries to take off in the Palomino alone. Endangering the Cygnus and himself due to his poor piloting skills, he nearly hits the conning tower before Cygnus' laser cannons shoot him down-- Palomino then crashes into Cygnus in a near-miss that causes some minor, but critical, damage. The Palomino crew now have only one avenue of escape: the probe-ship. As the Cygnus gets closer to the accretion disk, it is pulverized by a hailstorm of meteors, severely compromising its hull and taking its emergency reactors and null gravity generators offline. The Palomino survivors must dodge a large, red-hot meteor that crashes into the ship and traverses the entire main corridor, and pass through the ship's garden after it, too, is breached, all the while dodging and battling sentry robots. In the conning tower cab, the humanoid crew receive alarming signs that the ship is now subject to structural overload. Reinhardt orders Maximilian to prepare the probe-ship for launch. As Maximilian starts to leave, a seven-foot video monitor tears loose from its fastenings and crashes to the deck, pinning Reinhardt beneath it. In a hint of the poetic justice that he will eventually receive, Reinhardt cries out for help, first to Maximilian, who apparently deserts him to make his/its own escape in the probe-ship, and then to his lobotomized crew, who of course cannot understand him. Maximilian reaches the probe-ship docking hoist first and ambushes the surviving Palmonino crew. After BOB is taken offline and Pizer is knocked out, VINCENT attacks Maximilian, giving Holland, Pizer, and McCrae time to board the probe-ship. VINCENT and Maximilian fight using every gadget at their disposal, culminating with Maximilian catching VINCENT in a bear hug-like grab and attempting to electocute him. VINCENT responds by using his cutting armatures to disable Maximilian's antigravity stabilizers, which sends him spinning out of control through a hull breach and into the black hole. BOB, too weak to function any longer, says his goodbyes to VINCENT, who then reluctantly abandons BOB and boards the probe-ship. Holland lifts off as the Cygnus, now twisted into a lump beyond all recognition, is caught up in the whirlwind of stellar detritus that surrounds the black hole. Holland tries to set a course away from the black hole, but nothing responds. VINCENT soon realizes that the ship has been programmed to follow the course that Reinhardt had set for it: a straight dive down the vortex funnel of the black hole. Unable to alter that course, the three humans decide to "pray that Reinhardt was a genius." The probe-ship takes its straight dive down the black-red vortex and into the black hole. As it does, the crew start to hear voices--Reinhardt's and their own--repeating words spoken long ago, an effect of the tremendous time dilation as space-time is bent. Suddenly the viewpoint shifts to Reinhardt, floating out of control in the reddish vortex of the black hole in the same pose that he assumed when the seven-foot monitor in the tower cab crushed him. Then he catches up with Maximilian--or rather, Maximilian, who has been waiting for him, now takes him in an unbreakable embrace and draws him closer--until Reinhardt becomes Maximilian, which the viewer realizes because Maximilian's charged-coupler optical device is now a simple visor, out of which Reinhardt's frightened eyes suddenly stare. Worse yet, Reinhardt/Maximilian finds himself standing on a basalt promontory over a fire-covered craggy landscape, accompanied by his lobotomized crew. As the view withdraws from Reinhardt/Maximilian and pans down and then forward to show Cygnus' crew and then the fiery lake behind them, the viewer realizes that they are all, quite simply, in hell. Then a church-window-shaped portal opens, and the viewpoint rushes through it and through an arched corridor, through which a robed figure, arms outstretched, floats past the viewer and forward. Next, the viewpoint picks up on the probe-ship, now heading toward the viewer and out of a nebula-like star. Aboard, Holland, Pizer, McCrae, and VINCENT awaken from an apparent trance and realize that they are headed toward a bright light in space--not the harsh, lethal light of a star, but a very pleasant, warm light. They sit back and let the probe ship take them toward the light--which is apparently a white hole: the portal of heaven. The so-called four survivors of the USS Palomino have put the black hole behind them forever.
tt0089670
Adventure,Comedy
Clark W. Griswald (Chevy Chase), his wife, Ellen (Beverly D'Angelo), and their teenage children, Audrey (Dana Hill) and Rusty (Jason Livey), are contestants on a TV game show called "A Pig In A Poke." After facing off against the eccentric and intellectual Froeger family, the Griswald's win the show's grand prize: a two-week, all-expense-paid European vacation. During a cookout the next day, Audrey does not want to leave her boy friend, Jack, behind. Before they leave, Clark videotapes a provocative striptease performed by his wife. On the plane to London, England, Ellen dreams that she meets Queen Elizabeth and Princess Diana, Audrey has a nightmare of gaining weight from the rich European cuisine, and Rusty dreams of beautiful women fawning over him. Clark dreams of spending time with his family in the Bavarian Alps. Arriving in London, they follow the itinerary provided by the game show, which promises luxury accommodations. However, their hotel room is not up to par. Clark has trouble driving on the opposite side of the road, gets into three car accidents, hitting one man on a bicycle (Eric Idle), and is stuck driving for hours in a roundabout. Sometime later, they take a drive in the countryside and visit Stonehenge, and Clark reverses his car into the rock installations, knocking them over like dominoes, as he drives away. Next, the Griswald's arrive in Paris, France, and a local man steals Clark's video camera after he offers to take a family photograph. Clark buys everyone berets with their names on them. They have lunch at a local cafe where the waiter insults them in French, knowing that they are tourists and cannot understand the French language. During the day, The family visits the Eiffel Tower. Later, they race through the Louvre museum in 15 minutes, and Ellen pleads with Clark to slow down their tour. Audrey is distraught when she receives a break-up letter from Jack. The family drives to Germany to visit Clark's distant relatives, Fritz and Helga. They arrive at the wrong home, however, and fail to realize the elderly couple are not Fritz and Helga. The German couple do not speak English, but welcome the Griswalds to dinner, and allow them to spend the night. The family leaves the next day, thinking they had a nice visit with their family. At a German festival, Rusty meets a local girl named Claudia (Claudia Neidig). After kissing her, she shows him her breasts. Elsewhere, Clark wears a Bavarian costume and joins performers on stage where he participates in a traditional dance. Clark accidentally incites a riot, and the family flees as an angry mob pursues. They board a train for Rome, Italy, but lose their luggage in the process. Meanwhile, two criminals hold up a Rome traveler's check office, and tie-up the shopkeeper. When Clark arrives to reclaim his lost traveler's checks, the lead criminal (Victor Lanoux) pretend they work in the shop, and give him three times the amount he lost. Additionally, they provide him with a rental car, in which they have hidden the shopkeeper in the trunk. The thieves secretly follow the Griswalds around Rome. The family buys extravagant Italian clothes, and later, the teens demand some time away from their parents. Ellen sees a billboard with a suggestive photograph of her on it, and realizes it came from the stolen video camera. She is furious with Clark for not erasing the provocative videotape as promised. The family goes their separate ways, and the criminals follow Ellen, who drives off with the hostage in the trunk. Elsewhere, Rusty meets an American girl (Moon Zappa) and flirts with her, while Audrey attempts to purchase a ticket home to salvage her relationship with Jack. Meanwhile, Ellen proceeds to get drunk at the hotel bar, and is joined by the lead thief, whom she recognizes from the travelers check shop. Believing him to be the shopkeeper, she regales him with her marital woes. When she goes to her hotel room, the man follows, and tries to seduce her. Ellen fights him off, and picks up the telephone to call police, but he holds a gun to her head and kidnaps her. As the thief escorts her out of the hotel, Ellen sees her daughter in the lobby, and throws her the keys to the car. Audrey realizes something is amiss, and when her father arrives, they chase Ellen and her kidnapper. Clark and Audrey race through the streets of Rome. As Clark crashes along the narrow streets, he sees Rusty and his new girl friend, who get into the automobile. When he gets a flat tire, Clark opens the truck and finds the bound shopkeeper inside. In mid-pursuit, Clark takes a nearby bicycle and chases after Ellen. He jumps into the convertible and the kidnapper crashes into a fountain. The thief is arrested, Ellen embraces Clark, and the Griswalds happily return to America. But in the final scene as the plane arrives over New York City, Clark accidentally stumbles into the cockpit and knocks the pilot down which the plane nose dives and knocks the torch of the Statue of Liberty over.
tt0100140
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Moving is what Rachel Flax is great at. And by this stage, her oldest daughter, 16 year old,Charlotte nows the signs. They move to a little town on the east coast, far away from the big city and right into a sequence of dramatic realisations, young love, new love and a nunnery as a neighbour. How can life be normal when they entire family isn't? Charlotte's obsessed with religion and wants to become a nun! Kate practically lives at the school swimming pool and collects prizes left right and centre. And Mrs. Rachel Flax is selfish, self obsessed and hopelessly promiscious! Kate's father was a one night stand and she refuses to talk about Charlotte's dad, who stole her favourite car. Rachel soon falls for Lou, a sweet and funny shoe store owner. Could this be true love? Or will Rachel botch this one up 'cause of her commitment phobia? Charlotte adjusts to yet another highschool. But hopelessly falls for the sexy local handyman/ church bell ringer/ school bus driver, Joe. Who is about ten years older than her and alot more experienced. And most likely to be the one who ends Charlotte's sexual innocence. What will unfold when Rachel also starts flirting with Joe and makes Charlotte green with envy? And what tradegy awaits poor Kate?
tt0102510
Comedy,Crime
Lt. Frank Drebin (Leslie Nielsen) works now at the White House, taking care of the security of the President George Bush (Johan Roarke) and his wife (Margery Ross). Representatives from all energy sources are present at the dinner. As usual, Frank wrecks dinner and is implied that he sends Barbara Bush to hospital. Zsa Zsa Gabor (Zsa Zsa Gabor) slaps the bell which is following her. Frank ex-girlfriend Jane Spencer (Priscilla Presley) has a new lover, Dr Albert S. Meinheimer (Richard Griffiths). He's also his boss, because she wors as a PR representative. Norm (Christopher J. Keene) finds a bomb on the white paper basket. He shows it to other guards (Ken Kerman & Al Fann) who set the clock on time and the bomb goes off killing only the guards. Captain Ed Hocken (George Kennedy) investigates the case. Frank sees Jane and stares her in adoration. O.J. Simpson ... Nordberg Robert Goulet ... Quentin Hapsburg Richard Griffiths ... Dr. Albert S. Meinheimer / Earl Hacker Jacqueline Brookes ... Commissioner Anabell Brumford Anthony James ... Hector Savage Lloyd Bochner ... Terence Baggett Tim O'Connor ... Donald Fenswick Peter Mark Richman ... Arthur Dunwell Ed Williams ... Ted Olsen Peter Van Norden ... Chief of Staff John Sununu Gail Neely ... Winnie Mandela Colleen Fitzpatrick ... Blues Singer at Blue Note Club Sally Rosenblatt ... Mrs. Redmond Alexander Folk ... Crackhouse Cop Jose Gonzales-Gonzales ... Mariachi (as José Gonzáles-Gonzáles) Larry McCormick ... TV Reporter Cliff Bemis ... Barbecue Dad D.D. Howard ... Barbecue Mom William Woodson ... Hexagon Oil Commercial Announcer Mel Tormé ... Himself - Party Guest Dancing with Jane Zsa Zsa Gabor ... Herself Bill Chemerka ... White House Announcer Tom McGreevey ... Waiter (as Thomas McGreevey) James Gilstrap ... Sam, Blue Note Club Pianist 'Weird Al' Yankovic ... Police Station Thug Gina Mastrogiacomo ... Monique De Carlo - Sex Shop Worker Jeff Wright ... Sex Shop Assistant C. Lindsay Workman ... Banquet Doorman Gokul ... Apartment Resident (as Datta V. Gokhale) John Stevens ... Banquet Butler Charlotte Zucker ... Banquet Lady Don Pugsley ... Warehouse Thug Carlos Betancourt ... Mariachi #2 Bernardo Márquez ... Mariachi #3 Margarito Mendoza ... Mariachi #4 Lee Terri ... Wheelchair Assault Witness Claude Jay McLin ... Jock #1 Manny Perry ... Jock #2 Alex Zimmerman ... Jock #3 Raynor Scheine ... Explosion Thug #1 John Fleck ... Explosion Thug #2 Susan Breslau ... Banquet Woman #1 Leslie Maier ... Banquet Woman #2 Ron Rosenblatt ... Mr. Redmond Jennifer Segal ... Barbecue Daughter (as Jennifer Kretchmer) Ryan Harrison ... Barbecue Son David Zucker ... Davy Crockett Robert Weil ... George Russell Robert K. Weiss ... Obstetrician Robert LoCash ... FBI Agent Burton Zucker ... Lab Technician Lewis Friedman ... Lab Technician Bob Reitman ... Lab Technician Gene Mueller ... Lab Technician Gino Salomone ... Lab Technician Robert J. Elisberg ... McTigue, Police Sketch Artist Mindy Newborn ... Slave to the Composer Jan Campbell ... Lady in Waiting Wendy Hogan ... Lady in Waiting Nathaniel Bellamy Jr. ... Basketball Player (uncredited) Lisa Nunziella ... Dancer (uncredited)
tt0102782
Adventure,Drama,Romance
Set in the South Pacific Ocean in the year 1897, beginning right where the original film left off, a larger ship finds a little dinghy with three passengers. They quickly find out that the two adults are dead, but the infant snuggled between them lives- a little two-year-old boy who they assume is named "Richard" since that's the only name he knows. They take the baby aboard and he is given over to the care of the young widow who already has a young daughter named Lilli. An outbreak of cholera on board pushes the captain to set the widow, two children, and one strong crew member on a smaller boat to save them from the disease. The crew member threatens the children because he thinks they'll endanger the whole group by drinking all the water, and he finds their crying annoying besides. The widow, Sarah, is outraged- she beats the crew member to death and casts his body overboard. The boat continues to drift until it returns to the island where Richard was born. Huge cresting waves nearly upset the little boat as they come closer to shore, but they arrive safely on the beach. Sarah sets up a little camp against a huge log of driftwood and then the group set off looking for supplies. They find fresh water, fruits and roots while little Richard explores his old stomping grounds. A tropical storm hits, and the three huddle- wet and misrable- in their inadequate shelter. When it abates, Sarah decided to hunt for a more sheltered place to live. They find the little house that Emmeline and Richard (senior) built, and the baby boy runs up the steps looking for his parents. When he finds them missing, Sarah assures him that she will be his mother now. Life continues, normalcy building as the little family learns to survive. Sarah discovers that every three months, at the full moon, 'heathens' from the north side of the island row in long canoes past the lagoon, and she takes extra precautions to avoid them. Over the next few years, the children grow older, and less clothed, and seem to spend their time exploring the island. Sarah has only two rules: Be home before sunset, and never visit the north side of the island. She also continually tries to push civilized behaviors on them, teaching them religion, schooling and propiety. While she maintains a 'proper' lifestyle, the children explore themselves and each other, and ask for the facts of life. Sarah dutifully explains the concepts of anatomy, puberty, and marriage. Later, the children are caught out on the reef while hunting fish, with a huge shark circling the lagoon. It grows dark and Richard eventually throws out the fish they caught to distract the shark and they swim to their drifting boat. Sarah, worried sick, goes out searching for them and finds them just as they drift ashore. One day a storm blows in part of the roof of the house. After repairing it, Sarah falls deathly ill. She explains to them where and how she is to be buried, and gives them a prayer and script for her tombstone. Sarah then dies and she is buried on an overlook, so that she might see the house and serve as the children's guardian angel. She asks that Richard include his name on her tombstone, even though she is not his 'real' mother. To the end, Sarah wishes that the children remain civilized, and ready for the ship and rescue. The children are left alone, and the film skips forward several more years. It's Easter, and the teenage Richard (Brian Krause) insists on hunting for eggs, even though teenage Lilli (Milla Jovovich) isn't keen on the idea. Richard promises a prize for the winner, and reminds her that their mother would have wanted them to hunt for eggs. Lilli agrees to play. They both hide ten eggs on different areas of the island, and both find nine. Richard hides one, and lets Lilli win. Her prize is a pearl that she put in her hair with feathers and a twig. Richard has a continual contention with the shark in the lagoon, the same one that stalked him and Lilli as young children. He brags about his contests against the shark, which Lilli disapproves of. She mocks him, and he mocks her back, because of her fascination with her changing body. They argue, and acknowledge that life if different now that they're older. After a brief friendly interlude, Lilli asks if she could move her bed to another part of the house, instead of sleeping with Richard. "If you weren't going to do it, I was," says Richard Soon after, Lilli discovers she has gotten her period, and is now a woman. She's thrilled. She's like-wise thrilled when she find out about the fabulous trick Richard can do with his downstairs parts, though he is embarrassed. They bicker, and Richard storms to the other side of the island where he meets the heathens during their ritual. They have a bonfire, and are covered with white paint. Richard slathers himself with black mud to hide, but ends up in a stand off with a heathen. Richard backs off, as does the native, and they go their separate ways- but not before Richard finds blood-soaked leaves on a stone in a clearing. When he finds Lilli again, she is so distraught by his absence that she begs him to never leave her again. Soon after, they exchange primitive rings and pronounce themselves married. A ship arrives soon after this, their kegs spoiled, in search of fresh water. The couple greets them topless, which is shocking to the captain and crew. "They seem to be an odd mixture of knowledge and ignorance," explains the captain to his pretty daughter Sylvia. "Oh, and their attire is a bit... well, it's quite... sparse." They are also shocked and confused when Lilli cheerfully tells them that Richard isn't her brother, he's her husband. The captain and his daughter outfit Lilli and Richard in civilized clothing, and the couple makes the crew comfortable on the island. (Well... mostly comfortable). The young pair are used to dining on eel broth and running about naked, but one particular member of the crew doesn't find that quite as shocking. Nor does Sylvia disapprove of anything that Richard decides to do. Lilli tries to win back Richard from Sylvia (as she sees it) by dressing up and wearing makeup like Sylvia does, and Richard tells her she's being silly. Then Richard leaves to spend time with Sylvia and Lilli goes to wash off the smeared rouge she's applied. Richard soon learns that Sylvia isn't interested in a platonic friendship, and tells Richard his marriage isn't real and doesn't mean anything. "It does to me," answers Richard. He realizes what Lilli means to him and races off to find her, leaving an outraged Sylvia behind. He arrives in time to find Lilli being accosted by the interested crew member who found her bathing at the pool, and is now hunting for her pearl. A fight ensues, and the man shoots at Richard with his rifle, grazing his arm. The rest of the crew hurries to their aid, but the two men take off sprinting down the beach, the crew member determined to hunt Richard down. They race across the reef and Richard dives into the lagoon. The shark is waiting, as always. Richard out-swims the creature from his years of contests, but the crew member- a poor swimmer- is dragged beneath the water. When Richard returns, Lilli breaks the news that she won't be returning to civilization on the ship because she is pregnant and doesn't want her baby born into a world with guns. Richard is thrilled, and agrees. The ship sails away at dawn, and the young couple frolics like nothing ever happened to interrupt their blissful existence. Their baby is born, presumably a little girl by the look of the credits.
tt0096463
Comedy,Drama,Romance
This film is the story of a young woman's rise to success and the unconventional road she took to get there. Tess McGill (Melanie Griffith) is a secretary trying to get ahead at her Manhattan financial conglomerate. She is 30-years-old and earned her college business degree at night school. She rides the Staten Island Ferry to work every day which is a large corporation called Petty Marsh. Her goal is to move out of the secretarial pool and into an executive position. Yet, her dream remains unrealized; because her education was not acquired at a prestigious school, she cannot gain entry to her firm's training program for recent college graduates. She reads everything she can get her hands on, and endures the too-often falsely dangled opportunities of her superiors. After being misled into thinking that her supervisor, David Lutz (Oliver Platt), is helping her get a better job, Tess finds herself set up with a lascivious and debauched colleague of Lutz, named Bob Speck (Kevin Spacey) who tries to seduce her in his private limousine. She is forced to run out of the limo onto the street to get away from Speck. An angry Tess returns to the office and then gets into trouble by publicly calling her boss a "sleazoid pimp with a tiny little dick" on the office's digital stock-ticker crawl display. Following this, Tess is reassigned as a secretary to a new financial division for Petty Marsh and goes to work for company's new mergers executive, Katherine Parker (Sigourney Weaver), who is two weeks younger than she and the first woman she's ever worked for. Katherine assures her that their relationship is a two-way street and offers to mentor Tess. Seemingly supportive and benevolent, Katharine encourages Tess to share any good business ideas she has. Tess is delighted to finally be getting somewhere much to the chagrin of her live-in boyfriend, Mick Dugan (Alec Baldwin), whose main ambition is to buy his own fishing boat and doesn't understand the time Tess spends in Speech and Management classes that she attends on the weekends since Tess still speaks with the voice of a 10-year-old girl. Tess presses on, despite Mick's indifference and the bewilderment of her best friend Cynthia (Joan Cusack), who is engaged herself, and doesn't understand why Tess doesn't just marry Mick. Tess tries to explain to Cynthia that her career comes first. Over the next few days, Tess observes Katherine's style, ease with power, and smooth handling of the lecherous men who seem to populate their world. One day, Tess comes to Katherine with an idea for one of the firm's clients. Trask Industries has expressed interest in acquiring television stations, but Tess says that her research shows Trask would be better served to acquire radio instead. Katherine quizzes Tess on the genesis of this idea and, once she's convinced it really is Tess' own, sends her on her way with promises to bring it up at the next meeting. Tess is elated. As Katherine prepares for a getaway ski weekend to Europe with her estranged boyfriend, she confides to Tess that she's sure this is the weekend he'll pop the question. Katherine learns that Jack can't join her skiing but decides she should have a good time anyway... and promptly breaks her leg while skiing down a slope. She calls Tess from her hospital bed with a flurry of instructions: answer invitations, inform people that she'll be incapacitated, and take care of things at Katherine's parents house in New York as well. She apologizes for leaving such a mess, but reassures Tess that she can "make it happen." Tess arrives at Katherine's family's elegant Manhattan townhouse and soaks up the life she wants for herself. She sits at Katherine's make-up table, uses her exercise equipment, and imitates recordings of Katherine's upper-crust cadence. Then she finds a memo Katherine recorded for herself about Tess' idea for Trask Industries. She checks Katherine's home computer and, sure enough, finds more evidence that Katherine is intending to pass off Tess' idea as her own. Tess returns home to Staten Island, crushed at Katherine's betrayal, only to find Mick engaging in a worse betrayal; having sex with another woman, whom is one of her friends named Doreen DiMucci (Elizabeth Whitcraft). Disillusioned with Katharine and disgusted with Mick (whom she calls a "snake"), Tess walks out into the night. Having nowhere else to go, Tess runs back to Katherine's house to shack up there. Cynthia brings Tess her clothes from the apartment and begs her to talk to Mick, but Tess has decided to take action. She sees Katherine's invitation for a party that night from Dewey Stone & Company, which Katherine had intended to bring in on the Trask deal. In a bold move, Tess sets up a meeting for the following morning with Jack Trainer of Dewey Stone (the radio expert that Katherine had mentioned in her memo) and accepts the invitation to the party herself. She and Cyn go to Katherine's to borrow a $6,000 dress for the party; and, at Cyn's suggestion to calm herself, she takes one of Katherine's Valium. With Cyn's help, Tess remakes herself and attends the party looking different but still feeling slightly out of place. Once at the Dewey Stone party, she realizes how remote are her chances of finding Jack Trainer (Harrison Ford), and getting a head start with him before their meeting has decided to leave; but a handsome stranger approaches and asks her to have a drink with him. Tess asks the stranger if he knows Jack Trainer; and, of course, the stranger is Jack Trainer, who conceals his identity from Tess. After a few drinks, Tess realizes how intoxicated she is and should leave and asks the stranger to please get her coat for her. He brings the coat to an incoherent Tess in a waiting cab and instructs the driver to take them to his place. Once there, he carries the now totally unconscious Tess up to his apartment and puts her to bed. The next morning Tess awakens, thinking the worst, and moves as fast as she can to get out of the apartment before having to deal with the sleeping stranger beside her. She escapes with seconds to spare and regains her focus for her meeting at Dewey Stone. Draped in one of Katherine's stunning suits, she quickly realizes that the handsome stranger from the night before was Jack Trainer. He and his colleagues praise her idea for Trask's acquisition of a radio network but are curious why (1); she's come to them, and (2); has no briefcase. She gives them a plausible story on both counts, and they agree to meet further within their company and let her know if they can be part of the deal. Back at Tess'--no, Katherine's--office, Tess is cursing her own bad judgment concerning men and alcohol; and Cynthia is cursing Tess' double life, warning that she'll be out of, not only her man and her home, but her job as well. Suddenly, Jack appears on the floor, asking to see Tess. Tess convinces Cynthia to pose as her secretary and meets with Jack. After Tess' questions about the previous night, Jack assures her that nothing untoward occurred and that Dewey Stone is ready to proceed on the Trask deal. He gives her a gift of a new briefcase to celebrate and invites her to dinner; but she declines in spite of the attraction growing between them. Now the frenzy of activity kicks into high gear: Tess playing her role as Katherine's secretary for Katherine when she calls and for everyone else at her company and the role of deal manager with Jack Trainer. They work well together, making it fun and flirty when they can. When Tess attends Cynthia's engagement party, she realizes how much she's changed in a short time, how she no longer fits into the world she once called home. After Mick's impulsive marriage proposal, Tess says good-bye to him for good. A few days later, Tess and Jack crash Oren Trask's (Philip Bosco) daughter's (Barbara Garrick) wedding, intending to make an appointment and pitch their plan. They succeed and meet with two of his executives. Trask is interested. After a successful meeting with Trask, Tess and Jack sleep together for the first time. The next morning, Jack confesses that he needs to break up with his girlfriend. For him it's already over, he just hasn't told her yet. Tess' disappointment is evident when she learns the mystery girlfriend is Katherine and decides to keep her identity as Katherine's secretary a secret. Everything begins to come to a head: Katherine is returning to Manhattan the same day Tess and Jack are scheduled to finalize with the principles of the Trask deal, including the owner of the radio network that Trask is acquiring. Tess quickly cleans up and moves out of Katherine's house, dry cleans all Katherine's clothes, and meets her on the company's helipad when she arrives. At Katherine's house, she wastes no time drafting Tess to help her unpack, bathe, and change into sexy lingerie so that she can reconnect with the man she is so sure will propose to her. As Tess is about to leave on an errand to get painkiller pills for Katherine, she mentions to Katherine the memo she found that started the whole chain of events and points out that it looks like she's proffering the Trask radio idea as her own. Katherine claims that it was a necessary measure, since once Jack was accused of stealing another's idea. Katherine calls Jack to come over and, after a brief struggle during which Katherine proposes to him, he leaves without telling her about Tess. Tess returns from the errand and hides in a coat closet when she sees Jack. After Jack leaves, Tess emerges from the closet, gives Katharine her pills and rushes out of the apartment, accidentally leaving her appointment book behind. Katharine reads it and becomes enraged after she discovers what Tess has been up to for the past few weeks. Before entering the boardroom to finalize the Trask deal, Tess quickly asks Jack if he's ever had any ethical problems about looking over the work of others--he says he hasn't. The two confess their love for each other and sit down at the table. Suddenly, Katherine, on crutches, bursts into the room, screaming that Tess is an imposter and merely her secretary. Tess is unable to make the others understand that Katharine is the liar and leaves the meeting in shame. All the deal participants, including Jack, are confused. A few days later, Tess attends Cynthia's wedding where she finds that Mick is going on with his life with his new girlfriend, Doreen. After the wedding, Tess returns to her office to clean out her desk where the rest of her co-workers wish her the best of luck. In the lobby, she runs into Katherine, Jack, and Mr. Trask along with a group of executive businessmen. The women confront each other and get into a huge shouting mach in front of everyone. Katherine again play-acts as the "poor innocent victim" and accusing Tess of being a thief and liar (Note: the sociopath Katherine is basically describing herself by passing everything onto Tess using the old fashion 'accuse-your-accuser' manipulation tactic), while Tess accuses Katherine of pretending to be her friend so she could steal her ideas... as well as ploting to fire her on trumped-up charges after the deal goes through. When Jack intervenes in the argument, Tess tells him that her impersonating an executive may have stared out that way, but everything else she told him, as well as their night together, was true and that Katherine was always the bad person hiding behind her charming facade. Katherine whispers to Tess at what she told her earlier that "it was all just business". As the crafty and manipulative Katharine tries to lead the group onto the elevator, Jack then refuses to come, stating that Tess is this team's leader and he believes her. Trask tells Jack: "you better not let your Johnson go on making business decisions for you." Katherine cautions Mr. Trask to ignore Tess and not to belive a word she say. Suddenly remembering a little tidbit about the Trask merger, Tess asks Trask if Katherine had told him about the potential dealbreaker. Tess explains about a conflict of intrest with a fellow Trask Industries client that could ruin the merger if it is to be made public within a week after the deal closes. Trask is stunned to hear Tess explain the potential loophole in the deal and realizes she may be telling the truth. Jack maneuvers himself, Tess, and Mr. Trask into an elevator alone; and Tess explains how she first conceived the idea for Trask to acquire radio and shows him the newspaper clippings that inspired her. When the elevator door opens again on the conference floor, Trask approaches Katherine and asks her where SHE got the idea for the deal? Katherine pretends not to remember and says that she needs to check her files in her office, but Trask refuses to let her go to her office and he again asks Katherine where she came up with the idea for the Trask Industries radio deal merger. Katherine tries changing the subject, and then says that it's complicated, but Trask tells her to uncomplicate it. When it quickly becomes clear to everybody present that Katherine cannot (and will not) provide an answer, Trask says he will insist to the Petty Marsh board of directors that she be fired for her deception. He then offers Tess a job at his firm if she promises to bring the passion and integrity she brought to his deal. A few days later, Tess moves in with Jack at his apartment and starts her first day of her new job at Trask Industries. When she arrives, she sees a woman in an office, talking on the phone, and presumes she is to be the woman's secretary. However, it is quickly revealed that the woman is, in fact, Tess new personal secretary Alice (Amy Aquino), and Tess realizes that Trask's definition of "entry-level" involves the opportunities she had dreamed of. She insists her new secretary treat her as a colleague, rather than a superior, proving she is going be a very different boss from Katharine. Tess then calls Cynthia at her secretary job across town, to tell her the good news by saying: "Guess where I am?" Cynthia shouts to everyone that Tess has finally made it out of the typing pool.
tt0098621
Comedy,Romance
Gavin D'Amato (Danny DeVito), a prominent Washington DC divorce attorney, is in his office discussing a divorce case with a taciturn client (Dan Castellaneta). Noticing the man's determination to divorce his wife, Gavin decides to tell him the story of one of his clients: the Roses. 17 Years Earlier. Oliver Rose (Michael Douglas), a student at Harvard Law School, meets Barbara (Kathleen Turner) at an auction on the island of Nantucket, where they bid on the same antique: mistakenly undervalued 18th-century Chinese homunculus statuette. Oliver chats Barbara up and they become friends. When Barbara misses her ferry home, the two end up spending the night together at a local inn. Eventually after a whirlwind romance, the two get married. Three years later, the Roses have a family of boisterous twins, Josh and Carolyn, who distract Oliver from his efforts to complete a Harvard University law degree. One Christmas Eve, Oliver is busy with his studies and doesn't want anyone to distract him, but Barbara insists they go for a walk and surprises her husband with an antique Morgan automobile. Five years later, Barbara and Oliver relocate to Washington DC where Oliver becomes an associate lawyer at a firm with Gavin, and angles for a more prestigious role. Sometime later, Barbara discovers that the owner of her "dream home" has died, and the Roses move into the mansion. Over the next six years, Oliver becomes a senior partner while Barbara refurbishes the house. Once the remodeling is complete, Barbara announces her plan to start a small business, selling pâté to fellow housewives. Anticipating a lucrative enterprise, Barbara buys an enormous sport utility (SUV) truck for $25,000. As her business flourishes and the Rose twins prepare to attend Harvard, Oliver persuades his wife to hire a live-in housekeeper named Susan (Marianne Sägebrecht). At first, Oliver and Barbara's marriage is happy and content as both of them share their materialist ways and views of modern American society with purchases of expensive furniture and clothing to show off their wealth. However, cracks seem to be forming in the family, such as the children growing up overweight because the shallow and insecure Barbara thinks that spoiling them with candy treats is positive, and they do not get in shape until their teen years. Soon, Barbara appears to grow tired of her life with Oliver, and at the same time, begins to dislike him and everything he does. As Barbara becomes more cold and distant, Oliver, for his part, cannot understand what he has done to earn Barbara's growing contempt of him. The reason being is that Oliver remains oblivious to his controlling, self-centered, indifferent and generally dismissive behavior toward her. One evening, when Oliver fails to read her catering business contract due to having a get together with some clients at their house, an argument ensues, and Barbara uses her strength as a gymnast to squeeze Oliver's waist between her thighs. At a lunch meeting the following day, Oliver convulses in pain and believes he is dying from a heart attack, but soon learns he has a harmless hernia and attributes it to Barbara's leg grip the previous evening. When Barbara fails to arrive at the hospital, Oliver returns home with a note he scrawled when he thought he was near death, declaring to Barbara: "All I am and all I have I owe to you." However, Barbara is unmoved. She later confesses that she felt happy at the prospect of Oliver's death and asks for a divorce. She proves that she is serious when she physically punches Oliver in his face and he immediately agrees to a divorce. Sometime later, the couple meets Barbara's divorce lawyer, Harry Thurmont (G.D. Spradin), who states that Barbara wants nothing from Oliver but the house and all of its contents. Oliver argues that he is legally entitled to half of everything they own. When Oliver insists that his earnings paid for the home, the attorney quotes Oliver's "deathbed" note. Enraged, Oliver declares war on his wife and vows she will never get the house. Aware that it might not be wise to represent himself despite being a professional lawyer, Oliver hires Gavin on retainer to be his legal representation. Barbara initially throws Oliver out of the house, but he moves back in when he discovers a legal loophole that allows him to stay in the house while the divorce is pending. Barbara immediately begins plotting to remove Oliver from the picture. On Christmas Eve, the Rose family awkwardly gathers around their decorated tree. When the Christmas tree lights dim, Barbara declares that there is a short circuit and they should unplug the lights, but Oliver typically dismisses Barbara's concern and insists the blackout is due to a misplaced ornament. Later that evening, the tree catches fire and Barbara gleefully gloats over Oliver's error. Oliver contacts Gavin and comes up with several ideas to get Barbara to leave. Oliver meets with Barbara and even goes as far as to offer her all the furniture, antiques, and valuables in the house in exchange for letting him have it as an empty shell, but the greedy Barbara refuses, accepting nothing less than everything. Barbara begins to show signs of a mental breakdown when she shows up at Gavin's office and unsuccessfully attempts to seduce him as a way to make him side with her. On another night, Barbara refuses to share her sleep medications with Oliver, and he accidentally kills her beloved cat on his way to the pharmacy. Taking revenge, Barbara locks Oliver in his basement sauna where he nearly dies from heatstroke. Although she lets him out, hoping he will finally relent and leave the house, Oliver's conviction only grows stronger and he later saws the heels off Barbara's extensive shoe collection in retribution. In another effort to compromise, Oliver offers Barbara a generous sum of cash in exchange for ownership of the house in his name, but Barbara continues to refuse to settle and insists that since she found the house, raised their two children in it, fixed it up and bought all of the furniture, the house belongs to her since she never had anything in her life while growing up or ever had any close family. Barbara states that if she moves out, she will have nothing and nobody in her life to go back to. Oliver, who also never had anything growing up and also does not have any close family, counters that he paid for the house and everything in it with his own money earned from long and hard work years of being a lawyer and that the house belongs to him which is he sees as his proud accomplishment in his life. Oliver also states that if he moves out, he too will have nothing and nobody in his life to go back to either. Gavin never tells Oliver about Barbara's attempt to seduce him... aware that Oliver will not react well to this latest underhanded tactic of hers. But finally realizing that his client is in a no-win situation with his mentally warped wife, Gavin eventually tells Oliver that if the case goes to trial, any judge or jury would rule in Barbara's favor. Gavin advises Oliver to end this ugly conflict by divorcing Barbara, move out of the house for good, and find and re-build a new life for himself with his own fortune. But in response, Oliver fires Gavin and decides to take matters into his own hands, refusing to let Barbara destroy him and his manhood. Over the next few weeks, Oliver and Barbara begin spiting and humiliating each other in every way possible, even in front of friends and potential business clients of Barbara's. Both of them begin destroying the house furnishings; the stove, furniture, Staffordshire ornaments, and plate ware. Some months later, while the kids are away at college, Oliver eventually calms down and attempts to speak with Barbara in a civilized manner over an elegant dinner, but he finally reaches his breaking point when Barbara serves him a paté which she cruelly implies was made from his beloved dog (although the dog is alive and well outside). Oliver angrily attacks Barbara, who flees into the attic to hide. Oliver then boards up the entire house to prevent her from escaping as he now plots to kill her, while she plots the same thing. Just then, Susan sneaks back into the house with concern for the couple and Oliver forces her to go away. Afraid that Oliver and Barbara really might attempt to kill each other, Susan phones Gavin for help and he agrees to come to the house to help. A little later that same night, Oliver drunkenly sings to Barbara and lures her out of hiding with the announcement that he has a "gift" for her: the 18th-century Chinese homunculus statuette that Barbara won in the estate auction the day they met. As she reaches for it from the top of the stairs, Oliver pulls a string he attached to the ornament and snatches it away. Referring to the antique that provoked their bidding war years earlier, Oliver declares that he will move out and give Barbara everything in the house if she says: "It's mine." Twisting his words, Barbara replies, "It's mine," inferring that the homunculus belongs to her. In response, Oliver smashes the artifact with an iron poker and Barbara bends over in pain, covering her eye. Oliver runs up the stairs to help, but she retaliates, hitting him with the rod. Losing balance, Barbara falls through the banister and clings for life to the foyer's chandelier. Oliver offers to save her in return for the house, but she still refuses to be rescued. When he tries to catch the chandelier with the iron poker, he, too, is trapped on the light fixture. Just then Gavin arrives with Susan and they see from one of the boarded windows Oliver and Barbara hanging onto the chandelier. He attempts to find a ladder from the garage. While they are trapped on the chandelier, Oliver admits to Barbara that despite their hardships, he always loved her, but Barbara does not respond. Gavin manages to get a ladder, but he is forced to use it as a battering ram to knock the locked front door down. Just before Gavin manages to break into the mansion, the chandelier snaps and falls to the floor, and Oliver and Barbara are both fatally wounded. With his final breath, Oliver reaches his hand out to Barbara's shoulder, and Barbara uses her last strength to hit Oliver's hand away, revealing that she truly did not love him anymore and she indeed wanted him dead. Back in the present, Gavin warns his new client that there is no such thing as a "civil divorce" and suggests that he try to restore love in his faded relationship. After the nameless and mute client leaves, the attorney then finishes his last cigarette and goes home to his new wife.
tt0107840
Drama,Romance
Justice (Janet Jackson) is a young woman living in South Central, Los Angeles. She was named Justice by her late mother, who gave birth to her while attending law school. After the shooting death of her boyfriend Markell (Q-Tip), Justice falls into a deep depression. She spends the majority of her time in the house she inherited from her grandmother, with her pet cat White Boy, only going out to her job at a local hair salon. Justice is a talented poet, she reads many of her poems throughout the course of the film, both to other characters and in voice over. Justice is at the hair salon working one day when a young postal clerk named Lucky (Tupac Shakur) comes in and begins flirting with her. She rebuffs his advances with the help of her female boss; the two women pretend to be lesbians and mock Lucky with their "relationship". Meanwhile, Lucky has also had tragedy in his life: his main focus is caring for his young daughter Keisha. He had to forcibly remove her from the care of her mother, Angel, a crack addict who was using drugs and having sex with her drug dealer while leaving the child unattended in the apartment. Lucky dreams of a professional career in music and shows considerable promise, but he insists his cousin is the true talent. Justice's friend Iesha (Regina King) manages to talk Justice into taking a road trip to Oakland with Iesha's boyfriend, Chicago (Joe Torry), Lucky's co-worker at the post office. Justice warily accepts, mainly because she has to go to Oakland for a hair show, and her car dies at the last minute. Unbeknownst to Justice, Lucky is Chicago's co-worker also on the trip, and she will now be sharing a postal van with him and their two mutual friends. Initially they argue, but over the course of the film soften towards each other as they discover their similarities. The foursome make a couple of detours off the I-5 expressway, the first being a family reunion barbecue they see signs for on the road. Here it becomes apparent (although there were ample hints earlier) that Iesha and Chicago's relationship is troubled. Iesha openly flirts with other men at the barbecue, while Chicago broods watching her behavior. The second stop is a beach where each of the four characters contemplate their separate situations in internal monologues. Next, they stop at an African Cultural Fair where Lucky and Justice grow closer as they discuss their lives. After leaving the fair, the friction between Chicago and Iesha explodes when Iesha informs Chicago she has been seeing someone on the side and he physically attacks her. Lucky initially decides not to get involved in the fight until Justice defends Iesha by kicking Chicago in the groin, and Chicago turns his physical brutality on Justice in retaliation. Lucky, Justice, along with a bleeding and shaken Iesha leave Chicago by the side of the road and continue on their journey. Lucky stops the postal van at a beach, and Justice goes to see what's wrong. She begins opening up to him about her life and Lucky becomes sympathetic. They share a kiss and Justice walks away apparently unsure of her feelings for Lucky. She goes back to him and they share another kiss. When the trio finally arrive in Oakland, they are met with the news that Lucky's cousin, with whom he had been working on recording music, has been killed. Lucky blames himself for not being in Oakland sooner, believing he could have prevented the shooting had he been in town. He turns his anger on Justice, angrily blaming her for distracting him while they were on the road. Several months later. Lucky and Keisha meet up with Justice again back at the hair salon, just at the moment Lucky brings in his daughter Keisha. Lucky is remorseful over his conduct in Oakland and the cruel words he said to Justice there, and apologizes. She smiles at him and they share a passionate kiss. Justice smiles coyly, and then turns her attention to Keisha, fussing over her hair. Justice and Lucky's eyes meet over Keisha's head and they smile, their connection as strong as ever.
tt0089822
Comedy
In this sequel to the first Police Academy movie, a nerdish storefront owner named Mr. Sweetchuck, is attacked and robbed of $8. by a local street gang known as "The Scullions" whom are led by the infantile Zed (Bobcat Goldthwait). After hearing about the incident, Chief Henry Hurst (George G. Robertson) arrives at the 16th precinct and notifies its captain, Pete Lassard (Howard Hesseman) that the precinct is the worst in the city for even old ladies throw things and spit at passing policemen on the street outside the station. Nevertheless, Hurst gives him 30 days or else Lassard is out. Before he leaves, the conniving Officer Mauser (Art Metrano) schemes his way into talking to Hurst. Hurst promises him the rank of captain should Lassard fail. Pete calls his brother, who happens to be Commandant Eric Lassard (George Gaynes) and asks him for six new recruits, as was promised by Hurst. Throughout the movie, Mauser is seen scheming with his dim-witted partner Sgt. Proctor (Lance Kinsey) as he attempts to take control of the precinct. The recently graduated Carey Mahoney (Steve Guttenberg), Larvell Jones (Michael Winslow), Eugene Tackleberry (David Graf), Moses Hightower (Bubba Smith), Laverne Hooks (Marion Ramsey), and Douglas Fackler (Bruce Mahler) join the 16th precinct, and some are assigned a veteran officer partner since they're rookies: Fackler has Dooley (Ed Herihly), Mahoney has the overweight Vinnie Schtulman (Peter van Norden), and Tackleberry has Sgt. Kathleen Kirkland (Colleen Camp). At first, Tackleberry disapproves that his partner, Kirkland, carries stigmatized faults because of the fact she's a woman, but they later hit it off when they compare their preference of gun choices. Tackleberry later confides to Mahoney that he may have fallen in love with her. Mahoney and Schtulman spot a robbery at a merchant's place called "Schewchuk's Lighting", a chandelier store owned by the nerd Mr. Sweetchuck (Tim Kazurinsky) (Zed's victim from the opening scene), but the robbers escape through a back door before Mahoney and Schtulman even enter the shop. Eventually Fackler, Tackleberry and Kirkland arrive, each one contributing in his own characteristic way to the destruction of the store. Mauser is ready to suspend them, but Mahoney makes a passionate plea that convinces Lassard to give them another chance. While all this is going on, Zed and his gang go shopping in a supermarket. They cause havoc as they go, leaving the store with wagon-loads without paying. and Mr. Sweetchuck is already at hand in the supermarket to be further tormented this time by Zed and his group. Mauser gives Mahoney a new assignment; patrolling a tunnel which is congested with traffic, and thus covering him and his partner with soot in the process. Mahoney gets revenge on Mauser by switching his shampoo with Tackleberry's epoxy resin solution, which glues his hands to his hair. He ends up embarrassing himself in front of the station by being tricked into leaving the locker room... fully nude. As a result Mauser has to wear a freakish red wig through the remainder of the film. On his morning drive to the station the next day, Pete Lassard spots some of Zed's men and tries to deal with them, but is eventually over-powered and spray-painted. After his rousing speech to finish what they started, the whole gang is riled up. Progress is made and most of the gang is captured (leading to 42 arrests), but Mauser informs the captain that most of the charges were dropped for brutality and lack of evidence. Mahoney sees that Mauser did this deliberately to discredit Captain Lassard. As revenge, Mahoney has a full body cavity search done on Mauser (the search was supposed to go to one of the arrested gang members). Meanwhile, Tackleberry goes on a date with Kirkland, where they stay out late dancing. They profess their love for each other and have sex (but removing their numerous concealed weapons first before clothes). Across town, Pete goes to see his brother Eric at a Japanese steakhouse, and Eric comes out with an idea to hold a fair. At the night of the fair though, Zed's men trash the place. As a result, Lassard is out of a job the next day, while Mauser is promoted Captain. His first act is to remove Mahoney. Schtulman is quick to object to Mahoney's dismissal and is also dismissed. Mahoney, Schtulman, and Pete Lassard get together in an last-ditch attempt to stop the gang. They send in Mahoney undercover to find the leader of the gang. (Everybody at this point doesn't know Zed's name or that he is the gang leader.) Lassard and Schtulman wire Mahoney, using duct tape and a radio microphone. Under the guise of "Jughead," he is able to infiltrate the gang and find out both their hiding spot and the name of their leader. His cover is blown however due to the radio microphone cutting into a baseball game, which leads to Lassard calling every man to the location. Mauser intervenes, but takes Fackler through the air duct. However, Fackler accidentally bumps him and pushes him inside. The police arrive and arrest every gang member there. Zed escapes with Mahoney, but Lassard arrives and prepares to shoot Zed with a loaded pistol. Mahoney punches him down a flight of stairs, while Hooks arrests him. It is then revealed that Lassard's gun wasn't loaded, as he "never carried live ammo since '73". The movie ends with the officers attending Tackleberry and Kirkland's wedding. They drive off the Police Academy lot in a monster truck. At the same time a new group of police cadet misfits join the academy. Among them is the natural-born-geek Mr. Sweetchuck, and the "redeemed' Zed.
tt0097722
Drama
African-American history teacher Joe Clark (Morgan Freeman) instructs enthusiastic teenagers at Eastside High School in 1967 Paterson, New Jersey. His class is interrupted by fellow African-American teacher Frank Napier (Robert Guillaume), who alerts Joe that their union is holding a meeting without them. Joe interrupts the meeting and demands to know what is going on. Other union members criticize Joe's antics and reveal that they have accepted a raise and agreed to transfer Joe to another school. Twenty years later in present day 1987, Eastside High has devolved into crime-ridden chaos. Dr. Frank Napier, now the Superintendent of Paterson's school district, tells Mayor Don Bottman (Alan North) that a new bill has just passed requiring schools to achieve a 75% passing grade on a basic skills test administered to all students. If a school does not pass, the state of New Jersey will take it over. Frank informs Bottman that only 38% of Eastside's students passed the test the previous year, and suggests Joe Clark take over as the new principal. Although Bottman is wary of the idea, he approves, and Frank visits Joe at the elementary school where he works. Despite Joe's initial resistance, Frank persuades him to take the job, insisting this is Joe's chance to make a difference in the world. On his first day at Eastside, Joe immediately shows his tyrannical side when she shouts at the department heads for no reason, demands that nobody speak during the meetings he holds, and requests the names of every hoodlum, drug dealer, misfit and miscreant in the student body by noon. At an all-school assembly, the troublemakers whose names were submitted are called to the stage. Joe addresses the rowdy crowd, who finally take notice when he expels the 100 or more students onstage and they are ushered out by security. Joe tells the remaining students they could be expelled just as easily, and informs them that a practice exam for the basic skills test will be administered in two weeks. They have 110 days before the actual test, and he warns that their futures will depend on it. Parents call an emergency meeting that night. Leona Barrett (Lynne Thigpen), a local community activist whose trouble-making son was one of those expelled that morning, accuses Joe of denying deserving kids an education. Joe stands by his decision, preaching about the responsibility he feels in his new position, and many of the parents applaud him. Leona angrily leaves and vows to destroy Joe The next morning, a freshman named Thomas Sams (Jermaine Hopkins), who was expelled for skipping class and smoking crack cocaine, pleads with Joe to let him return, claiming he was accused of crimes he did not commit. Joe does not believe him but allows the boy another chance, promising to follow his every move. At Joe's insistence, the school's graffiti-covered walls are repainted, and the cages surrounding the food counter in the cafeteria are removed. At lunch, Joe stops Thomas from stealing another student's food, then humiliates him by demanding he and his friends sing the school song while everyone else remains silent. The boys do not know the song, and Joe announces a new rule that every student must learn the song and be prepared to sing it on command. Joe goes to the classroom of Mrs. Elliott (Robin Bartlett), the chorus teacher, to inform her that she must teach the song to the entire student body. When she refuses to interrupt the song her students are singing, Joe summons her into the hall and fires her for insubordination. He later suspends Mr. Darnell (Michael Beach), an English teacher and assistant football coach, for disrespecting him in the cafeteria, and Ms. Joan Levias (Beverly Todd), the vice principal, warns Joe that he has caused chaos. After the practice exam is administered, Joe demands Levias track down the results when they do not arrive soon enough. Two students alert him that a fight has broken out and he runs to the scene. There, Joe finds a drug dealer, one of the students he expelled, attacking a student named Kid Ray (Alex Romaguera). Learning that the drug dealer snuck in through a side door, Joe demands that security chain all the side entrances closed, despite fire codes. Later, Joe sees Kaneesha Carter (Karen Malina White), a student he taught in elementary school, stewing in the hallway outside his office. When he asks Kaneesha what is wrong, she reveals that her mother has kicked her out of the house. Joe and Levias escort Kaneesha home after school to tell Mrs. Carter what a good student she is. Mrs. Carter reveals that she gave birth to Kaneesha when she was only 15-years-old, and later developed a drug problem. Now that she is getting sober, she does not like herself and thought Kaneesha would be better off without her. Joe offers to help find Mrs. Carter a job, and she agrees to take her daughter back in. A local newspaper refers to Joe as "Crazy Joe Clark" and accuses him of fighting with his student's parents. Frank warns him that he stands to alienate his students and staff the way he alienated his wife, and forces him to reinstate Mr. Darnell, who, as a young, African-American male teacher, provides a good role model for Eastside students. Fire Chief Gaines (John Ring) arrives at the school for a surprise inspection, but Joe demands he file an official request and sends him away. Soon after, Kid Ray informs Joe that he is quitting school. Guessing that Ray is selling drugs, Joe warns the boy that he will be dead in a year. He sees Thomas and his friends roaming the halls and demands to hear the school song. They sing a beautiful, new arrangement of the song and inform him that the new chorus teacher, Mrs. Powers, taught it to them. Joe finds Mrs. Powers and pretends to be angry before congratulating her on the new arrangement and declaring it Eastside's new alma mater. The practice exam results finally arrive, revealing that only 33% of Eastside students passed. Joe addresses the teachers, telling them it is their failure, and demands that a new peer-tutoring program be instituted. Students begin to thrive under Joe's rigid disciplinary tactics, and he becomes more cheerful around them. Meanwhile, the angry Leona Barrett crusades to have Joe fired, and makes a deal to back Bottman's next mayoral campaign if he agrees to oust the principal at her behest. Having learned that Joe has chained the side entrances to the school, they conspire to send Fire Chief Gaines back for an inspection. Frank and Mr. Rosenberg (Ethan Phillips), the school district attorney, come to Eastside to warn Joe about the plan. When several students approach Joe with their problems at the same time, Ms. Levias tries to get Joe's attention but he shouts at her. She later accuses him of being an egomaniac who takes sole credit for the work of his entire staff, and asks to be transferred to a different school. On the day of the basic skills test, Joe gives the students a pep talk and gives a knowing nod to Ms. Levias as he stresses the importance of teamwork. Ms. Powers performs the song "Lean on Me," and the students join her, prompting Ms. Levias to crumple the transfer request Joe handed her that morning. Later that day, Fire Chief Gaines arrives, accompanied by Barrett, and Joe is arrested for breaking the law by chaining fire exits. That night, Leona Barrett addresses the school board at City Hall, demanding Joe's termination and imprisonment. Inside his jail cell, Joe hears his students walking up the streets, protesting his arrest. They congregate outside City Hall, and Barrett addresses them through a megaphone, urging them to go home. Mayor Bottman releases Joe from his cell to address the students, but they refuse to leave when he asks them to do so. Ms. Levias arrives with a piece of paper and demands that Joe read it. He then gleefully announces that Eastside has passed the basic skills test. The students rejoice. Sometime later, Joe shakes his students' hands as they accept their diplomas at graduation.
tt0101452
Adventure,Comedy,Fantasy
In this sequel to 'Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure', the music of Bill and Ted's band, Wyld Stallyns, has created a utopian future society. Chuck De Nomolos, who detests this society, steals one of the time-traveling phone booths and sends two robots modeled after Bill and Ted back to the late 20th century to prevent Bill and Ted from winning the San Dimas Battle of the Bands. Rufus attempts to stop De Nomolos but seemingly becomes lost in the circuits of time. In the present day, five years after Bill and Ted first traveled through time with Rufus' help to pass their history project and graduate from high school, the Wyld Stallyns is preparing for the contest. Though Bill and Ted's current fiancées, and former 15th-century princesses, Elizabeth and Joanna have become skilled musicians in working alongside them, Bill and Ted are still inept singers and songwriters. Despite this, the organizer Ms. Wardroe assures them a slot in the contest as the final act. Bill's young stepmother Missy divorces his father in favor of Ted's, who threatens Ted with military school should they fail the Battle of the Bands. Evil Bill and Evil Ted arrive and the robots eventually replace Bill and Ted, killing them by throwing the two over the side of a cliff at Vasquez Rocks. The robots behave rudely to the princesses and work to ruin the duo's fame. Bill and Ted's souls are met by Death who challenges them in a game for their souls. Bill and Ted escape after giving Death a "melvin". They attempt to alert their families but their ethereal forms prove difficult, and at one point, are cast down into Hell at a séance held by Missy. In Hell, they are tormented by Satan, made to face their own fears, manifesting as Col Oates, the Easter Bunny, and Granny S. Preston, and realize their only escape is to take Death's offer. Taken to Death's chambers, the spirit gives them the option of what game to play. Bill and Ted, to Death's dismay, select modern games like Battleship, Clue, and Twister, easily beating Death. Death admits defeat and unwillingly becomes their servant. Bill and Ted recognize they need to locate the smartest person in the universe to help build robots to counter De Nomolos' evil robots. Death escorts the two to Heaven, and with God's help, are directed to an alien named Station who has the ability to split into two identical twins, and readily offers to help Bill and Ted. Death brings them back to Earth in the mortal world, where it is the night of the Battle of the Bands. Bill and Ted take Station to a hardware store, and then race in their van back to the concert while Station constructs good robots. Just as the evil robots take the stage, Bill and Ted arrive, and Station's robots easily defeat the evil ones. Just then, De Nomolos appears in the time booth, ready to defeat Bill and Ted himself, and overrides the broadcasting equipment to send the video footage of this to everyone on the planet. The two recognize they can later go back in time to arrange events for De Nomolos to be trapped in the present, aided by Death and Station; though De Nomolos is apparently able to do the same, Bill and Ted gain the upper hand with the explanation that it is only the winners who get to go back, and De Nomolos is arrested by Ted's father. Ms. Wardroe reveals herself to be a disguised Rufus, having assured Bill and Ted's spot in the concert, and urges them to play. As Bill and Ted reunite with their fiancées, they realize they are still terrible musicians, and the four use the time booth to travel through time to practice. Although they return immediately after less then a minute, Bill and Ted claim that "an intense 16 months of guitar training, plus a two week honeymoon" have passed for them. They have married the princesses and each is raising a young infant "Little Ted" and "Little Bill". They begin to perform a stunning rock ballad, joined by Death, Station, and the good robots. The worldwide broadcast set by De Nomolos continues, and Wyld Stallyns' music is played across the globe, creating harmony. Over the end credits, it's shown through newspaper articles that the band, along with Death, go through many perks of fame before eventually taking their act to the planet Mars.
tt0104940
Comedy,Drama,Family
Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie and the entire cast of the Muppet universe come together to re-tell Charles Dicken's immortal classic "A Christmas Carol" This was the first time the Muppets appeared on screen since Jim Henson's death in 1990. Michael Caine gives a magnificent performance as Ebenezer Scrooge in a world full of muppet comedy and almost scary performances from the "Ghosts of Christmas past, present, and yet to come"
tt0089155
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
Los Angeles Times reporter Irwin "Fletch" Fletcher (Chevy Chase) is writing an article exposing the drug traffic on the beaches of Los Angeles. Posing as a homeless addict during his investigation, he is approached by Alan Stanwyk (Tim Matheson) who mistakenly assumes Fletch is a junkie. Taking him to his luxury mansion in Beverly Hills, Stanwyk formally introduces himself and that he works for Boyd Aviation as the executive vice president. Stanwyk claims to have bone cancer, with only months left to live, and wishes to avoid the pain and suffering. Stanwyk offers $50,000 for Fletch to come to his mansion in a few days time, kill him, and then escape to Rio de Janeiro, staging the murder to appear as the result of a burglary. Fletch is suspicious but ostensibly agrees to the plan. Along with his colleague Louisa Larry (Geena Davis), he begins investigating Stanwyk instead of completing his drug trafficking exposé, much to the dismay of his impatient boss and editor Frank Walker (Richard Libertini). Fletch endures a rectal exam from Stanwyk's doctor, Dr. Dolan (M. Emmett Walsh), in a failed attempt to talk Dolan into divulging medical information about Stanwyk. Later that same day, disguised as a doctor, Fletch accesses Stanwyk's file at the hospital and learns Stanwyk lied to him about having cancer. Fletch visits Stanwyk's wife Gail (Dana Wheeler-Nicholson) at her tennis club and, pretending to be a friend of her husband's, flirts with her during an impromptu tennis lesson. He doesn't uncover very much from her and leaves. Next, Fletch poses as an FCC agent where he visits Gail's father, Stanton Boyd, who is the head of Boyd Aviation to inquire about Stanwyk's finances. Fletch finds that Gail recently converted $3 million of her personal stock in Boyd Aviation into cash for her husband to buy a ranch in Provo, Utah. Fletch returns to his apartment for the day and finds that his ex-wife's lawyer Marvin Gillet (George Wyner) is waiting for him to collect unpaid alimony. Fletch gives Gillet the $1,000 cash bribe money that Stanwyk gave him earlier to make him leave. Fletch then goes to sleep and has a dream of being a major league basketball player playing for the Lakers and scoring a hoop. Fletch travels to Utah where he breaks into the realtor's office and discovers the deed lists the sale price as only $3,000. He barely escapes from the office while being chased by a guard dog. Meanwhile, LAPD Chief Jerry Karlin (Joe Don Baker) gets wind of Fletch's soon-to-be-published drug article. He sends two thuggish detectives to Fletch's apartment and they arrest him after they plant heroin on him. The two take Fletch to meet with Karlin, who tells Fletch he's jeopardizing the lives of undercover cops he's planted on the beach to bust the drug trade. When Fletch insults Karlin by smashing a picture of Karlin with Tommy Lasorda, Karlin threatens to shoot Fletch and place a switchblade in Fletch's dead hand to claim self-defense. Fletch tells Karlin he's going to work on another story about off-track betting in the Himalayas instead. Karlin is amused and lets Fletch go. Fletch finds out that Karlin had Fletch arrested at the request of Fletch's boss, who wants Fletch to stop investigating what he considers a ludicrous story about drug-dealing cops. When Fletch confronts his boss about the incident, Frank refuses to believe Fletch's story about Karlin's plan to kill him. Fletch storms off, angry but more determined than ever to break the story. Disguised as a redneck airplane mechanic, Fletch shows up at Stanwyk's plane hangar and learns from two mechanics that Stanwyk has been using the plane to travel back and forth between California and Brazil on a weekly basis for several months. Back at the tennis club, Fletch meets Gail at her cabana. He treats her to an expensive lunch which he charges to the credit account of a snooty and obnoxious club member, Underhill, whom Fletch'd overheard being abusive toward the staff. Fletch gives her a little information about the investigation but has to flee when Mr. Underhill shows up at Gail's door, demanding the several hundred dollars the lunch had cost. Fletch spies on Stanwyk making a suspicious briefcase exchange with Chief Karlin, but is unable to determine the nature of their relationship. He returns home to find LAPD officers lying in wait at his apartment and flees and manages to avoid being caught after a harrowing car chase when Fletch steals a Alfa Romeo from a young car thief and roars off, with several police cruisers and cycle officers in pursuit. He manages to stay ahead of them and is only able to shake them when he distracts them all at a lodge club dinner. Fletch returns to Provo to hide out and, under the guise of an insurance investigator, interviews Stanwyk's parents. Fletch discovers Stanwyk has been secretly married to another woman for eight years, having used Gail for her money. He returns to Beverly Hills and shares what he's found with Gail, who's very upset about her husband's bigamy. Fletch asks her not to call the police until he can confront her husband when he goes to their home to carry out the murder he'd originally been hired for. Fletch arrives at Stanwyk's mansion on the night of the plotted murder only to find Stanwyk armed and ready to kill him instead. In the trunk of Stanwyk's car Fletch finds several cans of gasoline. Fletch reveals he is aware Stanwyk's real plan was to fake his own death by killing Fletch and burning his body beyond recognition and dressing like Fletch himself, all detailed in a statement that Fletch's paper will print if Fletch doesn't report for work the next day. Stanwyk would then escape to Brazil with his other wife as well as Gail's $3 million. Stanwyk was also using his private jet to smuggle cocaine from South America to supply Chief Karlin who in turn profited by blackmailing ex-convicts like Fat Sam (George Wendt) to peddle drugs on the beaches. Chief Karlin unexpectedly shows up and, upon learning of Stanwyk's intentions to flee with $800,000 of the Chief's drug money, kills Stanwyk. Chief Karlin then turns the gun on Fletch but is knocked unconscious by Gail when she clubs him with a tennis racket. Some time later, Chief Karlin is indicted due to Fletch's investigation. Fletch begins dating Gail and in the final scene, takes her on a vacation to Rio, Brazil. Fletch jokes that he'd placed the expenses for the vacation on Underhill's credit account and offers the audience the number.
tt0104389
Drama,Thriller
Claire Bartel (Annabella Sciorra), her husband Michael (Matt McCoy), and their 6-year-old daughter Emma (Madeline Zima) live in a large house in Seattle, Washington. One sunny morning, there is a knock at the door. No one answers the door, because they're so busy that they don't hear the knocking. A few seconds later, Claire notices a black man at the kitchen window. This is the man who was knocking on the door, and Claire has been expecting him. The man is Solomon (Ernie Hudson), a mentally handicapped man who has been sent over by the Better Day Society, which finds jobs for the mentally challenged. Solomon was sent because Claire had asked for someone who could build a white picket fence for the house, and Solomon is the man for the job. Later that same day, Claire, who is three months pregnant, keeps an appointment with her new OB/GYN, Dr. Victor Mott (John de Lancie). This is Claire's first visit with Dr. Mott, because the doctor who delivered Emma has retired. Claire is called to an examination room, where a nurse tells her to take everything off and put on a robe that is opened in the front. After Claire does this, Dr. Mott enters the room and introduces himself to Claire, and he acknowledges that Claire's medical record says that she has chronic asthma. Dr. Mott starts the exam, doing the breast exam first, and when Dr. Mott starts doing the pelvic exam, he starts touching Claire in a way that she doesn't like. Frightened by that, a wheezing Claire gets out of there, and uses her inhalant to help her breathe better. (Note: Claire's severe chronic ashma is triggered by the slightest stress throughout the film). Claire then goes home and takes a shower, then she tells Michael what Dr. Mott did. Michael suggests filing a complaint against Dr. Mott, so Claire tells the state medical board what Dr. Mott did, and a week after Claire's visit with Dr. Mott, Dr. Mott is brought up on charges. By this time, four more women have accused Dr. Mott of the same thing he did to Claire. A few hours after Dr. Mott is brought up on charges, he grabs a gun at his home, puts the end of the barrel to his head, and pulls the trigger. On the next day, Claire and Michael read about Dr. Mott's suicide in the newspaper. Nine days later, in a meeting with lawyers, Dr. Mott's wife (Rebecca De Mornay) is told that his assets have been frozen by the state, which is normal procedure if the estate is probably going to be sued by a number of sources. Mrs. Mott, who is seven months pregnant, is free to stay in the Mott house until she gives birth to her baby, but that she may be made liable in the lawsuits. On her way out of the meeting, Mrs. Mott collapses and starts bleeding heavily. Mrs. Mott is rushed to the hospital, where she has a miscarriage. The baby was a boy. After an emergency hysterectomy, Mrs. Mott is in her hospital room, and she is watching the TV news, which says that Claire made the first accusation against Dr. Mott. Mrs. Mott stares at Claire's picture on the TV with an enraged look on her face. Mrs. Mott believes Claire is responsible for the deaths of Dr. Mott and her baby. Six months later. Solomon is still doing jobs for the Bartels, and he has become a friend to them. By this time, Claire has given birth to her baby, a boy named Joe (Eric Melander, Jennifer Melander, and Ashley Melander). The family's botanical garden is replacing its small greenhouses in the back yard, and Claire decides to see if she can get one of the frames so she can have her own small greenhouse. Michael wonders if Claire has been taking on too much lately, and he talks about hiring a nanny, a thought that Claire is not comfortable with. A few days later, Claire walks Emma outside and watches Emma get on a Puget Sound Elementary School bus. A few seconds after pulling away, the bus stops, and Mrs. Mott steps out from in front of it. Claire hurries to the bus and gives Emma a jacket that she forgot. Mrs. Mott asks Claire where the Bartels live, and Claire introduces herself, unaware that she's talking to Dr. Mott's widow. Mrs. Mott introduces herself as 'Peyton Flanders', and asks about the nanny position that the Bartels have offered. In the house, Claire interviews Peyton, then takes her upstairs to meet Joe, but before they get to the nursery, Solomon calls Claire outside. Peyton goes inside the nursery by herself, and meets Joe for the first time. Claire brings Solomon upstairs and introduces him to Peyton. After that, Solomon goes back downstairs. Claire then starts breast feeding Joe, and she invites Peyton to dinner. Later, when Peyton returns to the house for dinner, and she asks what Michael does for a living, Claire says that Michael is a genetic engineer at a place called Biotechnics. After the dinner, Claire and Michael decide to hire Peyton. Over the next few weeks, Peyton moves into a room in the basement, and spends some time settling in. One night, Peyton's alarm clock goes off at 3:00 am, and she goes to Joe's room, puts a pillow in Joe's crib, and starts breast-feeding Joe. On the next day, preparations for the new greenhouse continue. That night, Michael and Claire's friends Marlene Craven (Julianne Moore) and her husband Marty (Kevin Skousen) come over, because they'll all four be going out for dinner while Peyton stays home with Emma and Joe. After everyone leaves, Emma tells Peyton that before Michael met Claire, Marlene was Michael's girlfriend. Marlene and Michael grew up with each other. Emma also tells Peyton that at school, a bully named Roth (Justin Zaremby) has been terrorizing her. Later, Peyton breast-feeds Joe again. By this time, Joe is three months old. On the next day, Peyton heads to the school during recess and asks Emma which kid Roth is. Emma points to a boy in a blue and white shirt. Peyton, angry at Roth for terrorizing Emma, walks up to Roth and grabs him by the arm, pulling him into a well-deserved and very painful hold. While Peyton has Roth in this painful hold, Peyton furiously warns Roth that she'll tear his head off if he ever messes with Emma again. This has the rest of the kids laughing at Roth for a change, instead of Roth laughing at them all the time. On the next morning, Claire tries to breast feed Joe, but Joe resists, because he has secretly become used to Peyton breast-feeding him. As Michael goes to work, leaving a proposal for Claire to drop off at the Federal Express building, the greenhouse is delivered. Claire, Peyton, and Joe head to the botanical garden, where Claire has been a volunteer for about seven years. After talking to Clair, Peyton heads to the bathroom, gets out the proposal, which she secretly stole from Claire, and tears it up, then she grabs a plunger and angrily starts beating up the walls of the stall she's in. At the federal express building, they won't let Claire ship out what she thinks is the proposal. Stressed out, Claire is wheezing from another asthma attack as she returns to the car, and she tells Peyton that the proposal is missing from its pouch. Claire uses her inhalant, and that night, she tells Michael that the proposal disappeared. On the next morning, Claire tells Michael that Joe has, for the past couple of weeks, been refusing to breast feed, but the doctor said Joe will be okay as long as Joe gains weight. Peyton shows up at Michael's office while he's at work, and suggests that they throw Claire a surprise party for her birthday. Michael agrees, and he also likes the suggestion to let Marlene help. Later that day, Solomon is painting when he notices that Peyton is breast-feeding Joe. Peyton notices Solomon, and Solomon climbs down his ladder. Later, the school bus drops Emma off at the house, and after Emma goes inside, Peyton walks outside and confronts Solomon. Peyton slaps Solomon, and then she warns him not to mess with her or tell anyone what he saw. Solomon tells Peyton that he won't let her hurt the Bartels. A few days later, the Bartels surprise Solomon with a new bicycle. While Peyton and Claire are doing laundry, Peyton tells Claire that Solomon has been inappropriately touching Emma, but what Claire doesn't know is that Peyton is lying... Peyton wants Solomon out of the way because, despite being retarded, he knows too much. That night, Claire talks to Emma about Solomon to stay away from him. On the next day, Peyton tricks Claire into searching Solomon's toolbox for batteries, and Claire sees a pair of Emma's underwear in Solomon's toolbox. What Claire doesn't know is that Peyton planted the underwear in the toolbox. Solomon walks in and Claire hits him, starts wheezing, grabs Emma, and goes inside. Peyton gives Solomon an evil look as if to say that Solomon shouldn't have messed with her. Solomon is fired despite his protests of innocence and claims that Peyton set him up. Emma is devastated, because she knows Solomon never did anything to her, except be her friend. Claire refuses to belive Emma that Solomon abused her in any way. It clearly becomes obvious that Peyton is turning Emma against Claire, and Peyton, of course, is the only one who knows this. A few days later, Claire and Peyton take some boxes to the attic, where Claire mentions that Emma has been angry and guarded around Claire lately. A few days later, Peyton suggests to Michael that they prepare Claire's surprise birthday party. Later, Peyton tells Claire that she wonders why Michael is not home from work yet. What Claire doesn't know is that Michael and Marlene are working on plans for the birthday party. When Michael gets home, Claire grills him with a lot of questions. That night, Michael hears a noise and grabs a baseball bat, and then he goes to the kitchen where he sees Peyton picking ice up off the floor because she dropped an ice tray. Michael goes back to bed. On Claire's birthday, at Auditorium Cleaners, a dry-cleaning business, Claire finds evidence that leads her to go home and confront Michael, and she accuses Michael of having an affair with Marlene, unaware that Peyton planted the evidence. When Claire walks into the living room, she sees people assembled for the surprise birthday party, and Claire realizes that she was wrong to accuse Michael of cheating. Claire feels so guilty about the accusation, that she can't face Marlene, who overheard the accusation. Claire goes upstairs, where she breaks down in Michael's arms. Claire says that so many things have gone wrong since they hired Peyton, who overhears them discussing going away for a few days. A few hours later, at 4:45 am, Peyton gets up and rigs a booby trap the greenhouse to kill Claire by showering Claire with glass the next time Claire walks into the greenhouse. A few hours later, at Marlene's office, she notices something suspicious in a picture of Dr. Mott's house, which hasn't been sold. At the same time, Claire heads to the botanical garden, and Marlene looks over some back issues of a newspaper, and gets evidence that Peyton is Dr. Mott's widow. Marlene heads straight to the Bartel house with the intention of telling Claire what she has discovered. At the house, Marlene angrily wants to know where Claire is. Aware that Marlene on to her, Peyton tells Marlene that Claire is in the greenhouse, which is not true. Marlene goes out back to the greenhouse, where the booby trap causes the overhead frames to close shut which triggers a shower of glass that kills Marlene. After panicing for a minute over what to do next, Peyton then empties Claire's inhaler, so Claire won't recover from her next asthma attack. Later, Claire arrives home from the gardens while Peyton has Joe out for a walk. Claire goes to the greenhouse and sees Marlene's bloody body covered with glass impailed to her body. As expected, the sight causes Claire to have another severe asthma attack, which is the reason why Peyton emptied Claire's inhaler and left Marlene's body for Claire to see since sudden stress triggers Claire's asthma. When Claire goes inside, she tries to use her inhaler, which is useless because it's empty, and Claire grabs the phone and calls for help, then she collapses on the front porch. Claire is rushed to the hospital, and Marlene's body is removed from the greenhouse. At his apartment, Solomon is worried about the Bartels. At home, Peyton comes on to Michael, who turns her down. A few days later, Claire comes home from the hospital. In Joe's room, Claire notices that Peyton has put up some wall border with turtle designs on it. While going through some clothes in a hamper, Claire finds a piece of paper that says that Marlene called just before she was killed. Claire heads to Marlene's office, where she sees the picture of Dr. Mott's house. Claire then goes to Dr. Mott's house, where she sees the same wall border that's in Joe's room, with the turtle designs on it. It is where wher Claire sees a wedding photo of Dr. Mott with Peyton as his bride. Claire goes home, where she confronts Peyton, and she immediately punches Peyton in the face as hard as she can. Michael runs in after hearing the comotion where Claire tells him that Peyton is Dr. Mott's widow. With the gig up, Peyton finally reveals her true idenity ('Peyton Flanders' is actually her maiden name) and confesses that she set everything up to get hired as the nanny because wants revenge on Claire, because Peyton believes Claire is responsible for Dr. Mott's suicide and Peyton's miscarriage by reporting his sexual abuse of her. Peyton wants Claire to know how devastated this all made her feel, so Peyton has been trying to manipulate and take Michael, Emma, and Joe away from Claire so Peyton can have a family and leave Claire with nothing. Claire argues that Peyton has nobody to blame but her late unethical husband for sexually abusing Claire and all his other female patients that has led to all this in the first place. But the cleary warped Peyton continues to blame Claire for her husband's sucide and her miscarrage. When Michael asks Peyton what she would have done after suspecting or figuring out that her own husband was sexualy abusing his patients, Peyton replies that she would have protected her husband... clearly not caring about his crimes. Claire and Michael fire Peyton, and they force her to get out of the house immediately. After Peyton leaves, Claire then tells Michael to call the police, because she realizes that Peyton may have rigged the greenhouse to kill her instead of Marlene. Michael tells Claire to get Emma and Joe ready so the four of them can go to a hotel until Peyton is found. Michael apologizes to Claire about everything that has happened and how Peyton so easily fooled all of them. Michael even says that he even feels a little bit sorry for Peyton for the shock and stress of discovering her late husband's crimes and his suicide which has led to her miscarrage and her sanity breaking. Claire tells Michael that she thinks Peyton Mott was already insane and dangerously disturbed long before she ever met Dr. Mott because her indifference to her late husband's crimes suggests life-long untreated psychotic behavior. That same night, before they leave, Michael talks to the police on the phone to report Peyton and about the accusations of Marlene's death. After hanging up, Michael hears a noise coming from the basement. Michael goes downstairs and turns off Peyton's alarm clock, which is what was making the noise. When Michael reaches the top of the stairs on his way out of the basement, Peyton appears and hits Michael with a shovel, causing Michael to fall over the guardrail and land on the concrete floor below. Claire, who is upstairs with Emma, hears the noise of Peyton's attack on Michael. Claire goes out of the room and has Emma lock the room's door. Claire goes to the basement, where she finds Michael. Michael, who now has two broken legs, convinces Claire that he's okay, and then he tells Claire that Peyton is back in the house. Michael also tells Claire to call the police. Emma unlocks the door to the room she's in. Claire goes to the kitchen and picks up the phone. That's when Peyton appears and starts swinging the shovel at Claire. On the 8th swing, Peyton hits Claire on the head and knocks Claire out cold. Peyton goes upstairs and asks Emma where Joe is, because Peyton plans to leave town and take Emma and Joe with her. Emma points to Joe's room. Peyton goes inside of Joe's room, but doesn't see Joe. Thats when Emma shuts the room's door and locks it, trapping Peyton in the room. Emma then grabs Joe, and Peyton grabs a fireplace poker and uses it to break out of the room. Still carrying the poker, Peyton looks for Emma and Joe. Claire wakes up from being out cold. Peyton goes to the attic, where she sees Joe on a couch, and Solomon enters the attic through a window and grabs Joe to protect Joe from Peyton. Claire enters the attic with a large knife and attacks. Peyton swings the poker and knocks the knife out of Claire's hand, then she knocks Claire to the floor, and Claire starts wheezing from another ashma attack. Peyton angrily tells Solomon to hand the baby to her, but Solomon refuses. Peyton raises the poker to hit Solomon, and before Peyton can hit Solomon, Claire charges forward and slams Peyton against a wall and knocks Peyton to the floor, then slams Peyton's head against the floor two times. Peyton kicks Claire aside and grabs the poker, and just as Peyton is about to hit Claire with the poker, Solomon grabs Peyton's arm to stop her. Peyton pulls her arm free and hits Solomon two times with the poker. Claire charges forward again, and this time, she shoves Peyton through the attic window. Peyton falls downward, and she lands on the white picket fence below where she gets impaled on the wooden slat, killing her instantly. After the police arrive and remove Peyton's dead body, Claire and Michael welcome Solomon back into their lives.
tt1071880
Action,Crime,Drama
Inhabiting Liverpool's violent and seedy underworld, THE CREW follows a gang of hardened criminals out for that ever-tempting 'one last heist'. Stephen Graham is the scouse Joe Pesci! Puts the fear into you! Led by brothers Ged and Ratter, the gang's future hangs in the balance as Ged wants out of the criminal lifestyle while Ratter is keen to branch out into thethe more lucrative drugs trade. Knowing that he needs his brother in order to pull of the impending heist, Ratter goes along with Ged though he secretly plans to ditch him at the first opportunity. Ged, meanwhile, must summon all of his street smarts and killer instinct if he is to come out of this alive. Based on the novel OUTLAWS by Kevin Sampson, THE CREW is a typically gritty British thriller that shoots first and asks questions later.
tt0910554
Comedy,Sci-Fi
Three men walk into a bar; two geeks and a cynic. They are three ordinary blokes who all have dreams and hopes for an exciting and better future. They are stuck in boring jobs with no prospects. They are frustrated and life on the whole looks uneventful. They are about to sit down and have an average night out in their local pub, a few beers, a bit of banter and joking, and putting the world to rights. There is no reason to suspect anything unusual is going to happen. The first geek, Ray, has a well-known obsession with time travel, so when he is approached by Cassie, a woman who claims to be from the future, he naturally suspects a prank. The second geek, Toby, is obsessed with films, and upon hearing Ray's story of the woman from the future, naturally assumes that Ray is pitching him a film plot. And Pete, the cynic, naturally doesn't believe any of it, until he accidentally stumbles through a time leak into the future of the bar -- which happens to be full of dead people, including himself. This triggers the start of a series of accidental trips back and forth through time, during which our heroes frantically try to avoid multiple earlier versions of themselves, to avoid creating a time paradox, in an attempt to unravel the mystery of just who is trying to kill them and why. When Ray and Cassie get together in the garden and the world spins back on its axis, everything is back to how it should be. Or is it? When Ray mentions the other woman he met in the bar, Millie, to Cassie all hell breaks loose... Serious questions are raised, such as; exactly what are the golden rules of time travel? What exactly is a paradox? And what's really so bad about ceasing to exist? Whose round is it? Is the sell-by date on a packet of crisps really that important? And most importantly of all, can Ray get it on with Cassie, the woman from the future? British comedians Chris ODowd, Marc Wootton and Dean Lennox Kelly star with Anna Faris for Gareth Carrivick, making his feature directorial debut with a script from first time feature writer Jamie Mathieson.
tt0109456
Mystery,Romance,Thriller
Bill Capa (Bruce Willis) is psychoanalyst to the rich and unhinged in New York City. One day, Michelle (Kathleen Wilhoite), one of his most disturbed patients, arrives to her therapy session in a particularly fragile state of mind. Bill seems to make light of her problems, and when he flippantly tells her to "look in the mirror," and starts making a phone call in the middle of their session, she reacts by jumping out of the window of his office and falling to her death. The sight of Michelle's blood pooling, dark red around her bright green dress, causes Capa to suffer from stress-induced color blindness. He loses the ability to see the color red. The title of the film refers to the fact that, instead of red, he sees only shades of gray. His friend and mentor, Dr. Larry Ashland (Jeff Corey), urges Bill to forgive himself for his patient's death. Bill tells Larry that he's going to take some time off to visit an old college buddy in California and see if that helps give him a fresh start. Upon arriving in Los Angeles, Bill's friend, fellow therapist and best-selling author Dr. Bob Moore (Scott Bakula) invites him to join his Monday evening group therapy session. A bit reluctantly, Bill accepts, and meets the members of the group. Clark (Brad Dourif) suffers from obsessive compulsive disorder and insists on cleanliness and counting things. Sondra (Lesley Ann Warren) is a nymphomaniac and a kleptomaniac with a habit of marrying wealthy older men who die. Buck (Lance Henriksen) is a salty ex-cop who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder after surviving the brutal murder of his wife and daughter. Casey (Kevin J. O'Connor) is a sado-masochist whose wealthy, abusive father subsidizes his artistic lifestyle on condition that he remain in therapy. Richie Dexter is a sixteen-year-old boy with a stutter and a gender identity problem, who has had run-ins with the law for drugs. The patients tease each other playfully, exhibiting an easy rapport, and yet the tension generated by some of their interactions hints at a dark side in each of them. After the session, Bob drives Bill to his luxurious Malibu home in his Mercedes convertible. The house is heavily protected by all sorts of electronic devices, because Bob has had some anonymous death threats, which he believes come from someone in the Monday group Bill just met. Bob quizzes Bill about his impressions of his patients-- he had hoped Bill could use his "tuning fork," a special intuitive sense he has for diagnosing mental illness, to determine which of them might be capable of murder. Bill wonders what Buck might be hiding and singles out Richie as a "genuine nut-case," but didn't detect a murderous vibe emanating from anyone. A couple of days later, Moore is stabbed to death in his office by a masked figure in black. Police Detective Lieutenant Hector Martinez (Rubén Blades) suspects one of the patients of the Monday group to be the killer and he asks Capa to inform the group of Moore's death. Capa doesn't want to get involved but agrees to break the news because he can do it with more sensitivity and tact than Martinez would use. The next day, as Bill is driving Moore's car, he gets rear-ended by a pretty young girl in a jeep. She introduces herself as Rose (Jane March). As Rose has no driver's insurance, Bill gives her his phone number and address so they can settle the matter later. Next Monday evening, Bill tells the group about Bob's death. They're shocked and devastated, and ask Bill if he'd be willing to take over the Monday evening sessions because they feel comfortable with him, especially after he shares his own recent, tragic experience. Martinez debriefs Capa about the last Monday night session. Since no one confessed to Bob's murder, Martinez orders Capa to shut the group down. Capa refuses, as he's just made both a personal and professional commitment to lead the group. Martinez rages at Capa but can't persuade him to abandon the group. He then reveals that he wired Bob's office and listened in on the last session. Capa returns to Bob's place to find that someone has broken in and left a hose running inside of the house, flooding the grounds. A couple of days later, Rose comes to Moore's house and, feeling a budding attraction, Capa takes her to a restaurant. After dinner, on the sidewalk near the restaurant, they kiss, but Rose leaves abruptly in a taxi, without even giving her phone number to Capa. Dale Dexter (Andrew Lowery), Richie's older brother and legal guardian, asks Bill for permission to take Richie out of therapy. Bill reminds Dale that, psychological issues aside, Richie was sentenced by the court to mandatory treatment-- Bill says that he will need to study Richie's file and deal with legal red tape before he can make that kind of decision. One morning while he is out jogging, Bill finds a live rattlesnake in his mailbox. Fortunately for him, he gets rid of it without being bitten. Martinez comes by and demands more answers, insinuating that Bill is now a suspect. Rose shows up shortly afterwards and since it's their second date, they immediately have sex, first in the swimming-pool, and then in Moore's fancy bedroom (and a few more places in the director's cut). Bill inquires within the social welfare system about Richie, and discovers that, when Richie was twelve, he was treated by a psychiatrist named Dr. Niedelmeyer. Meanwhile, we see Sondra return home after a shopping spree with her girlfriend Bonnie. Bonnie, who speaks with an english accent and flirts aggressively with Sondra, turns out to be Rose, Capa's lover, in a red wig and heavy make-up. Bonnie / Rose pitches a fit when Sondra tells her that Capa's on his way, then kisses Sondra on the mouth and rushes past Capa to make a quick exit. Sondra reveals to Capa that Richie was molested as a child but becomes incensed when he asks her if Richie might be violent. She screams that Clark is the one Capa should investigate. After Capa leaves, Sondra has sex with her personal trainer, a beautiful young male. Bill goes to Dale's workshop. Dale is a successful sculptor and furniture designer. The workshop itself is an old, disused iron factory that boasts a tower several storeys high. Bill tells Dale that he thinks it is a bit premature to take Richie out of therapy, which clearly doesn't sit well with Dale. Bill pays a visit to Edith Niedelmeyer (Shirley Knight), Dr. Niedelmeyer's widow, but, when he mentions Richie, she slams her door in his face. Another Monday rolls around. Bill asks the group about their current intimate relationships. Sondra tells the group about Bonnie, whom she wishes "was a guy," Casey mentions his beautiful new model, Buck describes the sweet and innocent young woman he has met. Richie says that he only has his brother. Clark, baited by Sondra, has a meltdown in group during which he admits that he, too, has a new "somebody" in his life. Bill checks on Clark who tells him more about this perfect new girlfriend of his. Bill guesses that Clark has been seeing Sondra, and Clark goes on to say that Sondra was so jealous of his girlfriend that she attacked Clark with a butcher knife and then came back the next day and hacked his girlfriend's dress to ribbons. Clark states that Sondra is dangerous. After leaving Clark, Bill is driving around Los Angeles when a mysterious red Camaro with tinted windows gives chase. After his car gets hit several times by the red car, he finally manages to lose it at a railroad crossing. Bill visits Martinez at his birthday party. Martinez informs Bill that Sondra stabbed her father with a knife and fork, Casey set his father's house on fire, Clark beat his wife so badly she wound up in intensive care and Richie has a history of drug abuse. Martinez claims that he couldn't find anything on Buck, so Bill swings by Buck's place after the party and discovers that his wife and small daughter died in a car-jacking, which Buck believes might've been "payback for something." When Bill gets back to Bob's house, he's frightened to see that someone's broken in again. He creeps around cautiously until he encounters Rose in the kitchen. She explains that she stole one of the house keys last time she was there. Bill yells at Rose that she doesn't seem to appreciate the gravity of the situation, but feels bad when she breaks down in tears. They eat and then have sex again. The next morning, Bill learns from Detective Anderson (Eriq La Salle), one of Martinez's deputies, that Buck discovered that his wife was cheating on him with Martinez two days before she died; that as veteran narcotics agents, both men had a lot of enemies on the street, and that anyone could have ordered a hit on Buck's wife, including Martinez or Buck himself. Bill has an appointment to meet Casey at his loft, but just before Bill arrives, Casey is strangled and bled to death. Bill breaks into Casey's loft when no one answers the bell. He finds the corpse and also some paintings burning in the fireplace. A face on one of the half-burnt paintings looks a bit like Bonnie. Bill belatedly notices that the puddle of grey paint soaking his jeans is actually Casey's blood. Meanwhile, Rose (in her Bonnie persona) is out for the evening with Sondra. At Sondra's house, they dance to some music and then spy Sondra's neighbors having sex. This excites the two women and they undress and make out with each other. But Rose / Bonnie stops before it goes any further, sobbing to Sondra that she's "jinxed." Sondra comforts Rose / Bonnie and tells her that she finds her beautiful without the red wig, which she removes. On another Monday afternoon, Rose appears at Bob's place. She and Bill start looking at Bob's photo albums. Rose abruptly decides that she doesn't want to see any more photos and lures Bill outside to sunbathe in the garden. Later, thinking Bill's in the shower, Rose hurries to remove some pictures from the photo album, but Bill sees her. She runs out of the house and drives away in her car. Bill drives after her, but loses her. Later that evening, it's time for the Monday group session. Clark, performing his usual counting ritual, notices that one book, which was missing a week before, is now back in place. Bill guesses that kleptomaniac Sondra stole it, and asks her to show him the book. Actually it is Moore's diary hidden inside an art book cover. In the diary, Bill finds a photo Bob snapped of Rose naked. Everyone in the group recognizes the woman in the photo as being his or her own girlfriend. Richie looks at the picture and leaves the room. Martinez arrives and berates everyone in the group for being idiots. Bill gives Detective Anderson the license number of Rose's car and asks him to find the owner of the car. Detective Anderson gives the name of the owner of Rose's car to his boss, Lieutenant Martinez. As Bill walks near a parking structure, the red car with the tinted windows pushes another car from the top of the structure, and the falling car misses Bill by a few inches. Bill consults once more with his friend Larry, who questions the wisdom of pursuing a serious relationship with a woman who at best suffers from a multiple personality disorder and could also quite possibly have killed his good friend (and her former lover) Bob Moore, as well as Casey. Bill maintains that he wants to continue to see young Rose. Bill knocks on Mrs. Niedelmeyer's door again and this time when she slams it in his face, he busts it down, demanding answers. Mrs. Niedelmeyer reluctantly tells Bill that Richie Dexter killed himself four years ago, because her husband, Richie's psychiatrist, molested him. Bill rushes to Dale's workshop, where he finds Richie sitting in a chair, bloodied and agitated. He takes off Richie's wig and glasses, and (as everyone expected) is it Rose. She explains that after Richie's suicide, her brother Dale forced her to dress and act like Richie, and if she resisted, he would beat and molest her. After "Richie" developed a bad drug problem that got him busted, s/he had to go to the therapy group. She started to feel she wanted to be a girl again, but she didn't dare, at first, to be Rose, so she was Bonnie. She started to be Rose again when she fell in love with Bill. When Bill tries to get Rose to leave with him, he discovers that her hands have been nailed to the arm-rests of the chair by Dale. He pries the nails up and frees Rose, but Dale comes back and starts shooting at them with his nail-gun. He nails Bill's arm to the wall and is about to kill him when Lt. Martinez appears and points his gun at him. Dale is faster than Martinez and while Martinez is bragging about his detective skills, he nails both of Martinez's hands to the wall. Bill and Rose run away, but Dale, using a forklift, dumps a cabinet on Bill, who pushes Rose out of the way. Rose escapes, but Dale catches Bill and ties him inside a metal cage. Bill touches a nerve in Dale when he uses his "tuning fork" to figure out that Dale's obsession with turning Rose into Richie must stem from his guilt over having allowed Niedelmeyer to treat Richie, knowing that Niedelmeyer was a sexual predator due to the fact that Niedelmeyer had previously molested Dale himself. Dale explains to the captive Bill that he killed Moore because Moore was beginning to understand who Richie really was. And he killed Casey because Casey, with his painter's eyes, would eventually perceive that "Bonnie" and "Richie" were the same person. Dale announces his plan to cut Bill into little pieces, but Rose aims the nail-gun at him and kills him with a nail to the head. Stricken with grief after killing her brother, Rose aims the nail gun at her own head and pulls the trigger-- fortunately, it's out of nails. She runs up the tower in the pouring rain, Bill clambering up after her. When she reaches the platform at the top, she wants to throw herself from it, but Bill catches her and puts her back on the platform, where they start kissing passionately. There is a red beacon flashing in the background and suddenly, Bill can see the real red color of the beacon: he has been cured of his color-blindness by love! In the final shot, Bill and Rose continue to kiss on the platform in the pouring rain while Martinez's voice manages to reach them loud and clear despite the fact that they're five storeys up in a torrential rainstorm-- he pleads for them to come back downstairs and "Get me out of heeeeeeerrrrre!!!"
tt0775529
Comedy,Drama
In sunny Arizona, elderly Lenny gets mad at his girlfriend's home health care aide and writes in feces on his bathroom wall. Lenny's daughter Wendy works as a temp in New York City and is an aspiring playwright. Her married boyfriend Larry comes by and she lies that she's had an abnormal pap smear. Wendy calls her brother Jon in Buffalo after hearing about their father's behavior. She is quite upset, but Jon, a drama professor, does not want to deal with it. Lenny's girlfriend suddenly dies in the middle of a manicure, and Wendy and Jon meet in Arizona. They are surprised to learn that their father has been placed in a hospital on the advice of his girlfriend's children, who no longer want him living in her house, based on a non-marital legal agreement. The siblings visit their father, who is quite angry they have taken two days to see him. A doctor explains to them that Lenny has dementia indicative of Parkinson's Disease. Wendy and Jon go to a nightclub to discuss what to do about Lenny. He insists that they find a nursing home; she is reluctant but doesn't know what else to do. Later that night at a hotel, Wendy overhears Jon in a phone call with his girlfriend Kasia, crying about their breakup. Jon leaves early the next morning. Wendy goes to retrieve Lenny's items from the house, which is already being sold. Back at the hotel, Wendy goes through her father's memorabilia. Jon calls from Buffalo to tell her that he's found a nursing home for Lenny. Wendy picks up Lenny at the hospital, and then endeavors to get him on a plane. In flight, she helps him to the bathroom, but his pants fall down in the aisle. Jon picks them up at the Buffalo airport and takes them to the nursing home, which is designated a "rehabilitation center" and looks like a hospital. After they leave Lenny in his new room, Wendy gets upset that he no longer knows where he is, and tells Jon she feels horrible. Jon brings Wendy to his house, which is filled with his academic research. Jon reassures Wendy that they are taking better care of their father than he ever took care of them. That night, Wendy explores the literature and videos that Jon compiled on nursing homes. Wendy and Jon go over paperwork with the home administrator, who already wants to know their plans for Lenny's funeral and burial. The siblings take Lenny to a diner to discuss his health care directives. Lenny is confused because he thinks he's been staying in a hotel, but angrily tells them to "pull the plug" if needed. Wendy is surprised to find Kasia at the house, who is returning to Poland the next day. He cries the next morning when Kasia makes him eggs for breakfast. Then he drives her to the airport. While playing tennis with Wendy, Jon injures his neck. He later needs her to help him with traction support at home, which he has used before. Jon asks her to stay in Buffalo through Thanksgiving to help with Lenny, and they argue about who has more important work. Wendy announces that she has won a Guggenheim fellowship that will fund her playwriting, much to Jon's surprise. He suggests they spend the holidays together and write, since he has been trying to finish a book on Bertolt Brecht. Wendy calls Larry back in New York, who is caring for her cat. She becomes dismayed and hangs up on him. The siblings go to a workshop on eldercare at the nursing home. They later attend a screening of The Jazz Singer that Lenny has requested. He becomes convinced that he is the protagonist and gets angry for a moment. Jon reassures his father, but he and Wendy are embarrassed by the racism of the movie. They take Lenny to a nicer nursing home for an interview, but he has trouble with basic questions. Afterward, Jon gets upset with Wendy for denying the impending death of their father. Wendy visits Lenny at the home and brings him a lava lamp. Larry comes to visit Wendy, bringing her cat. They drive around Buffalo, which Larry has never visited before, and go to Niagara Falls. They go to a hotel to have sex, but Wendy gets upset about their situation, claiming that he is going through a typical midlife crisis. He claims that she is the one with a problem. Wendy angrily leaves Larry when he drops her off at the home, where she finds Jon watching television with Lenny. She gets upset when she finds that his special pillow has been taken by a woman patient, and she takes it back. When she tries to return it to Lenny, he does not know who she is. Wendy goes outside and meets a male nurse named Jimmy, with whom she smokes. He invites her to his van to get out of the cold. She mentions that her mother is "out of the picture," and talks about her playwriting. Jimmy explains that her father's toes have not begun to curl, which is a sign of death within a few days (from air leaving the body), so he has some time yet to live. Wendy goes back to Lenny's room and looks at his toes, which are not curled. The siblings take Lenny out for Christmas shopping. Jon has discovered that Wendy did not receive the Guggenheim fellowship and she gets mad at him for investigating. On the drive back to the home, the two argue about who is more talented, while Lenny turns down his hearing aid and tunes them out. Wendy confesses to Jon that she got money from FEMA due to losing work after 9/11. He laughs at her. Back at the home, Lenny's toes begin to curl. Not knowing this, Wendy goes to the home to get her cat, where she is impressed that Jimmy has read her play. After a moment, she lunges forward and kisses him. She immediately apologizes, and he explains that he has a girlfriend. During a lecture on Brecht, Jon gets a call, and is visibly upset. The siblings go to the home, where Lenny has taken a bad turn. They spend the night, and the next morning Wendy awakes, touches her father's hand, and realizes he has died. She wakes up Jon, cries, looks at Lenny, and says, "That's it." They later gather his things from the home. Wendy returns to New York. Larry drops by her apartment with flowers. He tells Wendy that he needs to euthanize his old dog because her hips and legs have gone bad. Wendy hugs him, then he leaves. Six months later, Wendy meets Jon at a small theater, where she is mounting a play that re-enacts a scene of Lenny beating him as a child. He cries. On the way out, Jon tells her he is going to a conference in Poland to meet Kasia's "people." Wendy goes for a jog. Behind her is Larry's dog, following along with the assistance of a wheeled device.
tt0479528
Action,Adventure,Drama
While carrying out his research as a travel journalist, cynical American Pete McKell joins a group of tourists on a crocodile watching river cruise in Kakadu National Park of Australia's Northern Territory. Among the other passengers are a photographer named Simon, a local Australian family of Elizabeth, Sherry, and Allen, a local couple named Gwen and Russell, an American couple named Mary Ellen and Everett, local tour guide Kate Ryan, and Kevin, her dog. After a run-in with two locals, Neil and Collin, the cruise winds to a close and Kate prepares to return the group to base. Everett spots a flare in the distance, and Kate tells the group that they must investigate to determine whether someone is in distress. A few miles up river, they come across a half-sunken boat when suddenly something crashes into the tourists' boat, creating a crack in the side. Kate's only choice is to run it ashore on a small island in the middle of the river. The group disembarks and begins discussion of what to do. Everett suddenly disappears, pulled into the water by an unseen predator. Kate comes to the conclusion that they are in the heart of a large crocodile's territory and that it will be more aggressive than usual. As the afternoon wears on, the tourists realize that the tide is rising: in a matter of hours their small island will be submerged. Neil and Collin arrive soon after and as they near the island, the 25-foot long crocodile smashes Neil and Collin's boat and sinks it. Neil manages to swim to the island safely, but Collin has disappeared. As night falls, Neil proposes that he swim to the mainland and string a rope between two trees, creating a zip-line to allow the group to cross above the river. Neil succeeds in setting up the rope and Mary Ellen crosses first only to freeze in fear halfway across. Allen becomes impatient and aggressive and attempts to get himself and Sherry across with Mary Ellen still on the line. While trying to secure the rope, Neil is attacked by the crocodile and gets eaten alive. The tree holding the rope snaps and the three on the line fall into the water. They scurry back to the island, but as Allen crawls up the beach, the gigantic crocodile suddenly lunges out of the water and throws him further into the river where he is also eaten alive. Later that night, Pete suggests they can delay the croc with a hook and bait on one side of the island while everyone escapes off the other side. Kate hooks two dead birds onto the boat's anchor while Pete secures the anchor rope to a boulder and throws the bait out into the river. After a long wait, the anchor is suddenly grabbed and pulled and the entire group jumps into the water and makes a break for the far shore. Pete tries to stop the boulder from being pulled over as Kate swims across behind the group. The croc suddenly lets go of the hook and bait, seizes Kate, and drags her underwater. Pete hurriedly makes the swim across the river with the dog Kevin in tow, and heads off into the bush to meet up with the others. As day breaks, Pete is crossing a stream when Kevin runs away. Pete chases the dog into a cave and falls down a narrow chute into a larger cave, where he sees Neil's partly eaten corpse. He quickly realizes that the cave is the crocodile's lair, and to his surprise, he finds Kate who is still alive but badly injured and unconscious with her part of her left leg and right arm missing having been eaten. He attempts to carry her out but has to hide when he hears the crocodile eating Kevin outside the cave. The huge crocodile then slowly enters the cave, laying down, and going to sleep. Trying to reach the entrance carrying Kate, Pete accidentally wakes the crocodile and it makes several attempts to devour both him and Kate as he retreats into the narrow confines of the cave. Finally, after a long fight in which he gets tossed around and is bitten in the hand, Pete makes one last stand. He braces a broken log against a large boulder with the sharp end pointing out towards the croc. The croc lunges at him, and Pete successfully impales it through the head killing it. He escapes from the cave with Kate to join the other tourists and waiting paramedics. As the credits roll, the camera zooms in on a newspaper article detailing Pete's heroic battle with the croc and rescue of Kate.
tt0109446
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Mark Sway (Brad Renfro), his mother (Mary-Louise Parker), and his younger brother (David Speck) live in a small trailer in Memphis, Tennessee. Mark, a young, street-smart kid, distracts his mother and steals two cigarettes from her purse while she rushes to get ready for her blue-collar job. After she leaves, Mark and Ricky play in the woods and Mark teaches Ricky to smoke. When they hear a car coming, they panic. They throw the cigarettes down and hide behind some bushes. A big man gets out of the car, runs a hose from the tailpipe into the window, and gets back in the car. Mark figures out he's trying to kill himself, tells his terrified brother to stay put. Mark pulls the hose from the tailpipe. When the man realizes that something is wrong, he gets out and replaces the hose in the tailpipe. Mark tries to remove it again but the drunk man catches him, hits him and throws him in his car. The man tells Mark that since he's so nosy, they should die together. The man says he is Jerome Clifford, Attorney at Law. But he says that since they're both pretty tight to just call him "Romy." As he's talking, Mark notices a gun lying between them. Mark asks Jerome why hes trying to kill himself. He responds that if he doesn't kill himself, his client Barry 'The Blade' Muldano will because Jerome knows where the body of Boyd Boyett, a man The Blade killed, is buried. He tells Mark where it is, but we can't hear what he says. He says the body is still there and no one will ever find it. Mark suddenly picks up the gun and points it at Jerome. Jerome encourages Mark to pull the trigger, but Jerome can't do it. Jerome takes the gun away and says "let's see if it works." He shoots the gun near Mark's head and Mark escapes from the car. He takes Ricky and runs as Jerome chases after them, yelling, "If The Blade finds out what you know, he's going to kill you anyway." He stops, puts the gun in his mouth, and pulls the trigger. Ricky sees the entire act and is severely traumatized. Mark takes Ricky home and returns to the scene. Mark watches from hiding while the police remove Jerome's body away but they discover him. Sergeant Hardy (Will Patton) brings Mark home where his mother is trying to get Ricky to respond, but Ricky won't talk. She asks Mark what happened. Mark says he and Ricky discovered Jerome dead with the gun in his mouth and that Ricky hasn't talked since. Sergeant Hardy returns and takes Mark to the hospital, asking him questions on the way. He asks Mark if he is telling the truth, and then asks him if the name Jerome Clifford means anything to him. Mark says no. The officer says that he found two cigarettes near the scene, the same brand his mother smokes. Mark tells the officer that he was walking through the woods when he found Romy dead. Hardy asks who Romy is. He says the only name he used was Jerome Clifford. We then see a Reverend Roy Foltrigg (Tommy Lee Jones) watching the story on the news. Roy also happens to be the D.A. in the case for Senator Boyd Boyett's murder and is running for governor. Without Boyd Boyett's body and Jerome dead, Mr. Foltrigg has no case. Back at the hospital, Sergeant Hardy gives Mark a Sprite. He says he thinks Mark is lying and that Mark was in Jerome's car. He even teases him for being so poor and tries to scare him by saying if he doesn't tell the truth, Ricky could end up in a dumpy institution with snakes and bugs. A nurse interrupts and takes Mark to Ricky's room. The doctor says Ricky has post traumatic stress disorder and is in a coma. As he continues to talk, Mark sees Sergeant Hardy putting Marks Sprite can in a plastic bag. Mark runs after him, but the officer is already in the elevator, smirking. Mark wanders into a waiting room, where he finds a flier for a law firm on the ground. Back with Roy Foltrigg, his people are telling him Marks story and they don't believe it because they found Marks fingerprints all over the car. Roy deduces that Jerome must have told Mark where the body is and that's why he's lying. He demands to speak with Mark right away. Mark goes to the law firm in his flier and finds lawyer Regina "Reggie" Love (Susan Sarandon). Hes reluctant to have her represent him before he has to talk with the FBI and Mr. Foltrigg because shes a woman, but shes interested in his case because she has a grudge against Roy. He says he doesn't know why hes being harassed just because he saw some sweaty, fat guy commit suicide. Reggie asks why he lied to the police and told them he just found Jerome. He says he didn't lie and Reggie tells him that dead men don't sweat. He admits that he did see Jerome alive before he killed himself, but doesn't tell her he talked to him. Reggie agrees to take his case and Mark pays her a dollar. Meanwhile in New Orleans, The Blade is getting scolded by his boss, Uncle Johnny for telling Jerome too much and says the kids might know too much now as well. So he tells The Blade to move the body just in case. Not able to trust Barry, Uncle Johnny sends another hit man, Rocky, to "take care of" the kids. Back with Mark, Roy and his people are interrogating Mark. He asks if he needs a lawyer before talking to him and they tell him no. He gives them the run around until Roy flat out asks him about the body, and to that Mark demands to go the the bathroom. Eventually, Reggie returns, accusing them of unlawful interrogation, which they deny, but Reggie plays a tape of their conversation, catching them all in a lie. Roy insists that he has proof Mark is lying and was in the car with Jerome, but Reggie accuses him of hypocrisy. When Reggie leaves, she begins speaking with Marks mother, who begins telling Reggie about her dreams and how all she ever wanted was a white house and walk-in closet. Later, Reggie is trying to get the truth out of Mark. But Mark insists he was not in Jerome's car. Reggie eventually leaves Mark in the waiting room, where a man hired by Rocky to get close to Mark gives Mark candy and begins to talk with him, prying for information. Mark notices something isn't right and leaves. Late that night, Mark goes to get something to eat, but is held at knife point by Rocky in the elevator. Rocky threatens Mark not to talk to the FBI or hell be killed. The next day, Mark goes to Reggie and refuses to talk to the FBI. Before Reggie can say much shes notified that Roy and the FBI are on their way. Mark hides while Reggie talks to them. They have proof that Marks story is not true. This flusters Reggie but she manages to stay calm by pointing out that they illegally obtained evidence and shell expose Mr. Foltrigg if they go near Mark again. His illegal actions wouldn't look good for a man running for governor of Louisiana. Mr. Foltrigg reveals that Reggie was once in rehab; this shocks Mark. Reggie manages to get rid of them and, infuriated, confronts Mark about his lies. Mark accuses her of being the liar, fires her, and storms out. She follows him and he jumps in her car upon seeing the media circus outside of the hospital. Reggie goes to her house, but Mark demands to be taken back the hospital. Reggie refuses to take him anywhere until he tells her the truth. He declines and tries, in vain, to hitchhike. A car drives up, but Mark sees that its the man he didnt feel right about in the waiting room. Afraid, he runs to Reggie's house. Hes angry at first, but Reggie gets him to talk to her. Mark reveals that his father used to get drunk and beat him and his mother which is why he was so mad when he found out about Reggie's past. Reggie begins talking about her children and ex-husband until Mark feels comfortable enough to tell her the whole truth, including Rocky's threat. Reggie, alarmed, begins to call to get Mark someplace safe. Outside, Rocky and two other hit men talk about going in, killing Reggie and kidnapping Mark. One of them has an idea and they burn Marks trailer as a warning instead. Marks mother hears the news at the hospital and, having lost her job as well, is devastated. She yells at Reggie and tells her Mark already has a mother and kicks her out of the room. After Reggie leaves the police come to take Mark into custody until he talks to the FBI. In custody, Mark asks for a phone to call his mother, and prank orders pizzas to the police department. Meanwhile Reggie is trying to get Mark out. She talks to a friend of hers about getting Mark to talk only if he and his family can get into the Witness Protection Program afterwards. Shes frustrated when they cant guarantee it to her, but gets Mark out to talk anyway. Mark says whatever he does he could get killed anyway and she cant let them ask any questions. She cant promise him anything but says he cant lie if they do get him on the stand. In court, Roy and the FBI brow beat Mark to talk but Reggie diverts them any way she can. Eventually they get Mark on the stand and struggle to get information, but he eventually pleads the fifth and decides he'd rather go back to jail until everything is sorted out than risk he and his family's life. Meanwhile The Blade is meeting with Uncle Johnny and they decide Mark has gotten too close to talking and he must be killed. Back at the jail, Mark is found on the ground, barely conscious, soaked in sweat, and heart beating extremely rapidly. They rush him to the hospital where he escapes from his gurney, only to find that Rocky has followed him there. A chase between Mark and Rocky ensues, but Mark manages to get away. He calls Reggie's home and tells her he faked a post traumatic stress attack in order to escape from jail. Reggie says shes coming to pick him up. Reggie manages to sneak Mark in her car and Mark says hes thinking about Witness Protection now. But Jerome was drunk so the body may not be where he said. Reggie says they have to know where the body is before Mark gets any protection. Mark convinces Reggie they have to go to New Orleans and make sure the body is where Romy said it was, under Romy's own boat in Romy's boat house. Reggie is very reluctant, but agrees. Meanwhile, The Blade is asking Uncle Johnny once again for permission to move the body now that Mark has escaped. Uncle Johnny agrees but says this is The Blades last chance. Reggie calls her brother from a hotel in New Orleans to tell him what shes up to, unaware that Mr. Foltrigg is tracking her call. They go after her. Later, Reggie and Mark find Romy's boat house which is located next to some rather paranoid and security-ridden neighbors. Mark manages to crawl through a high window into the boat house, leaving Reggie behind at the bottom. Little do they know that The Blade and Rocky have arrived at the same place. The hit men make their way into the boat house, while Mark hurriedly hides in Romy's covered boat. To get the body, the men raise the boat up. Reggie, scared for Mark climbs quietly to the open window to see if hes okay. Mark looks down from under the cover while the men uncover the body. Reggie gets Marks attention and begs him to sneak back out through the window. After a while, he sees the body and finally tries to climb up to the window where Reggie pulls him through. They make a noise, which The Blade hears, and when he looks up he sees Reggie and Mark looking trying to escape. They run and The Blade goes after them. He eventually catches Reggie and his gun goes flying in the struggle. Reggie tells Mark to run, but Mark picks up the gun and tells The Blade to let Reggie go. He holds The Blade at gunpoint, seriously considering shooting him, but Reggie convinces Mark to hand the gun over to her. The Blade teases Reggie saying she doesn't have the guts and should have let Mark shoot. Reggie scoffs and instead shoots a security box on the neighbors house, setting off alarms. The neighbors come out making a fuss, and Mark and Reggie get away while the neighbors shoot at The Blade and the other hit men. The hit men shoot back at the neighbors, who retreat. And the hit men leave before the police can arrive. Mark goes back to the boat house to find the garbage bag that's supposed to contain Boyd Boyett's body. He opens it to see if hes in there, and is assaulted with the sight of maggots, an awful smell, and the body. The next day, Reggie meets with Roy in a New Orleans diner. Roy is anxious to find out the whereabouts of the body, but Reggie will only tell him if he meets the conditions she wants of Mark and his family's Witness Protection Program first. She tells him she wants Marks mother to have some starting out money to have a nice little house. White, with a walk-in closet. Back with the hit men, Uncle Johnny makes it clear that the Blade is to be killed for screwing up his last chance so royally. Finally, back with the Sways, Ricky is airlifted to another hospital in a different location while Mark decides he wants them to be relocated to Phoenix. His mother agrees. She signs the papers and they start to get on the plane, until Mark sees Reggie again. He asks if she can come with them, but she says when entering Witness Protection he has to sever all ties with anyone back home. Mark will never see Reggie again. He gives her a hug and tells her he loves her, and she tells him the same. But before Mark gets on the plane, he turns to Reggie, smiles and says, "I'll call you." Reggie can do nothing but laugh. Immediately after the Sways take off, the FBI surround Reggie and she exasperatedly tells them where the body is. Roy, smiling, reminds Reggie that she should have included immunity from her illegal actions, but Reggie produces the tape of HIS illegal actions. They both silently agree to keep quiet. After Roy leaves, Reggie sees Marks plane disappearing as he and his family leave Louisiana forever, safely.
tt0107050
Comedy,Drama,Romance
John and Max are elderly neighbors in a cold Minnesota town. They both live alone in their homes since their wives have died, and exchange stories about how their friends are now dying when they are not busy insulting each other. They have a contemptuous rivalry that goes back over 50 years. A very attractive woman named Ariel, who is a little younger than them, moves in across the street during the days before Thanksgiving. She is so adventurous that she rides a snowmobile on the streets at night. Johns daughter Melanie has a baby girl but is separating from her husband. Maxs son Jacob is running for mayor of their town. Melanie and Jacob have an ongoing flirtation with each other. John is trying to evade the IRS, to whom he owes back taxes. One night he thinks the IRS has come for him, so he jumps out his bedroom window, and Ariel surprisingly shows up, asking to use his bathroom for no particular reason. She discloses that she has been watching how John and Max both ogle her. The next day, John tries to convince Max that his visit from Ariel was amorous in intent. Their bitter bickering at each other continues apace. Chuck is another older man who runs a local bait shop. He challenges John and Max to think about how attractive they actually are to women anymore. Johns father, known as Grandpa, goes ice-fishing out on a frozen lake, where his son and Max (and many other local men) also have their own little fishing shacks. Grandpa is a blithe spirit at the age of 94, enjoying a bounty of liquor and non-filtered cigarettes. One evening Chuck goes to visit Ariel at her home, which John and Max intently spy upon. When later asked why he was with her, Chuck says they did not have sex but something more like a spiritual awakening. John and Max thus both plan visits to Ariel and spend much time making themselves presentable. As we learn, Ariel used to teach art and now teaches classics, and her tastes are revealed through her houseful of eccentric pieces. She also had a husband who died five years earlier, and keeps a life-size sculpture of him, naked, in her studio. Max is next to visit Ariel, and she is mildly bemused by his accounts of being a television repairman. Later she visits him in his ice-fishing shack and they try to pull in a legendarily enormous fish together. The sound of Max and Ariel loudly fighting and grunting to bring up the prize fish is overhead by the other men on the lake, who assume they are having wild sex. As it turns out, they actually do land the fish, but to the shocked dismay of Max, Ariel throws it back in the water. Thereafter, Ariel tells Max they will be great friends, but her chaste kiss reveals it will not be a romantic relationship. In a sincere moment, John tells Max that Chuck has died suddenly. They still end up fighting with each other again. Later, Ariel shows up at Johns house unexpected, and offers to cook dinner. John is quite charming in their conversation, telling her stories of his days as a teacher. John goes to visit his father, who tells him that after you turn 90, you begin realizing that all you have in life are experiences. He motivates John to pursue Ariel, which he soon does by joining her on a snowmobile ride to further evade an IRS agent waiting at his house. Ariel even lures John into making snow angels on the ground, and they hold hands. Over another dinner. Ariel asks John about the pictures in his house. He had a son who died in the Vietnam War, and as it turns out, he and Max were much closer friends when they were younger. He begins to tell the story of how the two of them became enemies when they fought over a woman. Somehow finding inspiration, John moves in to give Ariel a deep kiss, and she is receptive. Soon thereafter, Ariel invites John to bed. He remarks that he has not made love since October 4. 1978, so Ariel suggests that theres no need to worry about sexual diseases. The next morning, Max gives Ariel flowers to apologize for his rakish behavior before. Meanwhile, John is dancing around his house, so energized that he adds Tabasco to his eggs. John and Max return to their ice-fishing rituals, but now Max is so angry and jealous of him that he drives a truck into Johns shed and forces it out onto thin ice. This leads to a very physical yet comical fight between them, in which we learn that John had married a woman whom Max had always loved. John then confesses that he thought Maxs wife was a better woman than his wife. John goes on to say that he had the greatest sex ever with Ariel, which provokes Max to try stabbing him with a frozen fish. Of all people, Grandpa intervenes to break up these two delinquents. Downtrodden, John feels that Max should have Ariel because he stole Maxs true love when they were younger. Ariel brings John one of her paintings, but explains that they will not work as a couple. Ariel is disappointed, and tells John that the only things you regret in life are the risks you dont take. Johns daughter Melanie shows up for Christmas Eve with her estranged husband. John privately repeats to her what Ariel told him about living with regrets, and then Maxs son Jacob shows up. Jacob later pushes his dad to make peace with John. John and Max meet at a bar and John reveals that he pitied Max and gave up Ariel for him. They argue again, and on the way back from the bar, John has a heart attack. While he is in the hospital, the IRS moves to claim Johns house, although Jacob, who has been elected mayor, gets an order to save the property. We next see people gathering for what appears to be a solemn event at a church, which is not a funeral as we may expect, but actually a wedding for John and Ariel. Much time has done by, during which Jacob arranged to clear Johns IRS debt, with Maxs help. John and Max have reconciled, and their children are clearly falling in love with each other. Grandpa gives away Ariel at the ceremony, and all is joyous as the couple head off in their limo... but Max has left a fish in the back just as a little revenge.
tt0105414
Drama,Thriller
In the opening shot, two young twin girls, about 8-years old, are playing with their mother's make-up. Years later, an old apartment building in New-York on a quiet summer night. In her apartment, Allison "Allie" Jones (Bridget Fonda) is making love with her fiancé, Sam Rawson (Steven Weber), who has divorced his first wife. They are making plans for their wedding. Later in the night, the phone rings. It's Sam's former wife, Lisa. Because of a problem with the answering machine, Allison can hear everything Lisa is saying to Sam. And she learns that Sam visited Lisa in the afternoon and had sex with her. Sam hangs up the phone and starts a very heated argument with Allison. In the apartment above Allison's, Graham Knox (Peter Friedman), who is gay, and who is also Allison's best and only friend in the building, can hear the conversation between Allison and Sam through the old ventilation system of the building. A few minutes later, Allison rings Graham's doorbell. She has just kicked Sam out of her apartment and out of her life, and she is crying. She asks Graham to let her sleep in his spare bedroom. In the morning, Graham wakes Allison around 10 a.m., which means she is late for her appointment. This appointment is with Mitchell Myerson (Stephen Tobolowsky) in a restaurant. Allison expects to sell Mitchell her new computer program for designing woman's dresses. But Mitchell wants to buy it cheaper than what Allison expected. Back home, Allison has a long conversation with Graham in the building's laundry room. She informs him of her decision to find a room-mate. Allison puts an ad in a newspaper to find a room mate. The ad starts with: "Single White Female seeks female to share apartment", which explains the title of the film. Because the apartment is a rent-stabilized one, the room-mate would never be able to come on the lease. Several applicants answer the newspaper ad. A very butch girl, who wants to starts redecorating the place. A lesbian, who tries to seduce Allison. A neurotic girl who doesn't stop talking. The last one seems to be the perfect applicant. Allison is ready to call this perfect applicant back, when she sees Sam's picture on the fridge door, and she start crying. The front door was still open and another applicant comes in: she introduces herself as Hedra "Hedy" Carlson (Jennifer Jason Leigh). When she sees Allison crying, she wants to make some tea, but the kitchen water faucet breaks and both girls get showered. While Hedra's clothes are drying, Allison gets to know her better, and decides to take her as a roommate. Allison shows Hedra the basement of the building, including the private locked "cages" where each tenant can stow his stuff, and the incinerator room, which is not supposed to be used by the tenants. She also explained how to use the old elevator, the inner door of which frequently gets stuck and needs the use of a screwdriver hanging on a chain in the elevator cabin. Hedra gets herself settled in Allison's apartment, and the two girls seem to like each other more and more. Allison even helps Hedra to buy nicer clothes. She also gives her a lampshade to put on the lamp in her room, and Hedra gives Allison a pair of earrings that Allison seemed to like. During a conversation between the two girls, Hedra mention she had a twin sister who was stillborn. Allison refuses to take Sam on the phone when he calls her. Hedra keeps a mysterious shoebox, which she is very cautious to hide out of Allison's view. Sam calls while Allison is away, and Hedra erases his message from the answering machine. Hedra buys a Labrador puppy, and pretends that it was given to her on the market. Allison wants Hedra to bring the puppy back to the people who gave it to her. But, during the night, the puppy, who is alone in the kitchen, starts yapping and crying, and Allison takes it with her in her room. Hedra, hidden behind her room's door, watches the whole scene. Allison works a lot on her computer program, and doesn't see Graham as much as she used to. Graham asks her to take care of his cat while he is away for the week-end and gives her his apartment keys. When Allison gets back home, she finds that Sam forced his way in her apartment. Hedra feels bad about it and leaves Sam and Allison alone in the apartment. From the bookshop where she works, Hedra tries to call Allison, but Allison doesn't answer because she is making love with Sam. The same evening, Hedra watches TV alone in the apartment and kicks the puppy away. Meanwhile, Sam and Allison are having sex in the Atherton Hotel, where Sam is staying. When Allison comes back home, she finds Hedra in her room with the puppy. Hedra is very upset, but suddenly she notices the engagement ring on Allison's finger. She understands she will have to move away from the apartment. In Mitchell's office, Allison asks him to set up a demo of her computer program for people who could be interested by it. Sam is sleeping with Allison in her bed and Allison gets up to fetch some water from the bathroom. When she comes back, she finds Hedra talking and laughing with Sam. Later in the night, Allison is awaken by a strange noise and she peeks in Hedra's room where Hedra is masturbating on her bed. Allison is forced to run back to her bed and jump in when she makes a noise. Hedra knows she has been watched by Allison. The next morning, Sam is fixing a broken piece of the balustrade on the balcony, while Hedra is cooking some eggs. When Allison comes out of her room, all dressed up, she is not very happy to find Sam and Hedra having breakfast together. When Hedra asks Allison what she wants her to fix for dinner, Allison answers that Sam and herself will be eating out. After Sam and Allison's departure, the puppy remains behind the front door yapping, and doesn't respond to Hedra's calls and offers of food. Sam and Allison visit a vacant apartment in New York. When they come back home, they find that the puppy has fallen from the balcony and is dead. Apparently, Sam had not fixed the balustrade very well and the puppy was able to squeeze itself through the gap in the balustrade. Hedra gives Allison some pills to help her go to sleep after the puppy's death. Allison asks Sam not to cancel the business trip he had planned. In the morning, Allison is still asleep when the phone rings. It's Mitchell who is waiting for her for the demo they had planned. While choosing what she is going to wear, Allison discovers that Hedra has bought exactly the same clothes as her. After the demo, Mitchell and Allison are alone in Mitchell's office, and Mitchell tries to rape Allison who hits him very hard with both fists in his private parts. She runs away while Mitchell is lying of the floor very much in pain. Back in her apartment, Allison tells Hedra what happened with Mitchell, and Hedra gives Allison some pills. Then she calls Mitchell in his home, pretending she is Allison, and warns him not to try anything against Allison or his family "will get fucked". Hedra takes Allison to her hair stylist and, without Allison knowing, asks the stylist to give her exactly the same red color and the same hairdo as Allison. Allison is not very happy about it. Back home, while Hedra is in the bathroom, Allison searches Hedra's bedroom and finds the shoebox. Inside the shoebox, she finds documents proving that Hedra's real name is Ellen Besch, and that her twin sister didn't die at birth, but drowned when she was nine. She also finds a love letter that Sam had written to Allison and that Hedra has intercepted without telling Allison about it. That evening, Allison wants to talk with Graham about what she has found, but Graham is out. While she is going back to her apartment, she sees Hedra leaving the building in a taxi cab. She follows her in another taxi cab. Still followed by Allison, Hedra enters a very strange nightclub, where some rich people are watching a private sex show, where a man is kept in a cage, and where Hedra is called "Allison" by the bartender. Later that night, Allison comes back to Graham's apartment, and explains the whole situation to him. Graham advises her to get rid of Hedra. But Hedra, back in Allison's apartment, hears the whole conversation through the ventilation system. While Allison and Graham are talking, Hedra enters Graham's apartment (apparently using the key Graham gave Allison to take care of his cat) without anyone noticing her. Back home, Allison puts duct tape on the air vents, because Graham has explained her the acoustic problem of the ventilation system. So she cannot hear what is going on in Graham's apartment. When Graham finds Hedra in his apartment, he tries to persuade her to listen to him, but she brutally attacks him with the metal safety bar of the front door, and leaves him apparently dead on the floor. Allison is trying to reach Hedra's father on the phone, but only gets an answering machine. When she hears Hedra coming back in the apartment, she puts the phone down. Hedra doesn't say a word and go straight into the bathroom. Worried by Hedra staying such a long time under the shower, Allison enters the bathroom and discovers Hedra's blood-stained clothes soaking in the basin. Hedra pretends she had unexpected menstruation. Back in her bedroom, Hedra tells Allison she is "so fucking weak" to go back with Sam. Allison is so shocked that she doesn't answer the phone. Hedra does it and hears her father (who calls her Ellen) asking her to come back home. She slams the phone down and pretends it was an obscene call. When she wants to keep the phone out of its hook, Allison tells her she is expecting a very late call from Sam, coming back to New-York. Later in the night (past 2:00 a.m.), Hedra, who has taken the phone set with her in her room, answers Sam's call from the Atherton Hotel. Sam tells her to tell Allison he has called but not to wake her up. Hedra enters Sam's hotel room in the night, just wearing a raincoat over her naked body. She comes into Sam's bed, and performs oral sex on him while he is still half-asleep. When he eventually wakes up and realizes who is in his bed, it is too late. He is too close from his orgasm and comes into Hedra's mouth. Hedra and Sam then start an argument. When eventually Sam wants to call Allison to tell her the truth, Hedra kills him by thrusting one of the heels of her stiletto-heeled shoes deep into his eye. The tip of the heel must have reached into Sam's brain, because he immediately falls unconscious on the floor. When Hedra goes out of the hotel, the night clerk says "Goodnight, Miss Jones" to her. The next morning, Hedra is getting ready to leave, cleaning the whole apartment spotless. She then takes a suitcase, a cardboard box and a large paper bag down in the basement to put them in Allison's private "cage". Actually she is going in the basement to burn, in the incinerator, all the clothes that makes her look like Allison. While Hedra is away, Allison starts cooking breakfast. She stops when she hears the morning news on TV : a white male has been found murdered in room 612 in the Atherton Hotel. After she got confirmation that Sam has been murdered by calling the hotel, she goes in the bathroom to vomit in the toilet bowl. Meanwhile, in the basement, Hedra is taking a gun out of the boot where she had hidden it, and puts it in her large paper bag. In the bathroom, Allison sees the blood on one of the heels of Hedra's shoes, and understands what happened. When Hedra comes back from the basement, Allison tells her she wants to go and see Graham, even though she in only wearing a very thin sleeveless night shirt over her naked body. Hedra persuades her to get properly dressed before she goes out of the apartment. While Allison is getting dressed, Hedra comes into her bedroom, wearing black gloves, and tells Allison that she is aware that she knows about Sam's death. Hedra confesses having killed Sam, but pretends it was just an accident. When Allison tells her to go to the police, Hedra reminds her that no one, in the building, knows she lives there, and that she is not even on the lease, and also that she has cleaned off all her potential fingerprints. The police will certainly think it is Allison who killed Sam. Threatening Allison with her gun, Hedra forces her to go to Graham's apartment. There she ties Allison on an armchair with duct tape, and gags her with a piece of tape. Then, she dyes her hair from red to her natural black, not too look like Allison anymore. She then switches the TV on and puts the remote control near Allison's tied hand on the armrest of the armchair. She explains she has to go and cash a check. As soon as Hedra is gone, Allison moves the TV sound up to its highest level, and she selects a channel showing a very noisy rock music concert (hoping to attract help). In the bank, while Hedra is cashing her check under her real name of Ellen Besch, a clerk tells her that her father called, and wants her to call him back. She runs away from the bank. Meanwhile, one of Graham's neighbor has been complaining about the TV loud volume to the building manager, who comes with his spare keys to open Graham's door. Hedra comes out of the elevator just in time to stop him from entering the apartment. After she has got rid of the building manager, Hedra switches the TV off and slaps Allison in the face for nearly getting caught. She goes out of the room and comes back with a big kitchen knife, which she puts on Allison throat. She tears the tape gag off Allison's mouth to listen to what Allison wants to tell her. Actually Allison just kisses her on the mouth. Hedra seems not to understand the situation anymore and starts crying on Allison's lap. While stroking Hedra's hair, Allison sees Graham's wallet lying on the floor close to her foot, and kicks it away. That evening in Mitchell's office, all the important data on the program installed by Allison are starting to erase themselves. A warning message explains that, if Allison is not paid within 24 hours, all the data will be irretrievably lost. Back in Graham's apartment, where Allison is making a plane reservation from New York to Los Angeles with Graham's computer over the Internet. She tells Hedra they will pay with Graham's credit card, and send her to get Graham's wallet in the living-room. In Mitchell's office, since he cannot reach any one of the phone number Allison gave him, Mitchell decides to go himself to Allison's place. At Graham's apartment, while Hedra is looking for Graham's wallet, Allison is typing an SOS message on the computer. But Hedra comes back in the room before the message is sent. She switches the computer off and points her gun on Allison's frightened face. Instead of shooting her (aware that Graham's neighbors will hear the gunshot), Hedra instead knocks Allison out by striking her on her forehead with the butt of the pistol. Hedra takes the elevator down to the basement, while Mitchell is waiting for it in the lobby. In Allison's private "cage" in the basement, Hedra selects a very large suitcase, inside which she can fit herself and brings it back to the elevator. On the 11th floor, Mitchell enters the elevator where Hedra is traveling back from the basement and they ride together to the 12th floor, Graham's floor. When Mitchell sees Hedra opening Graham's door, he explains he wants to see Graham's friend, Allison. Hedra tells him Graham is away on a cruise, but Mitchell recognizes Allison's suitcase, hears Allison's moaning coming from inside the apartment, brutally pushes Hedra out of his way, rushes into the apartment, and slams the door behind him. Mitchell finds Allison lying on the floor, all tied up and gagged with duct tape. He kneels down and starts by taking the gag off, but Hedra enters the room, pointing her gun towards him. Mitchell slowly stands up, and suddenly snatches the gun off Hedra's hands, and throws her across the room, where she remains unconscious on the floor. Mitchell then starts to untie Allison, but Hedra comes back behind him and hits him on the head with a heavy statuette. She gets her gun back, puts a cushion on Mitchell's head to use as a supressor and kills him by shooting him in the face, twice. In the bathroom, Graham, lying in the bathtub, slowly comes back to life. Meanwhile, Hedra is dictating a suicide note to Allison, who writes it on the computer. Hedra presses Allison's hand on the computer screen for her fingerprints to be found by the police. Then she gives her a glass of water and a handful of blue pills. Allison smashes the glass in Hedra's face, and the two girls start fighting. Eventually, Allison smashes Hedra's hand through the window pane, and Hedra drops her gun. Then Allison slashes Hedra's chest with a piece of broken glass from the window, and rushes out of the room. While Allison is fumbling with the locks and the safety bar of the front door, Hedra comes back behind her, pointing her gun towards her. But Graham jumps on Hedra and throws her on the floor. They start fighting, but Hedra is still holding her gun and trying to shoot Graham. Allison pulls her by the legs out of the apartment and on the landing, and slams the door behind her. Allison runs towards the elevator, but Hedra shoots her in the shoulder. But is is only a minor injury because Allison keeps on running and reaches the elevator. She closes the inner door of the cabin, but Hedra points her gun through the vertical bars of the telescopic inner door. Allison squeezes Hedra's hand between the vertical bars, and Hedra drops her gun. Allison picks it up, but she cannot shoot Hedra, because the gun is either empty or has jammed. Hedra enters the cabin, and while the cabin moves slowly down to the basement, the two girls start brutally fighting with them punching, slapping and kicking each other in the small compartment. Eventually Hedra succeeds in strangling Allison unconscious. Hedra pulls the unconscious Allison by the legs out of the elevator, and across the basement empty corridors. She blocks the emergency staircase door with a heavy metal cabinet, and switches the elevator machinery off. Then she goes into the incinerator room to reactivate the fire. When Hedra comes back, with a wheelbarrow, to the place where she had left the unconscious Allison, she discovers that Allison woke up and is gone. She starts looking around for her. She finds a big metal hook in a closet and takes it. Allison is actually hiding in a large metal box, near the ceiling. This box is part of the ventilation system. A rat, frightened by the noise Hedra is making, walks along a pipe towards Allison's hiding place. Just as the rat reaches her, Allison throws it down on Hedra's shoulder. Hedra looks up at the ventilation metal box, but it seems empty. Hedra goes back into the incinerator room, and looks into the ventilation metal box there, thinking that this is where Allison is hiding. But actually Allison is watching her, hidden behind a wall. Hedra keeps looking around. She thinks Allison is hiding in a large closet, but Allison falls upside down, her legs hooked in the pipework running near the ceiling, and stabs Hedra in the back with the screwdriver from the elevator cabin. She gets down on her feet, and stabs her again. Hedra dies on the floor, and Allison closes her eyelids. Some weeks later. Allison has moved into the apartment she had visited with Sam just before the puppy's death. In voice over, she explains that she is trying to forgive Hedra for Sam's death, and also try to do what Hedra couldn't do, forgive herself. She puts Hedra's collection of photographs back in the shoebox, but she doesn't see a picture hidden by some wrapping paper. Actually this picture is a mixture of two pictures, joined together. The left half-side of the picture shows Allison's face, when the right half-side shows Hedra's face.
tt1234541
Crime,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Sam Reide (Chris Carmack) witnesses a woman killed, then wakes up in an ice-filled bathtub, his vitals being monitored by his sister Jenna (Rachel Miner). It is revealed that Sam can travel back to any time and location during his lifetime (occupying his body of that time in his life), needing only to concentrate on where and when he wishes to arrive. He has helped the local police capture criminals under the guise of being a psychic. We learn that Sam pays his sister's rent and buys her groceries, and that she rarely leaves the apartment and lives in squalor in a run-down section of Detroit. That night, Elizabeth (Sarah Habel), the sister of Sam's murdered girlfriend Rebecca (Mia Serafino), arrives at Sam's apartment. She believes that the man about to be executed for her sister's murder, Lonnie Flennonds (Richard Wilkinson), is innocent, and she offers to pay Sam to find the real murderer. Sam turns her down, but goes to speak with the man who tutored him on time travel, Goldburg (Kevin Yon), who reminds him of the cardinal rules: he's not to alter his own personal past, nor travel in time with his body left unsupervised. We learn that a fire that claimed the lives of Sam and Jenna's parents had claimed Jenna's life, but Sam altered time so that their parents died instead. After Goldburg's departure, their buxom bartender Vicki (Melissa Jones) seductively offers Sam a buttery nipple; he and Vicki have sex, but upon seeing Rebecca's photo, he cannot continue. Sam changes his mind and agrees to help Elizabeth out. He tries to help Lonnie without time-traveling, but Lonnie refuses the help, believing Sam to be the culprit. Frustrated, Sam travels back to June 1998. He first runs into a drunk Elizabeth, telling her to stay in her locked car. He goes into Rebecca's bedroom to find her already dead; while there, Elizabeth is attacked from her backseat. Sam returns to the present, to learn he no longer owns a car, is renting his couch to a roommate named Paco (Ulysses Hernandez), and no longer works for the police, instead being a discarded suspect for Rebecca's murder who has repeatedly asked for the case file. In 1998 Lonnie had seen Rebecca and Sam talking, and did not stop this time: as he was not at the murder scene, in this new present he is a wheelchair-using lawyer. Sam visits Goldburg, who suggests he go back to the scene of the third murder and this time only observe. Sam also visits Jenna, who is significantly better off and living more cleanly; she refuses to help him. Sam travels back to September 2000 and witnesses the third victim, Anita Barnes (Chantel Giacalone), being attacked, only to learn it is her boyfriend attempting to cater to her rape fetish. He is discovered and her boyfriend's punch sends him back to the present, where now Sam is renting a couch from Paco, who is about to evict him for non-payment. Goldburg is missing, and Lonnie is now the third victim while Anita remains alive, pepper-spraying him. At her apartment, Jenna tells him that Goldburg was about to implicate him in the murders, and furthermore tells him she fears a future Sam is the murderer. Sam complains he is now "too stupid" to fix things; Jenna pinky-swears him to not time-travel anymore. Drunk at the bar, he propositions Vicki, who is engaged in this timeline. After Sam leaves, the killer shows up and murders Vicki near an auto plant; her body is found by the police. As Sam left his receipt behind at the bar, he is hauled in by the police. Jenna extricates him; the police put a tail on him as he leaves. As he leaves, he takes Det. Glenn's (Lynch Travis) evidence notebook, which he uses to look at the scene of the crime and travel back to September 2004, before the bodies were found by the police. He returns to the present to find himself on Jenna's couch as she leaves for work, reminding him to clean up after himself and have dinner ready for her... their positions now effectively reversed from the beginning of the film. Sam returns to the auto plant, where the police lie in wait to arrest him. Sam convinces Det. Glenn to release him by telling him how his wife (Andrea Foster) mistook him for M.C. Hammer on their first meeting. Visiting home, Sam accidentally inhales some burundanga flowers from Goldburg's greenhouse, and barely can haul himself into the bathtub before time-traveling back to the abandoned auto plant, where he finds a severely injured Goldburg, and, running for help, is felled by a foothold trap. The killer approaches the trapped Sam, removing the mask as they approach to reveal that the killer is Jenna, who can also time travel. She has an incestuous love for her brother, having killed the women either because she perceived them as rivals for Sam's affections or because they were new witnesses introduced by Sam's rescue attempts. Sam travels back in time to the day of the fire that killed his parents; instead of saving Jenna, he traps her in her room. Sam awakes in a new timeline where he had fallen in love with Elizabeth (not Rebecca), and he, Elizabeth, and their daughter Jenna (named after his now-dead sister) (Alexis Sturr) are pulling up to a family barbecue, where he is greeted by his now-living parents and a perfectly healthy Goldburg. The film closes as Sam's daughter puts her Barbie doll on the grill and smiles as it begins to melt, implying that his young daughter has the same murderous psychotic tendences of Jenna.
tt0102744
Action,Adventure,Drama
Tom Selleck plays Matthew Quigley, a cowboy and rifleman from America with a keen eye and a specially modified rifle with which he can shoot accurately at extraordinary distances. Quigley's weapon of choice is a 1874 Sharps Buffalo Rifle. He answers an advertisement that asks for men with a special talent in long distance shooting with four words: "M. Quigley 900 yards." When he arrives in Australia, he is met by employees of the man who hired him, Elliot Marston (Alan Rickman). Quigley tries to prevent the men from forcing "Crazy Cora" (Laura San Giacomo) onto their wagon and beats the men until they learn that Quigley is the individual they were sent to pick up. Quigley is eventually taken to Marston's Station in the Western Australian outback. She continually calls Quigley "Roy", much to his resentment. Marston is a gentleman infatuated with stories of quick-draw gunslingers from the American Old West, believing he was born on the wrong continent. He continually practices with a pistol and fancies himself as a quick draw with a pistol. He is amazed that Quigley has actually been to Dodge City. He pays Quigley 50 gold coins for coming to Australia. Marston asks for a demonstration of Quigley's shooting talent. Quigley describes the weapon he produces as a Sharps rifle with a 34 inch long barrel, four more than normal. It has been modified to shoot a .45 caliber, 110 grain metal cartridge with a 540 grain paper patch bullet. It has a double set trigger and a Vernier sight marked up to 1200 yards, but "This one shoots a mite further." Quigley demonstrates his ability with his rifle, shooting a bucket in rapid succession three times at around 1200 yards. When Marston offers Quigley a pistol, he replies, "I've never had much use for one." Marston wants Quigley to his sharpshooting skills to help eradicate the native Indigenous Aborigines. Quigley finds the idea abhorrent and the two men are quickly headed for a showdown. Quigley refuses Marston's offer and the two fight. Quigley throws Marston out of his house through a glass door and then again through a window. Marston's Aborigine servant knocks Quigley over the head and Marston's men first beat Quigley badly. Two cowboys drive him and Cora two days into the Australian Outback and dump them with no water and virtually no chance of survival. Quigley tempts them with the word "Gold", and kills one man with a knife and the second with a long distance shot from his rifle. They walk a long distance when he and Cora are rescued by Aborigines. Cora reveals that she is from Texas. When her home was attacked by Comanches she hid in the root cellar. To prevent her crying infant son Roy from revealing their hiding place, she covered the baby's mouth and unintentionally suffocated him. Upon returning home, her husband Roy found their dead son. He buried the baby, drove Cora to Galveston, Texas and put her alone on the first ship leaving, which happened to be bound for Australia. Recovering, they witness an attack by Marston's men on the Aborigines who rescued them. Quigley kills two of them, the Aborigines kill one, and the fourth escapes. They capture a single horse. The next day they encounter six of Marston's men driving a group of Aborigines towards and over a cliff. Quigley kills two more of the men, and Cora finds an orphaned baby alive among the dead. Caring for the baby helps Cora overcome her tragic past and she slowly begins to recognize Quigley as his real self and stop calling him Roy. Quigley rides alone to a nearby town leaving Cora and the infant Aborigine in the desert with food and water. In town he obtains a new reloader from a town member who is only too ready to help when he learns Quigley is intending to kill Marston. Marston's men recognize Quigley's horse and attack him, cornering him in a burning building. Escaping through a skylight, Quigley kills all but one of Marston's men, who he sends back to Marston to tell him that Quigley is coming for him. In the desert, Dingos circle Cora and the crying infant, preparing to attack. She at first attempts to shush the infant, as she had done to her son Roy. Then she grabs the weapons left her by Quigley and kills several of the dogs. Quigley brings Cora and the baby to the town, where Cora gives the baby to Aborigines in the town. Quigley leaves Cora with the towns people and rides to Marston's ranch where he first confronts Marston's men from a distance. Marston gradually loses more and more men to Quigley until he Quigley is captured. Marston relishes stories of the American west and insists on in a quickdraw contest with Quigley. Quigley faces down Marston and two of his men, shooting all three before they can get off a single shot. He tells the dying Marston, "Just because I said I never had much use for one doesn't mean I don't know how to use it." The Aborigine servants abandon Marstons station, walking off into the Outback. With the bodies of Marston and his men still lying in the dirt, a British Major and his company arrive at the Station, confronting Quigley, who is still bleeding from a gunshot wound to his thigh. The hostile British major Ashley Pitt (Chris Haywood) is ready to shoot Quigley where he stands for numerous crimes when hundreds of Aborigines appear on the mountains nearby, surrounding the Major and his forces. Lowering their weapons, the Major and his troops retreat without a word. Quigley returns to the port city where he arrived and is reunited with Cora who is wearing the red dress he bought for her. They book passage for America. She greets him by his real name and the movie ends with their embrace and kiss.
tt1053859
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The film begins in a mental hospital, where Jake Kimble (Matthew Knight) is in a cell. He complains to his doctor, Ann Sullivan (Shawnee Smith) that if she leaves him alone, then She (Kayako) will get him. Sullivan tells him that he is there for his own protection, and that he will be safe there. She apologises to him and leaves, telling him she will be back later. Jake bangs on the door, but Kayako (Aiko Horiuchi) appears behind him, and breaks his bones, killing him. Sullivan arrives back to find Jake lying dead on the floor and begins to think he was right all along. Kayako's sister, Naoko (Emi Ikehata), is a young Japanese woman who hears of Jake's death through the newspaper and becomes worried. Naoko knows how to stop the grudge and travels to America, more specifically to Chicago where the last incident linked with Kayako occurred. She is introduced to the Chicago apartment by Max, (Gil McKinney) the landlord, and immediately begins to feel her sister's presence. She meets Max's little sister, Rose, and she somehow knows that Rose is in touch with the dead and can communicate with Toshio, Naoko's nephew. She also meets Lisa (Johanna Braddy) and they quickly become friends, and they meet other residents of the apartment, including Gretchen, (Marina Sirtis) who is an artist. Lisa begins to grow frightened when she realizes her younger sister Rose is seeing a dead boy all around the apartment. Naoko is observed throughout the apartment by Kayako, her sister, but Kayako never actually kills Naoko, quite possibly because she still loves her sister. Later that day, Lisa encounters Toshio, who makes her jump. When asking him what he is doing in the apartment, Toshio vanishes leaving Lisa bewildered. A girl is killed when Kayako's hands pull her into her bathtub and drown her. At night, Gretchen is painting a beautiful picture of Rose and when she turns away she finds it almost shredded and in a pool of red paint that resembles blood. Whilst expecting the painting of Rose, it briefly changes to a portrait of Kayako and handprints begin to apear in the red paint and move towards Gretchen. Then another of Gretchen's paintings begins to change and morph into Kayako who crawls towards Gretchen and kills her by gouging her eyes out and ripping off her jaw, presumably because Gretchen's career reminds her of her husband, Takeo. Max discovers Gretchen's body and is horrified to see black blood/paint flowing from her eyes. Lisa, Max's sister, hears about the grudge from Naoko and realizes that the death of her sister and the deaths in the Chicago apartment - including the death of Jake Kimble - are connected, and to this end she meets Dr. Ann Sullivan, (Shawnee Smith) who informs her of what she learns from Jake concerning a girl named Allison Fleming and a woman named Kayako Saeki, from Japan. Lisa recognizes the boy as the one Rose has been seeing, and to her horror Dr. Sullivan informs her that the Saeki family died long ago because Takeo Saeki killed Kayako and Toshio in a fit of anger and jealous rage. Dr. Sullivan also informs Lisa that Toshio, the boy Rose has been seeing, is dead, and plays a video of one of her interviews with Jake, who tells Dr. Sullivan that Kayako is sitting right in between them constantly and when Jake is about to describe Kayako's face as "looking as though she is dead," Lisa eventually returns to the apartment. Dr. Sullivan examines further evidence and then goes down the corridor out of her office because she sees Toshio on the monitor. Everything seems normal for a few brief seconds until Kayako appears in the hallway. Dr. Sullivan recognizes her from her pictures and interviews with Jake and exits via the other door in the corridor, only to have Kayako appear before her in the corridor she is now in. Dr. Sullivan screams for help and knocks repeatedly on the door, but meanwhile Kayako is catching up. Kayako litterally walks through the door opposite and Dr. Sullivan feels Kayako's fingers go through her hair and touch the side of her face as she screams for the cleaner to open the door, and then suddenly Kayako seizes Dr. Sullivan's head and snaps her neck, splattering blood against the window. Later that evening, Lisa invites her boyfriend Andy (Beau Mirchoff) out to supper, and there she discusses the Saeki murders and her theory that the vengeful ghosts are in her apartment. Andy dismisses her ideas initially, saying "you only make connections you want to see," and persuades Lisa to come to New York with him, but Lisa refuses. Andy returns Lisa to the apartment, and later when he leaves he sees the lights flickering and Toshio's legs run upstairs. He follows Toshio to a black hallway and sees Toshio run before him in the gloom. When Andy flicks on the light switch, Kayako jumps on him and grabs him violently as the door closes to the sound of her death rattle. Later, Max shows signs of a mental change and becomes violent and aggressive. He viciously attacks his superior when he is fired, and later his superior is killed by Toshio Saeki in his broken-down car. Max kicks out his own sister Lisa after taking out his rage on her, and then he also pushes Rose aside and tells her to go to her room. When Max squats down before the door, ignoring Lisa thumping on it, he starts shivering uncontrollably as if something is possessing him. Lisa, frightened, goes to Naoko for help and Naoko realizes what has happened to Max. She dresses in a classic Japanese kimono and begins to perform an exorcism on the building using Rose as a witness, but halfway through Naoko tells Lisa that Rose has to drink Kayako's blood, which she somehow has obtained. Naoko begs Rose to drink it, claiming that "the bad will go away". Lisa refuses to have anything to do with this ritual, and begins to leave, only to find her path blocked by Max. Now it is revealed that Max has been possessed by the evil spirit of Takeo Saeki, and he is now out to repeat the same murder he performed on Kayako. He pursues Naoko into the hallway, and when Naoko attempts to reason with him, he breaks her leg, so she has to crawl just like her sister Kayako did. Naoko attempts to crawl away but Max seizes a utility knife, grabs Naoko by her long black hair, and thrusts the blade into her throat. Meanwhile, the murderous spirit of Kayako is back for the final showdown, and she pursues Lisa and Rose through the upper story of the apartment. Lisa and Rose run into the bathroom and find the corpse of her boyfriend Andy, but when she grasps it, Andy becomes Kayako and attempts to strangle her. Rose is thrown out of the bathroom and the door locks Lisa in. Lisa backs away, and Kayako crawls right up close to Lisa's face and utters her death rattle loudly. Just as Kayako is about to kill Lisa, Rose drinks Kayako's blood and Kayako's evil spirit vanishes. Just then, the evil spirit of Takeo is exorcised from Max, who, when reverted to normal, is horrified at what he has done. When he is sitting, immersed in remorse and guilt, in the apartment's corridor, noises come from the other end of the corridor. The source of the noises is revealed to be Naoko's spirit, stumbling on her broken leg while her throat gushes blood. Naoko's spirit now embodies the reborn Grudge caused by Max. She crawls up to Max and bites into his throat. Now Naoko's new curse is haunting the apartment in the wake of Kayako's demise. The final scene is of police and doctors removing the bodies and Lisa telling Rose that everything will be alright. However, as she hugs her, the final image is that of Kayako hugging Lisa instead of Rose, revealing that Rose now carries the exorcised spirits that Kayako used to carry.
tt1134854
Comedy,Drama,Horror
The unburied dead are returning to life and attacking the living to kill and eat them. The first part of the film follows the actions of former Colonel and current Sergeant "Nicotine" Crockett (Alan van Sprang). In the opening scene, Colonel Crockett, after a failed raid of sorts that ends in the deaths and reanimation of several fellow National Guardsmen and his getting demoted to Sergeant, deserts his post with fellow soldiers Kenny (Eric Woolfe), Francisco (Stefano Colacitti) and Tomboy (Athena Karkanis). The four fugitive soldiers go on where they rob the protagonists of the previous film (see 'Diary of the Dead'). Meanwhile, off the coast of Delaware lies Plum Island, home to two Irish-American feuding families - the O'Flynns and the Muldoons. The former family, lead by Patrick O'Flynn (Kenneth Welsh), rounds up a posse and kills the undead of the island, learning that the Muldoons, led by Seamus Muldoon (Richard Fitzpatrick) are keeping their undead loved ones "alive" until a cure is found. A brief standoff ends with the Muldoons exiling Patrick and several other O'Flynns, under the suggestion of Patrick's daughter Janet (Kathleen Munroe). Three weeks later. The four National Guard deserters find themselves joined by a young teenager known only as Boy (Devon Bostick) after an encounter with some fellow zombie-killers whom the four rouge soldiers are forced to kill when the hunters attempt to kill them as well. Crockett and his group steal an abandoned armored truck nearby and decide to drive north to Canada. Through Boy and an Internet connection they learn of Plum Island - a video that was recorded by Patrick O'Flynn. They head to a nearby dock off the deserted interstate highway as instructed, and a gunfight starts between the O'Flynns bunkered down in a fishing shop and Crockett's group. Francisco jumps off the pier and swims out to a large ferry steamer, successfully commandeers the unmanned ship for the group. During the battle, several zombies showing up to distract both sides of the gunfight. Francisco is attacked by an underwater zombie which he successfully battles, biting the finger off of an attacking zombie along the way. The O'Flynns, except Patrick, are killed and eaten by zombies and the four Army deserters board the ferry. Patrick too jumps aboard, kept there by a shaky truce of sorts as the rest of the group takes care of the zombies on board the ferry. Francisco starts to feel sick, having earlier ingested the blood of a zombie when he bit off the finger of the underwater zombie that attacked him. On the trip over, Patrick reveals he delibrately sent other strangers over to Plum Island to anger Muldoon and trigger the latter's distrust for strangers. Eventually, the group stops the ferry a short distance away and makes it to the island on a small dingy. There, they discover that the Muldoons have chained up the zombies in imitation of their previous lives - a mailman puts mail in a mailbox, a logger wields an axe on some wood, and so on. It is revealed that Patrick's daughter, Janet, is now a zombie, riding around on her horse as she did when she was alive. Not only that, but the living strangers sent over by Patrick have been killed by the Muldoons in order to 'feed' them to the zombies while the strangers who arrived as zombies were allowed to remain animated. Patrick is disgusted with this and, as he attempts to go into town and gather some allies that did not leave the island from his family, two scouting Muldoons attack the deserters, shooting Crockett and Kenny. The latter dies from his wounds, and is shot in the head by Patrick to prevent reanimation. Patrick heads off. Taking shelter in an abandoned meeting house, Boy works to stitch up Crockett's gunshot wound on his left shoulder, Francisco's sickness gets worse and he wanders off where Tomboy finds him and he asks her to shoot him before he turns into a zombie. She complies, and is then captured by Muldoon men and taken to his headquarters across a small bridge leading to the other part of the island. It is now revealed that Janet is, in fact, a twin: Jane, her favored sister, is the zombie on the horse from earlier. Janet helps Crockett out, and she, Crockett and Boy join the O'Flynn group for their attack on the Muldoons. Crockett agrees to come along to exact revenge for Kenny. A standoff occurs at the bridge of the river that separates the two families' land, and the O'Flynn group with Crockett are captured, while Boy and Janet are pushed off into the forest. Tomboy is released from Muldoon's capture (During her capture she also learned that Muldoon's own wife is now a zombie that he keeps chained up in his kitchen) and rejoins the captive group. Muldoon and O'Flynn face off. Muldoon's one wish is to prove O'Flynn wrong about the zombies, hoping to get the creatures to eat something other than human flesh. Muldoon's latest example is Patrick's daughter Jane, attempting to get her to devour a horse. A farmhand, Chuck (Joris Jarsky), brings out a herd of captured zombies to watch the zombie Jane's attempt to eat the horse. She doesn't, and Janet returns with Boy, giving Crockett and the O'Flynns their weapons back. Janet attempts to reach out to Jane, who bites her twin sister on her hand. A climatic gunfight erupts between the two families. Chuck switches sides and gets shot by Muldoon for his trouble. Dying, he releases the zombie herd and is devoured. The gunfight's focus changes to the zombie threat, and they eat and kill most of the ones involved in the shootout. Muldoon and O'Flynn, each with one bullet left in their guns, create a shaky truce that is immediately broken by Muldoon shooting O'Flynn in the back. A dying O'Flynn unleashes a secret gun stored up his wrist and kills Muldoon. Crockett and his group, fed up with all of the death, attempt to leave the island on the ferry boat they came in on. Janet witnesses her sister actually take a bite out of the horse, and rushes to tell Crockett's group the news, but she gets shot in the head by her father with his remaining bullet after mistaking her for her undead sister. He succumbs to his wounds soon after. The three survivors, Crockett, Boy and Tomboy, though tempted to stick around on Plum Island, refuse to become like the Muldoon/O'Flynn families, and leave the island on the ferry they came in on. Also of note: the armored truck they rode into the dock earlier in the film contains a million dollars in cash as they plan to use somehow in the future (possibly creating a new city for survivors in Pennsylvania from 'The Land of the Dead'). Meanwhile, on Plum Island, zombies are seen eating the horse Jane started to eat as all of the remaining human population is killed and eaten by the zombies. In the final scene, the zombified Patrick and Muldoon come up on a hill together, guns in hand, attempting to kill one another once more as zombies. However, it is unknown to them that their guns are empty.
tt0809504
Comedy,Romance
New York firefighter Patrick Sullivan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) had no idea his seemingly idyllic life was about to go up in smoke especially as the unwitting, second-hand recipient of advice from famed love expert and radio host Dr. Emma Lloyd (Uma Thurman). One day he is a happy-go-lucky guy looking forward to a life with his soon-to-be-bride. The next thing you know, his fiancée Sophia (Justina Machado) is seeking couples counseling on the radio from Dr. Lloyd. The no-nonsense, ever practical Dr. Lloyd questions Sophia's concept of romantic love and advises her to break their engagement, which she swiftly does. But when Patrick and his computer-savvy neighbor decide to give Dr. Lloyd a taste of her own medicine and accidentally join them in holy matrimony something that doesn't go over too well with her fiancé (Colin Firth) -- it isn't long before they learn that sometimes even an expert in love needs a second opinion
tt0942384
Drama,Romance,Sport
The movie opens with Zach (Trevor Wright) skateboarding, stopping occasionally to take photographs and spray-paint silhouette graffiti. He arrives home and is greeted by his sister Jean (Tina Holmes) and her son Cody (Jackson Wurth). Jean is headed out, forcing Zach to take Cody with him to the diner where he works. At the end of his shift Zach takes Cody to the rich part of town (Zach, Cody and Jean all live together in the poor suburbs) and meets up with his friend Gabe (Ross Thomas). Zach drops Gabe off with some friends who he is travelling with back to college. Zach and Cody head home. Zach goes surfing. That evening he goes home to do some painting. The next day he waits with Cody outside the supermarket while Jean finishes her shift. Cody thinks Zach is his father, since Zach always takes care of him, but Zach reminds Cody he is his uncle. That night Jean heads out again with friends leaving Zach once again taking care of Cody. Zach calls his off-again-on-again (and currently off) girlfriend Tori (Katie Walder) but she is at a party and the connection is bad, meaning they can't understand each other. Jean arrives home with her boyfriend Allen (Matt Bushell) only to be admonished to keep quiet by Zach because Cody has just gone to bed. The next day Zach goes back to Gabe's house to fix a surfboard he has left there, only to find that Gabe's brother Shaun (Brad Rowe) is there. They go surfing together. As they are leaving, Tori arrives and invites Zach down to the beach to hang out with her friends. At the bonfire, one of the guys asks if Zach is gay, since he recently broke up with Tori, who is gorgeous. Zach and Shaun leave the fire and Shaun admits the reason he returned to town was because he just broke up with someone. Zach gives Tori a ride back to his place where they watch a movie. She tries to kiss him but is turned away. She is a little put off, so he tries to make it up to her, but she leaves. Meanwhile, Shaun is hunting around the house and finds a walkie-talkie as well as an old skating movie of Zach and Gabe. He talks into the walkie-talkie and is surprised when Zach picks up. These are the walkie-talkies that Zach and Gabe used to use years ago to communicate across town. Zach starts to draw on his bedroom wall, which he does when he is happy. Zach and Shaun meet up again the next day and go surfing again, at a spot Shaun has kept secret from Gabe and his friends, worried that they would trash it. They surf for a bit then stop for lunch. Zach ignores a call from Tori telling Shaun they are in 'limbo'. They return to Shaun's place and crash on the outdoor furniture, bonding over Zach's art and their mutual connection to Gabe. A playful wrestling match turns serious as Shaun kisses Zach. Zach wakes up the next morning beside Shaun, still outdoors, and immediately regrets what he has done. The normal life he has crafted has now been shattered. He flees. He goes home to find Jean waiting for him to take her to work. On the drive Zach talks about returning to art school. He applied a year ago but didn't get in. At the supermarket he meets Tori again. He tries to kiss her, but she pushes him away. He goes surfing again, this time checking out the guy dressing beside him. He stays out surfing late. He goes home to shower. Jean talks with him about hanging out with Shaun, who is gay, and says she 'doesn't want Cody around that'. She accuses Zach of being gay too. He dodges the question. At the beach with Tori and Cody, he runs into Shaun again. Shaun wants to talk about what happened between them, but Zach brushes him off. After the things Jean said about Shaun, Zach doesn't want to leave Cody alone with him, but Tori wants to talk about their relationship. Finally, Tori and Zach break up for good. Zach goes home to think and paint. He can't deny his feelings anymore. He drives to Shaun's house and they have sex. The next morning Zach still feels a little guilty, but sticks around until Shaun wakes up. On the drive home he finally accepts what's going on. He starts to draw a huge mural on a nearby shop as a way to express his feelings for Shaun. At home, Jean asks him why he is so happy. She knows he is sleeping with someone, and also knows it isn't Tori. Zach tells her it is no-one. She uses that fact to con him into babysitting again. Zach draws on his wall some more, then gets a call from Shaun inviting him to a meal at his place. Jean wants him to watch Cody, so he turns down Shaun's offer, only to have Shaun invite Cody along too. Zach and Cody go clothes shopping before the meal. Shaun asks Cody what he wants for dinner, then heads out to stock up on groceries, since he doesn't have any of that stuff in the house. He says kids deserve to be spoiled. Later, as Cody sleeps, Zach and Shaun talk about Zach's family. Shaun tries to hug Zach, but Zach pulls away, scared that Cody may see them. When he knows he won't, he finally succumbs. Zach takes Cody home, since Cody doesn't like to wake up in strange places. Shaun offers Zach an admission form for art school. A montage follows showing Zach and Shaun growing closer. Zach completes the mural on the shop wall as well as doing more drawings on his bedroom wall. Shaun and Zach are in bed together when they hear a noise. Gabe has arrived back from college. Zach hides in the bathroom while Shaun distracts Gabe, allowing Zach to sneak out. Gabe visits Zach at work (commenting on the shirt Zach is wearing, which happens to be Shaun's) and the three go surfing. Gabe runs off for some beer. Shaun touches Zach, who rebuffs him, worried that Gabe will see. At home, Jean confronts him about what he has been doing with Shaun. She convinces him that if he cares about their family, that he will break it off. That night, at a party and Gabe's house, Zach sits in the car and is approached by Shaun. He shuns Shaun, telling him he isn't sure that a relationship is what he wants. Shaun replies, 'It seems like what you want'. Both guys get emotional and Zach drives off. The next morning Zach is getting the diner ready for opening when Gabe comes by and tells him he knows all about Zach and Shaun, but that it doesn't change anything between them. Zach says it doesn't matter since he has broken up with Shaun. Confused, he goes to visit Tori, but she is with another guy and can't talk to him. Shaun tries to call Zach, but Zach ignores him. He is looking for his portfolio to send to the art school, but can't find it. Jean offers to help him get a job at the supermarket where she works. Zach watches as the mural he painted is painted over. He feels his life is falling apart. Jean tells him she is moving away with her boyfriend, and that they are leaving Cody behind. Zach learns Shaun submitted his portfolio, and that he has been accepted to art school. He travels to the campus. Later he meets up with Tori, prepared to tell her everything, but she already knows. In a roundabout way she tells him that even if it doesn't last, love is still worth it. Shaun is packing to leave, when he finds the walkie-talkie left by Zach. They talk, with Zach revealing himself to Shaun in the backyard. He's accepted the different parts of his life and wants Shaun to be a part of it. Zach tells Shaun that he got into art school, and that he got in a year ago, but turned it down because of his family commitments. They go to where Jean and her boyfriend are packing to leave. After the boyfriend maligns Cody, Zach attacks him, but Shaun and Jean separate them. Shaun goes inside to check on Cody, while the boyfriend takes a walk to clear his head. Zach tells Jean that Cody can stay with him and Shaun, or that Jean could stay behind. Jean admits Cody is better off with Shaun and Zach. Jean and her boyfriend leave, then so do Cody, Shaun and Zach. Some time later Zach, Cody and Shaun are all hanging out on the beach, playing, the implication being that everything turned out well.
tt1104806
Adventure,Drama
Ben Tyler (Joshua Jackson) has been diagnosed with cancer. With a grim chance of survival in the best case scenario even if he immediately begins treatment, he instead decides to take a motorcycle trip from Toronto through the Canadian prairies to British Columbia. Along the way, he makes new friends, reevaluates his relationship with his fiancée Samantha (played by Liane Balaban), his job, and his dream of becoming a writer, and, after suffering some near-death experiences, learns to appreciate life. Fitting squarely in the tradition of "road trip" movies, the film features classic Canadian scenery, roadside attractions and Canadian icons: even the Stanley Cup makes a cameo appearance. [D-Man2010]
tt0485851
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Happiness, Sorrow, Pleasure and Love are the four respective themes that writers Jieho Lee (who also directed) and Bob DeRosa tackle in these bizarre stories. This is a film about luck, both good and bad- and what perspective you choose to look at the characters fates will probably determine whether you like this movie or not. Happiness is presented first, with Forest Whitaker playing a nerdy office worker who decides to take a huge risk, betting everything on what he thinks is a fixed horse race. Does the risk pay off? You decide. Next up is Sorrow, in the form of Sarah Michelle Gellars fragile pop music star, who finds out that her contract has been sold to a vicious mobster called Fingers. Fingers is played by Andy Garcia, in a memorably over-the-top performance (care to take a guess how he got his nickname?) and he is the one constant in each of these stories. He is the single piece of thread that connects all of these individuals. Third and best of this series, is Pleasure, in the guise of Brendan Frasers mob henchman with psychic abilities. Namely, he can see into the future. He works for (you guessed it) Fingers and has an adventurous night babysitting Fingers nephew Tony, a young, wanna-be mobster with a foul mouth and a reckless streak. During the course of that night, however; something happens and he isnt able to see the future and as a result, gets the crap kicked out of him. This is actually great for him, because he regards his psychic gift as more of a curse. Soon he is asked to baby-sit the pop star (who Fingers is basically holding hostage) and the pair fall in love which leads to some complications. The fourth and final scenario involves Kevin Bacon as a doctor who will do anything to save the woman he loves (Delpy), another doctor who is dying from a serious injury. All of these characters connect, to a certain degree and events set in motion by one individual, effect others; either favorably or not.
tt1068678
Drama,Romance
A train in New York City carries passengers to work, including Veronika Deklava (Sarah Michelle Gellar). We see Veronika walking the streets of Manhattan, working at her job, meeting a young man for a drink afterward, and finally going home. During this time, she gives a voiceover as if talking to a psychiatrist who she thinks will put her on antidepressants, and she gives a prediction of her life all the way to her old age. At home, Veronika pours herself a drink and takes a number of prescription medications out of her bathroom medicine cabinet. She arranges the bottles in a line on her coffee table, and then lays out a number of pills. Putting on some music, Veronika swallows the pills one by one, washing them down with her drink. As the pills take effect, Veronika starts to type out an email to her parents, ominously telling them that none of what is about to happen, is their fault. Deleting the email, she picks up a fashion magazine and instead begins to type out an email to the Village Voice, lambasting them over a fashion slogan she sees as a lie. In the email Veronika lashes out at media and corporate misleading of the public to things that Veronika believes, really matter in life... and that she's committing suicide as the only viable escape from a world she sees as unreal. But in signing her real name, Veronika has not reckoned with the power of the internet. Within minutes, viewers have shared and spread the email, and traced it back to her, and a man is banging on her door even as she collapses in her living room. Bursting into the apartment, the man bends over Veronika, feeling for a pulse, and yells for 911 to be called. The unconscious Veronika is hurried to a hospital where doctors work feverishly to save her life. Veronika is brought to a private care facility called Villette. As the ambulance brings her in, a young man named Edward (Jonathan Tucker) is sitting in a tree. Orderlies come to bring him to be seen by Villette's director, Dr. Blake (David Thewlis). Edward pauses to give a curious glance at Veronika as she lies, still asleep, on a gurney that is extracted from the ambulance to be brought to a bed. Dr. Blake tells Edward that his father's annual visit is next week, and he asks Edward if he's made any progress. Edward merely stares straight ahead, not speaking, not looking directly at Dr. Blake. Veronika awakens, immediately noting her suicide has been stopped and she's still alive. Finding her wrists are strapped to the bed's side rails, she starts to struggle against the restraints until a nurse sedates her. A short time later, she's being seen by Dr. Blake and another psychiatrist at the facility, Dr. Thompson (Florencia Lozano). On being told where she is, Veronika smiles cynically. She does answer a few questions, including that she works at a high paying job as an assistant accounts executive, and that her parents are Slovenian, although Veronika is American born. When she cuts to the chase and asks how long the facility plans to hold her, Dr. Thompson says there is some pretty difficult news in store: her suicide attempt caused her heart to stop, resulting in a heart attack that damaged the blood vessels that brings blood into her heart. The damage is inoperable, and worse, it will result in a coronary artery bursting within a week; two at most. This will result in Veronika's death. Dr. Blake tells her that she'll receive regular injections for her heart with the hopes that her final days will be as pleasant as Villette can make them. Veronika is sedated again and wheeled through the halls of Villette on a gurney. Edward pauses again to look at her, and as Veronika awakens, she looks sleepily back at him. Edward goes to his room, moves a dresser away from the wall and opens a vent cover behind which he's hidden some drawing pads and a small notebook or journal. He leafs through them, showing a number of sketches and a few photographs, including a young black woman. Veronika awakens again to find she's been moved to a room in Villette. Her room mate is a young woman named Claire (Erika Christensen). Claire begins to tell Veronika a story about a wizard who wanted to destroy a kingdom, and so he drove all the subjects mad. The king and queen decided to submit themselves to the same madness and were able to continue ruling in peace. Claire sums the story up by revealing it as a parable: Veronika can pass herself off as anyone or anything she desires by learning to act and behave the same as those around her. Claire is shown not to be so crazy or disturbed after all, but merely a good conformist. When Claire reveals that a number of patients have overheard that Veronika is due to die soon, Veronika says she doesn't want to be made to wait, and asks if there's any way she can acquire a means to finalize her intended suicide. Claire takes Veronika on a walk around the garden and points out a patient named Mari (Melissa Leo) who has been at Villette longer than anyone. This has earned her the privilege of refusing to take medication if she doesn't feel like it, and Claire says Mari is close to Dr. Blake. Mari is a former lawyer until she lost her job and her marriage (to another lawyer) and had a breakdown. Claire cautions Veronika that she has to earn Mari's good favor, and Mari will only speak to Veronika if she feels like it. If Mari warms to Veronika, she will be able to help Veronika acquire pills to overdose on. Veronika notices Edward sitting a distance away, and Claire tells Veronika that Edward was in some kind of accident, and had stopped talking after recovering. He was 'dumped' here a few years ago, and hardly responds in any way, to anyone, except perhaps Mari, who seems protective of him. Veronika is in Dr. Blake's office, and he tells her that her parents have come to Villette to see her. Veronika is horrified, refusing to speak to her parents. Dr. Blake tries to tell her to see them, but also says he didn't tell them about Veronika's condition-- aside from doctor-patient confidentiality, he simply feels it should be up to her. Veronika's parents tell Dr. Blake that Veronika was always successful, always made a lot of friends, and they always thought she was happy, but of course, she couldn't be if she tried to commit suicide. In trying to convince himself that Villette will be a good place for Veronika to recover, he mentions have seen a very nice piano at the facility. Despite Veronika's attempts to downplay it, her parents say she was an excellent pianist, able to play Mozart, Bach and Debussy, and in fact had even won a scholarship to Julliard... but her parents pressured her to attend a more business-oriented college so she could earn a good living. Dr. Blake asks Veronika if she has anything else to say to her parents; a hint for her to tell them she is dying. But Veronika stays silent. Veronika lets her parents hug her on their way out, but looks shaken afterward, and Dr. Blake merely watches as she stomps heavily out of the office. In one of the halls, Veronika starts to feel short of breath and faint, and wonders if this is it; whether her time has finally run out. She falls unconcsious to the floor, but wakes up in a bed with Dr. Blake watching over her. She'd merely fainted from an anxiety attack, and Dr. Blake says he's going to make some adjustments in her medication. Veronika goes into Villette's common room where she hears the sound of chatter and uproarious laughter. She finds to her dismay that a news program is discussing her attempted suicide and the suicide note she sent to the Village Voice. One participant in the news discussion considers Veronika to be seriously crazy, and many of the people at Villette watching the program, are laughing because they agree with this assessment. One patient, Old Fred (Matthew Cowles) starts to repeatedly call Veronika, 'nutty as a fruitcake.' When he calls Veronika this to her face, she slaps him in outrage. To Veronika's surprise, and perhaps also, to her disappointment, Fred doesn't react to the slap. When she challenges him to yell at her or even hit her back, he merely responds that she won't be around much longer-- meaning he doesn't think she's worth it. Veronika walks away in a daze. Impressed, Mari begins to follow Veronika and strikes up some small talk. Veronika doesn't waste words-- she says that she understands Mari can help her get her hands on pills. Veronika tells Mari she wants to die on her own terms, nobody else's. Mari seems to think on the plea for a few moments, then she tells Veronika about the medicine closet, and that it is unmanned and unguarded for a few moments when there is a change in employee shifts around dinner time, at 7 pm. Veronika begins watching and timing this change in shifts on a watch, memorizing the opening. While still making preparations, one day she walks through the garden and notices Edward squatting close to the ground, watching ants go into and out of an entrance to their underground warrens. She asks him how he can stand being in Villette. Edward doesn't respond, and Veronika walks away quickly when a nurse starts calling out to Edward to bring him in for treatment. Villette staff call patients for dinner. Veronika is ready to make her move. She makes it into the medicine closet and grabs one of the bottles, pouring all the pills into her mouth. But a nurse spots Veronika going to the sink and hurries to pull her away from the water, pressing on pressure points along Veronika's throat to compel her to spit out every pill before she can swallow any of them. Veronika is unrepentant with Dr. Blake, defiant at his refusal to cooperate in her continued attempts to kill herself. When Dr. Blake asks Veronika to tell him about her hatred for him, she starts to lash out also at her parents for spending the outlandish fees to keep Veronika at Villette, as well as her colleagues at work for thinking they're very important because of the money they earn-- and she hates all the commuters she sees traveling around the city for giving up their dreams and then forgetting they had any. Dr. Blake tells Veronika that he sees this as a sign that she's feeling better and is recovering. Dr. Blake suddenly asks Veronika if she's heard the story about the king and the poisoned well. Veronika smiles cynically on realizing he's the one who told the story to Claire as an analogy of what is real and perceived to be real, and how belief by enough people can define reality. Veronika is now convinced Dr. Blake is the king in the story, and has made himself as mad as all the other inmates. Blake, however, shows he's cagier than Veronika had anticipated, cornering her on accusing the fashion industry of pushing pathological and dehumanizing values on society. He catches Veronika almost laughing sheepishly even as she tries to defend herself. Unable to admit her defeat, Veronika storms out of the office. Dr. Thompson is in an administrative office late in the evening with Nurse Josephine (Rena Owen), discussing Veronika. Dr. Thompson starts to reminisce about another woman who was at Villette three years ago, named Sandra Berowitz, who was brought in because of a heroin habit and found to have a heart problem. There was an issue with State Health Services over her. Dr. Thompson asks Nurse Josephine to pull any printed records on Sandra, that are still available at Villette. Veronika goes to the room with the piano one rainy evening. At first, she simply slaps her hands aimlessly about the keys, producing discordant, grating chords. After working out her anger this way, she begins to play classical music; a beautiful melody. As she plays, she notices Edward standing outside in the rain, watching her. Veronika continues playing, and looks back at Edward as she finishes. Edward appears to start to smile before hurrying away. Veronika, still watching, smiles back after him. Mari is in Dr. Blake's office, talking with him. She's aware that Edward has noticed Veronika, and she and Dr. Blake talk about it. Dr. Blake thinks Mari is close to finally leaving Villette and wants to see a happy ending for Edward once she's no longer around to watch over him. Mari doesn't see much future between Edward and a suicidal girl who is so close to dying, anyway. But Dr. Blake points out that Edward can't lose Veronika unless he grows attached enough to want to hang on to her... and if Edward manages to accomplish just that attachment, Dr. Blake will consider it to be not only Edward's great accomplishment yet, but Dr. Blake's own, as well. A lawyer for the Village Voice goes to Villette to speak to Dr. Blake and Dr. Thompson about Veronika. Despite the Voice rep's well-crafted words, Dr. Blake sees through the pitch as a desire to interview Veronika or possibly schedule her for a public appearance of sort that will be intended only to preserve the Voice's own reputation. Dr. Blake sternly tells the Voice's lawyer that he won't allow them to approach Veronika. As a last resort, the lawyer brings up the Sandra Berowitz case, State Board of Health inquiries on Villette, and patients' families questioning unorthodox and controversial methods of treatment at Villette, as a blackmail tactic. Dr. Blake, however, finds the proper counterattack, pointing out that many family members are simply unhappy that not all mentally ill patients can be brought back to proper stability or functionality, because mental illness itself cannot be cured; furthermore, he insists he has nothing to hide from the public, so any threats the lawyer makes about 'exposing' him, he has no fear of. Veronika passes by the main entrance to Villette and sees Claire standing there with her bags and wearing a coat, until a nurse comes to bring her to the day room. Edward suddenly comes up behind Veronika and puts a hand on her forearm. Although touched, Veronika sadly says she doesn't feel like playing the piano right now, and walks away. Veronika goes to sit with Claire, to see if she's okay. During recreational time at the swimming pool, Mari tells Veronika that a teacher from the spiritual arts of Sufi is coming to Villette that evening to hold a class and seminar, and invites Veronika to attend. She says that before Veronika dies, it would be good for her to see how far she can go. During the Sufi session, Veronika instead goes to the piano room again, and finds Edward standing by it, as if waiting for her. Their eyes are locked on each other as she sits. She begins to play a melody full of passion. Although she had closed the door, the tune carries so that Mari can hear. As the Sufi teacher begins speaking of how the true sense of self is not what others make of it, Mari stares at her hands, listens to the piano melody, and suddenly gets up to leave the room. Veronika finishes her melody, and hears the sound of a door closing sharply. She and Edward both turn to glance toward the door to the piano room, before Veronika returns her gaze to Edward. Suddenly she begins to disrobe in front of him. She reaches a hand out toward his, but Edward slowly draws his hand back, away from hers. Veronika runs her hand down the front of her body, down between her legs, and starts masturbating. Outside, Mari draws close to the room, and listens to Veronika's moans of pleasure. Mari looks deeply worried as she hears Veronika climaxing. Veronika tells Edward that she could fall in love with him right there, even if he doesn't say anything. Edward suddenly leaves the room; Veronika turning to look as he leaves. The next morning, Dr. Blake finds Veronika waiting for him outside his office, looking for his help. She says she's feeling much better, although Dr. Blake says she doesn't look it. Veronika says she's ready to do what he tells her, but she needs to know how much time she has left before she dies. She asks Dr. Blake to do two things for her: A dose of any medication that will keep her awake, and to be released from Villette. She's formed a bucket list of things she desperately wants to do while she's still alive: go to the beach, feel the surf on her feet, eat a taco at her favorite taco stand, and order a Guinness at an Irish pub. Whatever time she has left, she needs to live it. This causes Dr. Blake to muse on the nature of desire vs. fear; how many people have replaced almost all their emotions with fear. Few people realize their dreams, and it makes cowards of everyone else. Veronika asks, even if the few are right? And Dr. Blake says, especially then. Edward is looking out over the river, and his mouth is starting to open, as if he's trying to speak, when another patient comes up to talk about something nonsensical. Edward puts a hand on his arm as a gesture of comforting him. Mari and Dr. Blake are speaking, and Mari thinks maybe it's time for Dr. Blake himself to leave Villette and live more of his life. When Dr. Blake insists he's helping people, Mari asks how much help it is to give Veronika the will to live again, just when it's too late to do her any good, all in the name of research; even if Edward seems to be benefiting. When Dr. Blake says that Veronika's life, and death, will mean something if she can help Edward by giving him the illusion that he's helping her, through love, Mari is shocked at how small a consolation Dr. Blake is clinging to. Mari then makes the announcement that she intends to leave Villette; she's been offered a job in a legal aid office helping poor defendants, and there's a park nearby where she can bring lunch. She gives Dr. Blake a card with the office address and says she'll be staying with her sister until she can get her own place. She invites him to join her in the park one day, and he says that if his schedule lets up, perhaps he will. As she leaves, Mari tells Dr. Blake not to hide in Villette forever, and calls him by his first name, Alex. Veronika passes by Mari's room, and offers to help her pack her things. Mari says Veronika's piano playing helped her come to her decision; she believes Veronika played with so much soul because she knew her death was imminent, and it made Mari need to recover her own soul; one she lost to a husband, job and house that she never had the courage to leave. Now, she can feel it again. Mari tells Veronika many people never find a single moment like the one she had last night. As a taxi comes to pick up Mari, she sees Edward coming toward her. She gives him an emotional hug and kiss on the cheek, goodbye. Veronika passes by Edward's room, where's he's sketching something furiously on a pad. Nurse White comes by to take Edward for his treatment. As Nurse White is leading Edward to the treatment room, he lets go of her hand, and suddenly speaks his first words in the whole movie: that he needs to leave Villette. Nurse White backpedals, dumbfounded on hearing Edward speak, and calls for assistance. Orderlies, patients, and Dr. Thompson all congregate in the area, orderlies mistakenly thinking Edward needs to be sedated, and he resists. Veronika finds her way there and there is a lull in the mass excitement. Edward whispers to Veronika that she's important to him. Dr. Thompson calls for calm and asks Edward to come with her. Veronika says she's coming along; Dr. Thompson allows this, but has Veronika wait just outside the treatment room. As Veronika watches Edward sleep, Claire comes by. The fact that a dying woman is watching a man sleep, Claire is certain it means that Veronika is in love with Edward. Edward awakens and merely looks at Veronika; she wonders if he remembers any of what happened. But as Veronika sheds a sad tear, Edward suddenly says her name. The two are walking through the grounds that evening. Edward talks about having been a law student when he was 19, and he was in love-- with the dark-skinned woman whose photograph was in Edward's notebook. Edward's father was furious that his son was seriously involved in an interracial relationship, and tried to sabotage it. So when Edward's girlfriend became pregnant, he stole his father's car, and he and his girlfriend ran away, heading west. Late at night, in driving rains, Edward's car ran into a truck. His girlfriend was killed immediately. Even after Edward recovered from his physical injuries, his guilt became too much; he didn't speak or eat because of the trauma. If he'd listened to his father, he'd reasoned, the woman he loved would still be alive. And so, his father quietly deposited him in Villette, as to not be an embarrassment to the father any longer. He thought he'd never be able to get out of Villette, and then Veronika arrived. Edward leans in and kisses her, and suddenly says he knows how to escape Villette without anyone seeing, and offers to take her along. Veronika reminds Edward she has very little time left to live, but Edward just kisses her again. The two execute their plan the next morning, taking only one small bag. Dr. Blake is seen looking out a window; it's not shown whether he sees them. Edward picks a lock and slides the gate open. As he and Veronika make their escape, Dr. Blake sits at his desk and takes a paper out of the drawer; the one on which Mari gave him her business address and phone number. Edward and Veronika make their way to a train leading back into New York City proper. In Manhattan, they see some sites and stop at the taco stand to eat. Veronika then brings Edward back to her apartment, and she has sex with him. That evening they go to a pub, where Veronika has a Guinness. She dances with Edward as Irish folk music plays on the radio. It's the very early hours of the morning, and Edward and Veronika sit on a bench on a pier. Veronika wants to watch the sunrise. As dawn starts to break, Veronika's head slowly drops to her shoulder and she closes her eyes. Edward becomes alarmed, calling her name, but she is unresponsive. Edward looks out over the river and cries; Veronika's time has run out. Or has it? A voiceover from Dr. Blake reads out a letter he's left for Dr. Thompson. In the letter, he tells her that he's placing her in charge of Villette, hoping she'll run the facility with the same dedication he did. Dr. Blake then reveals he knew that Dr. Thompson was investigating his handling of Veronika, and reveals his winning finesse in her treatment plan-- Dr. Blake lied to her about the aneurysm; placing her name on a copy of the echocardiogram taken of Sandra Berowitz. Veronika's heart function is, in fact, normal. Dr. Blake planned on telling her in a couple of days that the treatments had miraculously repaired the damage to her heart, but in light of her departure from Villette-- he had, in fact, watched her and Edward escape-- that became unnecessary. On the pier, Veronika awakens from a nap, to Edward's great joy and relief. Dr. Blake's voiceover to Dr. Thompson continues: he knew Veronika would continue attempting suicide until she finally succeeded, and there was only one remedy he had any faith in: awareness of life, giving Veronika the will to live. Until she finally catches on that she's lived longer than the time she was given, has herself examined, and finds out she's perfectly healthy, each day will be a miracle to her-- something Dr. Blake believes truly is one. A closing montage of scenes shows Dr. Blake joining Mari in the park for coffee; Claire contentedly playing checkers with herself back at Villette, and Veronika, barefoot, trotting happily along the beach with Edward, toward the surf.
tt1294213
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Ben Kalmen (Michael Douglas) is a successful car salesman who is getting his annual physical. His doctor tells him that his EKG indicates he may have heart problems, and is ordering further tests. Six-and-a-half years later, Ben walks through New York City to meet his daughter Susan and her son at a park, and he cant help but notice an attractive young woman. He chafes at being called Granddad and is quite self-conscious about being older, since he is nearly 60. They go on to meet with his ex-wife for lunch, where again Ben spies another attractive younger woman. Ben goes to visit his wealthy girlfriend Jordan, whom he admits is advantageous to him because her father should be able to help him regain his place within the car dealing community. As we learn, in recent years Ben became involved in serious financial scandals that torpedoed his professional reputation, and he is now trying to use Jordan's influence to secure a property for a new dealership. At the moment, Ben has agreed to take Jordans explicitly 18-year-old daughter Allyson up to Boston to visit the college he attended as a young man. Ben is not only an alumnus, but was once so rich that his donations motivated the school to name the library in his honor, so Jordan assumes he will ensure Allysons admission to the school. On the trip, Ben asks Allyson about her penchant for drinking at a young age, and she counters by pointing out that he cheats on her mother. They agree to not badger each other and to enjoy the weekend on their own terms. Once they arrive on campus, Ben quickly confronts an arrogant student who insults him, resulting in fisticuffs between them. Campus security intervenes, confirming that Allyson is indeed 18, and warning Ben to stay out of trouble, even if he is a notable alumnus. Ben meets Daniel, a student assigned to be his guide, while Allyson goes on a tour with a lacrosse player. Ben goes back to Daniels dorm and makes a quick read of him as a romantic loser. Telling Daniel that he needs to seize his opportunities, Ben proceeds to chat up two girls in the hall and gets himself invited to a party, where he tells Daniel that he too was an awkward, working-class kid in college. He says all that changed when he had a crush on a girl and then found out another guy seduced her before him. After his initial shock, Ben learned from the guy that she enjoyed wholly strenuous coitus, and that gave him the confidence to pursue her so that he was soon enjoying rough sex with her. Ben goes back to his hotel where he sees Allyson at the bar being regaled by the lacrosse player. Ben pulls Allyson aside and tells her she stands to gain little from the sexual transaction that is about to happen. After dumping the player then, Allyson continues talking to Ben about how shes had a lot of sex since she was 14, but none of it has been so great. Ben advises her that she needs to take more control of a guy when she has sex, and show her partner what she wants. Allyson asks Ben how he likes sex with her mother, and he coolly responds that she can at least get him off. Exceedingly soon thereafter, Ben is asking Allyson to show him what she wants as they make love in their hotel room. Ben calls Allyson the next morning from bed. She is already on her way back to New York, but says she had fun with Ben and that everything is copacetic. They both agree to not tell Jordan they had sex. Back in New York, Ben gets the good news that his new dealership will be approved, and he joins Jordan to celebrate, along with Allyson, who has somehow already been accepted to the college. Ben joins the two at Jordans swank apartment, only he is chagrined that Allyson shows little interest in spending any more time with him. Away from Jordans earshot, Allyson thanks Ben for helping her over the Daddy thing and says that she used his advice on the next guy she had sex with, whom she was able to mount with assurance and really enjoy the intercourse. For no apparent reason, then Allyson blurts out to Jordan that they had sex while visiting Boston, and walks away. Ben goes to his daughter to explain his pathetic situation. Susans husband walks in the room, objecting to how Ben has lived his life and had such a negative influence on her. Ben comments to Susan that he tried to shield her from the bad aspects of his past, and then slyly asks her if she can loan him money. After learning that the supposedly secure new dealership has fallen through, Ben meets with his private banker, who informs him that his bank needs to release him as a client, given that they can no longer ignore his corruption and losses. Ben becomes irate, yet manages to bring home a woman he vaguely knows, because she is Susans friend. After their night together, the woman asks Ben about his health, and he tells her he has not been back to a doctor in over six years. As a result of sleeping in with this latest conquest, Ben misses his grandsons birthday party. He thereafter brings a cake to Susans house and plays video games with his grandson, but once again asks her for money, making her indignant. He even goes to visit his ex-wife and asks her for money; while they are amicable and she has become quite successful in real estate, she does not support him. As Ben learns from an associate, he has really managed to turn all his friends into enemies. Ben packs up his nice digs and moves to a humbling apartment, where he is unable to pay the rent for two months. Susan shows up, infuriated with him after learning that he not only slept with her friend but has since been ignoring her. When she asks him to seek professional help for all the trouble hes put himself through, he refuses, and she then refuses to see him again. Ben returns to the college town where he took Allyson, because he still has one friend there, a college buddy named Jimmy who now owns a greasy spoon that is popular with local students. Ben asks Jimmy to give him a job, and he agrees. Ben soon wonders why Jimmy does not chase after the college girls, and the old friend explains that after graduation, the girls are not so attractive anymore. Besides, he has a wife at home with whom he is happy. Allyson happens to come by the diner one day and is suspicious that Ben has followed her. He explains that he is not chasing her but simply trying to get back on his feet. Jordan soon calls Ben and tells him that he must leave town because he is a nuisance to her daughter, and she threatens that her father will do even more damage to him. Daniel invites Ben to a party, where the elder ruminates about his sad situation with Allyson and tries to commiserate about women. Ben later asks Daniels girlfriend what she is getting out of that transaction, and she abruptly shuts him down, recognizing that he is coming on to her, asking if he is not too old for such behavior. She says he is not like Daniel smart, sweet, and funny but Ben counters that in fact he once was, only it did not last. On the way home from the party, the drunk Ben is accosted by a thug who beats him and orders him to leave town the next day, saying that Jordans father sent him. Jimmy tries to console Ben, who bemoans how much he has lost in his life due to his misguided transgressions, and then collapses. Ben wakes up in a hospital with Susan by his side, and apologizes for how he treated her friend. Later, a nurse tries to tell him he has a bad heart, but he insists on leaving against medical advice. Ben stops by Daniels building and they awkwardly acknowledge that Ben was lecherous with his girlfriend. Ben tells Daniel to hold on to her if she is good for him. Ben comes across his ex-wife as he walks back across campus, sitting on the bench where they first met in their youth. She asks about his heart tests, and he confesses that on the day he first had trouble over six years earlier, he immediately went out and cheated on her with some random woman he met. He explains that he had been feeling like such a success in life and business up to that time, doing television ads and touting himself as so honest, and after that first affair, he just kept cheating, on his marriage and his finances, because he did not want to deal with the compromises of facing death. He never expected to grow old, he never wanted to become invisible. With sincere concern, Bens ex-wife tells him she can drive him back to New York City. She walks off to her car, leaving him sitting on the bench. He looks over at her, and just then a college girl walks in front of him in the opposite direction. Ben stands up, looking forward, needing to decide which way to go.
tt0298228
Drama,Family
The film's plot follows the story of Paikea Apirana ("Pai")[In the book, her name is Kahu, short for Kahutia Te Rangi], a 12-year-old girl who is the only living child in the line of the tribe's chiefly succession following the death of her twin brother and mother when she was born. By tradition, the leader should be the first-born son a direct patrilineal descendant of Paikea, aka Kahutia Te Rangi in the book, the Whale Rider he who rode on top of a whale from Hawaiki. However, Pai is female and technically cannot inherit the leadership. Pai's koro, Apirana, or Old Paka as his wife Nanny Flowers calls him, the leader of the tribe, is initially angry at losing his grandson and being left with a "worthless" female. While he does later form an affectionate bond with his granddaughter, carrying her to school every day on his bicycle, he also resents her and blames her for many of the troubles facing the tribe. At one point Paikea decides to leave with her father because her grandfather is mistreating her. However she finds that she cannot bear to leave the sea as the whale seems to be calling her back, tells her father to turn the car back and returns home. Pai's father refuses to assume traditional leadership; instead he moves to Germany to pursue a career as an artist. Pai herself is interested in the leadership, learning traditional songs and dances, but is given little encouragement by her grandfather. Pai feels that she can become the leader, although there's no precedent for a woman to do so, and is determined to succeed. Koro decides to form a cultural school for the village boys, hoping to find a new leader. He teaches the boys to use a taiaha (fighting stick). This is traditionally reserved for males. However, Nanny tells Pai that her second son, Pai's uncle, had won a taiaha tournament in his youth while he was still slim, so Pai secretly learns from him. She also secretly follows Koro's lessons. One of the students, Hemi, is also sympathetic towards her, but Koro is enraged when he finds out, particularly when she wins her taiaha fight against Hemi. Koro's relationship with Pai erodes further when none of the boys succeed at the traditional task of recovering the rei puta (whale tooth) that he threw into the ocean this mission would prove one of them worthy of becoming leader. Pai, in an attempt to bridge the rift that has formed, invites Koro to be her guest of honour at a concert of Mori chants that her school is putting on. Unknown to all, she had won an inter-school speech contest with a touching dedication to Koro and the traditions of the village. However, Koro was late, and as he was walking to the school, he notices that numerous right whales are beached near Pai's home. The entire village attempts to coax and drag them back into the water, but all efforts prove unsuccessful; even a tractor doesn't help because the rope breaks. Koro sees it as a sign of his failure and despairs further. He admonishes Pai against touching the largest whale because "she has done enough damage" with her presumption. Also, the largest whale traditionally belongs to the legendary Paikea. But when Koro walks away, she climbs onto the back of the largest whale and coaxes it to re-enter the ocean. The whale leads the entire pod back into the sea; Paikea nearly drowns in the process. When she goes out to sea, Nanny Flowers shows Koro the whale tooth which Pai had previously recovered. When Pai is found and brought to the hospital, Koro declares her the leader and asks her forgiveness. The film ends with the village, including Pai's father, uncle, and grandparents, celebrating her status as leader, as the finished waka is hauled into the sea for its maiden voyage.
tt0361411
Comedy,Drama,Musical
When Balraj, a London barrister of Indian origin, visits Amritsar for a friend's wedding, he brings along his sister Kiran and his American friend, William Darcy. While there, they make the acquaintance of Mr. and Mrs. Bakshi and their four daughters, Jaya, Lalita, Maya, and Lakhi ("Lucky"). Balraj and Jaya feel an immediate attraction, but Lalita is offended by William's condescending attitude toward India and Indians, and even his attempts to apologize all seem to go wrong. After the wedding, William wants to visit Goa, to see whether his company should build a hotel there. Balraj and Kiran will be going with him, and Balraj invites Jaya to accompany them. Mr. Bakshi observes that this would hardly be proper, but Mrs. Bakshi is very eager to see all of her daughters married, and suggests that Lalita go along as Jaya's chaperone. While in Goa, Lalita quarrels with William, saying that a beach resort in Goa is nothing but a way "to go to India without having to deal with Indians". But, during an Ashanti concert, she meets and is drawn to Johnny Wickham, son of the nurse who helped raised William, who explains that William kicked him out of the Darcy household as soon as the elder Mr. Darcy died. Back in Amritsar, the Bakshi family is visited by Mr. Kohli, a distant cousin who has emigrated to America, and become a successful accountant in California. He is very proud of his green card, and very dismissive of India. But one thing that he cannot find in his new country is a nice, old-fashioned, subservient Indian girl, and, as he puts it, "No life without wife." Johnny turns up again, and attends a dance with Lalita. William tries to warn Lalita that Johnny is not all he seems, but she is too angry to listen. Lakhi is also very taken with the handsome Johnny. At a family dinner, Mr. Kohli continues to speak disparagingly of India, when, much to Lalita's surprise, William objects that he has seen much to admire in India; in particular, he thinks rather more of the loving Bakshi family than his own. To her daughters' embarrassment, Mrs. Bakshi speaks openly of her plans for her daughter's future lucrative marriages, despite her husband's attempt to change the subject. Mr. Kohli proposes to Lalita, who turns him down in no uncertain terms, to her mother's dismay; but Mr. Bakshi is proud of his daughter. The next day, Balraj claims a sudden change in plans is forcing his party to return to London early. The Bakshis hear that Mr. Kohli has proposed to Lalita's best friend, Chandra Lamba, who has accepted. There will be a small wedding here, and a larger one in America. That evening, Johnny claims that he has to meet some friends in another village and leaves as well. When all the visitors have left, both Jaya and Lalita are disappointed. Neither Balraj nor Johnny are keeping their promises to stay in touch. Lakhi does not tell anyone that Johnny is answering her letters. For all his vulgarity, Mr. Kohli has a good heart, and sends four tickets to Los Angeles (via London) for Mrs. Bakshi and three of her daughters to attend his wedding. In London, they visit Kiran, but Balraj, it appears, is in New York, where their parents are introducing him to some marriageable girls. At Heathrow, the travelers run into William, who is taking the same flight. He offers to trade his first-class seat with Mrs. Bakshi, which lets him sit next to Lalita. Impressed with his kindness, Lalita finally has a polite conversation with him. He tells her he is glad that Johnny Wickham has not stayed in touch with her, as Johnny is a 'nasty piece of work,' and discusses his own and Balraj's problems of parental influence. Mr. Kohli is holding his wedding at one of the Darcy family hotels, and there we meet William's unpleasant mother, who says that they have lost a fortune over William's taking Lalita's words to heart and passing on the Goa resort idea. William's younger sister, Georgina ("Georgie"), then adds that William has been telling her many nice things about Lalita. Lalita and William are soon dating, but at the wedding, Mrs. Darcy introduces vapid yet well-connected Anne, whom she wants William to marry, as Darcy's girlfriend. After the ceremony, Georgie tells Lalita that William has advised his friend Balraj not to marry an Indian woman with a horrid, fortune-hunting mother. Lalita realizes that Georgie is referring to Jaya, and when immediately after Darcy tries to deny any future with Anne and profess his love for Lalita, she blows up completely at him: "Only you could say you love me and insult me at the same time!" she says. He admits having a part in breaking up Jaya and Balraj, and she angrily walks away from him. Darcy tries to see Lalita the next day, only to find the Bakshis have already left for London. In London, Lakhi leaves "to go shopping", but instead goes off to meet Johnny Wickham and does not come home that night, sending a note telling her family who she is with. The Bakshis are still in shock when William shows up to apologize to Lalita the next day. He says that he has apologized to Balraj, too; that he simply hadn't realized that Jaya was really in love. But Lalita has no time for this; she tells him how Lakhi has run off with Johnny. Darcy is thunderstruck, and tells her that Johnny got Georgina pregnant when she was only sixteen, and attempted to elope with her for her money, and that Darcy had been "left to pick up the pieces". They both go to track them down, first to Johnny's home on a canal boat, then to the London Eye, and, finally, into a Bollywood cinema. There, William and Johnny get into a fist fight in sync with the fist fight on the screen, and, as William and Lalita are pulling Lakhi away, Johnny's big mouth makes it clear even to Lakhi that he's worthless. When they get back to the family, everyone's relieved, and they are greeted with the news that Balraj is there, that he has proposed to Jaya and that she has accepted. Back in Amritsar, it seems the whole city is there to celebrate the double wedding.
tt0330099
Drama
The film opens with a motocross race shot from high above the racetrack. The racers careen around the track and the sound goes in and out as the racers get further from the camera. The camera focuses on one racer in particular, number 77, as he tries to keep up in the race. He is far from first, but is still in the race. As the race sequence draws to a close, we cut to racer #77, Bud Clay (Vincent Gallo) as he puts his motorcycle into his van and catches his breath from the race. He loads the bike into his van and gets behind the wheel. He drives to a gas station, and we discover that we are in New Hampshire. He gets out to fill the tank, and we see him doing so through the window of the service station, where a young girl sits, presumably reading, behind the counter. He finishes pumping the gas and goes inside to pay. Bud notices her necklace and comments on it. The necklace says Violet on it, and she says that she made it herself. She asks him if he was in the race, and he says 'yes'. She then asks him where he's off to, and he says he's going to California for the next race on the circuit. She says that she's always wanted to see California, and he asks her to go with him. She agrees, and they head to her house so she can pack a bag to go. Outside her house, Bud and Violet they kiss and he tells her that he likes her very much. He tells her to hurry and she runs inside while he waits. After about a minute or so of waiting for her, he pulls away, without her. No explanation... he just drives away. Bud is on an interstate headed to California. Through the vantage point of two cameras we alternately see the road and Bud as he drives. Soon he has pulled off the road into a town. He drives through the town, eventually stopping at a house. He walks to the house and tells a middle aged woman who answers the door that he used to live next door, and that the woman's daughter, Daisy, lives with him in Los Angeles. The woman invites him in. Bud sits at the kitchen table with the woman and a man, presumably her husband, and they talk. He tells her that he's going back to California to see Daisy and that she (the mother) had been to visit them, but the woman does not remember Bud at all. She asks if he and Daisy have any children and he tells her that they don't. Next to the table is a brown colored rabbit in a cage. The woman says that it is Daisy's bunny, and Bud admires the bunny for several moments. Bud then says goodbye and gets back in his van and drives off. He drives a good deal more, with Gordon Lightfoot's song "Beautiful" playing over the shots of the road. He comes up on St. Louis and decides to get off the highway. He stops into a pet store and looks at the birds, the fish, he plays with a kitten and some puppies, finally leading him to the bunnies. He asks the clerk how long bunnies live for and the clerk tells him they only live for about five or six years. He takes a particular liking to a brown bunny, but does not take it with him. He just admires it for a little while. He stops into a restaurant, has some food, uses the bathroom, and then gets back on the road for more driving. He drives a little while and stops at a rest area. There is a woman (Cheryl Tiegs) seated at a picnic table near where Bud parks. She looks lonely. We see embroidered on her purse that her name is Lilly, and Bud walks past her to the Coca Cola machine. He buys a Coke, and she watches him the whole time. He walks past her to his van and she continues watching him. He stops before getting in his van and goes to sit next to her. He holds her face, lovingly, and tells her "it's okay." They begin to kiss and they both cry while doing so. After kissing her for a bit, he gets back in his van, leaving her there. More driving. A lot more driving. During his drive, he thinks of a time when he and Daisy (Chloe Sevigny) were together in the van and he cries about this. His next stop is in Utah, where he gets a room in a seedy motel and has a shower. From there he heads out to the Bonneville salt flats where he takes his bike out of the van and races for a while. The shot follows him for seemingly five minutes until he is out of sight on the horizon. We then see him back in his van heading out from the salt flats. More driving. Bud arrives in Las Vegas. He drives for a bit, and at each corner, a woman approaches him asking him if he's looking for a date and he blows them all off. The third woman to approach his van has on a necklace that says Rose. (Note: all of the women's first names that Bud has picked up is named after a particular flower). He tells her he's not looking for a date, and pulls off. He then circles the block and comes back to her. He tells her that he wasn't looking for a date, and asks her if she'd like to have lunch with him. She says that she has to make her money and steps away from the van, but the next shot we see is of her in the van with Bud, eating french fries. They drive around for a bit, and Bud pulls down a side road. He gets out and tells her to get out the van. She does, and he presumably hands her some money, gets back in the van, and leaves her there. More driving, and finally Bud arrives in Los Angeles. Bud pulls into a garage where he's greeted by three mechanics who help him get the bike out of the van. The mechanics hook the bike up to a diagnositic system and check the bike out for him. One of them asks if he's heading to where the race is tonight, and he says that he's staying in L.A. for the night. He gets a room at a local Best Western and from the hotel he gets in his van and drives to Daisy's house. He parks the van in the driveway and goes to the front door. He rings the doorbell twice and knocks, but no one answers. A next door neighbor yells, "there's nobody there!" The neighbor threatens to call the police if Bud continues hanging around. Bud gets back in his van and seems to have given up, but he grabs a piece of paper and a pen and writes Daisy a note which he puts on the door, then heads back to the hotel. At the hotel, Bud calls the front desk and tells them that he's expecting a phone call or that a woman named Daisy will be looking for him, and he tells the front desk to let her up. He goes into the bathroom, and when he comes out, Daisy is standing by the door. She says "hi" to him and talks but he has no reaction to what she is saying. She says that she has to use the bathroom and goes in leaving him on the bed. In the bathroom she smokes crack, making no attempt to hide the fact that she is. She comes out and Bud is still sitting on the bed. She asks if she should go to the store to get something to drink and he says that he doesn't drink anymore. She asks if she can sit on his lap and hold him the way they used to. After asking him several times, he agrees and sits on his lap, holding him close. She gets up to get some water and says she has to use the bathroom again, that she "Drank too much water" before coming over. In the bathroom she takes three more hits off her pipe. She returns to the room and he's seated on the other side of the bed. She asks him why he's being so cold, and not talking, and he doesn't respond. He lies on the bed and she lies next to him and talks to him about how much she's missed him and how glad she is that he's back. They kiss a little, and then a lot more. He tells her to take off her shirt, and she is reluctant at first, asking him to turn off the lights, or if she can get under the covers and he says no. She takes her shirt off, and he removes her pants and her bra. He stands up, and undoes his belt. (Warning: I'm not going to go into too much detail, because, let's face it, it is what it is. We see his manhood, she does the "deed" A full blowjob. It's graphic, but much of it is focused on his face, or on a shot from behind them, so it's not the kind of coverage you would get in say... hardcore oral sex porn. While she is doing the deed, he asks her if she's done this to any other guys, or if she's fucked other guys, and she keeps denying that she did.) When he's done, he puts his piece away and collapses on the bed, crying, sobbing, saying: "Why did you have to do it?" She lays beside him and they jointly tell the following story, which we see in flashback.... Apparently there was a party at the very same house where Bud looked for Daisy. Three guys at the party offered Daisy what she thought was weed, but was more probably crack. She smoked some and Bud yells at her, that she shouldn't have done that because she is pregnant. He said that because she smoked and drank that she lost the baby, and she says that she is an addict... she couldn't help it. Eventually, the alcohol and drugs made her pass out and the three men took her into a bedroom and raped her. As they raped her, Bud saw them doing so but did nothing to stop them. She asks him why he didn't stop them, but he doesn't answer. He just says that he left, he ran away, and when he came back later that night there was an ambulance there. He asks her why there was an ambulance, and she says that... she died. She tells Bud that she vomited while she was passed out and she choked on the vomit and she died. We see Bud kissing the dead Daisy's forehead in the ambulance in the flashback. When it comes back to the hotel room, Bud is on the bed by himself, sobbing. Daisy is nowhere to be seen. The next day, Bud is driving in his van to the race, and the film ends on a freeze frame of his face driving in the desert.
tt0490181
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
It's the year 2707. Earth's natural resources have been exhausted by mankind. Battle rages between the soldiers of four leading Corporations: the Capitol, Bauhaus, Mishima and Imperial. Mitch Hunter (Thomas Jane) and Nathan Rooker (Sean Pertwee), battle hardened Capitol soldiers, fight a desperate battle against a Bauhaus advance. When an errant shell destroys an ancient stone seal, they find themselves facing a new enemy: hideous necromutants, with boneblades that grow from their arms. Mitch barely manages to escape. Nathan does not. The mutants multiply by millions and they destroy all before them. The Corporations' leader, Constantine (John Malkovich), is about to abandon the planet and leave countless innocents to their desperate fate, when he is approached by Brother Samuel (Ron Perlman), leader of the Brotherhood, an ancient monastic order. Samuel is the keeper of the Chronicles, a book that prophesies both the rise of the Mutants, and of the 'Deliverer' that will destroy them. Samuel believes he is that Deliverer destined to journey deep into the earth and destroy the source of the mutant scourge. He manages to recruit Mitch, along with a handful of like-minded soldiers: Maximillian von Steiner (Benno Fürmann), honor bound Bauhaus officer; sword wielding Severian (Anna Walton); street fighter Cpl. Jesus 'El Jesus' de Barrera (Luis Echegaray); fearless beauty Valerie Duval (Devon Aoki); and stoic warrior Cpl. Juba Kim Wu (Tom Wu) . "Mutant Chronicle" follows Mitch and Samuel's mission to venture into the very heart of the darkness in an attempt to save the planet from marauding hordes of deathless mutants. They all will be dying as they plundge themselves into the "Hidden City", now crammed with mutants. Mitch Hunter will be the final hero: he will succeed in closing the seal forever more, but not without getting himself infected and having to use Brother Samuel's mutant-transformed body as a kind of tool. Everything colapses Mitch Hunter, who lets himself die there.
tt0795493
Crime,Drama,Romance
British brothers Terry (Farrell) and Ian (McGregor), who live in South London, were raised by a weak father (John Benfield) who runs a restaurant, and a strong mother (Clare Higgins) who taught her sons to look up to their uncle Howard (Tom Wilkinson), a successful businessman. Both brothers decide to buy a sailboat which they name Cassandra's Dream, after the horse that won the race in which Terry earned the money to buy the boat. Knowing nothing of Greek Mythology, they are unaware of the ominous antecedants of this name - the ancient prophetess Cassandra, whose prophesies of doom went unheeded by those around her. After a day sailing with their current girlfriends and while driving back home in a borrowed Jaguar XK150, Ian crosses paths with beautiful actress Angela Stark (Hayley Atwell), with whom he falls in love. The brothers' financial difficulties -- Terry has a gambling problem, while Ian wishes to invest in hotels in California -- lead them to think about asking for Howard's help. Uncle Howard supposedly comes to London to celebrate his sister's birthday, but when the two brothers ask for his financial help, he reveals a more sinister motive. He admits that he is about to go to jail because of accusations coming from Martin Burns, a business partner who plans to testify against him, and asks his two nephews if they can help to get rid of him. After initial reluctance, the two brothers agree. They make two working zip guns from metal and wood, allowing them to burn them afterwards. In an initial attempt they wait in Burns's home; unexpectedly he is accompanied by a woman. Panicked, they leave and agree to commit the murder the next day. In the next attempt they succeed in carrying out the murder uncaught, and burn the guns. Ian is content to move on as if nothing happened, but Terry is consumed by guilt and begins abusing alcohol and pills. This frightens his girlfriend (Sally Hawkins), who meets Ian to tell him about the situation, mentioning to him that Terry believes he has killed someone. Terry's behavior begins to get out of control, thus terrifying Ian. After Terry confides to his brother that he's thinking about turning himself in to the police, Ian goes to Howard for advice. Together, they agree there is no other alternative but to get rid of Terry. Ian then plans to poison Terry during a trip on the boat. In the end, however, Ian can't bring himself to kill Terry. In a fit of rage, they tussle aboard the boat. In the chaos, Terry knocks Ian against the hull and kills him. Terry, who was already suicidal, snaps and drowns himself.
tt0110729
Crime,Drama
This film is about a Maori family living in Auckland, New Zealand. The parents, Beth and Jake Heke, moved to the city when their tribal elders disapproved of their relationship. Beth (Rena Owen) was descended from the tribal leadership, and seems to have been next in line for leadership when she ran away. Unfortunately Jake (Temuera Morrison) was descended from people who were considered slaves (captives of inter-tribal wars). Rather than be separated they ran away, moved to the city, and got married. They have five children. The film opens with Jake coming home with gifts for his wife and family. He then reveals that he has just been laid off and his wife, Beth, is less than pleased. The viewer almost feels sympathy for Jake at this point. He seems like a man who wants his family to be happy. The truth turns out to be different. Jake has a horrible temper, especially when he drinks. He gets angry easily, and after consuming alcohol he gets violent. Often after a night of drinking at the bar, Jake takes the party home where dozens of intoxicated people flood their home and drink into the early morning. They sing and carry on, even though the children are upstairs trying to sleep. Beth joins in with the drinking and it becomes quickly apparent that they both have a problem. Beth and Jake are very hospitable to their friends, feeding them and allowing them to spend the night. This proves to be problematic in several ways, especially since Jake is unemployed and has 5 children to feed. The children often do not have any food to eat the next day. Jake also savagely beats Beth when he is drunk, which seems to be often. While the physical violence seems to be mostly directed at Beth, it has obviously affected the children as well. The eldest son Nig (Julian Arahanga), is angry and rebellious. He soon joins a gang who sport traditional Maori facial tattoos and think of themselves as warriors. However they seem to have forgotten the honor of traditional Maori warriors, and are really just a gang of violent thugs. It is telling that Nig would rather be with them than his own family. The next oldest son, Mark nicknamed Boogie (Taungaroa Emile), is constantly getting arrested for breaking laws and has to go to court for his most recent encounter. Beth misses her sons court date because of how badly her husband Jake beat her up the night before. The court determines that Boogies parents are not capable of supervising him, and they send him to a boys group home. While Boogie initially resists being in the boy's home, the program director is a strong man who inspires Boogie to look within for inner strength and teaches him the old ways of the tribe, including their traditional chants and martial art: Mau rakau. The oldest daughter, 13 year old Grace (Mamaengaroa Kerr-Bell), has taken on a maternal role in the family. After her parents drunken parties she gets up and cleans up all the empty bottles and gets her two younger siblings ready for school. She even accompanies her brother Boogie to his court date. Her best friend Toot (Shannon Williams) is homeless and lives across town in a car. She goes to him for comfort and escape from her family's violent home. She loves him (platonically) and visits him often to read him stories she has written in her journal. Back at home, nothing has changed and the nightly loud drunken parties still continue. One night, one of Jake's best friends, sneaks into Grace's room and rapes her. He threatens her not to tell anyone. Traumatized about what happened and not knowing who she can turn to, she closes up inside, even pushes away her best friend. When her father disciplines her for not being respectful to the same friend who raped her, she hangs herself in the backyard. Beth knows that the violence in the family caused Grace to kill herself but she does not know about the rape. Devastated, she takes Grace back to the tribe to be buried traditionally. The funeral brings all of the kids back together in unity and in Grace's memory. After the funeral, Beth reads Grace's journal and finds out that Jake's friend raped Grace. Outraged, she goes to the bar to confront Jake and the friend. Jake doesn't believe Beth until she shows him the journal, and then he realizes what happens and commences to beat his friend to death. The movie ends with Beth leaving Jake for good, but unfortunately that will not bring Grace back. Beth closes the movie with the words "Our people once were warriors. But unlike you, Jake, they were people with mana (power), pride; people with spirit. If my spirit can survive living with you for eighteen years, then I can survive anything."
tt0120910
Animation,Comedy,Family
The film begins with the sound of an orchestra tuning and Deems Taylor's introduction from Fantasia. Panels showing various segments from Fantasia fly in outer space and form the set and stage for an orchestra. Musicians take their seats and tune up and animators draw at their desks before James Levine approaches the conductor's podium and signals the beginning of the first piece. Fantasia 2000 premiered on December 17, 1999, at Carnegie Hall in New York City as part of a concert tour that also visited London, Paris, Tokyo, and Pasadena, California. The film was released in 75 IMAX theaters worldwide from January 1 to April 30, 2000, marking the first animated feature-length film to be released in the format. Its general release in traditional theaters followed on June 16, 2000. Some critics praised the film while others singled out its uneven quality. Budgeted at about $80$85 million, the film has earned $90.8 million in gross revenue worldwide. "True Story" Ethan Partington
tt0444653
Comedy,Crime
In the opening scene, as pregnant young Rosie Jones (Emilia Fox) rides on a train, her very large trunk starts leaking blood. When questioned by the police, she calmly reveals that the two dismembered bodies inside are of her unfaithful husband and his mistress. She is then sentenced by the judge (Roger Hammond) to a secure unit for the criminally insane for manslaughter. Forty-three years later, in the village of Little Wallop, Walter Goodfellow, the vicar (Rowan Atkinson) is very busy writing the perfect sermon for a conference, having no idea about the problems in his house, which include the unfulfilled sexual needs of his wife Gloria (Kristin Scott Thomas) who subsequently starts an affair with her golf instructor, Lance (Patrick Swayze); the rebellious nature of his daughter Holly (Tamsin Egerton) who constantly picks up new boyfriends; and son Petey (Toby Parkes) who is bullied by schoolmates. Then everything changes with the arrival of the new housekeeper Grace (Maggie Smith). Walter and Gloria first meet her when they fail to fetch Petey from school and see him strolling with her. Gloria becomes very angry, thinking that Grace is trying to kidnap him and is appeased only when the latter identifies herself by showing an envelope with her name on it. Grace is installed into their lives and learns about some of the problems in the house Clarence, the neighbour's (Mr. Brown's) nuisance-barking Jack Russell terrier, who disturbs Gloria's sleep; the boys who bully Petey; and the golf instructor with whom Gloria is having an affair. Walter does not know anything about any of this - the only problem he has is the toxic blue-green algae in the garden pond. Grace resolves to solve these problems in her own way. She first kills the dog, Clarence, and when his owner finds out that his dog has been killed, she kills him, too. She sabotages the bullies' bicycles, injuring one of them and thereby making Petey very happy. She catches the golf instructor outside the house one night, videotaping Holly undressing, and kills him with an iron. Around the same time, Walter leaves for a Biblical convention. However, Grace is discovered when Gloria and Holly see her picture on the television in a news item mentioning her release and previous offences. It is then that Grace reveals that she is Gloria's long-lost mother, Rosie Jones, explaining why she came to Little Wallop in the first place. Gloria attempts to teach Grace that when having a problem with someone, one cannot just kill them but is baffled when Grace says that that is the one thing she and her doctors could never agree on, implying that Grace's condition is beyond treatment. Despite their disagreements, Gloria tries to help Grace remove Lance's body, but cannot face up to it. Over a cup of tea, the three women decide not to tell Walter or Peter any of what has happened. But all is not over. When nagging congregant Mrs. Parker comes over to discuss the problem of the church flower arranging committee, Grace, under the impression that Mrs. Parker is about to turn them in, attempts to hit her over the head with a frying pan, but is prevented by Gloria. Mrs. Parker, shocked by the murder attempt, has a heart attack and dies. Walter, having just returned from the convention and unaware that she is already dead mutters: "Oh, that flower arranging committee. It'll be the death of her." Soon after this, Grace leaves the family when order seems to be restored among them. At the end of the film, Walter is talking to Bob and Ted, the water works employees, about the pond at the Vicar's house. They say that there is too much algae and the pond needs to be drained. Gloria knows that Grace disposed of her victims in the pond. Gloria, with a disturbingly cheerful expression ("Shall I put the kettle on?"), offers the two men some tea, the film closes with an underwater shot depicting the bodies of Bob and Ted in the pond.
tt0114906
Comedy,Drama
Dawn Wiener (Heather Matarazzo) is a shy, unattractive, unpopular 12-year-old 7th grader in a middle-class suburban community in New Jersey. Her older brother Mark (Matthew Faber) is a nerdy 11th grade high school student who plays the clarinet in a garage band and shuns girls in order to prepare for college. Dawn's younger sister Missy (Daria Kalinina) is a seven-year-old spoiled, manipulative little girl who pesters Dawn and dances happily in a tutu. Their mother (Angela Pietropinto) is a shrewish, overbearing woman who dotes on Missy and always sides with her in disputes with Dawn. Their father is a meek, selfish businessman who always sides with Dawn's mother. Dawn's only friend is an effeminate fifth-grade boy named Ralphy (Dimitri DeFresco), with whom she shares a dilapidated clubhouse in her backyard. Dawn's life in junior high is even more miserable: all of classmates call her names and cover her locker with derisive graffiti, the cheerleaders call her a lesbian, an abrasive teacher unfairly keeps her after school one day for no reason, another girl forces her to use the toilet while the girl watches, and she is threatened with rape by a bully named Brandon McCarthy (Brendon Sexton), who has almost as much trouble socializing as she does. Her attempts to take out her frustrations only get her into trouble. At home, her mother punishes her for calling Missy a lesbian and refusing to be nice to her (considering that Missy is never friendly towards Dawn). The next day at school, Dawn accidentally hits a teacher in the eye with a spitball and she gets suspended for three days. Dawn's stupid and ignorant parents continue to be unsure of what is causing her rude behavior and Dawn refuses to talk to them about her hellish life at school, aware that they will not understand. Brandon's first attempt to rape Dawn after school fails when he does not seem to force himself upon her, but he orders her to meet him again the next day after school. After she presents herself to him and he takes her to an abandoned field, he starts an earnest conversation and only kisses her, even though she is obviously willing. Brandon is clearly not the bad seed that he puts himself out to be, but just like Dawn, he is a socially awkward kid who hides his own unhappiness behind anger and aggression. Meanwhile, Mark's band is joined by Steve Rodgers (Eric Mabius), a cool, handsome 19-year-old guy who intends to become a rock star. Dawn immediately falls in love with him, and she decides to pursue him romantically after he spends some time with her, even though one of Steve's former girlfriends explains to Dawn that she has no chance to become his current girlfriend. As the film continues, Dawn and Brandon treat each other ambivalently. He bonds with her in her clubhouse only after another girl rejects him, and Dawn pursues him only after Steve rejects her. Toward the end of the film, Brandon is expelled from school for suspected drug dealing and, after kissing Dawn, runs away to avoid being sent to military school. Dawn comes over to Brandon's house the day he runs away to visit and sees that his home life is even worse then hers; He has an abusive and alcoholic widowed father, and a mentally retarded older brother who requires constant supervision. After angrily rejecting Ralphy as a boyfriend, Dawn is left with no friends at all. The next occasion of Dawn's embarrassment is a lawn party to celebrate her parents' 18th wedding anniversary. When Dawn refuses to tear down her clubhouse to make room for the party, her mother has Mark and Missy destroy it and gives them her share of a chocolate cake. At the party, Missy humiliates Dawn when she pushes her into a kiddie pool for no reason in front of the assembled guests who laugh at it. That evening, the family watches a videotape of the party, with all of them (except Dawn) laughing when Dawn falls into the water, which further alienates her as her immature parents continue to remain oblivious to Dawn's alienation. Later that night, Dawn smashes the videotape to pieces with a hammer and briefly brandishes her hammer over Missy's bed as she sleeps to bludgeon her to death. But Dawn cannot bring herself to commit murder and instead walks away and goes to bed. Dawn's ultimate personal disaster occurs a few weeks later when her father's car breaks down while he is driving home from work and her mother has to pick him up. Dawn is to tell Missy to find a ride home from ballet class while their mother is away. However, Missy argues with Dawn, who retaliates by not telling her, with the result that Missy is kidnapped by a stranger while she is walking home alone. When Missy's tutu is found in Times Square, Dawn goes to New York City hoping to find Missy and become a hero to make her difficult parents notice and respect her. After a full day and night of searching fruitlessly for Missy, Dawn phones home to check up on what is going on and Mark tells her that Missy has been found by the police after she was abducted by a pedophile neighbor. Dawn returns home dejected and sees that her mother was too preoccupied with Missy's traumatic kidnapping ordeal to even notice Dawn's absence. But at least to Dawn's credit, her parents never figure out that she was indirectly responsible for Missy kidnapping by withholding information from her that led to Missy being abducted in the first place. After this, Dawn's classmates make fun of her as she gives a speech in the assembly hall to thank them for their "emotional support". It is only after the principal orders the unruly students to be quiet, Dawn gives herself enough mental strength to finish her speech. A few more weeks later, school is let out for the summer. Dawn is relieved that her painful ordeal at school is over... at least for the next three months. Afterwards, Dawn's mental state takes a further blow when Mark offers her no hope of a better life until high school... which according to him is will not be much better. As the movie comes to an end, Dawn finds herself literally back where she started... only worse. She is still unpopular and unattractive. Her parents have gone from mistreating and neglecting her to ignoring her completely in favor for Missy's abduction. Rather then counting down the long summer days to go back to school for 8th grade (and thus endure another hellish year of bullying and abuse), Dawn decides to get away from her home life by signing herself up for a month-long school summer trip to Florida's Walt Disney World. Her self-involved parents are still too pre-occupied with their own lives to approve of Dawn's permission to leave for the summer, and do not even notice her packing up to leave, much less say "goodbye" to her. The final scene shows Dawn sitting anonymously among her other classmates on the school bus as she obediently joins other students singing the school anthem during the field trip to Florida as she sorrowfully looks out the bus window to ponder her uncertain future.
tt0109759
Drama
Thomas (Don McKellar) goes through the customs check-in gate at an airport, surreptitiously watched by officials from behind a security mirror, as one guard talks about how to spot a smuggler. When Thomas arrives at his home we see he has large eggs taped to his stomach that he has brought in through customs undetected. As we move to Exotica, a dance club sporting a hot house theme where women dance for men, we are introduced to Francis (Bruce Greenwood) who comes to the club regularly to see his favorite dancer Christina (Mia Kirshner) perform her School Girl performance. They are watched by Eric (Elias Koteas) the club DJ who has a past history with Christina, and who also functions as bouncer when clients violate rules by touching the performers. An accountant by trade, Francis arrives at the pet shop of Thomas the next day to examine his accounting books, unaware that the smuggler has a rare exotic egg at his house that he is incubating. Later that night while attending an opera performance Thomas picks up a man who happens to be the customs officer who had watched him at the airport. Later when the customs officer steals the egg from Thomas, we learn that Francis is part of a larger investigation to see where Thomas has untaxed coming in to his business. The relationship of Eric and Christina is a love affair that has gone sour mainly because Eric made a deal with club owner Zoe (Arsine Khanjian) to allow her to have his child. As announcer for the performers Eric holds a particular bitterness connected with Christina that is apparent in the way he announces her special dance. Eric is jealous that Christina has broken up with him and he resents the attention that Francis gains from the young dancer, so he anonymously suggests that Francis touch Christina as she performs, an act that the two men know is prohibited. When Christina is dancing for Francis, he touches her stomach and Eric violently ejects him from the club. When Francis enlists the aid of Thomas and recovers a gun, he returns to Exotica to confront Eric in a stunning and emotional climax. Yea but who knows what's going on in this movie?
tt0416496
Action,Comedy,Crime
In 1848 in an auditorium of police officers, criminal investigator Quentin Cook is displaying how science can be used to investigate crimes; by using fingerprinting, a magnifying glass and drawing conclusions from evidence. Afterwards, Quentin meets his fiance Clarissa who wants to marry him. At the Capitol Bank and Trust in New York, bank president Ashe is standing in front of a map of Mexico, telling Tyler Jackson the importance of acquiring certain tracts of land in Mexico where a railroad will be built. The land must be acquired within 90 days or the railroad will be built elsewhere. In the Mexican town of Santa Rita, Maria Alvarez is playing Connect with her horse while her father Pedro is inside the bank asking why the bank sold his mortgage to a US bank. The banker Bernardo tell him that the owner of bank don Diego had no option. Maria is sitting outside the bank when seven grim looking men enter the town by horse. When Pedro leave the bank, he is very concerned but Maria promises to speak with don Diego immediately. Tyler Jackson enters don Diego's office, looking at the photos on the wall displaying photos of don Diego's daughter Sara growing up. Sara herself is outside in the courtyard training her horse. When don Diego enters he offers Jackson a drink and tell him that Sara is the spitting image of her deceased mother and that Sara has spent the last 10 years in Europe. When she enters her father's office, don Diego tell her that Jackson's bank has offered to provide much needed capital to his bank. She expresses surprise that a US bank would have any interest in a small rural Mexican one. Jackson's request to have dinner with her is politely rejected. Maria is denied entry to don Diego's house by Jackson's men at the front gate but instead she enters the house from the back. Outside don Diego's office, Maria meet Sara very shortly before don Diego's men capture her. While she is dragged through the house she is screaming that don Diego is a traitor for selling her father's land. Meanwhile don Diego signs a contract with the US bank. They toast to the future. Later, Jackson and his men go to the Alvarez farm to tell him that his loans have been foreclosed and that the bank is taking over the farm in exchange for 1 peso. "Over my dead body" say Pedro before Jackson shoot him down. Jackson give him a receipt before burning the house. Maria is released by the sheriff. When she returns home she finds her father badly injured. Sara is visiting an old friend who has helped her with her horse. When Jackson and his men show up, they explain that his farm has been foreclosed. When he protests he is shot down. Sara ride away from there quickly on her horse. When she returns home she find her father dead in his office. Jackson is there and explains that her father had a fatal heart attack. He explains that her father's property is now his. She excuses herself to go to her room. Instead she flees from the house, Jackson's men unsuccessfully trying to stop her. Maria take her injured father to the church where the priest, padre Pablo, receive them. In the church there are a number of locals who have been evicted by Jackson's men, having nowhere else to stay. Sitting outside her house, Sara is watching as her father's coffin is carried from the house in a procession. Sara and Maria meet when they try to rob the town's only bank at the same time. Sara wants to take back her father's money in order for her to return to Europe, Maria is robbing it for the people who have been evicted and have nothing to live off. Jackson and his men arrive at the same time to inspect the bank's vault. The only thing left in the vault is a flower, left as a greeting by Sara. They stop at the church and get in a fight over how the money should be used, to help the people or for Sara to leave Mexico. They are interrupted by padre Pablo who take them to a cave outside the town where a large number of people is living, now that they have been evicted. Sara have a change of heart and they decide to rob banks together to help the people. Outside the city live Bill Buck, a famous Texan bank robber, and he trains Maria and Sara to use weapons. Maria turn out to be a crack shot while Sara is quite good at throwing knives. When Maria falls into a river, Sara rescue her from drowning. "I guess this makes us friends" asks Maria. "I don't know about friends. But definitely partners" answers Sara. Before departing Buck teach them the three rules of robbing banks: One, nobody gets killed, two, don't take more than you can carry in one hand, and three, getting away is the first rule. The two start robbing friends, now known as the Las Bandidas on the wanted posters. Arriving in the town of Santa Rita by train, the criminal investigator Quentin Cook comes to investigate the claimed fatal heart attack of don Diego. Sara and Maria meet padre Pablo in the church where he tell them that a detective has arrived from New York. They are interrupted by Cook himself knocking on the door of the church. Cook shows a photo of Sara as a child, asking if she and don Diego had any problems. The duo decide to go to Santa Rita to speak with Quentin. In his room at the hotel, Quentin is getting dressed, wearing only a towel when Sara and Maria enter, dressed in dancer's costumes showing a lot of cleavage. They tie him up and have a photographer take photos of all three of them in provocative positions on his bed, threatening to have the set of photos sent to his fiance. When asking about his criminal investigation he tell them that he believe that don Diego was poisoned. Also, Sara teach Maria how to kiss a man, practising on Quentin. They bring Quentin with them to the bank in town, showing the land deeds locked in the vault, explaining to him that Jackson is taking over land where a railroad will be built. In the office, Quentin find bottles of wine and a small bottle of poison. When Jackson's men unexpectedly show up at the bank, Sara and Maria manage to get away by taking a very compliant Quentin hostage. It is revealed that Quentin is the son in law of the president of the Capitol Bank. When he hears this, Jackson decide that capturing the Bandidas is the first priority, bringing in extra men. Sitting around a camp fire in a forest, Quentin tell Maria of how a criminal can be found by looking for fingerprints at a crime scene. When Sara returns she complains of how difficult life has become now that she, a young lady, must live as a renegade without parents. Quentin explains that he would like to help them. Maria and Quentin visit a bank, properly dressed as a young married couple, expressing an interest in depositing jewels for safe keeping. The bank is heavily guarded by Jackson's men. The bank manager is happy to show them the safe. Maria draw a gun and Quentin open the safe using his expertise. They blow a hole through the roof and leave the bank with a lot of money. Jackson's men are alerted by the explosion but find the bank robbed and their horses disappeared. The governor and his ministers meet Jackson to express their deep concern that banks belonging to Capitol bank are not safe. Jackson show the governor how all the banks will be equipped with a new alarm system. Until all banks have been equipped, all money will be kept in the headquarters of the Banco de Mejico. Quentin and Sara visit that branch of the bank and hear of the new alarm system. With the help of an accomplice they get drawings of the alarm system and the keys to the vault. Using a rope, a pair of skates and a blowgun with poisoned darts, the trio try to rob the Banco de Mejico of all its money. Instead they are captured by Jackson's men. Luckily they are freed by the locals, including Maria's father and padre Pedro. At a meeting with the governor and his minister, Jackson promises that the gold reserve will be sent to Texas. The trio hears of this and decide to get their hands on the gold. In a quiet moment, Maria and Sara agree that they are now friends, not only partners. The gold reserve is being transported to Texas by train. The Mexican governor, the president of the Capitol Bank and Trust and his daughter Clarissa are on the train. Jackson is also on the train, intending to use the train as a bait to capture the Bandidas. Before kicking the governor off the train, Jackson explain to him that he is going to keep the gold for himself. The Bandidas enter the train with Quentin, have their revenge on Jackson and Quentin is reunited with his fiance Clarissa. In the end the Bandidas ride off together, heading for Europe where the banks are bigger.
tt0072308
Action,Drama,Thriller
In the opening scene, Doug Roberts (Paul Newman) travels by helicopter to San Francisco where he is chief architect for Duncan Enterprises, an architectural firm specializing in skyscrapers. Their greatest project, the Glass Tower, is 1,800 feet high and with 137-floors. It is set for dedication in San Francisco, and a lavish ceremony is scheduled to include Mayor Robert Ramsey (Jack Collins) and Senator Gary Parker (Robert Vaughn). Jim Duncan (William Holden), the company's president, is wooing Senator Parker because his support for an urban renewal effort will allow the company to build more such skyscrapers. When Roberts flies back to San Francisco for the party, he finds in his office his fiancee, magazine editor Susan Franklin (Faye Dunaway), and when the two renew romantic acquaintances, she reveals that she has received a long-sought promotion - which throws a wrench into their plans to move to the countryside to have a family. Doug, however, is interrupted when he gets a call from the Tower utility room in the building's massive basement. In routine checking of the building's generators, a power surge blows out a circuit breaker - and unknown to everyone the surge blows out another circuit breaker, this one on the 81st floor in a large storage closet that sends a wire flopping onto shop rags that catch fire. Roberts consults his pal, Will Giddings (Normann Burton), and the two confront Jim Duncan about the wiring; Duncan's chief electrical engineer is his son-in-law, Roger Simmons (Richard Chamberlain), and to all three men's chagrin Simmons cannot be reached by phone. While Will Giddings works with the building's chief security officer, Harry Jernigan (O.J. Simpson), on the electrical systems, Doug Roberts tracks down Roger Simmons and his wife Patty (Susan Blakley), and confronts Simmons about the wiring. Simmons, a thoroughly oily man, insists the wiring is up to city safety codes, but those codes are not sufficient for an 1,800-foot skyscraper. Simmons nonetheless blows off Doug, which agitates Patty as she doesn't want her father's business to suffer because of him. The dedication ceremony goes off as scheduled and the entire building is lit up for the party in the Promenade Room some 135 floors up. Doug and Will miss the party as they examine more wiring, and find it to be in worse shape than they could have imagined. Roberts gruffly orders the main utility room to shut off the power overload (in the process overruling Jim Duncan), then he and Will head to the 81st floor to check relay systems - just as security cameras detect smoke from that floor's storage closet and Harry Jernigan has the fire department called. He proceeds to 81, but before he arrives Doug, Will, and other executives spot the smoke and the fire erupts into the hallway, engulfing Will Giddings. Doug and the others smother Giddings in drapes while one man grabs a fire hose and begins spraying the flaming storage closet. Jernigan arrives and orders Doug to call an ambulance and also to call Jim Duncan and evacuate the Promenade Room while he helps get Giddings to the ground floor. But when Doug calls Duncan, Duncan insists the fire won't spread, and insists that Doug attend the ceremony. The fire department now arrives in force with Battalion Chief Mike O'Halloran (Steve McQueen), who has a distaste for architects because they insist on building skyscrapers even though the department can't easily fight a fire above seven floors. Despite this antagonism, Roberts and O'Halloran work together as the department sets up a forward command two floors below the fire. O'Halloran quietly goes to the Promenade Room and confronts Jim Duncan to evacuate the area, and Duncan reluctantly proceeds. But a gas line ruptures and explodes, detonating more fires around the building and reaching the main elevator banks - and catching a crowd of partiers taking the elevator down only for the elevator to stop on the fire floor and the blaze to engulf them. While evacuating the party guests into the elevators, Senator Parker suggests to Duncan that it will take a great deal of time to evacuate using this method, and suggests "those with stout hearts and trim waistlines" use the stairs. They try the first exit, but immediately find smoke when they open the door. They then try the other door, but it appears stuck. They enlist the aid of Carlos, the head bartender, but the three men are unable to find a way to open the fire door. One of the partiers, painter Lisolette Mueller (Jennifer Jones), being entertained by shady businessman Harlee Claiborne (Fred Astair), doesn't evacuate the building; she instead rushes to the 87th floor where a deaf woman, Mrs. Allbright, lives with her two children, who are students of hers. When security cameras spot Mueller, Harry Jernigan and Doug rush to the 87th floor to rescue the Allbrights. Jernigan rescues Mrs. Allbright, but the fire cuts off her two children and Lisolette Mueller, and when a gas line explodes on the stairway, Doug, Mueller, and the Allbright children must trek up 47 floors to the Promenade Room, in the process surviving a gas explosion that shatters the stairway. They eventually arrive on the 135th floor but now must find a way through a fire door sealed shut by construction cement left over from the week. When word of the sealed door reaches the fire department, two firefighters laboriously trek up to the 135th floor and succeed in blowing open the door, but the stairway below has been destroyed, and with the power failing, the best hope to evacuate the Promenade Room now is helicopter landing on the rooftop helipad - which disintegrates when several panicking partiers rush to the chopper and it has to swerve out of the way and promptly crashes. Now the only hope is to set up a breeches buoy from a building a block away. Doug, however, activates a gravity brake on the outside elevator, so twelve people - the women who were to be carried out on the helicopter, plus the Allbright children, Lisolette Mueller, and one of the two firemen - can at least get to the ground. This, however, goes wrong when more explosions tear the elevator off its track and throws Lisolette Mueller into a fatal fall, forcing O'Halloran to lead a laborious effort with a helicopter to wrench the elevator from its track and place it on the ground with the survivors. After hours of work, the fire reaches critical mass, and O'Halloran is given the grim truth - the only hope left is to explode the building's water tanks on the roof,as they hold one million gallons of water and blowing the tanks is the last hope of extinguishing the fire. This option, however, may kill the remaining partiers trapped on the Tower. O'Halloran explains the plan to Roberts, and while Roberts is explaining it to the remaining trapped guests, the fire makes itself visible. Simmons leads a pack of followers in a takeover of the breeches buoy. He gets in, and Senator Parker attempts to drag him out and restore order so the appropriate people can go. The weight of Parker, Simmons, and several other men carry the breeches buoy out of the window. Simmons pushes Senator Parker and several other men hanging on the breeches buoy to their deaths 135 floors down. Simmons' victory is short-lived, as the rope to the breeches buoy parts, and Simmons falls to his death as well. O'Halloran is helicoptered to the roof. Once there he and Roberts set to work planting explosive charges, then secure themselves with the remaining partiers in the Promenade Room for the fateful vigil before the explosion and ensuing flood. The fire is put out, with the cost of some who aren't securely tied down. Harlee is informed that Lisolette didn't make it, and in grieving disbelief he impotently yells out here name; Jernigan finds him and gives him her cat, Elke, whom he holds, tearing up both in grief and in shame at himself. Patty is also grief-stricken by the death of Simmons. Reunited with Susan, Doug feels the glass Tower should be left shutdown as a "shrine to all the bullshit in the world". He also accepts O'Halloran's bitter comment about architects and the need for them to consult the fire department on how to build skyscrapers.
tt0081534
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
Celebrating the success of his first play, Richard Collier (Christopher Reeve) is approached by an elderly woman who presses an antique pocket watch into his hand and whispers, "Come back to me." A few years later, during a period of writer's block, he sees a photograph in a hotel museum, and learns that this elderly woman was once a talented and lovely actress. Drawn mysteriously to the expression on the woman's face in the photograph, he turns to a former professor for insights on time travel. For he must find her, even if he has to go back to 1912 to do so. Self-hypnosis, and removing reminders of the modern present are the keys, and Collier eventually awakens the day before Elise McKenna's (Jane Seymore) August 1912 performance at the Grand Hotel. McKenna's manager, William Robinson (Christopher Plummer) is an obstacle. There are hints that he is clairvoyant, and he fears the man who will change McKenna's life. His attempts to separate the couple, however, backfire, causing his protogee to resent him. Elise and Richard press on, and are eventually able to declare their love for each other. A tiny forgotten object from 1980 pulls Richard away from his beloved, and all his attempts to re-hypnotise himself and return to 1912 fail. His grief overwhelms him, and he dies. On the "other side," the young Elise is waiting to welcome him, and the lovers are reunited.
tt0088993
Horror,Thriller
Restless and alone in a brick-walled room, a woman named Sarah (Lori Cardille) sees a calendar before her on the wall. It is the month of October and every day is crossed out. While gazing at the image of a pumpkin patch, a dozen decayed arms punch through the wall clutching at her.... She wakes from this surreal horror in the back of a helicopter. She's reminded she is living a real nightmare, looking down over a deserted Fort Meyers, Florida, in which they land near an abandoned harbor. She is part of a four-person team searching for survivors of a gruesome crisis that began almost a year earlier, a plague that started mysteriously and eventually collapsed human civilization. Her sometimes lover Private Miguel Salazar (Antonè DiLeo), an overworked and nerve-wracked soldier, calls for survivors on a bullhorn as they stand on the edge of the street of this now decaying town. Amid the scattered palm fronds, a newspaper blows in the death-scented wind near an early century federal building. It's big bold headline: THE DEAD WALK! (possibly one of the last papers ever printed). The unburied and/or recently dead have returned to life, attacking humans to devour their flesh, most of them becoming zombies, thus adding to their population. No scientist-no army, could contain or cure it. Now the only living creatures in the outside world are the alligators, tarantulas and land crabs that scavenge remains in the streets of this city of the living dead. The hundreds of wailing hordes of dead humans turn towards the bullhorn calls and en masse, march toward the survivors instinctively like cattle, forcing the team to head back to their sanctuary. The helicopter lands almost out of gas inside the military compound surrounded by wire fence. An army of the living dead have managed to find the post and surround the entrance gates, their numbers growing every day. Two more soldiers help secure the chopper, giving their new past times an afternoon break: Johnson (Gregory Nicotero), who reads the last issues of porno magazines while Torrez (Taso N. Stavrakis) grows gardens of marijuana plants. John (Terry Alexander), the calm Jamaican pilot and his flask-swilling Irish buddy and radio operator Bill McDermott (Jarlath Conroy) are anxious to get on the elevator but not before urging the soldiers to fill the chopper up with gas. Sarah notices Miguel is becoming increasingly stressed and despondent. He hasn't gotten out of the chopper yet and apparently wasn't aware they even landed. They descend into the underground sanctuary Seminole Storage Facility, where they will not see sunlight again for days. Miller (Phillip G. Kellams) is another military officer waiting below for results of the team's search. This time he can tell it was "another waste of time". Everyone has to stay in the cold, lonely, clinical white cubicles of the complex while John and Bill choose to stay in one of the Winnebagos stored near the barricades. These are the corrals leading to miles and miles of caves occupied by bats... and specimen zombies, collared at an earlier time by the government. Major Cooper, the commanding officer who died earlier that morning, was buried above the complex near five other graves of men the unit has lost (four soldiers and one civilian scientist). The men had been lost to the dangers of capturing the hostile specimen zombies corralled from the caves. Sarah and her group meet Privates Steel (Gary Howard Klar) and Rickles (Ralph Marrero), two more soldiers who are now in charge of the zombie corralling as Dr. Logan has requested two more guinea pig zombies for his experiments. Sarah and Miguel are asked by the two soldiers to go along with them. Though tired from the 24-hour search mission, they agree and off they go into the caves in the golf cart towards the corral. At the corral capturing pen, Steel and Rickles both sexually harass Sarah verbally before the shell-shocked Miguel, who is of course, oblivious. Then Steel, making his sexism clearer than ever refuses to have Sarah handle the capture and Miguel defiantly takes on the dangerous task to prove himself. He loses control of a particularly excited female specimen jeopardizing the lives of all involved. Sarah manages to re-snare the female zombie before it can bite Rickles. The hot-tempered Steel, enraged that his buddy Rickles was almost lost because of his actions, grabs Miguel, forcing him into the clutches of a caged zombie. Sarah orders him to let him go aiming her Uzi sub-machine gun as a possible consequence. After all is said and done, two more specimens are brought back to the lab for study. Miguel is sedated by Sarah in his room, while he uncontrollably berates her. In the dining hall, Dr. Ted Fisher (John Amplas) pleads for sterile equipment to conduct proper tests on the specimens. He discusses this with the hostile Captain Rhodes (Joe Pilato), now in charge after Major Cooper's death, who is also beginning to question the research that has been going on in the months the team has been sharing the facility. Sarah enters and asks that Miguel be taken off active duty as a result of the incident earlier, but Rhodes refuses by claiming that he has no one to replace Miguel. Sarah and Rhodes get into an argument about Miguel's best interests before she and Dr. Fisher walk out. Throughout the day, Dr. Matthew Logan (Richard Liberty), derisively called "Frankenstein" by the soldiers, works on captured specimens, vivisecting the ghouls' chests and removing their organs. When Sarah enters his dark operating theatre to inform him of the meeting Rhodes has scheduled, he excitedly explains that the dead do not eat flesh out of hunger, but rather motor instinct. Another corpse is under a sheet. Logan reveals this one to be only a body with its face carved away leaving only the brain exposed. With electrodes leading to a machine, Logan begins shocking the corpse back to momentary life. Sarah notices Major Cooper's fatigues on the floor. Logan confesses the faceless body is Cooper's corpse and that he had switched it with a specimen's for burial. He wanted a fresh corpse, believing his studies could be furthered. Captain Rhodes holds a 7:00 pm meeting with the remaining 12 of the group. Frustrated that he has already lost five soldiers, including the commanding officer, while capturing the dangerous specimens for their "research" Rhodes makes threats to shut the operation down during the meeting in the dining hall. He is aware that the unit is low on ammo, food, medical supplies and now his own men. McDermott explains that his radio equipment is outdated and this makes the soldiers think that there may indeed be survivors but that they are out of radio signal range. When Sarah gets up to leave in the middle of bickering between Steel and McDermott, Rhodes threatens to have her shot. In fact he announces anyone who challenges his orders will be shot. None of this is taken seriously by the scientists who have gotten used to threats and the soldiers' depraved harassment. Later on, Sarah finds herself unable to sleep on the floor of the cubicle as Miguel lays in bed. By now he must be awake. He leans over and his whole chest has been surgically opened and as he turns toward her, his entrails spill out. Sarah is dreaming of course, the result of the visit to the lab earlier that day. She wakes to find Miguel is indeed up and waiting to hassle her about her fear she tries to keep a secret. She finally loses it, screaming at Miguel to leave the room. A few moments later, she wanders the hall of the complex, nearly getting caught in the middle of a scuffle between the soldiers, whose fight spills out into the hallway. She meets up with McDermott, who has been wandering the halls too. They head back to the "Ritz"-the Winnebago where he stays with John. Serving Sarah drinks, John treats her to the relaxed Caribbean atmosphere he's created in the trailer. John also gives a lengthy philosophical lecture on how he believes that the Creator has cursed mankind and that there can be no cure for zombification. So he urges Sarah to forget about the research and wants to leave before the soldiers lose it completely. The next day, Sarah finds Fisher frustrated that the specimens are not accepting a meat substitute called Beef Treats. Logan is trying to convince them that reward is the key to conditioning them. "Bub" (Howard Sherman) is one specimen that seems to be under control. Logan has spared him from dissection, and instead reacquaints him with toothbrushes, razors, phones, books, tape player and even an unloaded gun. His infantile, docile behavior is unique among the zombies although Rhodes and the men witnessing this progress still think these creatures should all be destroyed. The next day, there's another capture attempt. Miguel once again loses control of a female specimen-an old lady, unleashing her on an unsuspecting Miller who is bitten on the neck. His finger is on the trigger of his machine gun when it goes off killing Johnson in the process. Sarah destroys this female zombie. Miguel is then thrown into a fit of denial, attacking the priest specimen which takes a huge bite out of his forearm, forcing Miguel into hysterical shock. The priest is destroyed by Steel. Sarah runs after Miguel now fleeing towards John and Bill's area. Miller begs for Steel to end his life as he knows he would certainly become cursed with living death. Steel looms over him and blows the soldier's brains out. John and Bill hearing Miguel's cries, wait in front of the Ritz. As Sarah draws John's machete from his belt, Miguel is overcome by a blow to the head and laid down. Sarah amputates his mutilated arm in one clean slice. After a hasty treatment, the soldiers led by Rhodes confront the three heroes, ready to kill Miguel. John and Bill draw guns to defend his life. Rhodes declares that there will be no more experiments and that the specimens will be destroyed tomorrow. Leaving her shaken, Sarah finally breaks down and John comforts her. That night, going back to the lab for medical supplies for Miguel, Sarah and Bill discover Johnson's decapitated head has been reanimated by Logan. Horrified, they follow Logan from the refrigerator room into Bub's room. There they witness the rewards he had stressed all along... the fresh remains of Miller and Johnson. Just as the two realize what Logan has done, Rhodes and the remaining soldiers appear behind them, and drags the pleading Logan into the refrigerator to finish him off with a machine gun...amidst the dumped corpses of the military men killed in the capture attempts. He then orders the guns removed from Sarah and Bill. Then out by the corral area, ordering John to get ready to fly, Rhodes fires a bullet into the head of Fisher to make his point. Rhodes orders Sarah and Billy into the cages leading into the zombie-infested caves. John refuses to go anywhere until they are released. Then they hear the sound of the elevator powering up. Steel and Rickles discover Miguel has taken apart the control box and that there is no way out of the complex now. They try to rewire it while Rhodes is attacked by John and knocked out. John flees with Rhodes' guns through the corral area to search for his friends in the caves. John yells for Sarah and Billy and kills many would-be specimens in his pursuit. Rhodes finally wakes up and he and Torrez head back to find Steel and Rickles after realizing they are without weapons. A few moments later they would need any and all weapons they could get. The deranged and suicidal Miguel had escaped and opened the front entrance gates above the complex. He is savagely eaten alive as the elevator lowers, carrying the hundreds of zombies with it. The three remaining soldiers run for their lives but are attacked and dismembered one by one by ten or more ghouls at once, until the whole place is infested. Steel makes it to the complex where he finds the cowardly Rhodes had locked everyone out. Steel blasts open the door and enters taking all the dead with him. He hides in a lab where Bub finds him... firing one of the weapons he had found near the refrigerator room where he found his slain master, Logan. Just as Steel reloads his weapon and has an opportunity to kill Bub from behind a door, he is reunited with the mob of zombies who've entered the room through another door. After he gets bitten on his shoulder, Steel commits suicide, rather than suffer the fate of either being eaten alive by the mob of zombies or becoming a zombie himself. While John finally meets up with Sarah and Billy near the silo, Rhodes desperately goes for his last bit of ammunition and has a final encounter with Bub still firing his pistol (his aim getting better) who leads him to a door where a group of the dead are waiting. In a few moments, the dead are all over the labs and storage rooms feasting on the remains of the soldiers. Rhodes is torn apart and eaten alive, his last words are "CHOKE ON 'EM!!" When the three survivors finally exit the silo they see at least a hundred zombies marching towards them and the helicopter... which may or may not have any gas. John and Bill cover Sarah as she runs to the chopper door. She opens it only to be greeted by another swarm of arms... However, this is another of Sarah's dreams. She wakes up on some island with John fishing in the surf and birds overhead. On her calendar, she marks out November 4th - the Day of the Dead according to Latin American folklore.
tt0080736
Action,Sci-Fi
The USS Nimitz, one of the United States' largest aircraft carriers, is on maneuvers in the Pacific Ocean near Hawaii. The ship's captain, Matthew Yelland, oversees training flights of the ship's compliment of F14A Tomcat fighter jets and A7 Corsair fighter-bombers. Also on the carrier is Warren Lasky, a systems analyst for one of the corporations that designed and built the ship; he is to observe the Nimitz on its maneuvers. One of the ship's sonar crew notices a large and unusual storm approaching the Nimitz. When Yelland orders the ship's course to be changed, the storm follows - just as a Corsair reports it cannot land on the ship due to damage to the plane's tail hook. Yelland orders alert just before the storm overtakes them and swallows them. The Nimitz emerges from the storm unharmed and is able to land the stray Corsair that went through as well. Yelland orders reports from all stations and the ship appears to be in perfect order. The radio operator of the boat receives strange broadcasts from Hawaii; they sound like classic radio from the pre-World War II era, leaving everyone puzzled. A photo reconnaisance aircraft is sent up to take photos of Pearl Harbor, and when it returns the photos prompt Yelland to bring up the ship's Wing Commander, Richard Owens, who is also a World War II history expert; he compares the shots to several from a book he has and he determines that they are nearly identical and that fleet in Pearl at the present moment was sunk by the Japanese Imperial Air Force nearly 40 years before. The ship's radar operator reports the presence of a small boat several hundred miles from the Nimitz, so Yelland has two F14s launched to investigate. The nearby boat is a yacht, the personal boat of a popular United States Senator, Samuel Chapman and his personal assistant, Laurel Scott, whom are enjoying a day in the sun. They spot the two F14s as they speed over the boat, unable to comprehend the speed of the jets. The F14s then receive word of another pair of radar contacts and when they arrive to investigate the location, one pilot excitedly reports that the two contacts are World War II era Japanese "Zero" planes. A few minutes later, the Zeros fly over Chapman's boat. The Zeros suddenly execute sharp turns and open fire on the boat. Chapman, Scott and the yacht's other crewman all abandon ship, which explodes when the Zeros make another pass and again open fire. The pilots also strafe the survivors in the water, killing the crew member. The F14 pilots witness the attack but are under orders not to engage the Zeros. At the urging of Yelland's XO, Dan Thurmond, the captain orders the F14 pilots to make a supersonic run over the Zeros in an attempt to frighten them off. The Zeros open fire on the Tomcats, and when radar shows the Zeros are on a course toward the Nimitz, Yellend orders the American pilots to open fire; they thus easily shoot down both Zeros. A helicopter is dispatched from the Nimitz to pick up Chapman, Scott and one of the Zero pilots. Back on board the Nimitz the three survivors are sequestered belowdecks. Chapman, angry at being held against his will, is identified by Commander Owens. Owens determines that the storm that swallowed the Nimitz hours before has displaced the carrier in time and deposited them in the Pacific Ocean on December 6, 1941, one day before the Japanese sneak attack on Pearl Harbor. Owens also shares the story of Chapman himself; just prior to the Japanese attack, Chapman and Scott were both declared lost at sea under unsolved circumstances. Chapman himself was considered to be a strong contender to beat Franklin Roosevelt for the presidency of the United States. By interfering with the attack on Chapman's yacht, the presence of the Nimitz has altered history and Chapman's survival may severely disrupt the space-time continuum. Yelland is, of course, opposed to simply executing the Senator and orders him held until they can figure out how best to deal with the disruption they've started. Another, larger question arises: should the Nimitz, presumably unable to return to its own time, and with armaments and aircraft two generations more advanced than anything in 1941, engage the Japanese fleet and air force and prevent the attack on Pearl Harbor? Dan Thurmond believes so while Lasky is torn by the idea, stating that this type of interference in history could have very serious consequences. Yelland grapples with the idea himself and determines that the Nimitz, bound by its loyalty to engage all enemies no matter the place or time, will participate in the battle. Meanwhile, the Japanese prisoner converses with Lt. Kajima, a Japanese-speaking member of the Nimitz' crew, and demands access to a radio to contact his own superiors. At one point, Chapman's Golden Retriever escapes from the room where his master is being held and runs into the room holding the Japanese pilot. The pilot is able to disarm a marine guard and seize his rifle, opening fire and killing a few crew members. He reiterates his demands through the translator and holds several people hostage, including Owens and Lasky. Owens is ordered by Yelland to tell the pilot that they are from the future, citing his knowledge of the names of the ships of the Japanese Imperial fleet nearby. The pilot is temporarily overwhelmed by the news and is distracted long enough for marines to move in and kill him. Yelland's intention of stopping the destruction of the American fleet at Pearl remains unchanged. As a safety precaution and the method best determined to restore the space-time continuum to normality, Chapman and Scott will be left on a nearby deserted island while the attack takes place. A helicopter takes them out, with Owens, to the island. Scott and Owens both jump out onto the sand, however Chapman seizes a flare pistol and demands to be flown back to Hawaii. A crew member tries to take the pistol, which goes off, causing the chopper to explode, killing Chapman and the crew. Owens and Scott are stranded. Back on the Nimitz, Yelland addresses his crew, telling them that they will engage the Japanese Air Force as they attack Pearl Harbor. However, just after the Nimitz' strike phalanx is launched, the same sort of storm that propelled the Nimitz through time appears again. Yelland aborts the counterattack and the ship is consumed again and delivered to the same spot and the same date and time where it was initially displaced. The aerial armada emerges from the storm intact and its aircraft safely land on the carrier. The Nimitz returns to Pearl Harbor and Lasky is met at the pier. The door of a nearby limousine opens and Senator Chapman's dog, still on the Nimitz when it was sent back into the future, jumps inside. Lasky gets in the limo and sees both Laurel Scott and Commander Owens, both aged nearly 40 years. Lasky is told by Owens that they "have a lot to talk about."
tt0098141
Action,Crime,Drama
5 years ago, Detective Jake Berkowitz's partner Frank Castle and his family were assassinated in a mafia car bombing and since that tragic day, 125 criminals have been slain by a psychotic killer whom calls himself The Punisher and Berkowitz has been following The Punisher's trail since. Nobody knows who The Punisher is and why he has killed these criminals. The only one who know the true identity of The Punisher is Berkowitz and Berkowitz knows The Punisher is Frank Castle. As The Punisher, Castle has begun his personal crusade to punish criminals and to punish those responsible for his family's assassination and he lives in the sewers beneath the streets of the city. After Castle kills his latest victim, mobster Dino Moretti. Gianni Franco, head of the Franco crime family decides to unite other crime families to form a powerful criminal organization. But, the head of the Yakuza Lady Tanka abducts Franco's son and heir Tommy and the children of the members of the Franco crime family and holds them hostage and threatens to sell them to child slave traders, if Franco and his associates refuses to cooperate and agrees to her demands. After demolishing the Yakuza's illegal casino, Castle learns from his informant Shake, a stage actor turned alcoholic bum about the children's abduction and Castle sets out to rescue the children. After Castle is captured and tortured by the Yakuza and manages to escape and frees the children, Castle is arrested and is forced to stand trial for his ongoing killing spree. But, Franco frees Castle from police custody and demands Castle to help him break into Yakuza headquarters and help him get back Tommy and Castle reluctantly forms a temporary alliance with Franco and Castle and Franco set off to rescue Tommy and take down Lady Tanaka and the Yakuza.
tt0210070
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
In a small suburban neighborhood, a mother finds her dog's mutilated body strung across the lawn. Meanwhile, a slideshow of Brigitte (Emily Perkins) and Ginger Fitzgerald (Katharine Isabelle) creating staged deaths for a school project plays in their classroom. Their teacher and the school's guidance counselor, Mr. Wayne, (Peter Keleghan) demands to see them after class. Later, they smoke cigarettes and play "Search and Destroy" on the school's game field, dissing people they dislike, and imagining how they may die. Trina Sinclair's (Danielle Hampton) friend overhears Brigitte describing Trina's character and death, and tells Trina. The sisters notice this, and Ginger tells Brigitte she will "cover her" in the game. However, as Ginger is distracted, Trina pushes Brigitte into the remains of a dog, a victim of the Beast of Bailey Downs, a wild animal which has been killing pet dogs. Together, Brigitte and Ginger decide to kidnap Trina's dog that night, and imply that the Beast of Bailey Downs killed it. They set out and find the mutilated corpse of another dog. They decide to take it with them to convince Trina it is actually her dog, but, as they pick it up, a leg comes off in Brigitte's hand. Brigitte notices blood on Ginger, thinking it is from the dog, but it proves to be from Ginger's first period. The Beast of Bailey Downs attacks, and drags her into the woods screaming. Brigitte rescues Ginger. As the sisters flee, they narrowly escape being hit by an approaching van driven by Sam (Kris Lemche), which hits and kills the Beast. Brigitte finds Ginger's wounds are already healing and begs her to go to a hospital. Ginger refuses, as she does not want their mother (Mimi Rogers) to find out. After a few days, Ginger begins to grow hair from her wounds, sprouts a tail and menstruates heavily. A rift forms between the sisters after Ginger smokes marijuana with Jason, and aggressively pursues him. Ignoring Brigitte's warnings, she has unprotected sex with Jason, then kills a neighbour's dog. Frightened by what is happening to Ginger, Brigitte turns to Sam. Agreeing the Beast of Bailey Downs is a lycanthrope, he suggests a pure silver ring may cure Ginger. Brigitte persuades Ginger to have her navel pierced using the ring, but it is ineffective. Later, Trina goes to the Fitzgerald house claiming Ginger kidnapped her dog. As Ginger and Trina fight, Trina slips, hitting her head on the corner of the kitchen counter, and dies. The sisters panic, narrowly avoiding their parents seeing them as they put the body in the freezer, explaining the blood to be part of another series of death photos for the school project. Brigitte later accidentally breaks off two of Trina's fingers trying to get the corpse from the freezer. As they take Trina's body to bury it, they lose the fingers. Brigitte tells Ginger she cannot go out anymore, but Ginger remains defiant. On the pretence that Brigitte is the one "changing" instead of Ginger, they visit Sam, who suggests a monkshood solution for Ginger's illness; and informs them that the monkshood grows everywhere, however it only grows during spring. Ginger angrily tells him that they have no time, and accuses him of just wanting to have sex with Brigitte before storming out. On Halloween, Brigitte takes her mother's monkshood, which was purchased from a craft store, and asks Sam to make the cure. Sam warns her asks if it is for Ginger. Brigitte admits the truth, and promises to go to the Greenhouse Bash party. While trying to track down Ginger, Brigitte is attacked by Jason (whom Ginger infected through unprotected sex) and she defends herself by using the cure on him. She witnesses his immediate change in behavior, which proves the cure's success. Ginger returns to school looking for Jason. As Brigitte arrives, a message on the PA asks her to go to the Guidance office. She knocks, and is dragged inside by Ginger who has killed the counselor. Brigitte calms Ginger down, and goes to find cleaning supplies, but returns to see the janitor with his throat torn open. He survives, though infected, until Brigitte says he should have gotten help, which incites Ginger to disembowel him with her hand. The sisters' mother discovers Trina's corpse, and goes looking for her daughters. While she is looking for her daughters, she sees Brigitte running, and picks her up. As she drives Brigitte to the Greenhouse Bash, she tells her that she will burn the house down by letting it fill up with gas then lighting a match to erase evidence of Trina's death, and their escape. Brigitte arrives to find Sam rejecting Ginger's advances. As he approaches Ginger, she breaks his arm. In despair, Brigitte infects herself as Sam pleads with her not to. As the sisters leave, Sam knocks Ginger out with a shovel. Brigitte and Sam then take her back to the Fitzgerald house in his van, and prepare more of the cure for Ginger. Ginger fully transforms into a werewolf on the way home and escapes the van. Afraid, and unaware she has transformed, Sam and Brigitte hide in the pantry, and he makes the solution. As he goes to find Ginger, Ginger-Wolf mutilates Sam. Brigitte picks up the dropped syringe, and follows the blood trail downstairs. She tries to drink Sam's blood in an attempt to calm Ginger-Wolf, but chokes on it. Ginger-Wolf senses Brigitte's insincerity and kills Sam in front of her, then leaps at Brigitte. As Ginger-Wolf stalks Brigitte through the basement, Brigitte returns to the room where they grew up, finding the knife that Ginger had been using to remove her tail. Brigitte holds the cure in one hand and the knife in the other. Brigitte is told to leave but refuses, only to infuriate Ginger-Wolf, resulting in Ginger-Wolf lunging at Brigitte who stabs her with the knife, instead of the cure. As the movie ends, Brigitte lays her head upon Ginger-Wolf, sobbing, listening until its breathing finally stops.
tt0082509
Animation,Adventure,Fantasy
This movie is divided into a series of animated vignettes dealing with science fiction themes. All the stories are connected by a green glowing orb meant to represent "the sum of all evils", which is first seen floating through space before the movie's title appears. Soft Landing/Grimaldi Out in deep space, near Earth, a space shuttle opens its cargo doors and a 1959 Corvette drops out and races toward Earth. The 1959 Corvette lands in a crop field and races toward a remote mansion. The pilot, Grimaldi, enters the mansion, carrying a container. His daughter greets him and the man opens the container; inside is a glowing green orb. Suddenly, Grimaldi's body melts and the orb moves toward the terrified girl. It announces itself as the "the sum of all evils" in the Universe, and tells her that she possesses powers she doesn't understand. The orb begins to tell her various stories of its existence and influence. Harry Canyon At a desert excavation, a scientist working with several alien creatures uncovers a glowing green sphere. When one of the aliens picks up the sphere, he instantly melts. The segment then changes course to settle in a dystopian New York City in year 2031. A taxicab driver named Harry Canyon picks up a punk as a fare. Moments after they leave, the punk pulls a gun on Canyon, demanding all his cash and taxicab, and implies that he's going to kill him anyway. Harry pushes a secret button with his foot near the firewall of his taxicab, activating a beam on the back of the front seat that disintegrates the punk. Canyon takes the punk's pistol and puts it in the glove compartment, piling with several other weapons he has collected from similar incidents. At a nearby museum advertising an exhibit for the Loc-Nar (the glowing green orb from the opening story), gunshots are heard and a man stumbles out of the front door and collapses on the street. A pretty woman with red hair, the man's daughter, runs from the museum, chased by a man named Rudnick and his two thugs. She finds Harry and he lets her in his taxicab. Harry remarks that his conscience tells him not to get involved but he takes her to a police station anyway. By then, she's passed out and he carries her inside to report a murder. The police are little help, quoting Harry an expensive $1,000 fee to conduct an investigation. Harry leaves and takes the woman home with him to his seedy apartment building. At Harry's apartment, the woman wakes up. She tells him that Rudnick and his men were after the Loc-Nar. With her father dead, she is the only person who knows where it is. She also mentions that Venutians want it, believing it to possess magical powers. Harry offers his couch for her to sleep on and goes to bed. The woman strips naked and gets into bed with him and they have sex. The next morning, she's gone and a couple of thuggish cops suddenly enter his apartment, demanding to know where she is. He tells them he doesn't know and they threaten him if he doesn't report her return to them. As Harry preps his taxicab for another day at work, another punk, one of Rudnick's goons, pops up in the backseat and threatens Harry with a knife. Harry is about to press the button for his death ray and Rudnick appears, warning him not to. Rudnick tells Harry that he wants the Loc-Nar for a group of interested buyers from a nearby planet (likely the Venutians). Later, in gridlock traffic, Harry gets a message from the woman telling him to meet her at the Statue of Liberty. Harry notices he's being followed by two of Rudnick's goons riding in hover pods. Harry races off, using a cannon on his taxicab to dispatch the goons. At the Statue on Liberty Island, he meets the woman, who tells him she's going to sell the Loc-Nar to Rudnick. Harry agrees to accompany her for half of the money. At an abandoned bridge with Harry covering her, the woman takes the case with the Loc-Nar to Rudnick, who gives her the money. She leaves with Harry and Rudnick opens the case, grabbing the Loc-Nar. Seconds later, Rudnick melts. As Harry and the woman drive away, with her in the backseat, she pulls a pistol on him, telling him she's going to keep all the money for herself and that she only used him. After confirming she's serious, Harry pushes the death ray button, killing her. Harry winds up with all the money for himself. Back at the bridge, the Loc-Nar begins to glow again and flies away. Den Den is a present-day teenager with a penchant for scientific experiments who finds the Loc-Nar in his backyard, assuming it's a meteor and puts it in his room. While performing an experiment with lightning, the sphere harnesses the energy and propels the teenager through outer space to a distant planet. As he travels, his body changes and he becomes much larger and more muscular. When Den arrives on the planet, he's a witness to a human sacrifice being conducted by a nude female priestess wearing an elaborate mask. The woman recites a benediction to a god called Ulatec which calls for the Green Ball, again referred to as the Loc-Nar to be placed in the idol's hands. The priestess then orders another young nude woman to be thrown into the large pool of water where the ritual is conducted. Den dives after the woman and rescues her. The woman, Katherine, who is British and from Gibraltar, is very grateful and offers her body to Den. The two begin to have sex but are interrupted by a group of humanoid creatures. Both are taken to the palace of the young and foppish Ard, rival of the priestess who is also queen of the strange planet. Both are competing for possession of the Loc-Nar to perform the ritual to Ulatec. Ard orders Den to go to the Queen's palace and steal the Loc-Nar. If Den completes the task, he will give Den Katherine, who has been placed in suspended animation. Ard's greatest warrior, Norl, accompanies Den with a small unit of other guards. They infiltrate the Queen's palace and separate to find the Loc-Nar. Den sees it in a darkened room and reaches for it, grabbing the bare breasts of the Queen instead. She orders him to be executed, then changes her mind and takes him to her bedchamber. She tells Den that if he can please her, she may let him live; he agrees and after an energetic sexual tryst, the Queen is most satisfied. Unfortunately, a few guards soon enter the room and tell the Queen that the Loc-Nar has been stolen - Norl had taken it and escaped. Believing Den was a distraction so the Loc-Nar could be stolen, the enraged Queen tries to kill Den herself but he escapes on an alien horse. The Queen flies after him to the statue of Ulatec where Ard has already begun the ritual; Katherine will again be the human sacrifice. Den once again rescues Katherine by posing as a priest. When Den sees the Queen and Ard fighting over the Loc-Nar, he gets an idea. Wrapping a chain to a spear, he throws the spear at them and embeds it in the rock above them. He then flips the other end in the pool. When lightning strikes the pool, the energy is carried on the chain to the Loc-Nar, recreating the accident that transported Den to this world, causing Ard and the Queen to vanish, presumably sending them back to Earth. The Loc-Nar itself falls down the steps of the statue. Katherine suggests that Den use it to rule the planet, but Den refuses, choosing instead to fly off with Katherine. The Loc-Nar breaks free of the staff that it had been fashioned into and once again flies off into space. Captain Sternn The Loc-Nar flies through space to a large space station near Jupiter. It lands on a floor inside, much smaller than before, about the size of a large marble. It is picked up by a strange looking man. In a room filled with humans and alien beings alike, a trial is being held. The accused, Captain Lincoln Sternn, is charged by the Prosecutor with a long list of crimes including murder, piracy in space, rape and one moving violation. The Prosecutor asks for Sternn's plea and, much to the surprise of the attendees and judge, he pleads not guilty, with a haughty attitude. Sternn's attorney, Charlie, begs Sternn to change his plea but Sternn refuses, saying he has an angle for his defense. The Prosecutor calls a witness named Hanover Fiste, to whom Sternn has promised a huge payoff if he testifies as a character witness for Sternn. Fiste is the man who had picked up the Loc-Nar in the hallway when it had landed on the space station. While on the stand, Fiste begins to play with the marble sized Loc-Nar. As he testifies to Sternn's good character, he begins to spout more crimes that Sternn has committed. Sternn and the courtroom are shocked and Fiste becomes more hostile and angry and begins to grow into a huge, monstrous humanoid bent on killing Sternn himself. Sternn runs out of the courtroom and Fiste, after effortlessly slapping the Prosecutor aside, destructively chases Sternn throughout the station. When he finally catches Sternn, Sternn offers him the money he had promised for his fraudulent testimony. Fiste instantly changes back to his normal gangly form and thanks his boss. Sternn suddenly bids Fiste goodbye and pulls a lever, opening a trap door under Fiste, dropping him into space. Fiste burns up, the only part of him left is one of his hands, still clutching the green marble. B-17 A squadron of World War II B-17 bombers are flying in formation over Europe in 1943. The lead bomber takes heavy anti-aircraft fire and the two cargo gunners are killed. The bombardier himself is also killed, but the plane drops its load successfully. As they fly back to their home airfield, the co-pilot climbs into the cargo bay to check on the crew. All are dead. He also finds the tail-gunner dead. When he looks out the back window of the plane he sees a glowing green sphere following them in the air. The Loc-Nar flies under the plane and thrusts itself up into the fuselage, lodging in the bomb bay rails and knocking the co-pilot unconscious. The entire plane glows green for a few moments. The co-pilot wakes up and walks back through the fuselage, stopping briefly when he sees the cargo gunners' bodies have disappeared. He checks on the ball gunner's perch, knocking on the hatch. When he gets no answer, he opens the hatch and two clawed hands suddenly grab him and pull him inside. The man screams as an unseen beast kills him and blood splatters on the inside of the turret. In the cockpit, the pilot calls the co-pilot on the plane's radio. When he gets no answer, he flips on the auto-pilot and walks back into the cargo area. When he opens the door, he sees that the dead crew members have been transformed into skeletal monsters with clawed fingers. He fires his pistol at them uselessly and jumps out of the plane. His parachute opens and he lands safely on a desert island. He notices that many other war planes have crashed landed on the island and the crews of them have been transformed into monsters like the ones he saw on his own plane. The man screams, doomed. So Beautiful and So Dangerous The B-17 pilot's image appears on the scope of a massive spaceship hovering over Earth. The image changes to the Pentagon near Washington, D.C. A black limousine arrives and a prominent scientist, Dr. Anrak, gets out. He is accosted by several reporters asking him about strange occurrences around the globe. He dismisses the reporters and walks into the Pentagon. In a large meeting room, a group of military officials, senators, representatives and other scientists are frantically discussing the occurrences Anrak was asked about. People are turning green and becoming increasingly hostile. Anrak explains that the phenomena are probably scattered and pose no threat to the world. The rest of the group sighs in relief. As he speaks, Anrak's voice begins to slur and he attacks a voluptuous secretary across the table. While he ravishes her, a massive spaceship appears over the Pentagon, lowering a giant tube that saws into the roof of the building. It penetrates to the meeting room and sucks up Anrak and the woman he had attacked. The two are whisked through a long series of tubes; Anrak lands hard and breaks into several pieces, suggesting he is probably some sort of android. The woman, Gloria, lands softly and is met by a short robot. The short robot tells her he can't return her to Earth ("instability zone around the ship") and leads her away. The ship's pilots, Zeke and Edsel, remark about how the short robot always makes a play for Earth women. Zeke and Edsel snort a huge quantity of a drug called Plutonian Nyborg and experience hallucinatory visions while they pilot the ship. In a bedroom, the short robot and Gloria lay in bed after having sex and she feels guilty. The short robot begs her to go steady with him then asks her to marry him. She agrees, but only if he is circumcised and if they can have a Jewish wedding. Zeke and Edsel land the ship in a huge outer space colony - it is a crash landing, but the intoxicated pair are satisfied. Taarna The Loc-Nar confronts Grimaldi's daughter for one last story. One night, now the size of a giant meteor, the Loc-Nar appears in the sky of an alien planet. It then crash lands and embeds itself inside a dormant volcano. The local tribe of human outcasts witness the event and decide to travel to the site of the volcano. When they arrive at the volcano, it suddenly erupts and all there are covered in a deluge of green lava. The first man that the lava covers arises, much larger, green-skinned and with clawed hands, an abomination of the man he once was (known from this point onward as the barbarian leader), and declares a death sentence on all who oppose him and his followers. At another city, the barbarian leader and his cohort of marauders break through the city gates and massacre the weaker population living there. Many people are killed and the city council meets in a large chamber, unsure of what to do. Their leader realizes that the only being that can save them is a Taarakian, an ancient warrior that protected their race throughout its history. The council joins together to call the warrior, Taarna, from within. As they finish the ritual, the barbarians arrive at the chamber, easily breaks the door down, and slaughter everyone inside. Far away, a rider in a hooded cloak on the back of an alien bird touches down at the temple of Taarna. The rider enters, stopping at a large pool. The rider is revealed to be a beautiful young woman with silver-colored hair, who strips and swims across the pool. At the base of a massive idol, she finds her armor and dons it. The last item she receives is a golden sword. She flies off on her bird as a narrator intones that she seeks revenge. She arrives at the devastated city and investigates. The council have all been killed and their leader beheaded. The man holds an amulet with a strange symbol in a death grip. She takes it and flies off, stopping at a nearby oasis that has a tavern. Outside the tavern are three flying bats that have been tied to a hitching post. On one of them, she finds an emblem that matches the one on the amulet she found in the council chamber. Inside the tavern, she orders a drink (she is mute and communicates only in hand jesters) and draws the attention of three thugs; they are barbarians like the ones that destroyed the city. The thugs mean to get rough with her when she hits one with her tankard, provoking a fight. She kills them all easily with her golden sword. Placing the amulet on the bar, she grabs the bartender, who tells her she will find their camp near the mountain where the green meteor landed. Flying through a canyon, to the location where the Loc-Nar is bedded, Taarna is suddenly ambushed by the barbarians, who capture her using a large net. She is hauled up to the top of the canyon where she is met by the barbarian leader. Doubtful of her origin, the leader inspects her and finds a mark identifying her as a Taarakian. The leader orders her washed and brought to his chambers where he ties her down and whips her. She is later cast into a deep pit where the marauders throw their prisoners. Above, her bird is being used for target practice by some of the barbarians. The bird manages to pull one of its captors in front of an arrow shot at him and flies off looking for her master. She rescues Taarna and they fly off. The leader declares that he wants the warrior woman dead and flies after her. In another canyon, Taarna's mount is shot out of the air. The barbarian leader finds her and the two fight to the death. Using his mechanical hand, he is able to seize her golden sword and throw it away. Moving closer to kill her, he is suddenly bitten on the leg by Taarna's mount. Momentarily distracted, he is bashed in the head by Taarna, who wields a pipe. This gives her enough time to grab his mechanical arm and use it to gash his throat, and as a finishing touch, she yanks off his helmet and kills him by plunging her fist into his face. Wounded and weakened by the battle, she climbs on her mount and heads for the volcano. The Loc-Nar tells her not to sacrifice herself as she cannot destroy it, she does not relent. Using the energy from her warrior lineage and her golden sword, her self-sacrifice destroys the Loc-Nar. Grimaldi (Coda) Taarna's self-sacrifice was so powerful, it transcends time and space, destroying the Loc-Nar in the present. As the Loc-Nar begins to shatter and break, Grimaldi's daughter begins to flee from the mansion in sheer terror and reaches a safe point outside just as the mansion explodes and is destroyed. Outside in the crop field, Grimaldi's daughter sees Taarna's mount materialize out of thin air. She happily goes over to pet him, then climbs on the mount and flies off. We then find out the main reason why the Loc-Nar wanted to destroy her. She has been chosen by the spirit of Taarna to become the new Taarakian, to defend and protect against the evil of the Loc-Nar that will arise again in the next generation.
tt0077869
Animation,Adventure,Fantasy
Early in the Second Age of Middle-earth, elven smiths forged nine Rings of Power for mortal men, seven for the Dwarf-Lords, and three for the Elf-Kings. At the same time, the Dark Lord Sauron made the One Ring to rule them all after learning the secrets of how to forge them from the Elves of Hollin--a deviation from Tolkien's work in which Sauron taught ring lore to the Elves and forged all the rings except the three Elvish rings. As the Last Alliance of Elves and Men fell, the Ring fell into the hands of Prince Isildur from across the sea, and after Isildur was killed by orcs, the Ring lay at the bottom of the river Anduin. Over time, Sauron captured the nine Rings made for men and turned their owners into the Ringwraiths, terrible beings who roamed the world searching for the One Ring. The Ring was found by a Stoor named Déagol, whose friend, Sméagol, murdered him and stole it for himself. The Ring warped Sméagol into a twisted, gurgling wretch known only as Gollum (Peter Woodthorpe), and he wandered with it to a cave in the Misty Mountains. Hundreds of years later, the hobbit Bilbo Baggins (Norman Bird) accidentally discovered his "precious" Ring and took it back with him to the Shire. Years later, during Bilbo's birthday celebrations in the Shire, the wizard Gandalf (William Squire) tells him to leave the Ring for Frodo Baggins (Christopher Guard). Bilbo agrees, and leaves the Shire. Seventeen years pass, during which Gandalf learns that the Shire is in danger: evil forces have discovered that the Ring is in the possession of a Baggins. Gandalf meets with Frodo to explain the Ring's history and the danger it poses to all of Middle-earth. Frodo leaves his home, taking the Ring with him. He is accompanied by three hobbit friends, Pippin (Dominic Guard), Merry (Simon Chandler), and Sam (Michael Scholes). After a narrow escape from the Ringwraiths pursuing them, the hobbits eventually come to Bree, where they meet Aragorn (John Hurt), who is first introduced to them as Strider, a friend of Gandalf's, who leads them the rest of the way to Rivendell. Frodo is stabbed atop Weathertop mountain by the chief of the Ringwraiths with a knife imbued with evil magic. Part of the knife stays inside him, and he gets sicker as the journey progresses. The Ringwraiths catch up with them shortly after they meet the elf Legolas (Anthony Daniels), and at a standoff at the ford of Rivendell, the Ringwraiths are swept away by the enchanted river. At Rivendell, Frodo is healed by its lord, Elrond. He meets Gandalf again, held captive by his fellow wizard Saruman (Fraser Kerr), who plans to join with Sauron but also wants the Ring for himself. Bilbo, Gandalf, and the others argue about what should be done with the One Ring, and Frodo volunteers to go to Mordor, where the Ring can be destroyed. Frodo sets off from Rivendell with eight companions: Gandalf; Aragorn; Boromir, son of the Steward of Gondor (Michael Graham Cox); Legolas; Gimli the dwarf (David Buck); and Frodo's original three hobbit companions. Their attempt to cross the Misty Mountains is foiled by heavy snow, and they are forced to take a path under the mountains via Moria. Moria was an ancient dwarf kingdom, but is now full of orcs and other evil creatures, and Gandalf falls into an abyss while battling a balrog. The remaining eight members of the Fellowship continue through the elf-haven Lothlórien, but Boromir tries to take the Ring from Frodo. Frodo decides to leave the others behind and continue his quest alone, although faithful Sam insists on accompanying him. Boromir is killed by orcs while trying to defend Merry and Pippin. They are captured by the orcs, who intend to take them to Isengard through the land of Rohan. The hobbits escape and flee into Fangorn forest, where they meet Treebeard (John Westbrook), a huge tree-like creature. Aragorn, Gimli, and Legolas find Merry and Pippin; they find small footprints and follow them into Fangorn Forest. There, they find Gandalf, whom they believed had died in the mines of Moria. The four ride to Rohan's capital, Edoras, where Gandalf persuades King Théoden (Philip Stone) that his people are in danger. Aragorn, Gimli, and Legolas then travel to the defensive fortification Helm's Deep. Frodo and Sam, meanwhile, discover Gollum stalking them, and capture him. Frodo pities him, and lets him live in return for guidance to Mount Doom. Gollum promises to lead them to a secret entrance to Mordor. At Helm's Deep, Théoden's forces struggle to resist an onslaught of orcs sent by Saruman. Gandalf arrives the next morning with the Riders of Rohan just in time, destroying the orc army.
tt0089208
Comedy,Music,Romance
Janey Glenn (Sarah Jessica Parker) is an "army brat" who is thrilled when her stern, military-minded father (Ed Lauter) is transferred to Chicago, the home of her favorite dance show "Dance TV". At her Catholic girls school, she quickly makes a new friend in Lynne Stone (Helen Hunt) due to their shared love of dance and Dance TV. When her strict and conservative father nixes the idea of her traveling to downtown Chicago to try out, Janey accompanies Lynne to the auditions. At the auditions, an enemy is made of spoiled rich girl Natalie Sands (Holly Gagnier) when she rudely parks her car where Lynne is walking. The auditions are going well until Lynne's partner gets her cut (it is later found out that Natalie paid him to have her kicked out). Janey and a guy named Jeff Maline (Lee Montgomery) both shine, albeit partnered with others at first. They are later paired once the final cut is made. Jeff loves to dance although his working-class father is drilling him to go to trade school and is following his heart instead of his father's wishes. Both Janey and Jeff argue and verbally trade blows initially due to their disparate upbringings. Despite Jeff's natural ability to dance, he has never taken a class. Janey has been taking both gymnastics and dance classes for 10 years. Helping them to get off on the wrong foot is also Janey's inability to practice when it's convenient for Jeff. Things are further complicated by Natalie's meddling (she finds out that Janey skipped choir practice to meet Jeff and calls her father to tell, posing as "Sister Natalie"). An excellent opportunity for both girls to get back at Natalie presents itself when Jeff is invited to her coming out debutane party. Janey, Lynn, and Jeff's younger sister Maggie (Shannen Doherty) make copies of Natalie's invitation, provided by Jeff's best friend Drew (Jonathan Silverman) and pass them out to strangers all over town (social rejects such as drag queens, lady bodybuilders, etc). Jeff and Drew attend the party and watch the chaos ensue when all of the extra invited people show up as do Lynne, Janey and Maggie watching from the window with joy at Natalie's humiliation. Over the next few weeks, Janey and Jeff have become close through their rehearsals. One night he tells her to meet him not at the rehearsal studio but at a club. While they are enjoying some unstructured dance time, Jeff is taken away by a girl who locked her keys in her car. Meanwhile, a large admirer moves in on her. On Jeff's return, a fight ensues and after Jeff sucker punches the much larger man they run out of the club together. Once at Janey's house, she is aglow over what her life has become: she's in the running to become a Dance TV regular, has a great best friend as well as a boyfriend. They finally kiss before she excitedly runs inside. Meanwhile, Natalie vows to intensify her personal war against Janey and her friends given the total wreck that her party became. She convinces her father to become more involved in insuring her win. This is an easy feat considering that her father owns the company that Jeff's father works for. One day Natalie's father, J.P. Sands (Morgan Woodward), corners Jeff and tells him that if Natalie doesn't win, his father will lose his job. This puts Jeff in a bad mood and he fights with Janey when he arrives at rehearsal. Her mood quickly matches his when she arrives home and sneaks in the house only to find that her overprotective father has installed a camera security system. He then grounds her for her continuous deception, making it virtually impossible for her to attend the dance contest finals. Meanwhile, Jeff's surly attitude and decreased desire to be in the contest is noticed by his father. Once he finally gets his son to talk about what is going on, he simply asks if he can win the contest. When Jeff answers "yes" he is instructed to do so... his job be damned. However, Janey is still on restriction and doesn't know Jeff has changed his mind. However, that changes when Janey's little brother brings her a message relayed by Maggie that Jeff will compete and she employs Lynne to get her out of the house undetected. Once Lynne arrives, Janey cuts the wires to the security system, climbs out her second-floor bedroom window, and escapes the clutches of the guard dog. When they arrive at the station, Janey makes the elevator up to the studio and Lynne doesn't. She runs upstairs to make the beginning of the show, embracing and kissing Jeff as she arrives. The show begins and the competition is underway. Midway through the show, Janey's family turns to the contest on the television and sees her dancing. Her father, furious, storms out of the house, on the way to the studio. Meanwhile, Janey's mother (Margaret Howell) is in tears with pride as her younger brother cheers his sister on and Jeff's father watches the show from his neighborhood pub. After all of the dancers are done, the decision comes back: there is a tie between Janey and Jeff and Natalie and her partner. A dance off ensues. Natalie goes first and when done, strolls off the stage proudly, believing she's won. But after Janey tells Jeff "Let's do it.", they pull out all the stops with a series of synchronized gymnastics Janey has taught Jeff over their time together. When the judges deliberate again, the decision is unanimous: Jeff and Janey win! Natalie is furious and begins to berate her partner over costing her the contest. When she goes to her father to complain, he finally puts his foot down and tells his spoiled child to shut up.... to her amazement. When Janey spots her father in the studio, she thinks she's in for trouble, but nothing could be further from the truth as he is extremely proud of her. Miss Dance TV is called to the stage and when she enters, it is none other than Lynne, who has received the job when the former Miss Dance TV quit during the show. Janey, Lynne and Maggie all cheer to celebrate their victory.
tt0084237
Animation,Adventure,Drama
Two hunters (Jack Lester, Kenneth Jennings) ride through the forest searching for game when they come to a quiet part of the forest. One hunter announces that the forest is magical; hence why there is no snow that falls and it always seems like spring, and that there must be a unicorn living there. The other hunter is skeptical and claims that there are no more unicorns left in the world. The other argues that there must be just one left and, while she exists, there will be no game to hunt in this forest. They turn around, watched by a unicorn (Mia Farrow) who wonders if she is indeed the last. She is approached by a butterfly (Robert Klein) who sings to her and quotes poetry; a typical trait of most butterflies. She asks him if, in all his travels, he's ever seen another unicorn. He taunts her, at first, with riddles and nonsensical lyrics before announcing that all the other unicorns were taken away by a Red Bull that covered their tracks long ago. He then flies away, singing. The unicorn, though hesitant, resolves to leave the safety of her forest and search for the others. She travels over hundreds of miles before coming to a series of farmlands. One elderly farmer (Jack Lester) tries to tame her, mistaking her for a white mare; a mistake which infuriates the unicorn. She cannot believe that all the man sees her as is but a horse and she runs off. However, she comes to realize that if man has forgotten what a unicorn looks like, there may very well be unicorns left in the world hiding in plain sight. One night, while she's sleeping, a side-show caravan led by the witch Mommy Fortuna (Angela Lansbury) comes along. Fortuna places a spell on the unicorn to keep her sleeping before putting her in a cage. The next evening, Fortuna's lackey, Ruhk (Brother Theodore), entertains a group of spectators, introducing them one by one to Fortuna's freaks of nature. He finally shows them the unicorn who has a fake horn placed on her head so that they may actually see it. She is approached by Fortuna's magician, Schmendrick (Alan Arkin), who can see her for what she is and asks her to point out the other captives of the side-show. The unicorn reveals most of them to be normal animals with illusions placed on them, all but the harpy, Celaeno (Keenan Wynn), who is real and as immortal as the unicorn. That night, Schmendrick uses his somewhat faulty magic to free the unicorn who then, in turn, frees all the other captives. However, when she frees the harpy, it turns and attacks her. Mommy Fortuna comes outside with Ruhk to investigate the ruckus and they are both killed by the vengeful harpy while the unicorn and Schmendrick escape. Though Fortuna predicted her death by the claws of the harpy, she dies deliriously happy that the harpy will always know that Fortuna was the one to cage her. Schmendrick accompanies the unicorn on her quest to find the other unicorns and tells her that he knows of a Red Bull that is owned by a king named Haggard (Christopher Lee), though his very existence is shrouded in mystery. Before very long, a group of bandits ride down the road and, while the unicorn hides, Schmendrick is taken captive. He's brought back to their camp where he's welcomed by their leader, Captain Cully (Keenan Wynn) and the scullery maid, Molly Grue (Tammy Grimes). Schmendrick surprises them all, and himself, with a bout of successful magic in which he procures images of the legendary Robin Hood and his merry men. Irritated and frightened by Schmendrick's abilities, Captain Cully ties him to a nearby tree. Schmendrick tries to free himself with magic but accidentally brings the tree to life. The tree (Nellie Bellflower) falls in love with him and nearly smothers him until the unicorn arrives and uses her magic to free Schmendrick. They are then joined by Molly Grue who can also see the unicorn for what she is and weeps at the sight of her, cursing her for coming to her as an older woman rather than a young maid. Molly joins the group as they continue on their journey, much to Schmendrick's disapproval. When they finally have Haggard's castle in sight, the group is suddenly attacked by the Red Bull which ignores Schmendrick and Molly and attempts to herd the unicorn towards the castle. Urged by Molly to do something, Schmendrick uses a great deal of magic to transform the unicorn into a human girl. Confused by the unicorn's different form, the Red Bull leaves. Molly criticizes Schmendrick for turning the unicorn into a mortal and the unicorn is equally upset, crying out that she can 'feel this body dying all around me.' Nevertheless, they continue to the dreary castle and are welcomed into Haggard's decrepit hall, introducing themselves as Haggard's new magician and cook accompanied by the Lady Amalthea. Intrigued by Schmendrick's potential to please him, Haggard dismisses his current magician, Mabruk (Paul Frees), who laughs at Haggard's ill judgement, claiming that he's let his doom walk right through the front door. Lady Amalthea catches the eye of both Haggard and his adopted son, Lir, (Jeff Bridges), though she ignores the advances of both and spends her days wandering the castle, slowly losing memory of who she was or what she was looking for. Realizing that they are losing time and Amalthea is becoming more and more human, Schmendrick and Molly do their best to discover where the lair of the Red Bull is while performing daily tasks to keep Haggard entertained. Finally, Molly receives word from the resident cat (Don Messick) that the lair is located at the base of an old clock, but will only grant entry at the right 'time'. Molly scorns the cat for speaking only in riddles, but the cat merely admits that no cat ever gave a straight answer. Meanwhile, Amalthea and Lir fall in love while Haggard suspects her of her true nature. He tells her that he once saw a unicorn and that it gave him such joy that he sought to keep it for himself. So he commissioned the Red Bull to gather up all the unicorns of the world and drive them into the sea below his castle so that he may look upon them every day. Molly tells Schmendrick that she knows where the entrance to the Bull's lair is and they gather Amalthea and head to the old clock in the main hall. Across from the clock, upon a bureau, lies a crowned skeleton who speaks to them but can only giggle and laugh at their frustration. Per instructions from the cat, Molly produces a bottle of water; the best she can do in lieu of the wine she was supposed to get. When Schmendrick feigns turning the water into wine, the skeleton's interest peaks and he agrees to tell them the secret of entering the lair if they give him the 'wine', now an empty bottle. The skeleton tells them that all they have to do is walk through the clock before gulping down the invisible liquid. However, when he catches sight of Amalthea, he recognizes her as a unicorn and cries out to Haggar. Haggar runs down to the hall and swings his sword at Schmendrick just as Molly and Amalthea enter the realm between the clock and the lair. Schmendrick soon follows just as Haggar destroys the clock portal, trapping them inside. Lir appears, stating that he saw where Amalthea went and he followed. All together, they walk down the lair in search of the exit. Schmendrick explains their plight to Lir who reveals that he doesn't care who or what Amalthea is; he loves whom he loves. Amalthea is inspired by his words and claims that she wants to remain human and die with him, but Lir objects. He tells her that, as a hero, he knows when things should happen, and what should happen is that Amalthea continue her quest and save the unicorns, even if it means that she must become one again and therefore be unable to return Lir's love. The Red Bull suddenly appears and recognizes Amalthea for what she really is. Schmendrick manages to transform her back into a unicorn and she leads the Bull out of its lair onto the beach. With Schmendrick unable to do anything, Lir steps forward but is trampled by the Bull. Enraged, the unicorn turns to face the Bull and intimidates it into the sea where a large wave appears, unicorns emerging from the foam. They envelope the Bull in sea water before storming the beach. They all run upwards towards the castle, releasing it from its rocky base. Before he tumbles to his death in the sea, Haggar shouts out to the unicorn, "I knew you were the last!" The unicorn returns to Molly and Schmendrick and revives Lir before saying her farewells and departing. The remaining trio returns to the countryside where Lir says his goodbyes before leaving to find his own way. Schmendrick asks Molly to go with him and she agrees. Later the next evening, as they sleep at their camp, the unicorn returns to Schmendrick and expresses her thanks, even if she is the first unicorn ever to feel the sting of mortality and the pain of regret. Schmendrick apologizes but the unicorn tells him that she also learned love, and there are unicorns in the world again thanks to him. For that, she is grateful even if she must feel regret for leaving. She returns home to her forest as Molly and Schmendrick look on after her; at the last unicorn.
tt0085811
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In outer space a large asteroid-like object floats above the planet Krull. It suddenly changes course and lands on the planet. From fissures in the rock pour out a vast army of strange and fearsome creatures called Slayers. They fan out and begin to terrorize villages and cities. The ruler of the Slayers and inhabitant of the asteroid, called the Black Fortress, is a hulking alien being called the Beast. A voice, belonging to an old man name Ynyr speaks of a prophecy that one day a young prince will possess the power to defeat the Beast. Until the prophecy can be fulfilled, Krull will endure many more years of terror from the Beast and his armies. The young prince believed to be Krull's savior is Colwyn. He is betrothed to a young woman, Lyssa. The prophecy also speaks of the prince's bride being born with an ancient name and that she and her husband shall rule the universe if the Beast is defeated. Colwyn rides to his bride's father's castle for the wedding. He and his father & their party are delayed because the roads they travel are dangerous and there are regular patrols of Slayers. When they arrive, the marriage ceremony is put into motion. Just as the bride and groom are about to complete a tradition of exchanging a magical flame the Slayers attack the castle and interrupt the ceremony. Colwyn and his father and his father-in-law-to-be mount a valiant defense but they are vastly outnumbered. Lyssa is captured, Colwyn's father and the bride's father are slain and Colwyn himself is wounded and left for dead. Some time later Colwyn is found by Ynyr, who takes him to a hidden location to tend to his wounds. He tells Colwyn of the prophecy and that he is the prince that will save the planet. However, Colwyn must save Lyssa from the clutches of The Beast, who has taken her back to the Black Fortress. Colwyn scoffs at the plan since it is widely known that with each sunrise on the planet the Black Fortress changes location and never appears in the same place twice. Ynyr seems undaunted by the ubiquitous nature of the Black Fortress -- he believes that an old wizard named the Emerald Seer can predict the next location. Ynyr also tells Colwyn that he'll need an ancient weapon to complete the mission: the Glaive, a five-bladed star-shaped device. To retrieve it the two travel to the Granite Mountains. Colwyn makes a difficult and dangerous climb into a volcanic crevice. He finds the Glaive lying in a stream of lava. He pulls it out and the sooty coating falls off, revealing an ornate weapon. When he returns to Ynyr, the old man tells him not to make use of it until he knows he needs it. As they make their way to the Emerald Seer's home, they suddenly see a meteor-like object fly by. It turns out to be a man who introduces himself as Ergo the Magnificent, a would-be sorcerer. After a seemingly confrontational conversation, Ergo decides to join Colwyn and Ynyr when he sees a large and imposing cyclops. Some time later the party encounters a small group of bandits who all still wear shackles indicating that they are actually escaped prisoners. Colwyn recognizes that they are criminals but not without honor and that they can help him in his quest. He frees them from their shackles and appoints their leader, Torquil, his new Lord Marshal. A short time later, Ergo is nearly killed by a Slayer; he is saved by the same cyclops he'd seen when he'd joined with Colwyn and Ynyr. The cyclops tells them his name is Rell. His race has a long history with the Beast -- they'd previously been a two-eyed race of giants who'd been offered the ability to see the future. However, the Beast had tricked them into giving up one of their eyes for the ability to see only their own deaths. The band arrives at the Emerald Seer's home in a thick forest. The old man has a small apprentice, Titch, whom is befriended by Ergo. The Seer uses a large emerald to predict the next location of the Black Fortress but is violently thwarted by the Beast, who crushes the gem from his location. The Seer says that he can try again from his own fortress deep in a nearby swamp where the Beast's power cannot reach. In the Black Fortress, Lyssa wanders through many bizarre chambers. She is taunted by the grumbling voice of the Beast. When one of the hallways closes in on her, she enters the fortress' central chamber where The Beast himself lives. He tells her that she must marry him so he can secure his power. She refuses and he threatens to kill more of Krull's inhabitants until she agrees. While traveling through the swamp Colwyn's band is attacked by Slayers, a distraction from the Beast's real plan, sending a creature called a Changeling to kill the Seer and take his place. The Seer's body is found by Rell, who rushes to find the party. He stops the Changeling from killing Colwyn. With no seeming way to find the Black Fortress, the party settles in for the night in a nearby forest. One of the bandits' wives provides them with food. Ynyr tells the group that he will seek the counsel of an old woman, the Widow of the Web, who can also see into the future. When Torquil scoffs at the plan, citing the fact that no one has entered the Widow's lair and lived, Ynyr tells them that he knows the Widow's real name and he may be able to speak to her and live. Ynyr enters the Widow's cave which contains a giant spider web. He is immediately pursued by the Widow's guardian, a large white spider. He calls out the Widow's name, which is the same as Colwyn's bride, Lyssa, and the Widow turns over an hourglass, stopping the spider until Ynyr can enter her chamber at the center of the web. Ynyr and the Widow have a history of unrequited love and the Widow reveals that she is trapped forever in the web because she killed the newborn son that resulted from their romance. She agrees to help Ynyr and tells him that the Black Fortress will appear the next day on the Iron Desert and will remain there until sunset. For Ynyr to leave the web alive, she gives him the sand from the hourglass. Ynyr cannot stop the sand from leaking out of his hands and the widow gravely warns him that his own life will run out when all the sand has run out. Ynyr is able to leave the cave and the spider attacks the Widow's home, destroying it. Ynyr returns to the camp and calls out the next location of the Black Fortress to the band, dying shortly after. Colwyn and Torquil puzzle over how to reach the fortress in time. Rell tells them that a species of horse, fire mares, can cross the distance. The band finds a herd of the animals and sets out, leaving Rell behind at his request: his own time of death is near and he wants to be left alone. The band rides out to the Iron Desert just in time to catch the fortress. They fight Slayers while scaling the fortress' rocky exterior. Just when it seems they will not make it inside, Rell appears and holds a closing door open for them. After they are all inside, the door finally shuts, crushing Rell. Inside the fortress, the band is separated by attacking Slayers. They encounter various traps in the many chambers of the fortress. Colwyn is able to find the central chamber where Lyssa is held captive. He uses the Glaive to cut a doorway, however the process is slow. Most of his band are able to avoid being killed by traps, however some of them die. When he finally gains entry, Colwyn again uses the Glaive to fight the Beast and finally lodges the weapon in it's chest. When he gestures to retrieve it, the Glaive will not return to his hand. The Beast attacks again, seemingly invincible until Lyssa reminds Colwyn that the power of the flame used during their marriage ceremony can be used as a weapon. Colwyn fires it at the Beast repeatedly until the monster is destroyed. The traps that ensnared his comrades deactivate and they join up to escape. Colwyn uses the flame to blast a hole in the wall of the fortress, allowing them to exit. The fortress sits on a lush, open field, and begins to crumble, the pieces of it flying into outer space. Colwyn and Lyssa are officially married and we hear Ynyr's voice saying they shall rule the universe with benevolence.
tt0088889
Comedy,Horror,Thriller
The film consists of three stories linked together by a cat as he wanders from city to city, seeking out a little girl (Drew Barrymore) in order to save her from a supernatural danger. As a result of it's wanderings, the cat plays a minor role in the first two stories and a significant part in the third. "Quitters Inc." In the first tale, set in and around New York City, the cat is captured by a man who works for a self-help firm called Quitters Inc, that aids people in quitting smoking. On a busy NY street, a man, Dick, is driven to an office building by a friend who tells him "These guys'll change your life." At his first visit, his counselor, Vinnie Donatti, asks Dick for all his cigarettes and crushes them wildly on his desk. Dick tells him that this form of treatment leaves much to be desired, however, Donatti gets to the actual treatment. He opens a large set of curtains in the room, showing a white room containing a cat eating at a small bowl. Donatti flips a switch that sends a low charge of electricity into the floor of the room, causing the cat to jump around wildly. Donatti cuts the power after a few seconds and explains to Dick that the association of pain with eating may one day cause the cat to starve in front of it's dish. Donatti tells Dick that his treatment begins right away; for a trial period of a month, there will be people watching him constantly, night and day. If Dick smokes one cigarette, he will be punished. Dick suggests that they will bring him in and give him the shock treatment. Donatti says it will not be Dick, but his wife that will be tortured in the room. Further treatments will be increased voltage and beatings of both him, his wife and his mentally-impaired daughter. If he's unable to give up smoking after 30 days, he will be killed. Dick goes home very troubled. Late at night, he sneaks into his home office and begins to light a cigarette when he hears a noise from the room's closet. Though he's not completely certain anyone is hiding in the closet, he still tells the person that he didn't actually light the cigarette. The next morning, Dick notices muddy footprints leading out of the closet. Dick is able to keep from smoking for several more days until he's stuck in traffic. He opens his glove compartment looking for some gum and finds an old pack of cigarettes. He ducks below the dashboard and lights up, waving the smoke off. When he looks over to his left, he sees one of Donatti's men drive off, smiling evilly. Dick races home and finds his wife gone. He gets a phone call from Donatti, who tells him to report to Quitters Inc. When he arrives, he sees his wife in the cat's room. He tries to free her by breaking the glass and Donatti's goon subdues him and makes him watch his wife being shocked. Dick is devastated and wonders how he'll explain everything to his wife. Donatti says he may be surprised at how his wife takes the news. His wife seems to understand that Dick has done this for her and for his who lives at a special boarding school. Several months later, Dick receives another phone call from Donatti. Dick has been cigarette-free for that long but Donatti says they need to discuss another issue. Dick has gained a significant amount of weight, something that happens to the majority of Donatti's clients. He prescribes some illegal diet pills for Dick and tells him to use them sparingly. The two joke about the punishment if Dick is unable to control his weight: Donatti will send someone to Dick's house to cut off his wife's little finger. Some time after that last meeting, with Dick successful at keeping his weight down, he and his wife have dinner with the man who originally told Dick about Quitters Inc. The group makes a toast to Quitters Inc. Dick's friend's wife, however, is missing her little finger. "The Ledge" The second story opens in Atlantic City with a rich businessman, Cressner, betting on the same cat (which had escaped from Quitters Inc), seeing if it can cross a busy street safely. Though it causes a minor car crash, the cat makes it safely and Cressner decides to keep it for a pet. In another part of the city, a man, Johnny Norris, a tennis instructor, is beaten and kidnapped by two of Cressner's thugs. He's brought to Cressner's penthouse where Cressner tells him that he knows he's been having an affair with Cressner's wife. Cressner offers Norris several options: he can agree to indentured servitude to Cressner for several years and be free, but not see Cressner's wife again, or he can skirt the entire outside of the building on a ledge about five inches wide, about 300 feet above the ground. If he completes the entire circuit, he'll be free and he can have Cressner's wife. If Norris refuses both options, the police will be tipped off about a kilo of pure heroin Cressner's thugs have hidden in the trunk of Norris' car. Norris agrees to walk the ledge outside the building. Completing the entire circuit around the building takes him about three hours. Along the way, he encounters sheer winds at the corners and is constantly taunted by Cressner himself, who sneaks into the penthouse opposite his own and honks a horn in Norris' ear through an open window. After Norris battles a pigeon that pecks his ankle, nearly sending him plummeting to the street, he stops in the window well of another penthouse. When Cressner discovers him there, he uses a fire house to soak him and threatens to blast him over the side. Before Norris makes it back to the outdoor balcony of Cressner's penthouse, Cressner has his goon, Tony, bring in a bag of money and a small Styrofoam crate, telling Tony to "put it on top of the money" in the bag. When Norris finally makes it to Cressner's balcony, he climbs over the railing and is immediately grabbed by Tony, who takes him at gunpoint to his boss. Cressner says he'll honor the bargain and give Norris the money and his wife, however, when he kicks the bag, a severed head flies out... it is his wife's head. Cressner orders Tony to shoot Norris; as Tony takes aim, Cressner's cat trips him up and he loses his gun (the cat runs out the apartment's open door to freedom). Norris seizes it and shoots Tony, then holds Cressner hostage. Cressner pleads for his life, offering several million dollars. Norris refuses and makes a simple wager... the next scene shows Cressner on the same ledge he forced Norris to skirt. Cressner gets moving, making it around the first corner. However, when he reaches the side of the building where the pigeons roost, one begins pecking his ankle. Cressner kicks a bit too hard at the bird, loses his balance and falls to the street. On the ground, the cat silently witnesses his impact. "The General" The cat makes his way to a suburban town on a delivery truck in Wilmington, North Carolina. There, he is taken in by a young girl, Amanda (the same girl from the vision in the opening scene), who names him "General." Amanda's mother immediately disapproves of her keeping the cat as a pet, saying that "cats can steal a young girl's breath" while they sleep. That night, the cat sleeps in Amanda's room. While the child sleeps, a hole opens up in a baseboard and a small, ugly troll emerges. He tries to climb up on Amanda's bed, but is startled by the cat and a short battle ensues, resulting in the troll's escape back into the hole it opened, which is immediately closed up. Amanda's parents, having heard the ruckus, burst into her room. Her mother immediately blames the cat for all the damage and assumes the cat was attacking her daughter. Amanda defends General, telling them about the troll. Naturally, they don't believe her, thinking she had a nightmare. The next day, while Amanda is at school, her mother lures General into a pet carrier and takes him to the pound, which leaves Amanda very upset after she gets home. At the pound, General is to be euthanized; Amanda's mother had told the staff there that the cat had attacked her daughter. One of the staff opens his cage and the cat escapes, running back to Amanda's house. In the girl's bedroom, the troll again emerges from the baseboard and places a small wedge under the door to keep intruders out. He crawls up to Amanda's bed, where she's fast asleep. He begins to use a form of magic that draws Amanda's breath from her mouth. Amanda quickly becomes distressed, finding it difficult to breath in her sleep. After a few moments, General finds his way in through the chimney shaft and immediately attacks the troll. They battle again throughout the room until the cat corners the troll on Amanda's small record player. General hits the button that starts the record, spinning the monster around. General then hits the switch that changes the rotation to 78 rpm; the troll is unable to hold on very long and is flung across the room into a fan, where it's mutilated, leaving behind a few recognizable body parts and it's small dagger. Amanda's parents, who had been pounding on the door but unable to enter because of the doorstop wedged there, finally burst in. The mother is furious at seeing Amanda holding the cat, however, Amanda is able to defend General this time, pointing them toward the wrecked fan and the troll's remains. Her father sees one of the monster's arms, as well as it's tiny sword. They look at the weapon, bewildered. Amanda's mother makes her daughter promise she'll never talk about the troll outside of their family. Amanda slyly asks if the cat can stay and her mother allows it. Later that night the cat crawls into Amanda's parents bed where she's sleeping with them. She sees him & cuddles him.
tt0094072
Comedy,Romance
At Ocean Front High School in Los Angeles, it is the last day of school before summer vacation. The gym teacher, Freddy Shoop (Mark Harmon), could not care less about his job and is ready to vacation in Hawaii with his young girlfriend, Kim. Students get called to the office by the Vice Principal, Phil Gills (Robin Thomas) whom are told to attend summer school. The original remedial English teacher (Carl Reiner) wins the lottery and immediately quits his job. Gills has no choice but to give the job of teaching summer school to Shoop. Gills implies that not taking the job could keep him from getting tenure. As a result, Shoop has little choice but to stay in California, and Kim goes off to Hawaii without him. On the first day, Shoop meets Robin Bishop (Kirstie Alley), who is teaching next door. Shoop falls head over heels for her, but she is already dating Gills. Shoop's first day is a disaster. Most of the students ditch and one hulking student named Jerome (Duane Davis) "goes to the lavatory" and is never seen again along with most of the others who ditch. Yet, a small group stays behind whom include: the day-dreaming and easily distracted Pam (Courtney Thorne-Smith); "nocturnal" Larry, who happens to be a male stripper (Ken Olandt); football jock Kevin (Patrick Labyorteaux)' pregnant Rhonda (Shawnee Smith); geeky Alan (Richard Steven Horvitz), whose older siblings are all straight-A students ("There must have been a baby mix-up at the hospital"); dyslexic Denise (Kelly Jo Minter) and two horror-film-obsessed underachievers, Dave (Gary Riley) and Francis, a.k.a. 'Chainsaw' (Dean Cameron) whom all are required to take remedial English. That same day, Gills brings in a beautiful Italian transfer student, Anna-Maria (Fabiana Udenio), who will be learning English as well, much to the delight of Dave and Chainsaw. After the leftover students attempt to ditch as well, Shoop admits he has no idea how to teach. They spend their first few days having fun and going to the beach, a theme park and the petting zoo until Gills finds out. Gills threatens to fire Shoop unless his students pass the end-of-term test. Shoop promises each kid a favor if they study. The kids agree, so Shoop agrees to give Denise driving lessons as well as help with her dyslexia; he accompanies Rhonda to Lamaze classes; he gives Kevin football lessons; he allows Dave to throw a party in his house (destroying his couch in the process); he gives Larry a bed in the classroom; he lets Chainsaw arrange a screening of the original 'The Texas Chain Saw Massacre' in his class; and he allows Pam to move in with him for the summer since she is neglected at home. However, the laid back Shoop has no idea how to teach. Robin tells him to make teaching fun. Over the next few weeks, Shoop begins to grow closer to his kids. They study hard to write their English basic skills exam, they are still worried that Gills is going to fire Shoop unless all his students pass. One day, Shoop is arrested and sent to jail when he covers for Chainsaw and Dave after they are found in possession of alcohol while hanging around the beach. Robin and Gills bail him out. At his court hearing, a sympathic judge, seeing that Shoop was willing to go to jail for his students, drops all the charges against him. Afterwords, Gills then inadvertently exposes his true self to Robin when he states that he cares nothing for Shoop or his students and she overhears him. She storms off angrily. A few days later, Larry is fired from his stripper job when he is found out first by his aunt (who kisses him... with tongue) and then by his mother (after she puts five dollars in his g-string) whom apparently attended one of his shows. The students make more demands on Shoop and he quits his job in anger. He is then convinced to come back when his students start feeling guilty about what they did and they scare off Shoop's replacement with a series of stunts eerily reminiscent of 'The Texas Chain Saw Massacre' thanks to the makeup and prostetic gore effects that Chainsaw and Dave throw to show themselves off. Shoop and his students then begin preparing for the test in earnest. Finally, the day arrives, and Shoop is suprised when Jerome, the student who "went to the lavatory" six weeks earlier, finally returns to the class to take the test, with his only explanation being, "My zipper got stuck." He ends up getting the highest score in the class with a 91%. The exam goes smoothly despite Rhonda going into labor near the end (at least now she has grounds for a makeup). Not all pass, so Gills is ready to follow through with his firing threat. However, the parents of the students come to Shoop's defense when they arrive at the school to protest to Gilles not to fire Shoop. Because of the students' great improvement, Principal Kelban (Francis X. McCarthy) grants Shoop tenure for his positive effect. Shoop and Robin end up happily together; a la 'From Here to Eternity', they kiss in the surf.
tt0086491
Horror,Sci-Fi
Prologue The film starts with two men in a car, a driver (Albert Brooks) and his passenger (Dan Aykroyd), driving on a rural two-lane road very late at night, singing along to Creedence Clearwater Revival's cover of "Midnight Special" on a cassette, which then breaks. (Note: they never address each other by name and it is thus never explained if the two men are best friends, or having just met, or if the passenger is a hitchhiker or so on). The pair make a game between themselves about TV theme songs, then the conversation turns to what scares them. They begin to talk about their favorite episodes of The Twilight Zone and how weird and scary some of the episodes were. Out of the blue, the passenger then asks the driver, "Do you want to see something really scary?" The driver reluctantly pulls the car over. His friend turns his head away for a few seconds, then turns around, having pulled off a false mask off his face... becoming a demonic creature. The creature then fatally attacks the driver. The opening scene then cuts to outside the car as the familiar Twilight Zone opening theme music and monologue begin, spoken by narrator Burgess Meredith, a veteran of the original TV series. "You unlock this door with the key of imagination. Beyond it is another dimension. A dimension of sound. A dimension of sight. A dimension of mind. You're moving into a land of both shadow and substance of things and ideas. You've just crossed over into... The Twilight Zone." First segment ("Time Out") "You're about to meet an angry man: Mr. William Connor, who carries on his shoulder a chip the size of the national debt. This is a sour man, a lonely man, who's tired of waiting for the breaks that come to others, but never to him. Mr. William Connor, whose own blind hatred is about to catapult him into the darkest corner of the Twilight Zone." The only original segment, directed by John Landis. It is loosely based on two original Twilight Zone episodes: "A Quality of Mercy" and "Deaths-Head Revisited". Bill Conner (Vic Morrow) is an outspoken bigot who is bitter after being passed over for a promotion. Drinking in a bar after work with his friends, Bill makes prejudiced remarks and racial slurs towards Jews, blacks and Asians, attracting the attention of a group of black men sitting near them who, of course, strongly resent his racist comments. Bill leaves the bar very angry. When he walks outside, the supernatural element of this story really begins. Bill finds that he is not in the parking lot. Instead, Bill inexplicably finds himself in Vichy France during World War II. He is spotted by a pair of SS officers patrolling the streets, who see him as a Jewish man. After a chase around the city, in which Bill is shot in his left arm by one of the German officers, Bill attempts to hide in an apartment, but the French woman quickly betrays him by shouting a warning to the German soldiers patrolling the streets. Bill climbs out on a ledge of the building, in trying to escape and finds himself trapped. While the two German officers take pot shots at him standing along the narrow ledge, Bill slips falls off the ledge and suddenly lands on soft earth ground. Bill discovers that he has time traveled to the rural South during the 1950s, where the Ku Klux Klan sees him as an African American whom they are about to lynch. Bill is scared and confused and vehemently tries to tell them he's white. After kicking one KKK member against the burning cross and setting him on fire, Bill breaks free and tries to escape (while still hampered by his bullet wound). While trying to escape the Ku Klux Klan members, he dives into a nearby pond and time travels into the Vietnam War, where he is a Vietnamese man nearly blown to bits by U.S. soldiers. (It is clearly implied at this point that by evil or divine intervention, Bill has become the selected nationalities of the people against whom he was always prejudiced.) The grenade thrown by the soldiers blasts him back to Vichy France, where he is captured by the same two Nazi officers chasing him and put into an enclosed railroad freight car, along with other Jewish Holocaust prisoners, with no possibility of redemption or rescue. Here the segment suddenly ends with the final shot showing Bill futilely screaming for help to his friends from the bar that only he can see as the train pulls away, presumably to a concentration camp or death camp. (Note: Vic Morrow died in a freak accident during filming, so an additional pall hangs over this whole story.) Second segment ("Kick the Can") "It is sometimes said that where there is no hope, there is no life. Case in point: the residents of Sunnyvale Rest Home, where hope is just a memory. But hope just checked into Sunnyvale, disguised as an elderly optimist, who carries his magic in a shiny tin can." The second segment is directed by Steven Spielberg and is a remake of the episode "Kick the Can." Mr. Bloom (Scatman Crothers) is an old man who has just moved into his new home at Sunnyvale Retirement Home. Upon his arrival, he sits around kindly and smiles as he listens to the other elders reminisce about the joys they experienced in their days as youths. Mr. Bloom implies to them just because they're old doesn't mean they cannot enjoy life anymore and that feeling young and active has to do with your attitude not your age. He tells them that later that night, he will wake them and that they can join him in a game of "kick the can". All agree; however, a grumpy man named Leo Conroy who is fairly skeptical in his outlook on life disagrees, saying that now that they are all old they cannot engage in physical activity and play the games they once did as children. That night, Mr. Bloom gathers the rest of the optimistic residents outside and plays a game of kick the can. They are all ultimately transformed back into child versions of themselves. Although they are extremely ecstatic to be young again and engage in the activities they once enjoyed so long ago, they also realize that being young again means you not only experience the good aspects of life again but also the bad. They request to be old again, which Mr. Bloom grants to them. Leo Conroy witnesses one resident that still remains young and says that he wants to go with him before the boy runs off. Conroy realizes that he does not have to stop enjoying life because of his old age. The segment ends with Mr. Bloom leaving Sunnyvale Retirement Home to move into another retirement home in another town (which leaves the audience to presume that he might be a good magical being who repeats the process eternally), and Conroy is outside the Sunnyvale home happily kicking a can around the backyard, for he has learned being young at heart is what really matters. Third segment ("It's a Good Life") "Portrait of a woman in transit: Helen Foley, age 27. Occupation: schoolteacher. Up until now, the pattern of her life has been one of unrelenting sameness, waiting for something different to happen. Helen Foley doesn't know it yet, but her waiting has just ended." The third segment is directed by Joe Dante and is a loose remake of the episode "It's a Good Life". Helen Foley (Kathleen Quinlan) is a mild-mannered school teacher who is traveling to her new job across the country. While visiting a rural bar/diner for directions from the owner Walter (Dick Miller), she witnesses a young boy (Jeremy Licht) playing a video game and then being accosted by a group of rowdy drunks for "accidentally" turning off the TV they were watching. Soon after, Helen decides to leave. Not paying attention, she backs into the boy with her car in the parking lot, damaging his bike. Helen offers the boy, Anthony, a ride home. They eventually get to Anthony's house, which is an immense home in the country. When Helen arrives, she meets some people whom Anthony tells her are his family, his Uncle Walt (Kevin McCarthy) and his sister Ethel (Nancy Cartwright). Also included in the family are Anthony's parents. Helen notices that the family seems extremely apprehensive, though she dismisses it. Anthony shows Helen around the house, including his sister's room; Anthony tells Helen that the girl is his "other" sister Sara (Cherie Currie), who got involved in an accident. The camera pans down and the audience view that the girl has no mouth, unbeknownst to Helen. The family have dinner, which, as Helen realizes, is a meal made up of Anthony's favorite foods; mainly fast food, including a burger with peanut butter. During dinner, Ethel shouts at Anthony and her plate smashes on the ground, with no explanation. After satisfying her promise of taking Anthony home, Helen attempts to leave; it is at this point that Helen discovers Anthony possesses unexplained supernatural powers that allow him to do practically anything he desires by wishing whatever he wants, including making cartoon characters appear in real life and making people disappear. Helen asks to leave, but Anthony insists that she see Uncle Walt's "act". Uncle Walt is unsure as to what to do with the top hat that Anthony provides, and reluctantly pulls a white rabbit out of the hat. The family are relieved and applaud, only to see the rabbit become a demonic rabbit-monster before disappearing again. The people finally inform her they aren't his real family and that they were brought to the house under false pretense by Anthony, as she was. They also explain that they cannot leave for Anthony has imprisoned them there in his own fantasy world that he created out of his mind. Helen finds a note on the floor that a family member has left, reading, "Help us! Anthony is a Monster!". The note is shown to be from Ethel after a short investigation, and Anthony, using his mental powers, sends Ethel into the television set where she is killed by a large, frightening, somewhat dragon-like cartoon character. After the "family" has angered Anthony, he instantly makes them and the house disappear, leaving himself and Helen in a limbo-like state surrounded by literal nothingness. Helen promises Anthony that she will be his true friend if he agrees not to abuse his power anymore. Anthony agrees to use his powers for good. He produces Helen's car and he and Helen ride off together to her new home, surrounded by bright meadows filled with flowers. Fourth segment ("Nightmare at 20,000 Feet") "What you're looking at could be the end of a particularly terrifying nightmare. It isn't. It's the beginning. Introducing Mr. John Valentine, air traveler. His destination: the Twilight Zone." The fourth segment is directed by George Miller and is a remake of the episode "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet". John Valentine (John Lithgow) is a nervous and stressed-out airline passenger on a flight to Los Angeles. The story begins with flight attendants attempting to coax Mr. Valentine from the lavatory as he tries to recover from what seems to be a panic attack. Although not mentioned during the segment, it is most likely that Mr. Valentine is suffering from severe aviatophobia. He is repeatedly assured by the flight attendants that everything is going to be all right, but his nerves and antics disturb the surrounding passengers. As Mr. Valentine takes his seat, he notices a hideous gremlin-like creature on the wing of the plane and begins to spiral into severe panic. He watches as the creature wreaks havoc on the wing, losing more control each time he sees it do something new. Valentine finally snaps, grabs a hand gun from another passenger, an air marshal, shoots out the window (causing a breach in the pressurized cabin), and begins firing at the creature. This only serves to catch the attention of the gremlin, who rushes up to Valentine and promptly destroys the gun. After a tense moment, in which they notice that the plane is landing, the gremlin grabs Valentine's face, then simply scolds him by wagging its finger in a "no, no" manner. The creature leaps into the sky and flies away as the airplane begins to make an emergency landing. As the delirious and incoherent Valentine is wrapped in a straitjacket and carried off in an ambulance, the police, crew, and passengers begin to discuss the incident, writing off Valentine as insane. The aircraft maintenance crew soon arrives however, and everyone gathers to examine the massive amounts of unexplained damage to the plane's engines. Epilogue... Valentine is in an ambulance going to a hospital when the driver (played by Dan Aykroyd, from the opening) starts playing Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Midnight Special". The ambulance driver turns around and says, "Heard you had a big scare up there, huh? Wanna see something really scary?" The film then ends as the scene fades out to a starry night sky along with Rod Serling's opening monologue from the first season of The Twilight Zone. "There is a fifth dimension, beyond that which is known to man. It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition, and it lies between the pit of man's fears and the summit of his knowledge. This is the dimension of imagination. It is an area which we call the Twilight Zone."
tt0099739
Action,Crime,Drama
Back in 1983 Mason Storm (Seagal) is a Los Angeles police detective who is investigating a mob meeting taking place by a pier. He spies on them with a video camera and captures on tape a shadowy figure telling the other people that they can rely on his political support, emphasizing this by saying "And you can take that to the bank!" Storm is spotted but manages to get away. Driving home and unaware of another pair of cops listening in, Mason informs first his partner then his friend Lt. O'Malley (Coffin) that he has evidence of corruption, and will be bringing the tape to them soon. He goes into a store to get Champagne and a teddy bear to give to his son. The store is robbed, with one of the robbers shooting the clerk. Mason manages to stop them and afterwards goes home, intent on celebrating with his wife Felicia (Bonnie Burroughs). Before he does anything else, Mason hides the tape in a small hole in his kitchen wall. When he goes upstairs, a hit squad composed of corrupt policemen, including Jack Axel (Boswell) and Max Quentero (Richmond), working for the politician, break in and proceed to murder Mason's wife and shoot him. Mason's young son Sonny, (Bara) manages to hide until the danger passes. At the same time, Storm's partner is shot by a masked assassin whilst seated beside his window. At the hospital, Mason is found to be alive, but in a coma. Lieutenant O'Malley informs the medics to tell people that Mason died, to prevent anyone from coming back for him later. Mason is set up by the corrupt policemen as having murdered his wife and committed suicide. Seven years later, Mason wakes from his coma. Andy (LeBrock), one of the two nurses monitoring him, makes a phone call, which is intercepted by one of the corrupt police officers who want to see Mason dead. They send Jack Axel to the hospital to finish the job and kill the nurses to whom Mason might have talked. Mason realizes that he is still in danger but his muscles have atrophied to where he can barely use his arms. He manages to get himself to an elevator, and when Andy sees her colleagues killed, she helps Mason escape from the hospital. Needing time to recuperate, Andy brings Mason to a friend's house, where Mason uses his knowledge of acupuncture, moxibustion and other meditation techniques to recover his strength. While training, Mason hears a commercial for Senator Vernon Trent (Sadler) on television, who caps the commercial with the phrase, "And you can take that to the bank!" Recognizing the voice, Mason now knows who he has to go after to get his revenge and even mocks Trent's phrase by saying "I'm gonna take you to the bank, Senator Trent. To the blood bank!". Mason contacts O'Malley, who comes over with some weapons for Mason. O'Malley tells Mason that his son is still alive - O'Malley took Mason's son in and raised him, sending him to a private school so that he would be out of danger. O'Malley then leaves. However, Senator Trent's men find the house where Mason and Andy are and attempt to kill them, but Mason manages to get them both out again. Mason then goes back to his old house. Posing as realtors looking to see if the house is one that can be put on the market, Mason breaks through the plaster in the kitchen to get the tape he hid. Mason then goes to meet O'Malley in a train station, where O'Malley brings Mason's now teenage son. They do not see each other, because as Mason arrives, O'Malley is already dead having been shot (by Max) after giving the tape to Andy for safe-keeping while providing a distraction for Sonny (Rosencrantz) to get away. When Mason arrives, he sees his son running away from two of the corrupt officers (recognizing one who helped murder his wife). Mason catches up with the men, kills Max and saves his son and decides to go after Senator Trent at his home. At the Senator's mansion, Mason sneaks in and manages to take the Senator's men down one by one. Mason fights with Axel in the billiard room, ending with him jamming a pool stick into his neck. Mason finally manages to confront Senator Trent and holds him at gunpoint when the police storm the mansion. However, rather than arresting Mason, the police arrest Senator Trent and take him away. Mason is then reunited with Andy and his son and walk off as the image from the videotape is played, showing Trent coming out of the shadows briefly, wondering who it is that is taping him.
tt0077745
Horror,Sci-Fi
On an unidentified planet, a strange lifeform in the shape of gel-like spores drifts up into the atmosphere, where it moves slowly through space, drifting until it reaches Earth. The spores enter the atmosphere and are swept downward, emerging in a rainstorm in San Francisco. On the ground, the spores begin to develop, growing on leaves of earthly plants and taking the shape of small pods with a pink flower in the middle. Elizabeth Driscoll (Brooke Adams) notices one of the pods, taking it back to the home she shares with her boyfriend, Geoffrey (Art Hindle). Unable to find the flowering pod in any of her botany books, she hesitantly identifies her new find as a cross-breeding of two different species, a "grex." Matthew Bennell (Donald Sutherland) is an inspector for the health department who uncovers unsanitary conditions at a French restaurant. As he threatens the owner with indictment over finding rat droppings in the food, the other employees quietly slip out to the parking lot and smash Matthew's windshield with a bottle of wine. Matthew is cold and calculating, refusing to let them see his frustration at finding his car vandalized, but when he gets home he calls Elizabeth. They work together at the health department, and Matthew jokes with her about what happened to him at the restaurant. As Elizabeth goes to bed, she forgets about the weird pod, which has suddenly sprouted roots in the glass of water she keeps it in next to their bed. When Elizabeth wakes the next morning, Geoffrey is already awake and dressed, cleaning up the remains of the glass of water next to the bed, as well as some other, unidentifiable mess (resembling some kind of dust). His behavior is strange, and she follows him downstairs as he takes a plastic garbage bag out to a waiting dump truck. At work, she confides to Matthew that Geoffrey is acting strange. Later that night, Elizabeth tries to talk it over with Geoffrey but he ignores her, instead telling her that he's going out and giving her no explanation. Elizabeth touches him intimately and recoils from his emotionless response. Elizabeth rushes over to Matthew's house and insists that Geoffrey is no longer Geoffrey. On the outside he looks the same, but inside he is different. Matthew hears her out but calms her by cooking a good meal and letting her vent. The next day, Matthew hears a strange story from the owner of the Chinese laundry he patronizes: his wife is not his wife. Later he finds Elizabeth at the health department offices, shaken and obviously distraught. She reveals that she has been following Geoffrey during that day and has seen him having brief meetings with strangers, all of them passing unidentifiable parcels among themselves. She is convinced that there is some sort of conspiracy afoot and that Geoffrey is a part of it. Matthew wants to take her to meet his friend, a renowned psychologist named David Kibner (Leonard Nimoy). Kibner has written a number of popular books, the latest of which has just been published, and Matthew takes Elizabeth to a book signing party at a local bookstore so she can meet Kibner personally. While stopped at a traffic light, a strange man (Kevin McCarthy, the star of the original movie) suddenly falls onto Matthew's car, screaming and pounding at the windows, warning "They're coming! Something terrible! You're in danger!" Before they can react, another vehicle comes along and strikes the man dead. Strangely, the crowd of people around him seem to not be affected by what has happened at all, not even the motorcycle policeman who arrives on the scene. (Unnoticed by Matthew and Elizabeth, there are one or two others down the streets and sidewalks running from groups of other people chasing them.) At the book party that evening, Matthew and Elizabeth meet up with Jack Bellicec (Jeff Goldblum), a friend of Matthew's. Matthew tries to phone in a report to the police about the accident, but he meets with strange resistance. Elizabeth becomes entranced by an extremely upset woman who is insisting to Kibner that her husband is an impostor. Kibner calms the woman somewhat before sending her on her way with her husband, but Elizabeth urges the woman to contact her at the health department because she knows what she is trying to say. Finally, Matthew is able to introduce Elizabeth to Kibner, who admits that over the past few days, other people have been coming to him with the same story that Elizabeth is telling. The patients tell him that someone close to them is acting strange and seems like an impostor; the patients seem to get over it quickly and change their story. Kibner suggests that it is a result of the emotional isolation people feel in modern relationships, but even Matthew notices that Kibner doesn't seem to be listening to what Elizabeth is really saying. Matthew takes Elizabeth home and she finds a plant waiting for her; a card indicates it's a gift from Geoffrey. Jack returns to his wife, Nancy (Veronica Cartwright), who runs a mud bath facility. Jack is frustrated over not getting a chance to read his poetry at Kibner's book party, and he goes into the baths to relax. Nancy interacts with a strange patron name Mr. Gianni, who has given her a plant just like the one Geoffrey left for Elizabeth. When Nancy begins closing up for the evening, she notices someone lying under a sheet and thinks it is Jack. Removing the sheet, she is startled to find a strange form underneath. It resembles a man, but lacks distinctive features, and is covered with white tendrils. Jack, who was sleeping nearby, suddenly appears and Nancy strikes him accidentally, giving him a nosebleed, and the shape on the table begins to bleed, too. They call Matthew and urge him to come over to examine the phenomenon, and when he realizes something terribly strange is happening, he remembers Elizabeth. Unable to reach her by phone, Matthew goes over to her house, and while Geoffrey sits listening to headphones, Matthew breaks into the house and retrieves a sleeping Elizabeth from the house. Before taking her from her bed, Matthew is shocked to see a duplicate of her body lying nearby, covered in the same fibers as the body at the baths. Back at the baths, Jack falls asleep again and the body begins to take on his features, until Nancy wakes him up again. Matthew and Elizabeth return to the baths and summon Kibner, but the body has apparently vanished. Likewise, Matthew reports Elizabeth's "other body" to the police, but when they return to the house she shares wtih Geoffrey, nobody is able to find a body. Kibner quiets the police and Geoffrey seems unconcerned that his girlfriend refuses to come home and is spending the night with Matthew. Converging at Matthew's house, the small group forms their hypothesis: somehow, people are being duplicated, and these alternate bodies are appearing to take their places. Kibner is skeptical and tries to talk them out of their ideas, but finally leaves; unseen by the others, he gets into a car with two other "conspirators," including Geoffrey. All day, Matthew tries to get others to listen to him about what's going on. He makes phone calls, has meetings, and tries to find anybody who will take him seriously. Similarly, the woman who was so upset at the bookstore turns up at the health department and tells Elizabeth that she's alright now. That night, the Bellicecs stay at Matthew's. Kibner gives Elizabeth a mild sedative to help her sleep, and leaves. The entire group falls asleep except for Nancy. As they sleep, four pods in Matthew's garden release white tendrils that attach to the sleeping people, and they soon burst forth with embryonic life, somehow duplicating their victims. Before the transformation is complete, Nancy revives Matthew. Together they wake the others, and Matthew tries to call for help. The telephone operators already know who he is, addressing him by name. The power goes out, and they see a horde of pod people rushing up the hill to Matthew's house. As the others escape out the back, Matthew leaves the yard, smashing in the head of his own duplicate with a hoe. Near the docks, the group appears to be cornered behind a group of shipping crates, but Jack sacrifices himself, rushing out along the dock and getting the pod people clones to give chase. Nancy runs off after him, and Matthew and Elizabeth are on their own. They attempt to take a taxi out of town, but the sinister looking cab driver (Don Siegel, the director of the original movie) drives them to a police roadblock that is arresting people attempting to leave the city. Matthew and Elizabeth find that they cannot escape San Francisco; the pod people are everywhere, even spreading pods right out in the open as they now apparently outnumber humans. Taking refuge in the dark offices of the health department, they find speed pills in someone's desk and take as much as they can in order to keep themselves awake. However, they are found out by none other than Jack, who has returned with Kibner, both of them pod people. Kibner gives them a sedative. He explains that they will be reborn into a new world without emotions or complications, thanks to the alien life form that has taken root on Earth, but Matthew and Elizabeth manage to overpower both of them, killing Jack and locking Kibner in a freezer. On the way out of the building, they encounter Nancy in a stairwell; she is still human. Nancy reveals that she and Jack were separated, but she has discovered a way to move among the pod people: by refusing to show emotion. The three of them leave the health department right out in the open, but Elizabeth is startled by a bizarre pod hybrid that has mutated into a dog with a human head. An elderly pod lady notices it and makes a high-pitched scream, which seems to be a way by the pod people to call out to others of a human in their mist. Nancy once again gets separated from Elizabeth and Matthew, who are identified as human (Type-H as referred by the pod people) and chased throughout the city. Making their way to the docks, Matthew and Elizabeth discover a a greenhouse where thousands of pods are being cultivated. Elizabeth, hindered by a twisted ankle and lack of sleep, feels as if she can't go on much further without sleep. Matthew goes to investigate the sounds of "Amazing Grace" coming from one of the ships, leaving Elizabeth hidden among some tall grass. Matthew is horrified to see huge palettes of pods being loaded onto the ships; the spiritual is simply a random radio broadcast, as the station is changed, the ship helmed by pod people ready to take the alien presence to other areas of the world. When Matthew returns to Elizabeth, he finds her asleep, and he is unable to wake her. As he holds her in his arms, Elizabeth's body crumbles into a husk, and her nude clone appears in the grass. The pod Elizabeth tells Matthew that everything is alright; the conversion is painless, and good. She encourages him to sleep, but her voice is hard and cold. Matthew runs, slipping into the greenhouse facility. He makes his way to the steep scaffolding and after taking a fire axe, beings wreaking havoc among the pods, dropping electrical lighting rigs onto them until the entire place is in flames and the unborn pods are burned. But the fire alarm is sounded, and the pod people pursue him, including the newly converted Elizabeth. Matthew slips away from them, hiding under a dock. He hears them talking amongst themselves and one of them says: "He can't get far, he has to sleep sometime." Matthew knows that they are right. The next day, Matthew goes through the motions of his job, staring blankly at his co-workers. He sees Elizabeth in the hallways of the building but they do not acknowledge one another. Outside, Matthew sees schoolbuses of children from Santa Barbara, L.A. and other areas of California being taken to a theater for their conversion. A while later, Matthew is walking along a deserted street towards the City Hall building and hears a voice calling to him. Turning around, he sees the still-human Nancy across the street. As she crosses the street to meet him, Matthew's face twists into a grimace and he points at her, screaming an alien scream to alert the other pod clones to her presence. Nancy screams realizing, too late, that Matthew is now a pod person as the camera zooms into his mouth and the screen fades to black... (By the time the end credits finish rolling, it is strongly implied that Nancy will be captured and become a pod clone too. Apparently there are no more humans alive in San Francisco. The inevitable has happened: the pods have won... and the rest of Earth is apparently doomed.)
tt0069113
Action,Adventure,Drama
The SS Poseidon, a trans-Atlantic passenger steamship slated for retirement, is making its way across the Atlantic from New York City to Athens on its last voyage. On the bridge, company representative Linarcos (Fred Sadoff) orders the ship's master, Captain Harrison (Leslie Nielsen), to empty ballast and proceed at full speed, against the Captain's better judgement. Meanwhile, Detective Lieutenant Mike Rogo (Ernest Borgnine) and his ex-prostitute wife Linda (Stella Stevens)--seasick, like much of the passengers--receive an invitation to the captain's table. Reverend Frank Scott (Gene Hackman), a priest questioning his faith, delivers an unnerving sermon at Sunday service. Susan Shelby (Pamela Sue Martin) and her younger brother Robin (Eric Shea) are traveling to meet their parents. Robin is interested in how the ship works and frequently visits the engine room. Retired hardware store owner Manny Rosen (Jack Albertson) and his wife Belle (Shelley Winters) are going to Israel to meet their two-year-old grandson for the first time. Haberdasher James Martin (Red Buttons) is a love-shy, health-conscious bachelor. The ship's singer, Nonnie Parry (Carol Lynley) rehearses for the New Year celebration with her band, which includes her brother Teddy on drums. That evening, New Year's Eve, everybody gathers in the dining room to celebrate. Captain Harrison is called back to the bridge because of an emergency report of an undersea earthquake near Crete. Harrison receives word from the lookout that there is a huge wave heading towards them. He immediately issues a mayday, but it is already too late. The wave hits the bridge, drowning Harrison, Linarcos and other ship's officers. The ship rolls over, killing and injuring most of the people on board. After the capsized derelict steadies, the surviving passengers and crew in the dining room take stock of their predicament. Robin looks for his sister, who has ended up under a table attached to what is now the ceiling. Scott assembles a team to hold a tablecloth that will cushion her fall and coaxes Susan to jump to safety. Acres, an injured waiter, is trapped at the galley door now high above them. Scott seizes on this, saying that rescue will be found 'upwards', at the outer hull, which is now above water. Robin confirms this, telling the group that the steel plating near the aft propeller shaft is just one inch thick. After some more talking and discussing, Manny, Belle, Mike, Linda, Nonnie, Susan, Robin, Acres, and Martin reluctantly agree to go with Scott. The group need something to climb up to Acres, so they eventually agree to use the Christmas tree as a makeshift ladder. Scott tries to convince more passengers to join his group, but all remain where they are in hopes of rescue. Just after the small group reaches the galley, there is a series of explosions and seawater begins to flood the ballroom. The survivors left behind rush to the Christmas tree, but the weight of everyone trying to climb at once pulls it over into the rising water. Scott, the last to leave, sadly closes the kitchen doors on the desperation below. Acres and Scott find the galley, but a warning light is on and the fire door, hot to the touch, has been shut. Scott enters the incinerated kitchen to investigate, returns, and the survivors pick their way through to a staircase on the other side. Scott climbs the ramped underside of the stairs first and he and Martin use a salvaged firehose to pull Rogo and Acres up. While Rogo pulls the others up, Scott and Acres go ahead and find the only exit to 'Broadway' (the main passageway of the ship) is blocked. Acres suggests an access tunnel to the funnel shaft. Scott undogs the opening and returns for Linda, Martin and Nonnie. Just then, water floods the staircase and the now-panicked survivors race to the tunnel. Temporarily safe, Scott leads them to an access tunnel. Rogo had been instructed to look after everybody but, just as Martin and Nonnie climb into the hole, water begins to fill the corridor. They make it into the funnel and began to climb up with Acres above them. Suddenly, the ship rocks from another series of explosions and Acres falls into the churning water and is lost. Rogo makes an attempt to save him, but the shaft explodes and forces him to abandon Acres. While climbing out of the shaft and into 'Broadway', Scott and Rogo argue heatedly over the loss of Acres when their group meets a larger band of survivors. These are led by the ship's medic and are heading towards the bow. Rogo argues with Scott about which direction to go and gives Scott only fifteen minutes to go aft to find the engine room. Everybody else looks for supplies. Scott and Susan (who has a crush on the charismatic Reverend) find the hatch that leads to the engine room. Scott tells Susan to return to the others and go forward if he's not back in five minutes. After waiting, Susan tells the others the bad news, but Scott reappears and announces he has found the way to the engine room. While Susan shows the survivors where to go, Scott notices that Robin is missing. He finds Robin just as the water begins to flood Broadway. They race to the hatch and make it up just as the water floods the corridor. The group finds the engine room is on the other side of a flooded corridor, so someone must swim through with a line so the others can find a way across. Belle, a former trained swimmer, claims that she could swim under it, but Scott refuses and dives in with the line. Halfway through, a panel collapses on Scott and traps him. The survivors notice something is wrong and Belle dives in to save him. She finds Scott and they make it to the other side. As Scott secures the lifeline, Belle suddenly has a heart attack and collapses. With her last breath, she tells Scott to give her "Chai" pendant (representing the Hebrew sign for life) to her husband who in turn will give it to her grandson. Scott weeps at her loss. Rogo swims over during the delay to make sure Belle and Scott are okay. When he surfaces, he sees Belle's death, and returns to the other side. Rosen suspects something is wrong and swims to the other side only to find his wife's lifeless body. A few minutes later, the others make it across and find Manny in tears. Initially he is unwilling to go on, but Scott gives him Belle's Chai pendant, reminding him that he still has a reason to live. Scott continues aft and finds the propeller shaft room's watertight door 'below' a steam valve. He returns and leads the survivors across a catwalk to the door, but there is another series of explosions and Linda falls to her death, presumptively of a broken neck. An infuriated and heartbroken Rogo blames her death on Scott, calling him a "lying, murderous son-of-a-bitch." More explosions rupture a large pipe which releases clouds of scalding-hot steam that block the group's path to their escape. Scott, outraged about the three deaths and this final obstacle, screams at God that he has betrayed the survivors. He leaps and grabs onto the burning-hot valve wheel to shut off the escaping steam. Hanging from it, Scott slowly turns off the steam, all the while cursing God. The helpless Scott tells Rogo to lead the group on, then lets go of the wheel and is lost to the flaming, oily water below. Susan, in anguish, tries to follow him. Rogo finally leads the remaining survivors--Rosen, Martin, Nonnie, Susan and Robin--through the watertight door and into the propeller shaft room, but they find no rescuers. Suddenly, they hear a noise outside the ship. They bang on the metal hull to get the rescuers' attention and, after several frantic attempts, finally get a response. The rescuers cut a hole through the hull using a blow torch and help the group from the ship. The survivors, the only six alive after the disaster, fly off to safety by helicopter.
tt0109842
Crime,Drama,Thriller
2 year old Michael "Fresh" stops at a latina woman's apartment to pick up dime bags of heroin before he goes to school. Fresh notices that she has given him the wrong amount and Fresh tries to warn her that his boss Esteban will be angry with the incorrect amount. He sees the track marks on her arm, indicating that she is a drug addict trying to swindle him out of his delivery. He leaves, disgusted. Next, he visits another apartment where several women and one man, Chilli, are measuring and cutting bricks of crack. Chilli insults Fresh and calls him a little boy doing a man's job. Chilli also makes crude comments about Fresh's sister, which angers Fresh. He rushes out because he is late to school. He meets up with another of Esteban's employees to count the drugs. The employee tells Fresh that Esteban wants to see him after handing Fresh his share of the money. Fresh arrives at school where is his scolded by his teacher, Mrs. Coleman, for being late. Fresh acts like a normal boy by playing around with his best friend, Chuckie. At recess, the boys watch the girl's cheerleading team and Fresh talks to one of the girls, Rosie, who thinks he is cute. Fresh's friends notice the two and embarrassed, Fresh leaves the group and talks to her at a distance through a fence in the school yard so they won't tease him. After school, Fresh goes to a forested, abandoned area to put his new earnings in a secret hiding place, where we see that he has amassed a substantial savings. From there, he goes to his grandmother's house where all of his aunt and cousins reside. Fresh greets everyone but no one pays him any attention. He talks to his estranged sister Nichole while another cousin warns Fresh that if he comes home late again and "messes up (their current privilege of living at their Aunt's house)" she would kill him. The next morning, Fresh is selling drugs when a pregnant woman approaches him, desperate for crack. She tries to get him to lower his price, complaining that other sellers let her have the drug for cheap. Another desperate drug addict offers to perform fellatio on Fresh in exchange for drugs. Fresh refuses and slaps her, sending her away. He goes to get paid by another boss, Corky, who gives him fifty dollars. Fresh demands more money after seeing that Jake, a teenage lookout, makes more money than him. Impressed with his ambition, Corky agrees. Corky tells Fresh he will go far one day. Fresh takes the subway to a local park to play chess with a man who is undefeated for money while his father Sam, a skilled chess player, sits at another table watching him. After winning, Fresh plays his father but he loses. Sam criticizes Fresh's strategy and Fresh leaves to visit Chuckie, who proposes to enter their dog, Roscoe, in a dogfight to earn money. Fresh refuses so Chuckie urges Fresh to get him a job with Esteban. Fresh rebuffs his suggestion, saying that Chuckie is too immature to be a drug dealer, and agrees to enter their pet into the fight. Fresh leaves him to visit Esteban, who is annoyed that Fresh is selling crack for other drug dealers. He warns Fresh that when it comes to crack dealing, Fresh will either die addicted to his own product or be killed by rival dealers or unstable drug addicts. Then Esteban begins asking about Nichole, making it known that he would like to have sex with her. Fresh is shocked and struggles to hide his emotions. Esteban presses him for information about Nichole and Fresh dodges the questions by claiming that Nichole is watched carefully by his aunt. He leaves Esteban to go to the corner store where Nichole works. He bumps into James, Nichole's drug dealing boyfriend, who insults his appearance before allowing him to see Nichole. Fresh warns Nichole that Esteban is interested in her and asks her why she stays with James. She tells him that she doesn't love James; only the drugs he can supply her with. Fresh insists that he and their family loves her but Nichole dismisses him. Fresh goes to watch a neighborhood basketball game, where Jake begins to show jealously towards a small kid, Curtis, and pushes him to the ground during the game. After Curtis scores a point, Jake becomes angered and leaves the court. Rosie sees Fresh and walks over to talk to him. As she does, Jake runs in and shoots Curtis, killing Rosie in the crossfire. As nearby kids scream, Jake threatens that if anyone talks, he will kill them. The police arrive shortly, demanding information, but Fresh doesn't tell them anything. Fresh plays chess with his father Sam again who scolds him for being distracted. Fresh loses to his father, but is able to put his Father's king in "check" for the first time. The two go to his house, a broken down, cluttered and dirty mobile home, to celebrate. Later, Chuckie and Fresh arrive at the dogfight, where Fresh spots Jake. Fresh tries to convince Chuckie to take Roscoe out of the fight, but nevertheless, their dog wins. Chuckie wants to enter him into another fight but Fresh stops him, agreeing to get him a job with Esteban. They go to Esteban's apartment where they accidentally walk in on Esteban and Nichole finishing having sex. Esteban tells them to wait in another room, where Chuckie asks for a job. Esteban agrees and tells Fresh that he plans to groom Fresh to his protege and wants Fresh to stop selling for other dealers. Meanwhile, Corky has the police hot on his trail since Jake's shooting attracted attention. It is a this point that Fresh devises an elaborate strategy that will ultimately remove himself and his sister from the projects. Fresh goes to another source, Hector, under the pretense of being the runner for Corky. Hector refuses to hand over the drugs to Fresh, fearing that the police will come after him. Fresh threatens him and offers him a substantial sum of cash, which we understand to be the entirety of Fresh's personal savings. Hector takes the money and tells Fresh where to pick up the drugs. Fresh says that the police have wire-tapped Corky's phone numbers and tells Hector not to call Corky. At school, Chuckie can't resist bragging about his new job for Esteban. After school, he and Fresh buy science textbooks to hide bags of heroin in before going on the subway, where Chuckie mouths off to a police officer. Next, they go to an abandoned house where Fresh hides their stash in the floorboards while Chuckie keeps lookout with a gun. When leaving the building, three men step out from behind the corner approaching them. Chuckie tries to shoot at the men but trips. The gun falls under a car and Chuckie tries to grab it but an assailant shoots the tire and it flattens under Chuckie's hand, crushing it. Fresh runs back over to help him, but Chuckie is stuck. Fresh runs away and the assailants shoot Chuckie. Fresh is questioned by the police at the police station. They question him, but since they have no evidence to detain him, they let him go. One of the nicer detectives, Sgt. Perez, gives him his card. Back at home, Fresh's aunt remonstrates sadly with him for getting involved in gunfire and tells him that she cannot risk the lives of her eleven other children for him. She informs him that he will be sent to a group home for a month. At school, Fresh's friends blame him for Chuckie's death and truly alone, Fresh shoots Chuckie's dog, Roscoe. When Fresh goes outside, Jake forces him in the car with the three assailants, revealing that Jake had ordered the attack. They bring Fresh to a room where Corky is waiting. Jake brags that he told Corky that Fresh was selling for other rival dealers but Fresh lies to the other henchmen that Fresh was being forced to sell for Jake. The henchmen turn on Jake and Jake's friend Red tries to convince them that Fresh is lying. However, Fresh insists that Jake and Red were planning to oust Corky and he was only saying that he was selling for Esteban as protection. Fresh tells them to call Hector, who will reveal the truth. Corky calls Hector, where Hector confirms that he met with Fresh. The conversation is short, with Hector expressing concern over Corky' phone being wire-tapped, as Hector was told was the case, by Fresh. An enraged Corky hangs up, assuming that Jake is behind it all. Corky believes the version of events stated by Fresh and whips Red and Jake to death with chains. Corky turns to Fresh and asks who else is involved. Fresh names James. Fresh then goes to Esteban's warehouse and tells him that Corky's crew had jumped him and says that Corky is planning to sell heroin as well. He tells Esteban that Corky's distributor is James and the two are planning to meet that night. He also adds that Nichole is seeing James secretly because James is plotting with Corky to take Esteban out. Corky and his men arrive at James' place and storm in while Esteban, Fresh, and two other men wait in Esteban's car, watching them. Esteban signals his henchmen to follow him and tells Fresh and Herbie to stay put. Inside, Esteban's crew kills James, Corky, and Corky's men. Afterwards, they drive to Esteban's place and Esteban sees Nichole is there. He tells his henchmen to take Fresh home but Fresh makes them stop the car, claiming that he will spend the night at a friend's house. He runs into a convenience store and makes a phone call on a pay phone. He then shows up at Esteban's apartment, claiming that he couldn't go home. Esteban lets him stay because he wants to confront Fresh for telling Nichole that he found her father in Staten Island and for urging her to leave for a rehabilitation center. Angry, Esteban demands to know what else Fresh is hiding from him. The three argue and Esteban tries to force Nichole to stay with him. The police arrive and as Esteban goes to answer the door, Fresh hides something under the bed. The police officer turns out to be Sgt. Perez, who reveals that he is responding to a call about a domestic dispute. Esteban denies any argument and suggests they have the wrong apartment. Fresh comes forward and tells Perez that his sister is scared to speak up and how Esteban is a drug dealer who killed James and is now threatening his sister. Esteban swears that he is clean but Fresh tells Sgt. Perez to check under the bed. The policeman looks under the bed and find Esteban's gun (which he removed from the car after the shooting earlier) and the drugs Fresh planted. The police take Esteban away and Sgt. Perez promises to protect Fresh and his sister from any retaliation. Fresh expresses that he no longer wants to live in any "projects". Next, Fresh walks to the park to play chess with his father, who is angry that Fresh is late. He tells Fresh that he will not give him anymore chess tips as he won't always be there to hold his hand. After his ranting, he looks at Fresh, who is staring back at him, crying. His father, bashfully looks away, hesitant to make his first chess move. Fresh continues to stare at his father, expressionless, as tears run down his cheeks.
tt0078902
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In Bloomington, Indiana, recent high school graduate Dave Stoller (Dennis Christopher) carries a cycling trophy as he walks through the woods with his friends Mike (Dennis Quaid), Cyril (Daniel Stern), and Moocher (Jackie Earle Haley), on their way to swim at an abandoned, water-filled quarry. Later that morning, Dave rides his bike through town, singing in Italian, while his parents, Evelyn (Barbara Barrie) and Ray (Pau Dooley), discuss his recent behavior at breakfast. Ray wants Dave to get a job and move out, but Evelyn defends her son's interest in cycling and remaining at home with his parents, the way Italian people live. Dave returns with his trophy and announces that an Italian cycling team may race in Indiana soon. Ray later pretends Dave is a stranger when he rides past his father's used car lot and shouts hello in Italian. Back at the quarry, Dave and his friends discuss their need to find jobs, hoping to work at the same place. Mike notices several college students from the University of Indiana on the other side of the quarry and becomes upset, suggesting that if they want to infringe upon the locals' territory, he and his friends should take a trip to the college campus. Soon after, they drive to Indiana University and discuss the differences between the rich students and themselves. While they watch the football team practice, Mike recalls his time as a high school quarterback and expresses the frustration he feels when reading newspaper stories about players on the college team. Later, Dave practices Italian on campus and spots a beautiful girl riding a moped. Picking up a book that she dropped, Dave chases her on his bike, and outside the girl's sorority house, he returns the book. Dave introduces himself as "Enrico," an Italian exchange student, and she tells him her name is Katherine (Robyn Douglass). One day, Dave receives a cycling journal in the mail and learns that Team Cinzano, the Italian cyclists, will hold a race in nearby Indianapolis. As Dave rides through town, Cyril runs alongside him, and they discuss a college entrance exam Dave is supposed to take, though he admits he doesn't want to go back to school. One night, Dave stands outside Katherine's sorority and serenades her in Italian while Cyril plays his guitar. Inside the sorority, Katherine's friend Suzy (Pamela Jane Soles) calls Katherine's current boyfriend, Rod (Hart Bocher), to alert him. Meanwhile, Evelyn and Ray have a romantic dinner at home, listening to Italian music. When Dave finishes his song, Katherine rides off with him, leaving Cyril behind. Rod and his friends pull up and run after Cyril, believing he was the one who serenaded Rod's girlfriend. Later, Dave and Katherine return, and she kisses him goodnight. The next day, Mike sees Cyril's bruises and demands to know what happened, but Cyril remains silent about the incident. Determined to find the culprit, Mike drives to campus where Cyril identifies Rod, who is driving around with a new girl. Rod calls Mike and his friends "Cutters," a local word for townies. Spotting Rod's car later that night, Mike, Cyril, and Moocher search for Rod inside a dining hall where Dave and Katherine are having a date. Mike and Rod start a brawl, and police arrive to break it up. Rod and his friends gather before a college administrator who suggests they resolve their conflict with the local residents in a more dignified manner and announces that this year's Little 500 bicycle race will welcome one team comprised of four non-students. At the quarry, Dave says he does not want to race in the Little 500, but Mike encourages him, suggesting that they will have a proper team if all four participate. On the other side of the quarry, Rod shows up with friends, and he and Mike engage in an impromptu swimming contest until Mike cuts his head on a rock. Afterward, Moocher and Dave walk through town, and Moocher announces that he's going to marry his girlfriend, Nancy (Amy Wright). He then meets Nancy at the courthouse to apply for a marriage license. Riding his bicycle through a red light, Dave almost collides with his father who is leading a test drive. Ray's vehicle stalls and later must be towed, costing him the sale. The next evening, Evelyn suggests that Ray give Dave a job, and, despite his resistance, Ray hires Dave to wash the cars on the lot. When a customer attempts to return a car, citing a 90-day guarantee Ray promised, Dave encourages his father to honor his word, but Ray refuses. He then suffers a heart attack. At home, as a doctor tends to Ray in bed, Dave tells his mother he will not compete in the upcoming bicycle race against the Italians, but Evelyn urges him to race despite Ray's condition. At the Cinzano 100 race, Dave gets a slow start but eventually catches up to the Italian team, who later cheats by shifting Dave's gear and sticking a pole through his wheel, causing him to fall and injure himself. At home, Dave greets Ray and Evelyn without an Italian accent. When Ray asks about the race, Dave cries and hugs his father. On campus, Dave admits to Katherine that he lied about being Italian, and she reacts by slapping him and storming off. At night, Ray asks Dave to join him for a walk. They discuss Dave's future, and Dave admits he is scared to go to college. Ray recalls his days working as a lowly stone cutter, and urges his son to aim for higher goals. One day, Dave's friends present him with an old Roadmaster bicycle, the only make allowed in the Little 500. Though Dave remains unenthusiastic, his passion is reignited when Mike expresses doubt about their chances of winning. Dave takes the bike home and fixes it. In town, he runs into Katherine, and she wishes him luck, saying that she will soon leave for a job in Chicago, Illinois. On the day of the Little 500, Dave and his friends wear shirts provided by Evelyn, with the team name "Cutters" across their chests. Though Dave gains a strong lead early in the race, he collides with another rider and sustains an injury. Moocher, Cyril, and Mike take turns riding while Dave receives medical attention. Listening to the race on the radio, Ray leaves work to join Evelyn in the crowd. When Dave sees his father there, he is inspired to get back into the race. Tied with Rod's team on the final lap, Dave pulls ahead at the last minute and wins the race. In the final scene some time later, Ray rides a bicycle through campus and says hello to Dave, now a student, who has just met a charming French girl.
tt0099703
Crime,Drama,Thriller
The film opens with a voice-over (done by producer Martin Scorsese) where it's explained that bettors at racetracks will deliberately bet high on certain horses to lower the odds and earn more money. 40-year-old veteran con artist Lily Dillon (Angelica Houston) works for a Baltimore gangster, Bobo Justus, who has her place such bets on horse races. After collecting the earnings, Lily opens a hidden compartment in the trunk of her car and skims several thousand dollars from the payoffs and hides it among the other money she's stolen from Bobo. One of Bobo's associates calls her in New Mexico and tells her to go to the downs in La Jolla. Lily agrees and says she'll stop by Los Angeles to see her son. In L.A., Roy Dillon (John Cusak), Lily's 25-year-old estranged son, works several small-time cons. One of his tricks is showing a bartender a $20 bill then slyly switching it for a ten, fooling the bartender in to giving him change for a $20. One day, Roy is caught by one of his marks who seizes his arm and jabs him hard in the chest with the end of a club. Roy manages to walk out of the bar and make it home. While he lays in pain in his bed, he dreams of his first meeting with the man, Mintz (Eddie Jones), who taught him how to con people. Mintz' advice to Roy, and one of his steadfast rules, was to never take a partner in a con - it can only end in ruin. That night Roy's 35-year-old girlfriend, Myra Langtry (Annette Benning), a grifter herself, stops by and they have sex. The next day, Lily shows up at Roy's place and the two have a tense conversation where Roy points out that Lily hasn't contacted him in eight years. The conversation becomes more intense, with Roy feeling great resentment over their falling out. Lily notices that Roy is incredibly ill and feverish and has him taken to a hospital where he's treated for internal bleeding to the injury to his abdomen and lives. When Lilly checks Roy into the hospital, she threatens the life of the doctor when he tells her Roy may not survive. Both Lily and Myra visit Roy in the hospital and there is instant animosity between the two. Lily sees Myra as a bad influence and Myra believes there may be an incestuous relationship between mother and son. Lily calls in the young and attractive nurse that's been tending to Roy and tells her son that she'd hired the nurse to take care of Roy after he leaves the hospital. Roy rebuffs the nurse by telling her that his mother hired her so he would have sex with her. Meanwhile, Myra returns to her apartment where the landlord insists she pay her past due rent immediately. She tells him she's good for it as she has always paid up, one way or another. He insists he wants cash this time. She tells him to come in and offers sex instead. Driving back to La Jolla, Lily gets stuck in a traffic jam and misses her chance to fix a race with a potentially large payoff for Bobo. When she leaves the track, she's met by Bobo (Pat Hingle) himself who orders her to take him to his hotel. On the way he asks Lily why she missed the race, she tells him she was taking care of her son, whom Bobo had never known about. At his room, Bobo punches Lily in the stomach and orders her to get him a towel from the bathroom. He gives her a few pounds of oranges and asks her about the insurance scam that people use: when someone is hit repeatedly with a towel full of oranges, they get large bruises used to make insurance claims. If the injury is done improperly, it can cause severe internal damage. Bobo makes as though he's going to beat Lily with the oranges and stops, pinning her to the floor and burning her right hand with a lit cigar instead. Lily, shaken but regaining her composure, leaves on good terms with Bobo. Roy returns to his apartment and sees Myra. They take a train ride for a romantic weekend getaway and during the trip Roy cheats some sailors at a dice game. Myra sees him at work and later tells him she recognizes his work as a grifter. He refuses to admit what he does at first, but then admits it's true. He asks what's her con, and she says she's a long con. He tells her "you can't do a long con alone". In a long flashback sequence, Myra describes her association with a older con man named Cole (J.T. Walsh), and how they took advantage of wealthy marks in business cons, including a greedy oil investor, named Gloucester Hebbing (Charles Napier). Myra and Cole would set up their con in a plush office building they rented out to appear legitimate which culminates in a fake FBI raid with a fake shooting of Myra to discourage Hebbing from going to the police. Back in the present, Myra further explains that Cole "retired" from the con business a few years ago, when he actually went crazy and was committed to an insane asylum. Later, Myra follows Lily to the horse track and covertly observes Lily placing her skimmed profits into the concealed compartment in her car's trunk. Myra tells Roy that she saw his mother at the track and tries to persuade him to join her in the long con. Roy continues to be distrustful of Myra. She visits Roy at his apartment and tells him she's found a good con and she needs $10,000 to fund the con. He doesn't believe her, and she implies he's having an incestuous relationship with his mother. Roy strikes her and orders her to leave. Roy calls his mother Lily and asks to meet with her "as adults". He agrees to drive to her place for a visit that night. Myra exacts her revenge on Roy by making a phone call to Bobo by telling him that Lily has been skimming. A friend in Bobo's organization calls Lily and tips her off that Bobo knows about the skimmed profits she's keeps in her car trunk. She leaves immediately and drives off. Two of Bobo's men show up at her hotel room a few minutes later to find her abandoned belongings and her flashy gold and cream colored Cadillac gone. After they leave to report to Bobo about Lily's disappearance, Roy arrives at the hotel shortly afterward and also finds his mother has left. After driving most of the night, Lily finds a room at a desert hotel in Arizona and Myra follows her. She uses a master key to get into Lily's room and attacks her while she's asleep in bed. The next day the Phoenix police calls Roy and ask him to come to Phoenix and to the hospital to identify his mother's body, who has died of an apparent self-inflicted gun shot to the face. They need Roy to view the body because they don't have any fingerprints or other identification they can use. Her face is disfigured and unrecognizable, but Roy notices that there's no cigar burn on the corpse's hand. He still confirms to the police that the body is his mother's. When he arrives home, he finds his Lilly in the process of packing his money stash, hidden in the back of picture frames, into a suitcase. He confronts her, and she tells him she shot Myra in self-defense and arranged the scene to appear as though Myra's body was actually her own, in order to convince Bobo she was dead. Lily insists she needs Roy's money to flee, but Roy tells her she has to get a square job and lay low if she wants to survive. He refuses to let her take his money saying he intends to get out of the rackets too. She tells him she'd go to any length to get free of the rackets. She begs him, then tries to seduce him, and even tells him he's not really her son. Roy is disgusted and rejects her. Lilly angrily swings the suitcase containing the money at him and accidentally hits a drinking glass that breaks and strikes his neck, slashing an artery. Lilly sobs convulsively as she picks his money up off the floor as her son bleeds to death. Dressed in red dress and shoes, she flees the room, leaving her son to die, and descends in the hotel elevator to the parking lot. She gets into her son's anonymous Plymouth K-car car and drives off into the night.
tt0091557
Adventure,Drama,Thriller
The film opens with Charlie Fox (River Phoenix) explaining that his father, Allie Fox (Harrison Ford), is a brilliant inventor with "nine patents, six pending." Allie has grown fed up with the American Dream and American consumerism, believing that Americans "buy junk, sell junk and eat junk," and that there is an impending nuclear war on the horizon as a result of American greed and crime. Allie and Charlie go to a hardware store to buy components for a new invention, an ice machine known as Fat Boy. Upon seeing that the product was made in Japan, Allie refuses to purchase it. After Allie and Charlie acquire the components at a local dump, he finishes assembling his creation. Allie's boss and asparagus farm owner, Mr. Polski (Dick O'Neill) complains that Allie is not tending to the asparagus, which is rotting. Allie, Charlie, and Allie's youngest son, Jerry (Jadrien Steele), meet Mr. Polski, and Allie shows him "Fat Boy." The machine leaves Polski unimpressed. As he drives past the fields, a dejected Allie comments on immigrants picking asparagus, and says that where they come from, they might think of ice as a luxury. The home of the migrant workers is in a state of disarray, exemplifying their poverty. That night, Jerry tells "Mother" (Helen Mirren), that he believes something terrible is about to happen. Mother rebuffs her son, explaining that she believes something good will happen. The next morning, Allie throws a party for the immigrant workers before telling his family that they're leaving the United States. After they board a Panamanian barge, the family meets Reverend Spellgood (Andre Gregory), a Christian missionary, his wife (Melanie Boland), and their daughter, Emily (Martha Plimpton). Emily flirts with Charlie. Allie and the Reverend begrudgingly try to get along, despite having entirely different religious views. When the barge docks in Belize City, the families disembark and go their separate ways. Allie, with the consent of the Belize government, purchases a small village called Jeronimo in the rainforest along the river. Mr. Haddy (Conrad Roberts) takes Allie and his family upriver to Jeronimo. Allie meets the inhabitants and proceeds to start building a new, 'advanced' civilization, in the process inventing many new things. The locals take kindly to Allie and his family, but Allie's will to build a utopic civilization keeps them working to their limits. One day, Reverend Spellgood arrives to convert Jeronimo's citizens. In the process, Allie and Spellgood angrily denounce each other, leading to a permanent schism: Allie believes Spellgood to be a religious zealot; Spellgood believes Allie to be a communist. Allie sets to constructing a huge version of "Fat Boy" that can supply Jeronimo with ice. Upon completing the machine, Allie hears rumors of a native tribe in the mountains that have never seen ice. Allie recruits his two sons to carry a load of ice into the jungle to supply the tribe. Upon arriving, Allie finds that the load has melted, and that the tribe has already been visited by missionaries. When Allie returns to Jeronimo, he learns that Spellgood has left with much of the populace, scaring them with stories of God's biblical destruction. The near-empty town is visited by rebels, who demand to use Jeronimo as a guerrilla base. Allie and his family accept to accommodate them while Allie constructs a plan to be rid of them. Set on freezing them to death, Allie bunks the rebels up in the giant ice machine, tells Charlie to lock its only other exit, and activates it. The rebels, waking in panic, try to shoot their way through. To Allie's horror, the rebels' gunfire sets off an explosion within the machine. By the next morning, both the machine and the family's home is in ruins. Worse, the chemicals from the destroyed machine have severely polluted the river. Forced downstream, Allie and his family arrive at the coast. Mother and the children rejoice, believing they can return to the United States. Allie, refusing to believe his dream has been shattered, announces that they have all they need on the beach and, lying, tells the family that America has been destroyed in a nuclear war. Settling on the beach in a houseboat he has built, and refusing assistance from Mr. Haddy, a paranoid Allie believes that the family has accomplished building a utopia. One night, the storm surge from a tropical cyclone nearly forces the family out to sea until Charlie reveals that he has been hiding motor components given to him by Mr. Haddy, allowing them to start the motor on the boat. The family becomes physically and emotionally weaker for lack of food, shelter, and other human companionship. Traveling upstream once again, the family stumbles across Spellgood's compound. Coming ashore, Allie sees barbed wire, and mutters that the settlement is a Christian concentration camp. While the rest of the family sleeps, Charlie and Jerry sneak over to the Spellgood home. After finding out that the United States was not destroyed and that Emily will assist them in escaping from Allie, Charlie obtains the keys to a jeep. Before Charlie can convince Mother and his sisters to leave, Allie sets Spellgood's church on fire. Spellgood shoots Allie, paralyzing him from the neck down. The family escapes aboard the boat. The film concludes with the group traveling downriver again, where Allie drifts in and out of consciousness. Allie asks his wife if they are going upstream. She lies to himgoing against the wishes of her husband for the first time. Charlie's final narration reports the death of Allie, but gives hope that the rest of the family can live their lives freely from now on.
tt0093560
Action,Comedy,Fantasy
The Monster Squad is a society of young pre-teens who idolize classic monsters and monster movies and hold their meetings in a tree clubhouse. Club leader Sean (Andre Gower), whose five-year-old sister Phoebe (Ashley Bank) desperately wants to join the club, is given the diary of legendary vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing (Jack Gwillim) - but his excitement is toned down when he finds it's written in German. Sean, his best friend Patrick (Robby Kiger), and the rest of the Monster Squad visit an elderly man, known as the "Scary German Guy" (Leonardo Cimino), actually a kind gentleman, to translate the diary. When the Monster Squad wonders how the German man is knowledgeable about Van Helsing's battle with monsters, he wryly comments that "he has some experience with monsters" and his shirt sleeve briefly reveals a concentration camp tattoo. The diary describes, in great detail, an amulet that is composed of concentrated good. One day out of every century, as the forces of good and evil reach a balance, the otherwise indestructible amulet becomes vulnerable to destruction, and the next day of balance falls within a couple days, at the stroke of midnight. The kids realize they must gain possession of the amulet before the day of balance arrives; once they have the amulet, the kids can use it with an incantation from Van Helsing's diary to open a hole in the universe and cast the monsters into Limbo. As shown in the prelude, van Helsing had unsuccessfully attempted this one hundred years ago in order to defeat his old adversary Count Dracula; his apprentices then emigrated to the United States to hide the amulet, where it was out of Dracula's immediate reach. Dracula, meanwhile, seeks to obtain the amulet before the Monster Squad does, so that the Count can take control of the world and plunge it into darkness. To this end he assembles several monstrous allies: a mummy, and an amphibious gill-man, and a Wolfman, in addition to three school girls (Mary Albee, Joan-Carrol Baron, and Julie Merrill) whom the Count transforms into his vampiric consorts. Dracula steals a crate from an old World War II bomber in flight (the crate containing Frankenstein's monster), thus completing his allies. However, Frankenstein's monster is reluctant to aid Dracula, and wanders into the forest where he encounters Phoebe. Rather than being afraid, she shows him the kindness he has also sought, and he gets acquainted with her. After Phoebe shows the Monster Squad that Frankenstein's monster is not evil, he chooses to help the boys instead of Dracula. The amulet turns out to be buried in a stone room, under a house that Dracula and the other monsters now occupy and where Van Helsing's diary was found. The secret room is littered with wards which prevent the monsters from simply taking it. The Monster Squad finds and removes the amulet, and escape Dracula's grasp only with sheer luck and a talent for improvisation (like using a garlic pizza to burn the vampire's face). The German man informs them that the incantation must be read by a female virgin. As midnight approaches, the Squad makes their way to a local cathedral to make their last stand and in the nick of time, as shortly after they leave, Dracula destroys their clubhouse with a stick of dynamite. This also calls up another helper for the Monster Squad: Sean's father, Police Detective Del, who has been charged to investigate the strange happenings in town of late (as caused by Dracula's cohorts) but has been quite skeptical about their supernatural causes, not to mention Sean's hobby, in the first place. Del is further puzzled when he is getting warnings from the werewolf that his family is in danger, as the werewolf is actually also a reluctant pawn of Dracula in his human form. Unfortunately, the doors to the cathedral are locked, so the incantation must be read on the stoop, leaving the Squad vulnerable. The Monster Squad has the assistance of Sean's father and Patrick's older sister (Lisa Fuller), as she's the only virgin they know who speaks German. Unfortunately, with time winding down, the incantation fails since Lisa is actually not a virgin anymore. As Dracula's Brides and the other monsters close in, it is realized that Phoebe, being five, must still be a virgin, and the German Guy attempts to help her read the incantation as the rest of the Squad fends off the monsters. In the ensuing battle, the vampiresses, the Mummy, the Gill-Man, and the Wolf-Man are killed. Dracula arrives and is about to kill Phoebe when the Frankenstein Creature turns against him, impaling him on a wrought-iron fence. Phoebe finishes the incantation, opening the portal which begins to consume the bodies of the monsters. Dracula, still alive, attempts to drag Sean in with him, but Sean is saved at the last minute by stabbing Dracula with a wooden stake, and Van Helsing, who briefly escaped from Limbo to take Dracula to his doom. Although Phoebe tries tearfully to hold onto him, Frankenstein's Creature says he must also enter the portal, but accepts a gift of a stuffed animal to remember Phoebe. The portal then closes, ensuring the world's safety.
tt0097981
Fantasy,Horror
Taking place almost a year after The Dream Master, Alice and Dan have now started dating and there is no sign of Freddy Krueger. Alice begins to have dreams of a young nun, with a name tag for "Amanda Krueger", being locked away in an asylum full of maniacs. Upon graduating from high school, Alice and Dan plan their getaway to Europe. Alice has made some new friends: Greta, a supermodel in training; Yvonne, a future Olympic diver; and Mark, a comic geek. As Alice makes her way to work she finds herself back at the asylum. Alice is wheeled into an operating room on a stretcher, wearing Amanda's uniform, and screaming in pain. As Alice looks around she sees Amanda Krueger on the table, instead of herself, giving birth. As the baby is delivered, Amanda clamors to get to it. The baby breaks free from the doctors and escapes the room. Alice follows it into a church rectory, the same place that Alice defeated Freddy in the previous film. Before she can stop him, the baby finds Freddy's clothes and quickly grows into an adult. Amanda shows up to help Alice, but she's disrupted when Freddy slams the church doors closed on her. After these events, Alice finds herself at work, but four hours late. Alice immediately phones Dan who leaves their friends and rushes over to the diner. Before Dan can make it he falls asleep and Freddy forces him to drive into another vehicle. Alice, after watching Freddy take possession of Dan, faints in the middle of the street. At the hospital, she is informed that she is pregnant with Dan's child. While recouping, she meets a young boy, Jacob. Yvonne later informs Alice that there were no children on her floor, nor is there a children's ward at the hospital. Krueger begins to kill Alice's friends one by one as they fall asleep. First is Greta, by forcing her to eat herself to death. Krueger then goes after Mark, and only after Alice drawing herself into Mark's dream does Mark start to believe Alice. Alice requests an early ultrasound for her baby, and she soon realizes that Freddy is using her child to get into her friend's dreams. Alice also discovers that Jacob is really her unborn son. While Alice is looking for Amanda's body, Yvonne is attacked by Krueger. It's only when Yvonne barely escapes Krueger, thanks to a little help from Amanda's soul, that she accepts what Alice has been telling her. Shortly afterwards, Mark finds a comic depicting the entire events to that point and is drawn into his own nightmare. While there, Mark sees an image of Greta and finds his "dream power", the Night Prowler. He attacks Krueger, but is ultimately killed by Krueger and cut to pieces (literally, as he was turned into a paper character in his nightmare). Alice sends Yvonne to the now-abandoned asylum (former Westin Hills) to release Amanda's soul while she sets out to free Jacob. Krueger pulls her into a M. C. Escher-like labyrinth to try to slow her down. Freddy goes back into hiding inside Alice as she finally catches up to Jacob. Upon the revelation that Krueger has been hiding inside of her the whole time, Alice forces him out, but almost dies in the process. After being released by Yvonne, Amanda arrives and instructs Jacob on how to defeat Freddy. Jacob, releasing the power that Krueger has given him, forces himself and Freddy to revert back to an infant. Alice picks up Jacob and absorbs him while the now-infant Freddy tries to escape. Before he can escape, though, Amanda picks him up and absorbs him back inside. Freddy begins to fight from within and the church doors close. A couple of months go by; Alice gives birth to Jacob, and is finally at peace from the nightmares. In the film's last scene, the children who appear throughout the series and are used as omens of Freddy's presence are shown, humming the familiar song "One, two, etc..," wearing church outfits. They are next to Alice, her father, Yvonne, and baby Jacob. We then hear Freddy's laugh indicating he may strike again.
tt0091499
Action,Comedy,Horror
On June 19, 1987 at 9:47 am Eastern Standard Time, planet Earth passes through the tail of a rogue comet, Rhea-M, for just over a week. In Wilmington, North Carolina, machines suddenly come to life and attack humans. A marquee sign about a bank displays an insult and an ATM calls a bank customer an "asshole." (The bank client is writer-director Stephen King, in a cameo.) The town's drawbridge suddenly lifts itself, spilling cars and trucks off of it, killing several people much to the shock of the elderly bridge keeper and his dim-witted assistant. At the Dixie Boy truck stop outside town, Bill Robinson (Emilio Estevez), a recently paroled prisoner from the state pen, working as the short order cook, meets with his new boss, Hendershot (Pat Hingle), the owner of the truck stop. The nasty redneck Hendershot has a system worked out to make life unbearable for parolees who come to work for him, mostly forcing them to work overtime for no pay (as part of his twisted way to exploit them). Hendershot threatens to send Bill back to prison if he doesn't agree to work for extra hours "off the clock". A few of the Dixie Boy's regulars drive up in their semi-haulers. One of them is a man, named Handy (Frankie Faison), who works for Happy Toyz and has a huge green goblin's face mounted on the front of his truck. Some time after he pulls up, his truck starts itself up and moves about 100 feet on it's own. Handy can't believe it since he has the keys. While filling a vehicle with diesel fuel, mechanic Duncan Keller (J.C. Quinn) notices that the flow of diesel from the nozzle has stopped. He looks down the nozzle and it suddenly squirts him in the eyes, temporarily blinding him. Fellow employees, Steve (Barry Bell) and Joe (Pat Miller), tend to him. In the video game room, a would-be thief (Giancarlo Esposito) is stealing change from the machines and gets electrocuted by a huge surge of electricity from one of the video games. While tending the stove, the truck stop waitress Wanda June (Ellen McElduff) gets seriously injured when an electric carving knife turns itself on and cuts a deep cash on her left forearm. Bill runs in to tend to her wound and smashes the electric knife with a hammer. Meanwhile, at a junior league baseball game, the winning coach wants to buy sodas for his team. The soda machine swallows his money and then shoots the cans at high speed, hitting him first in the crotch, then in the head, killing him. The machine spits more cans at the players, who run from the field. One of the players, Deke (Holter Graham), a catcher, quickly puts his catcher's mask over his face when several cans fly toward him. Suddenly, a steamroller breaks through the scoreboard and runs over one of the young players. Deke notices that the steamroller has no driver. He mounts his bicycle and races off. On a deserted freeway, a female hitchhiker, named Brett Graham (Laura Harrington), is riding with a gross lecherous Bible salesman and con artist, named Loman (Christopher Murney), who makes inappropriate passes against her. Trying to get a signal on the car radio, Brett briefly hears a vague news announcement, over garbled and static broadcasting, speaking of "unexplained events" being reported, as well as about the local microwave facilities being inoperative, and issuing a urgent message to "get away at once" from all the local roads or major highways. Brett is forced to grab the steering wheel and pull into the Dixie Boy truck stop when Loman does not stop. They argue over this when the Happy Toyz truck starts by itself while Joe is still filling it with fuel and it moves a short distance. Upon checking the inside to the truck's cab, Bill finds the cabin empty. Brett notices that there are no cars on the road at all, something unusual for 10:30 am in the morning. In town, Duncan's son, Deke, sees that many people have been killed at their homes by machines. He hears another garbled radio broadcast about machines all over the world coming to life and killing people. One of them is a blood-splattered runaway lawnmower, which chases him but he is able to easily outrun it on his bike. He then hides from a driver less ice cream truck, which doesn't detect him in the bushes. Deke waits until the truck is gone and rides for the Dixie Boy where his father works. On another back road, a ditsy redneck newlywed couple, Curt (John Short) and Connie (Yeardley Smith), are driving toward their honeymoon destination. They notice that there are many stalled and wrecked cars along the road. They pull into a local garage to find the mechanic dead, and a tow-truck starting up and trying to run them down. Curt manages to duck out of the way and the tow truck crashes into the garage. Curt and Connie then drive away. Back at the Dixie Boy, Duncan attempts to leave to look for his son despite protests from Bill and threats from Hendershot (implying that Duncan is also an ex-con and that Hendershot is exploiting his background for his own gain). But while walking to his truck, one of the sedate trucks starts up and runs over Duncan, killing him. The con-artist Bible salesman, Camp Loman, runs out to insult the "driver" only to realize that no one is driving the truck. The Happy Toyz truck starts up again and chases Loman a short distance and backs up into him, sending him flying and landing in a nearby ditch. Steve and Handy then drag Duncan's dead body back inside and Hendershot orders him to be placed in the basement with the dead body of the video game player. With the phones and CB radios out of order, the group inside the truck stop debates on what to do next when all of the 18-wheeler semi trucks at the truck stop start up and begin to drive in a circle around the truck stop building, trapping the people inside. Back on the deserted highway, Curtis and Connie spot a long convoy of driver less trucks traveling on the opposite end of the road when one of the trucks, an older model flatbed, notices them and begins to chase them. Curtis is able to maneuver away from the truck and cause it to crash off an embankment, destroying it. He sees the sign for the Dixie Boy and takes the exit. Upon arrival, Curtis and Connie see the truck stop under siege by the circling trucks and when Curtis attempts to drive through the circle to reach the safety of the inside, their car is hit and gets toppled over by one of the trucks. Bill and Brett run outside and rescue Curtis and Connie and as they run back, Hendershot walks out with a M-72 66mm LAW (light anti-tank) rocket launcher and blows up two of the trucks with anti-tank rockets, saving them. A little later, Bill asks Joe about the weapons Hendershot has in the basement. Bill and Brett venture to the cellar and discover a huge stash of weapons ranging from assault rifles to rocket launchers to grenades. Hendershot appears and threatens to send Bill back to prison for snooping around, but Bill arms himself and warns Hendershot not to interfere with him. Bill confides in Brett about his criminal past about robbing a grocery store and his predicament and that Hendershot does not seem to take anything seriously. At nightfall, the power in the truck stop goes out as the trucks continue circling the building. Brett notices a bright green light covering the sky and deducts that the passing comet is responsible. Bill suggests traveling to an island where there are no vehicles or machines and hide out until it is all over. A little later, when everyone hears the sounds of the injured Camp Loman screaming from the ditch where he landed earlier, Bill and Curt volunteer to go out to rescue him. Carrying weapons borrowed from Hendershot's arsenal as well as rope, they run to a nearby building past the trucks (many of which are starting to run out of fuel) and lower themselves into a nearby sewer drainpipe to lead to the ditch where Loman is. In the meantime, Deke has made it to the Dixie Boy and crawls through another drainpipe to the creek where Loman is, but the wounded and near-death Bible salesman, by this time has become insane and tries to kill Deke when he approaches him. Bill and Curt come by and grab Deke away as a dump truck spots them and attempts to run them down, forcing them leave behind Loman (whom is presumably dead by this point) and back into the drainpipe. They make it back to the showers building and run across the parking lot back to the Dixie Boy, with Bill blowing up another truck with his rocket launcher. Bill at first refuses to tell Deke where his father is until Hendershot blurts out that Duncan was killed earlier by one of the trucks. Deke is devastated, while everyone (Brett most of all) is angry at Hendershot for being so insensitive. Hendershot remains oblivious to his own actions. The next morning, most of the trucks have stalled, having run out of gas. However, two more trucks arrive, they are a large bulldozer and a small military vehicle with a M-60 machine gun mounted. When the bulldozer crashes into the building, Hendershot (despite the protests from Bill) fires a rocket at it, temporarily disabling it. As a result, the military vehicle opens fire on the Dixie Boy building. In the storm of bullets, Hendershot, Wanda June, and three of the truck drivers are fatally gunned down. Then the military vehicle begins beeping its horn in a Morse code message which Deke translates as "Someone must pump fuel. Someone will not be harmed. All fuel must be pumped." When the power for the building comes on again, Bill decides to turn on the pumps, despite Brett's protests not to trust the trucks. Bill points out that they have to with the military vehicle's presence. Over most of the day, in 100F degree heat, Bill, Brett, Deke, Curtis, and a few others take turns venturing outside and refueling all the trucks, plus hundreds more trucks that arrive at the Dixie Boy to refuel. When the fuel runs out, a driver less tanker truck appears and beckons Bill to refill the truck stop's fuel tanks to continue the refueling. Exhausted by the hard work and the heat, Bill retires to rest where Brett comforts him. Bill points out a possible explanation for these events as being a race of aliens using the comet to wipe out humanity and having the machines making them work as their slaves. Handy tells Bill about working on an escape where they will get out through the basement and to a drainage pipe to the outside. Sometime later, Bill walks outside where he talks to another truck driver filling up the trucks where he drops a grenade into the small military vehicle, destroying it. With that, all of the refueled trucks begin circling the Dixie Boy once again. At nightfall, Bill, Brett, Deke, Curtis, Connie and the rest of the survivors escape through the drainage pipe, armed with various weapons from the late Hendershot's arsenal and decide to make a run for the open ocean and to the island where there are no trucks. When the trucks see that the people inside the Dixie Boy are gone, they all smash into the building, destroying it in a series of spectacular explosions. Bill leads the survivors across the back roads and fields in the area to make it to the local marina to find a sailboat to take them to the island. They have narrow encounters with numerous machines including the driver less ice cream truck. Upon arrival at the marina, they all head out to a sailboat when one of the truck drivers, named Brad (Leon Rippy), attempts to steal a diamond ring from the corpse of a woman (Marla Maples) caught in her car passenger window when the leader of the living trucks, the Green Goblin of Happy Toyz, arrives and runs down Brad, killing him. Bill runs from the docks and quickly destroys the Happy Toyz truck with a rocket launcher. In the final shot, Bill, Brett and the rest of the dozen survivors sail away from the marina to find help and safety. A disclaimer in the final shot reveals that two days later a Russian "weather satellite" destroyed a large UFO orbiting Earth with nuclear tipped missiles, causing all machines to become sedate. Another two days later, Earth passed through the tail of the comet and everything seemingly returned to normal. It is also implied that the Dixie Boy survivors were the only survivors to the worldwide machine revolt.
tt0093300
Adventure,Horror,Thriller
In Amity, Long Island, Ellen Brody (Lorraine Gary) still lives with her son, Sean (Mitchell Anderson), who is a police deputy. Ellen's husband, Martin -- the former chief of police -- died several years ago of a heart attack; Ellen is convinced his heart condition was caused by fear of the great white sharks he battled in the 1970s. One night just before Christmas, while on patrol in the harbor, Sean is ambushed by a great white shark disguised as a piece of driftwood. Ellen is devastated at her youngest son's death. Her eldest son, Michael (Lance Guest) arrives with his family -- wife Carla (Karen Young) and daughter Thea (Judith Barsi) -- arrive from the Bahamas, where he studies conch migration as a marine biologist. Ellen orders him to change careers as she no longer wants any of her family to have anything to do with the ocean. Instead Michael persuades her to come with them back to the Bahamas for Christmas. He promises that the ocean water is too warm for great white sharks, a species that Ellen is convinced has a vendetta against the Brodys. On the plane to the Bahamas, Ellen meets Hoagie (Michael Caine), a relaxed pilot with a gambling problem. They begin a flirtation. Michael and his colleague, Jake (Mario van Peebles) attach radio transmitters to conch shells. Carla makes ugly iron sculptures for the local government. Meanwhile, the shark that killed Sean has followed the family from Amity to the Bahamas. Ellen senses its presence, and the shark attacks the boat Michael uses as his headquarters. Michael elects not to tell anyone of his encounter with the shark but he and Jake decide to track the shark with their equipment. They put a radio tag on the shark but are not able to follow it through the ocean depths. Assuming the shark has left the area, Michael goes back down to study conch shells again. The shark appears out of nowhere and attacks Michael's submersible craft. Michael escapes into a sunken ship but the shark follows him. He barely escapes but insists on going down to look for the shark the next day. It's nowhere to be seen, as it has instead decided to attack the dedication ceremony for Carla's sculpture. It eats a woman who had taken Thea out on a banana boat. Thea makes it back to shore safely but Ellen steals Jake's boat and heads out to sea to confront the shark herself. Michael, Jake and Hoagie go after Ellen in Hoagie's plane. Hoagie tells them about Ellen's psychic visions of the shark's arrival. They buzz Ellen's boat just in time to prevent the shark from leaping out of the water and killing her. Hoagie crash lands the plane and, although at first it looks like the shark eats Hoagie, all make it to the boat safely. Jake and Michael realize they can use the radio tag and a big flashlight to shock the shark if it swims too close. Jake goes out on the gunwale to torment the shark with his magical invention but the shark leaps out of the water with a roar and snatches Jake into its jaws, breaking the gunwale. Ellen takes control of the ship's wheel. Michael uses Jake's magical invention to force the shark to roar like a tiger and leap from the water. Ellen rams the shark, impaling it on the broken gunwale, as she fantasizes about the shark attacking her loved ones and Martin's valiant stand against the first killer shark (even though she was not present to see it). The boat breaks in two and sinks. Jake resurfaces alive and with surprisingly minor bite wounds -- the shark had released him when it realized he wasn't a Brody. Ellen flies back to Amity, her fear of sharks overcome.
tt0113305
Crime,Drama,Romance
At Columbus University, a fictious college in southern California, we first see Malik Williams (Omar Epps), a young black man, Kristen Connor (Kristy Swanson), a young white woman, and Remy (Michael Rapaport), another young white man, at the opening freshman pep rally and as they are decorating their rooms. Malik and Kristen meet in the elevator, with the nervous Kristen shielding her purse and Malik seeing this and shaking his head with resentment. There is a montage of each putting up pictures and posters in their rooms. Track star Malik goes to his first practice unprepared, and is chastised severely by the coach. Kristen meets her roommate, Monet (Regina King), a black girl, and attends a fraternity rush party, where she meets two outgoing freshmen Nicole and Claudi. Monet and Malik attend a party with other black students, hosted by Fudge (Ice Cube), an afrocentric and militant senior whom has been at the university for six years now. Remy, who is Fudge's roommate, is upset at the loud rap music being played late into the night. He calls security, who breaks up the party. Fudge is upset that they don't tell the room down the hall to stop their loud "hillbilly" music. Kristen, while walking home, meets Taryn (Jennifer Connelly), a junior lesbian student who warns Kristen about walking alone late at night and invites her to a student group. Malik's roommate, Wayne (Jason Wiles), is then introduced, with Malik angry about his filthy bed area and lack of hygine. The next day at the campus square, Fudge points out to Monet the self-segregation of the various ethnic groups on campus. We then see Malik's first class, with Professor Maurice Phipps (Laurence Fishburne), a conservative black man from the West Indies whom is teaching Political Science 101. In the class, Malik's and Kristen's names (among others) are called out for having financial problems, embarrassing them. They go to the financial aid office, where Kristen is told she needs a job since her parents are bankrupt, and Malik learns that his athletic scholarship is partial, not full. He talks to the coach, who agrees to help him out if he keeps his grades up and works extra hard on the field. Fudge returns to his room with his friend Dreads (Busta Rhymes), and plays his rap music loud, disrupting Remy's studying. When Remy complains, Fudge mocks and threatens him, causing Remy to move out. Later that night, Remy is beaten by Malik at a video game who further mocks him. Remy then rejects an offer of pool from Wayne and David Isaacs, Remy's new Jewish roommate. Meanwhile, Kristen is shown getting drunk and leaving with frat boy Billy (Jay Ferguson), retreating back to his frat room. Billy and Kristen prepare to have sex, but when Billy indicates that he does not have a condom, Kristen decides she doesn't want to have sex. Despite this, Billy ignores her refusal, and rapes her. She eventually fights him off, and flees. Monet returns to their room and finds Kristen crying in her bed. When Billy calls, Monet refuses give the phone to Kristen, and Billy suddenly reacts violently and insults her racially. Angered, she turns to Fudge, who recruits his friends to confront him at the frat party. Monet forces Kristen to tag along with them where she willingly points out Billy to the black students. Fudge and Dreads pull Billy outside, threatening him and forcing him to apologize to Monet. The security guards arrive and the black students leave. The next day, despite being ostracized by her friends, Kristen attends Taryn's student group on harmony between different groups. Meanwhile, Malik borrows a copy of the autobiography of Frederick Douglass. After telling Fudge he only needs it for a class, Fudge kicks him out, telling him to read it for himself and not for school. That evening, Remy is reading alone outside in the student quad when he is approached and asked out for a drink by Scott Moss (Cole Hauser), a white supremacist and neo-Nazi skinhead whom had been glimpsed in the background shadowing Remy for the past few days. Remy also meets Scott's skinhead friends: Erik (Talbert Morton), James (Trevor St. John), and the weight-lifting hulking Knocko (Andrew Bryniarski). A few days later, Professor Phipps challenges his class (including Kristen and Malik) to determine who they are for themselves and not let others categorize them. Kristen talks about her rape with Taryn, with Taryn encouraging her to report it and attempting to console her. Malik confronts Phipps about a paper he graded, arguing he should have a better grade. When Phipps shows him the various spelling and grammar errors, Malik calls him a sellout for the "white establishment". Phipps angrily responds that the world owes Malik nothing and he must work for his own good to make a difference in this world. Malik is then shown racing in a relay, losing ground to another runner. When his teammates confront him, he responds with Fudge's ideology. He walks away and flirts with fellow runner Deja (Tyra Banks). Remy is seen in Scott's dorm room with James, Erik, and Knocko. The room is decorated with Swastikas and Nazi paraphernalia. Scott expresses his racist beliefs, and the troubled Remy is slowly being convinced that "the white man is endangered" and he is encouraged to shave his head to join Scott's underground neo-Nazi group. In the campus library, Deja is shown helping Malik with his essay and his spelling errors. Nearby, Kristen is shown realizing her growing attraction to Taryn. Phipps then criticizes Kristen's bland paper, telling her that only writing the facts is fine for journalism, but not for a political science course. Phipps tells her that her purpose at college is to think for herself. Phipps then talks with Malik about his much improved paper. Remy is shown working in a class, surrounded by students of other races. He removes his hat, showing he has shaved his head and is wearing an Iron Cross necklace. Wayne asks Kristen for a flier for their group, confronting her when she says the anti-sexism group is for women, flirting with her as well. On Halloween night, Monet attends a costume party with Dreads while Malik also attends with Deja. Kristen attends a rape awareness rally with Taryn. Remy and the other neo-Nazis attack an interracial couple. After the rally, Kristen asks to spend the night with Taryn. Taryn rebuffs her, saying she wants Kristen to be sure about it. While stretching on the track, Malik continues spouting Fudge's ideology to Deja, saying he hates feeling like a thoroughbred. Deja rebuffs him, saying he has opportunities that people would do anything for and he should take them. The stretching and running is then intercut in a montage with a love scene, showing they have started dating. Kristen is also seen going on a date with Wayne. Scott shows Remy his gun collection and Remy talks about his abusive, survivalist father in his Idaho home town (which is the indirect result of Remy's troubled behavior and childhood). Kristen is shown walking holding hands with Taryn in public across the campus. They have a run-in with Monet and another friend of hers who see them. A montage love sequence is shown with Kristen where she sleeps with Wayne, but fantasizes about Taryn. (In a deleted scene, Kristen goes to Taryn's room and indeed has sex with her as well). One day, while Malik and Deja talk about Christopher Columbus and of the college, Remy approaches, condemning Malik's Black Panther shirt and calling him a racial slur. Malik, angered, goes to Remy's room and confronts him about being a racist and Nazi after finding him reading a copy of Adolph Hitler's book 'Mein Kampf' (My Struggle). Remy backs down from a fistfight, with Malik insulting him and leaving. Remy trashes the room, contemplating suicide. After David returns, he confronts Remy about the mess. Remy starts beating David and Malik intervenes. Remy pulls his Glock 9mm, threatening the two and leaving. Malik runs after him, only to be stopped by security guards asking for ID. Resisting, he is arrested, letting Remy escape. Malik then moves in with Fudge and the rest of his friends. A day or two later, Malik and Fudge are relaxing on the student quad when they have a run-in with Professor Phipps and the three of them have a discussion on race, knowledge, and "the system". Phipps tells Malik that he must play the game of life to win, because no one wants to hear excuses. It is here that Fudge used to attend Phipps class when he was a freshman years ago and Malik is somewhat surprised when Phipps addresses Fudge by his real name, which happens to be 'Christopher White'. At the same time, Kristen begins organizing a peace festival with Monet to calm down the students after Remy's actions. Meanwhile, Scott chastises Remy for dropping out of school, arguing that the white community needs more successful members and that he is betraying his race. After Knocko calls out a racial slur, Fudge, Malik, Dreads, and another black student start a gang fight with the white power skinheads, beating them. Later, Deja confronts Malik on his intentions of dropping out and fighting for no good reason. Malik is becoming more and more angry about racial issues. At the underground skinheads's dorm, Scott says that Remy's posturing means nothing, and only actions do. He then shows Remy a sniper rifle and challenges him to action. The alienated and warped Remy agrees to kill for the white race. We then see Malik and Deja walking at the Peace Fest, with Malik saying he wouldn't drop out of college because he'd lose her. Kristen stands on the podum of the rally where she addresses the students while she sees both Wayne and Taryn standing separate among the students, leaving Kristen feeling uneasy to both of them whom she is currently dating without the others knowledge. Remy has moved to the rooftop of a nearby building with the sniper rifle and prepares to open fire on the students. Erik stands lookout while the other racist skinheads attack a gay couple to distract security. Remy is obviously having trouble with doing this, but acquiesces when pushed by Scott who tells him to "do it for the Aryan Nation". He opens fire on the Peace Fest, causing a riot. An unnamed student is killed, and Deja is shot in the stomach. She collapses in Malik's arms. After Phipps tries to help, Malik goes crazy and attacks Remy, meeting him on the stairs of the building and beating him severely and nearly choking him to death before racist security guards, led by the racist Officer Bradley (Bradford English) intervenes and beats him. Bradley and his men confront Remy as he tries to leave. Remy pulls out a pistol, resulting in a stand-off. Remy apologizes to the police for everything that he did and shoots himself in the head, killing himself. After the security guards let Malik go, he returns outside and finds that Deja has died, and he collapses into Phipps' arms, crying and wailing. The racist skinheads are shown mourning Remy's death when they see a TV news report of the university shooting. Knocko, Erik, and James then begin celebrating his actions, chanting, "white power". Scott quietly sits back and for a brief moment seems to smile. (It is strongly implied that Scott and his skinheads intentionally approached, brainwashed, and set Remy up as the patsy for their own actions, taking advantage of the troubled youth to make him do their murderous deeds and they will get away with it since there is nothing to connect Remy to either Scott or his skinheads.) A few days later, Malik and Phipps discuss his future at the university, with Phipps saying he trusts Malik's judgment whatever it will be. Malik walks out of the office... making it unclear if he is going to drop out of the university or stay on. Afterwords, Malik and Kristen are seen meeting for the first time at a memorial to Deja. Kristen feels guilty about the deaths because she started the festival. Malik assuages her guilt. And shortly after, they part. Malik then begins to run at fast as he can through the campus... running for himself and not for the school. In the final scene, a graduation ceremony is held where Fudge is seen finally graduating with the other students having long ago acquired all of the credits he needs, but he refuses to wear a cap or smile for his graduation photo. As Professor Phipps leaves his office, the final shot shows the USA flag fluttering in the wind as the caption "unlearn" appears over it as the image fades to black.
tt0100258
Horror
Johnny (Bill Moseley) and Barbara (Patricia Tallman) are visiting their mother's grave in a cemetery out in the middle of nowhere. During their visit, Barbara sees a man sobbing and mummering "I'm sorry," when out of nowhere, Barbara is attacked by a zombie. Her brother comes to defend her, but is killed. Barbara retreats to Johnny's Mercedes where said zombie and a freshly reanimated corpse try to attack her. Barbara runs for help and finds a seemingly abandoned farmhouse. Then, Ben (Tony Todd) shows up to the house with a crow bar, saying there are these creatures everywhere. The two proceed to clear the house of zombies and begin barricading the doors and windows. However, they discover that they aren't alone in the house. Married couple Harry and Helen Cooper (Tom Towles and McKee Anderson), their daughter Sarah (Heather Mazur) , and teenage couple Tom Landry and Judy Rose Larson (William Butler and Katie Finneran) are all survivors who had been hiding in the cellar. What follows are the attempts by the survivors to defend the house under siege from the undead. The group is left divided over what their next course of action should be. Harry believes everyone should retreat to the cellar and barricade the door to wait for the authorities. Ben thinks the cellar is a "death trap" and that they would be better served fortifying the house, which at least has alternate escape routes, and Barbara suggests that they should all leave the house on foot while they still can after she notices that the zombies are very slow and that they can just "walk right past them". An argument between Ben and Harry leaves the Coopers in the basement tending to their daughter, who was bitten by a zombie and is near death, and the remaining members of the group upstairs to continue their work reinforcing the doors and windows. However, the loud sound of hammers hitting the nails into the wood attracts more and more zombies to the house. A plan is ultimately devised to escape using Ben's truck, which is out of fuel. Ben, who lived on the farm prior to the epidemic, states that there is a gas pump on the property but it is locked. A search of a corpse on the property produces a set of keys. Judy Rose, Tom, and Ben proceed up the hill toward the gas pump but their plan begins to unravel when Ben falls from the back of the truck and is left to defend himself against the undead. After discovering the key to the gas pump is not among the bunch they brought with them, Tom attempts to shoot the lock off. The falling gasoline is ignited, trailing after them in the truck. The resulting explosion kills both Tom and Judy. Ben returns to the house to find things beginning to dissolve into chaos. Harry has wrestled Barbara's gun away from her and is now armed. Unbeknownst to the survivors upstairs, the Coopers' daughter Sarah has died from the bite on her arm and has become a zombie; she attacks and bites her distraught mother, who does not defend herself. When Sarah makes her way upstairs, she triggers a shootout between her father, who is trying to protect her, and Ben and Barbara, who are trying to protect themselves. Both Ben and Harry are badly wounded. Harry retreats upstairs to the attic, while Ben makes his way to the cellar. Barbara leaves the house, now being overrun by the undead, in an attempt to find help. As Ben retreats to the cellar, Helen Cooper has reanimated and Ben is forced to shoot her. He then starts to lose his sanity, and loses it completely after finding the gas pump keys, which were in the cellar the entire time. Barbara eventually joins a group of zombie hunting locals who are attempting to clear the area of the undead. Back at their base the following morning, the hunters are having cock fights with the zombies as well as hanging the undead on nooses and messing with them (similar to how the hunters used zombies as passtime target practice in the original Dawn of the Dead). She returns with them to the farmhouse the next day to find Ben has died of his wounds and reanimated. He seems to recognize Barbara, but is shot as quickly as he emerges from the cellar. Harry emerges from the attic alive, but Barbara kills him for his actions the other night. She then turns to leave the house, telling the vigilantes they have "another one for the fire." The film ends as Barbara watches a stack of corpses being set on fire.
tt0100419
Comedy,Family
7-year old Junior is not accepted by any parents because of his bad behavior. When the latest stunt involving destroying his trailer park home with a bulldozer, he is sent to the local orphanage where he continues his terror on the other kids and even the nuns. He also idolizes a notorious serial killer Martin Beck after seeing him on the local news being sent to prison for his latest stunt. At the same time, a childless couple, Ben and his wife Flo Healy, a desperate social climber, are frustrated that they cannot have a kid because of Flo's uterus and she refuses to even think about adoption. Ben has problems of his own because he has worked for his blowhard father, Big Ben Healy, a sporting goods store conglomerate, as well as future mayor of the town of Cold River, for 10 years and stubbornly refused any raises or promotions. One day, he announces to Ben that he sold the store to a Japanese corporation and decides not to give Ben the empty property the store was built on. Meanwhile, at the orphanage, Junior's behavior comes to a boiling point between the nuns and smarmy adoption agent Igor Peabody. They threaten to leave the orphanage altogether, unless Junior is released, much to his delight. Flo eventually warms up to the idea and she and Ben decide to adopt him. When they invite Big Ben to the house to meet Junior, they see that he set his new bedroom on fire and when Big Ben badmouths him as they leave. Junior throws Fuzzball, the family cat on Big Ben and he falls down the stairs. He is sent to the hospital in an ambulance while Fuzzball suffers a couple broken legs. In prison, Beck is in a therapist's office undergoing a examination. Also present is the warden, who is subsequently ushered out of the room by the doctor after interrupting one too many times, but shortly after, while looking at an inkblot, Beck snaps and strangles the doctor. He escapes from prison by stealing his clothes, car, and even posing as him to a guard as he drives away. One night, Junior is caught by Ben rummaging through the drawers in the living room. They both admit that they're scared being a family, at first, but they are determined to make it work. The next day, they go for a weekend camping trip with another neighborhood family, the Whites, led by Roy, Ben's so-called friend as they both coach rival little-league teams. That night, Junior plays a prank on the kids by luring a bear into their camping site and soon they mistake Roy, also dressed up as a bear, for the real thing. Ben smashes a frying pan on Roy's head, not realizing it is him. When the Healys are invited to a birthday party, later, Junior gets revenge on the spoiled birthday girl for not inviting him to the magic show by throwing all the presents in the pool, replacing candy with canned pickles and peppers in the pinata and using firecrackers on the cake instead of candles. At this point, Ben realizes he will have to start laying down the law with Junior by taking away his allowance, but it seems Junior has not learned his lesson when he turns the annual Founder's day baseball game into a baseball bat melee. A fed-up Ben and Flo decide to take him back to the orphanage, but when they find out how many times he has been returned by other parents, Ben decides they should keep him, much to Flo's dismay, but Junior gets the impression they do not want him and drives their car into Big Ben's store, destroying thousands of dollars of merchandise. He later receives a phone call from the bank stating that his father had to clean out his entire bank account to pay off the damages. A crazed Ben attempts to smother a napping Junior with a pillow until Beck shows up, claiming he is Junior's uncle. Flo thinks they should play along into thinking Junior is a good kid, but the next day Ben discovers that Beck has kidnapped her and Junior and is given until this afternoon to pay the $100,000 ransom. He speeds over to his father's store, who is in the process of making a live television appearance for the election. Big Ben refuses to pay his son the money, stating that both Flo and Junior's kidnapping was the best thing that happened to him as his father hates them both. In retaliation, Ben turns on the video camera as Ben rambles on about how he does not care about the voters or publicity and then moons the camera. With the 100 grand in a duffel bag, Ben races to a local circus where Beck is waiting. A wild chase ensues after Beck decides to both keep the money and Junior and eventually a car chase that ends when Beck's car overturns and Flo, who is stuffed into a suitcase, is catapulted into the air and lands in a farm truck with pigs. When the police arrive, a scuffle occurs between Beck and the arresting officers and he shoots Ben with one of the cops' guns. Thinking Ben has perished, Junior promises him he will be good from now on, Ben eventually wakes up and discovers the bullet when through a hardened prune that his grandfather gave him. The two happily walk away as Beck is hauled away by the cops. Meanwhile, Flo opens the suitcase into the view of a pig's buttocks and flatulates into her face.
tt0099817
Action,Crime,Horror
An executive entrepreneur is driving his 70,000 brand new car. He puts on a CD of classical music, but it starts blurring away and connecting to the radio. The CD is pushed out of the machine and it distracts this gentleman, who almost has a car accident. He has to steer wildly away from an incoming truck and his car gets stuck in a field nearby. At that moment, a UFO or something like that hits and completely wrecks his car, although this man can jump out of harm. An alien - which looks like a human blind person - floats out of the crater and tells him "I come in peace." Title credits. {The original title was Dark Angel, not I Come in Peace} A burglar (Kevin Page) enters a building. It looks like a police station. Sergeant Hawkins (Luis Lemus) is called to Evidence Room 38. The burglar throws a knife, killing him. Under his dark clothes, the burglar is dressed as a police officer. He takes some drugs and leaves. Another criminal in officer clothes ((Robert Prentiss)) is already waiting for him. Hawkins signs for the drugs he is taking away and leaves the bag even before getting out of the building. A car driver (Steve Chizmadia) is already waiting for them. The burglar tells the driver to drive away quickly. The building explodes and the burglar says that he did that to avoid witnesses. The other two men laugh it off. Det. Jack Caine (Dolph Lundgren) is having some coffee. Jeff Davis is making a narcotics deal of some kind. Caine notices the three burglars, now dressed as businessmen, entering the building. Davis and the three men are making a deal and Caine is listening to their conversation by a hidden mike. However, at that moment, some small-time crooks are hitting on a liquor store. The owner (Jack Wilils) is attacked. The thugs are violent, and punch in the face one of the customers (Jack Verbois) for no reason while a female customer screams her lungs off (Stacey Cortez). Jack has to go to tend to the situation. At that moment, the situation with Jeff Davis and the crooks change completely. Davis is actually Det. Ray Turner (Alex Morris), and his cover is up. Jack kills one of the liquor thugs while Ray is murdered. All the Whiteboys (Sebastian White, Dean Kinkel, David Poynter, Folkert Schmidt, Randall Oliver and Gary Baxley), as the high-time criminals are called by their boss, are leaving the place, when the evil alien, called Talec (Matthias Hues) arrives and says "I come in peace" and starts killing them by throwing some sharp discs and cutting their necks. It's then that Jack enters the deal place and finds Ray dead. Jack is left traumatized for a second. Captain Malone (Jim Haynie) screams to him because he disappeared for 8 days. He is blaming Jack for the lost heroin. A patrolwoman (Suzanne Savoy) announces some important people in. Malone orders Jack to take a holiday or quit. Inspector Switzer (David Ackroyd) of the FBI wants to question Jack. Jack is given a new partner, Special Agent Arwood 'Larry' Smith (Brian Benben), and has to report to Switzer. Malone's secretary (Arienne Battiste) announces Diane Pallone (Betsy Brantley), who can't explain the weird deaths. Larry notices that Diane and Jack used to have a relationship. In a derelict building, a homeless woman notices a thud. Suddenly, everything explodes around her. There is a tunnel through all the walls. Another alien emerges. Larry is taking measures about the position of the bodies. Jack believes in instinct; he realises that the case is gong to be about something completely new. Larry says that he's always ready for everything. A car bark outside Capital Bail Bonds. The owner (Nick Hagler) is annoyed at the barking of Dexter the dog; however, he soon notices somebody approaching and takes his shotgun. The wall is suddenly rubble. Talec appears and thrusts a wire into his chest, and then he kills him. Caine and Smith go to a nude bar, as Caine says that he can think better there. Boner (Michael J. Pollard) was playing snooker. Jack threatens to shoot him in his dick, fearless in spite of being also threatened by a pool hustler (Willie Minor). Boner says that it was the Whiteboys. Smith supports Jack, although he doesn't seem to agree with Jack's methods. They go back to the place of the murders, and hidden behind a loudspeaker, they find the still moving disc; in fact it flies away and wrecks some more until it finds itself stuck again into the same loudspeaker. Talec goes to a warehouse. He interrupts a security guard (Brian Fitkin) and does to him the same he did to the bail office owner. At that moment, Azeck (Jay Bilas) appears and shoots Talec without saying anything; Talec has torun away. Azeck creates havoc in the parking, wrecking cars and burning everything. Talec jumps from a second floor; several witnesses see Azeck and will believe he is the bad guy. Jack invites Smith for a drink at his apartment, while he stares at the photograph of himself enjoying his time with his old girlfriend. Jack visits Diane, who at first slams the door on his face. Jack apologises to her, but she hits him in his face anyway. He kisses her but she asks for some kind of commitment from him. Diane is annoyed with herself for falling into his trap. Jack arrives at this apartment and the door is open - it has been registered. There are soft noises... but it's only Smith. Jack Caine seems to suspect that it's odd that Smith its inside, but maybe it was only chance that he appeared to tell him of other two murders when he saw the door open. At a garage, a mechanic (Mimi Cochran) is working on a car with rock music blasting on. Talec appears to feed on her and then kills her. The alien is feeding on humans. Bruce the scientist (Mark Lowenthal) is nuts and eccentric. He hides his pills and tells about the disc. It is a self-contained magnet, but Bruce has managed to contain it. Jack Caine tells him to hide it. Diane does the autopsy to one of the male victims to Talec, who had used heroin to kill them. Victor Manning (Sherman Howard) sends Caine a photo of himself with bikini girls in Rio, and tells him that he had sent him Warren (Sam Anderson), the head of the Whiteboys. Two of them shoot Caine and Smith in the latter's car. Jack drives even though it's Smith's car. Smith wants to get a warrant on Warren, but Jack doesn't care about that. The Whiteboys get out of a building when their sports car have alarms ringing on. Warren was on a meeting. Warren blames Jack for killing the Whiteboys. Smith has been trapped, so Caine lets him go. Warren wants Jack to go to the drug deal for him, or he'll kill Smith. A clerk (Albert Leong) takes a suitcase and gives an empty one to Jack. The clerk leaves out running with the drugs. When Jack goes after him, he is already dead and Talec attacks him, but lets him go. Smith attacks the two Whiteboys that were keeping him and runs away. Azeck burns everything and leaves. Smith hangs up a stupid blonde (Kristin Baxley)'s call. Diane takes care of Jack's neck wound. She explains that heroin produces well-being because of the endorphins segregated by the human body when inhaled and it produces something similar to ecstasy. Jack thinks that they are dealing with aliens; Smith thinks he's going crazy. Bruce has been beaten to a pulp because he tried to defend the disc. Jack doesn't trust Smith because Bruce says the criminal looked like him. At a supermarket, the alien attacks a weird customer (Wayne Dehart) and the cashier (Brandon Smith) and wants to feed on the security guard (Kevin Howard), but Azeck attacks him first. The two aliens fight each other. Caine and Smith try to tell the Captain that aliens are to blame, but he thinks that they are nuts. Jack, Larry and Diane are not allowed to see the crime scene. Smith goes to talk to his boss, while the good alien is hiding while being badly-hurt. Jack is also told off by his boss, and hes forced to go on a holiday. Jack proposes Diane to go with him on a holiday; she is overjoyed about that and will happily go with her. Diane will never forgive him if he lets her down. Smith agrees with all the decisions taken. The badly-hurt good alien is hiding in Jack's car, and he says "It must be stopped". Smith sees the alien and Jack calms him down, saying that he's in their side. They drive away. The bad angel gives 1,000 overdose of heroin to humans so that the body releases endorphins and he can take them out of the body; that is highly illegal and expensive in the aliens' world. The good alien dies, becomes a kind of light bomb, so now they don't have proof. Smith has taken the alien's weapon - and that will be their proof. Jack wants to have the weapon, but Smith wants to take it to Switzer: he has to pull out his gun to prevent Jack from taking it away. Smith leaves and gives Switzer the gun. First he got the disc and then the gun, Switzer says. This is a case of national interest, but now Smith needs to get rid of their only witness, Jack Caine, and then the military benefits of using the weapons will be enormous. Switzer says that you can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs, which startles Smith, as Jack had said that Switzer would say something like that. As Smith is having second thoughts, Switzer tries to kill him, but Caine shoots Switzer first. Smith is told "Never trust nobody. Caine manual. Page one Chapter one by cool-as-a-cucumber Caine. It's now when Smith realises that following the procedures is not always the best option. Smith finds the empty heroin bags. The bad alien is strong and doesn't even realise that Jack is hitting him, but Smith doesn't know how to use the alien gun. The weapon looks stuck until Smith learns how to use it; however, Talec looks almost immune to it. Jack finds the bag of endorphins - and Talec realises he's missed them too late. Talec is pissed-off but well of health. Jack Caine takes care of Smiths' wound and gives him a cooler jacket. Caine and Smith almost shoot Diane, who wants to go with Jack on a holiday. They push her out of the way. The Whiteboys demand their money and shoot Jack, Diane and Smith, but luckily Smith has learned how to use the alien gun. Diane demands an explanation, especially when they had to hide from a police officer (Jackson Burns). One of the Whiteboys shoot him - Talec appears shooting everybody on sight. There is a car persecution scene. The alien kills a patrolman (Tom Campitelli) and Smith shoots him, but Talen is OK again and runs after them. They try to trick the alien, but the alien gun is empty, and normal bullets won't harm him, even at close range. Jack creates a series of explosions in the factory, but the alien is still alright. Jack shoes Talen the vials with the endorphins, and breaks two, which infuriates him. Both throw away their guns. Talec approaches but Jack backs up and runs away. The alien throws a disc after Jack, but it gets stuck at a metal lid. Jack and Talec fight. Talec throws the wire towards Jack, but he holds it with his two hands. There is a tug of war until they are very close and then Jack stings the thing onto Talec. He kicks him onto a broken tube, de facto impaling him. The alien is hurt and repeats I come in piece, to which Jack replices "And you go in pieces asshole". Diane, Jack and Arwood "Larry" Smith leave, shaken but more or less in one piece. Diane inquiries where she and Jack will go for the holiday as she has quit her job. Jack wants to go to Rio but Smith says "No, no, no". End credits roll. ---written by KrystelClaire
tt0104040
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Calgary, Alberta, Canada, 1988 During the Winter Olympic Games, at 1:00 p.m., Doug Dorsey (D.B. Sweeney) awakes in a panic, late for hockey practice with the U.S. Olympic hockey. As he rushes to dress, he addresses the girl in his bed by her wrong name. Meanwhile, Kate Moseley (Moria Kelley) practices her figure skating routines. Rick Tuttle (Barry Flatman), Kate's coach, criticizes her performance, and Kate complains that her skating partner is inadequate. As Doug races through the team entrance to the ice rink, Kate's father, Jack Moseley (Terry O'Quinn), urges his daughter to apologize to Rick, but Kate ignores his plea. As she rounds a corner in the hallway, Doug runs into her, knocking her down. After a snippy exchange with the haughty figure skater, he continues on, leaving Kate on the floor. That night, Doug scores a goal against the German team, but is deliberately knocked senseless by an opposing player. Meanwhile at her performance, Kate's partner drops her on the ice and looses any chance at a medal. As a result of his accident, Doug loses 18 degrees of peripheral vision in his right eye, and learns from his doctor that he cannot expect to become a professional hockey player. Two years later, 1990. Doug is back in his hometown in Minnesota, working at a factory. After work, he goes to his older brother Walter's (Chris Benson) bar, Dorsey's Penalty Box, to grab a sandwich. Walter is short-handed and asks Doug to help out, but Doug is on his way to an amateur hockey game. Walter follows and tells him that a letter from the Detroit Red Wings has arrived. Even without opening it, the implication is clear: the last professional team that has not already rejected Doug has turned him down. At skating practice, Kate has trouble with her latest partner, her eighth in two years. Her new skating coach, Anton Pamchenko (Roy Dotrice), seeks out Doug Dorsey as a potential partner for Kate. Although disappointed that Anton is not a hockey coach, Doug agrees to a tryout. After a disheartening practice session with the antagonistic Kate, Doug is approached by Jack Moseley, who tells him that Anton Pamchenko is a world-class judge of skating talent and that Doug should be honored to have been selected to try out with Kate, but Jack and his daughter see no future in her skating with a hockey player. Jack hands Doug a check to cover his time, and a return plane ticket home. As Jack ticks off the resumes of 35 potential skaters who have failed to meet Kate's standards, he tosses the bunched up documents at a coal scuttle near his fireplace, and misses every shot. Doug tosses his own resume into the scuttle without looking, and Jack declares it to be a lucky shot. In turn, Doug balls up Jack's check, and bets double or nothing that he'll make the shot. Doug stays and continues practicing with Kate, who humiliates him during their skating rehearsals. However, when he challenges her to play hockey, Kate discovers that the game is more demanding than she thought. In frustration, she swings at the puck as if it were a golf ball, and hits Doug in the nose. When she feels guilty about bringing Doug down, Anton suggests that she has found her new skating partner. After grueling weeks of rehearsals, Doug presents Kate with a Christmas gift of a game sweater worn by famed professional hockey player Bobby Orr, a souvenir he has owned for 15 years. She seems not to know who Bobby Orr is, and Doug attempts to take back his gift, but she insists on keeping it and gives him a copy of the Charles Dickens novel Great Expectations, in return. At her family's New Year's Eve party, Kate introduces Doug to her fiance, Hale Forrester (Dwier Brown), who is visiting from London, England, where he works in finance for Kate's father. When Hale notes that he does not like to see Kate upset, Doug suggests he get a blindfold. Although Kate sticks by Hale's side during the party, she becomes jealous when she see Doug interacting with other women. At midnight upon turning 1991, the party attendees exchange kisses, but when Doug and Kate come together, they give each other an awkward peck on the cheek. Later, as Doug packs to leave the Moseley home for the weekend, Kate comes to his room to give him a videotape of their rehearsals to show his family, and informs him that her father has set aside a hotel suite in Chicago, Illinois, for Doug's family when they attend the final skating competition. From Doug's reaction, it is clear to Kate that he has not told his family about the contest, but he assures her they will be there. At Dorsey's Penalty Box, Walter believes his little brother has been away with the Merchant Marines, but Doug finally admits to the crowd that he has been figure skating. He later explains to his brother that figure skating is tougher than playing hockey, and he will be doing something new and revolutionary. When he returns to rehearsals, Doug rebels against the frilly costumes being designed for the team, and insists on using modern, popular music, instead of a classical piece by Mozart. At a dinner just before the finals, Hale announces his engagement to Kate, and Doug is secretly devastated. As Kate skates solo on her ice rink, she is visited by her old coach, Rick Tuttle, who suggests that Kate should have come to him if she wanted to get back into competition skating, and that she would be better off retiring than appearing in the Nationals with a hockey player. Doug overhears as Kate defends his skating to Tuttle. Later, he asks Kate to remove her engagement ring while they are on the ice, because it is cutting into his hand. Several months later at the U. S. Figure Skating Association finals in Chicago, Kate becomes jealous when Doug has a dalliance with Lorie Peckarovski (Rachelle Ottley), the new skating partner of Kate's former partner, Brian Noonan (Kevin Peeks). Hale realizes that Kate really loves Doug, and leaves town before the competition. At the compulsories, Doug and Kate come in third. The following night, at the long form competition, although their routine is well received by the crowd, Doug and Kate at first fail to qualify for the U.S. Olympic team for the 1992 Winter Olympics, but the team ahead of them in the competition flubs their routine, giving Doug and Kate a default victory. After a night of celebration, Kate lets Doug know that her engagement to Hale is off. She is offended when Doug does not want to take advantage of her while drunk, and kicks him out of her room. Later, Doug drinks alone in his room. Lorie knocks on his door and suggests they "trade secrets." The next morning, Kate comes to Doug's room, and is upset when Lorie opens the door. In the face of a presumed unbeatable Russian team, Anton proposes a dramatic routine that will transcend anything done in competition before. With five weeks to go, Kate is reluctant, but Doug accepts the challenge. Several months later in February 1992 at the Winter Olympics in Albertville, France, Doug and Kate perform well in the short-form compulsories, but without passion due to their personal conflicts. Afterward a reporter asks about their coming long-form routine, and while Doug brags about their altered routine, Kate insists the new moves are not ready and will not be attempted. At dinner, Doug and Jack Moseley argue over Kate's unwillingness to do the new routine. Kate intervenes, and takes responsibility for their failure. She had always hoped her father would love her, win or lose, but now she is sorry to have let both Doug and her father down. In the morning, Kate prepares to leave after their routine and retire for good. Before they go on that afternoon, Anton urges Doug and Kate to go out on the ice and enjoy each other. Just as they are about to go out on the ice, Doug confesses his love for Kate. She agrees to do Anton's routine, and they go on to win the Olympic Gold Medal.
tt0094332
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Alexandra Medford, Jane Spofford and Sukie Ridgemont are three dissatisfied women living in the small town of Eastwick, New England. Alexandra is a sculptress and single mother, Jane is a newly divorced music teacher incapable of having children, and Sukie is an extremely fertile woman with six children and also works as a journalist at the "Eastwick Word". Besides an everlasting friendship, these three women share similar misfortunes of being abandoned by their husbands. Not knowing of themselves as being Witches, the women unwittingly form a coven of which consists of weekly get-togethers, during which they drink, play cards, and share their fantasies about ideal men. The day after one such meeting, a mysterious man arrives in the town and immediately stirs up trouble by buying the city's landmark property, the Lennox mansion. The arrival of this enigmatic stranger causes fascination among the townfolks, all except local townswoman Felicia Alden, the Christian wife of newspaper editor Clyde Alden. Clyde is the boss of Sukie (who Felicia does not like). Although Felicia is not a Witch, she is somehow able to sense that this man, whose name is easily forgotten by everyone, is up to no good. One night, at Jane's music recital, the man appears and makes a spectacle of himself, which leads to more gossip among the people. After the recital Jane receives flowers and a personal note from the man, signed with the initial "D". This then sparks Sukie's memory, finally revealing the man's name to be Daryl Van Horne. At the very moment of Sukie remembering his name, her beaded necklace inexplicably breaks and falls to the floor, causing Felicia, who had mocked Daryl's name, to trip down a large staircase, breaking her leg. Daryl begins to seduce the women one by one, beginning with self-assured Alexandra, who is at first appalled by his arrogance and bravado, but then allows him into her heart. He moves on to Jane, who is seen as being very shy and reserved. Jane explains to Daryl that the home he lives in was once said to be an area where people were burned alive after being accused of witchcraft. Daryl then encourages Jane to stop living a life of doubt and learn to enjoy herself. She takes his advice and begins to act and live recklessly. The next day Daryl invites all three women over to the mansion, which allows him to finally turn his attentions on Sukie. A jealous rivalry emerges between the women, leading to a supernatural game of tennis, where the tennis ball begins to behave oddly--floating, stopping in mid-air--in response to their mood. This shared telekinesis reveals to the women their magical abilities. The women decide to forgo competition and share Daryl, and have the most fun they've ever had in their entire lives. Their frequent presence at Daryl's mansion leads to gossip and rumors spread by Felicia. Alex, Sukie, and Jane become outcasts of the city; the women of Eastwick acknowledge the trio with nasty looks and snotty comments. The Witches begin to have second thoughts on whether or not they should continue to see each other, which then motivates Daryl into causing the girls to unknowingly cast a spell on Felicia, causing her to projectile vomit cherry stones. Felicia is finally killed by husband, who beats her with a fire poker after being horrified when seeing his wife so incredibly ill. Terrified of the dangerous effects of their relationship with Daryl, they agree among each other to never see Daryl or each other for a long period of time. This upsets Daryl, causing him to use his powers against the girls, bringing their worst fears to life. Alex awakens into a bed of snakes, Jane begins to lose her youth transforming into a old woman, and Sukie is forced to feel intense pain. The women reconcile with Daryl in order to get in his good graces again. Realizing that the only way to rid Daryl from their lives is by using Witchcraft against him, the girls trick Daryl into going to town for a while as they practice a banishing spell to make him go away forever. Sukie goes to Daryl's office and takes a spell book he kept locked in a glass chest. Jane gathered some of Daryl's personal belongings such as hair, clothing, and pictures of him. Alex created a Voodoo doll out of wax that resembled Daryl. Meanwhile, as Daryl was in town shopping for the girls, he began to feel painful sharp aches in his body from the girls sticking pins and needles into the doll. Daryl becomes infuriated with the girls betrayal, and as he made his way home, Daryl's devilish figure was beginning to reveal itself more and more. Now terrified of what Daryl is capable of doing to them, the girls throw the Voodoo into the flames of a fire then causing Daryl to disappear. Eighteen months later, Alex, Jane, and Sukie are now the mothers of Daryl's sons. They still have their Magic powers and they now live together in Daryl's mansion. Daryl appears on television screen and talks to the boys, but the women catch him and turn the TV off.
tt0106673
Comedy,Romance
Dave Kovic (Kevin Kline) runs a temporary employment agency in Georgetown, Washington, D.C.. As a sideline, he makes appearances impersonating President William Harrison "Bill" Mitchell, whom he has an uncanny resemblance to (and who is also played by Kline). One Mitchell's devious Chief of Staff, Bob Alexander (Frank Langella), hires Dave to make an exit at an appearance of President Mitchell, to cover up Mitchell's extramarital affair with White House staffer Randi (Laura Linney). When the real President Mitchell suffers a stroke while having sex with Randi, he is left in a coma. Alexander sees an opportunity, and along with Communications Director Alan Reed (Kevin Dunn), he arranges for the President's comatose state to be kept secret. They then con Dave into impersonating the president on an ongoing basis by telling him that the country would suffer if the truth was revealed or if Vice President Gary Nance (Ben Kingsley), who they claim is mentally ill, took office. Apart from them, only his Secret Service bodyguard, Duane Stevenson (Ving Rhames) and the medical staff tending to the real President Mitchell in the White House basement (and who are being paid hush money by Reed), know the truth. Neither Mitchell's mistress Randi nor First Lady Ellen Mitchell (Sigourney Weaver) is informed of the switch. Alexander's true agenda is to exercise the power of the presidency through Dave as a proxy in the short-term, while in the long term framing Nance for illegal activities, allowing Alexander to succeed Nance as Vice President, and ultimately become President himself. However, Dave gradually sets his own course of action, which revives Mitchell's popularity with the public and mystifies both the Washington media (several well-known personalities make cameo appearances as themselves) and the First Lady, whose public support of her husband has been a cover for bitter marital strife in their private life. Michell calls on his friend Murray, an accountant from Baltimore, to rework the national budget in order to find $650 million. He uses the money to save a favorite program of the First Lady, a homeless project. The First Lady tricks him into exposing his ruse. Caught, he convinces Stevenson to take her to see the real President Mitchell, who is not expected to live. The First Lady has a minor breakdown and decides to leave the White House. Dave realizes he has a chance to actually help the nation and convinces her to remain and keep up the ruse for a while longer. Despite Ellen's cynicism, she is soon charmed by Dave's sincerity. When Alexander realizes that Dave is no longer his puppet, he threatens to expose him, but Dave stands up to him and points out that Alexander has more to lose from revealing the fraud. Dave then holds a news conference announcing that he is firing Alexander, and proposing a comprehensive full-employment program to Congress. Dave meets Vice President Nance, who had been sent off on a goodwill tour of Africa. Nancu chastises "Mitchell" for framing him in a financial scandal. Dave realizes that the affable Nance isn't mentally ill as Alexander had insisted, but that Alexander has been using him. Alexander tries to destroy Dave by implicating him in the same financial scandal - only this time, as Communications Director Reed tells Dave, the real President Mitchell is actually guilty. At the same time, Alexander pushes his own candidacy for the presidency. During the uproar over the scandal, Dave refuses to stop pushing his employment bill. He also bonds with Nance one night when Nance discusses his rise from being an unhappy shoe salesman to being the Vice President. Dave and Ellen agree that Nance is a genuinely public-minded man, and would make a fine president. In a joint session of Congress, Dave, as Mitchell, admits to his role in the scandal, but introduces evidence (provided by Reed) proving that Alexander was the mastermind and that Nance was innocent. In the middle of making a formal apology to the nation, Dave fakes a stroke and is switched with the still-comatose Mitchell. Mitchell is then declared incapacitated under the 25th Amendment, and eventually dies. The groundswell of affection generated by Dave's brief time in office is transferred to the real Mitchell, as the public and the media mourn his death. The ruse apparently remains undiscovered; although Bob Alexander is later arrested and indicted, there is no indication that he reveals the secret, since doing so would compound his liability. Nance becomes President and promises to carry out "Mitchell's" employment program. Five months later, Dave is running his own campaign for city council. Former First Lady Ellen Mitchell, now a widow, comes into the office "seeking a job," and they kiss. When he closes the shades in the window of his office door, Stevenson steps in front, wearing a campaign badge for Dave.
tt0113862
Drama,Music
Glenn Holland, not a morning person by anyone's standards, is woken up by his wife Iris early one bright September morning in 1964. Glenn has taken a job as a music teacher at the newly renamed John F. Kennedy High School. He intends his job to be a sabbatical from being a touring musician, during which he hopes to have more "free time" to compose. However, he soon finds that his job as a teacher is more time-consuming than he first thought. As he arrives at the school for the first time, he meets Vice Principal Wolters, who comments on his Corvair, the model of car the Ralph Nader wrote a book about. Inside the building, he meets Principal Helen Jacobs. Having got off to an awkward start with both of them, he goes to the music room and meets his students for the first time. The students are dull, apathetic, and mostly terrible musicians. At lunchtime, he meets the football coach, Bill Meister, and strikes up a friendship with him. At the end of his stressful first day, Glenn and Iris talk about their future. If everything goes according to plan, between his paychecks and what she made with her photography, he should be able to quit in four years and go back to his music, including composing. Glenn notices one dedicated but inept clarinet player, Gertrude Lang, and starts working with her individually. He continues to teach the class about music and continues working on his music at home as time passes. Grading papers gradually replaces working on his own music during his home time, much to his chagrin. After several months, Glenn grows exasperated when it seems that none of his students have learned anything from his classes. Gertrude, despite diligent practice, does not improve her clarinet-playing. Glenn's exasperation is further compounded when the Principal Jacobs chastises him for not focusing properly on his students. She has noticed that he is even happier to leave at the end of each day than most of the students. Later, Glenn expounds his frustration to Iris, who then informs him that she's pregnant. Glenn is dumbstruck, and his muteness upsets Iris. To comfort her, he tells her a story about how he discovered John Coltrane (his favorite musician) records as a teenager, the point being he could get used to this turn of affairs. After some soul-searching, Glenn decides to try some unconventional methods of teaching music appreciation, including the use of 'Rock and Roll' to interest students, demonstrating to them the similarities between Bach's "Minuet in G" and rock-and-roll in the form of the Toys' "Lovers Concerto". For the first time, the students are interested in the class, and Glenn appears much happier as he relates this to Iris as they assemble a crib. Their apartment is getting more and more crowded, and Glenn suggests that they get a house. Iris is overjoyed, even though it means using their savings and Glenn sacrificing his summer vacation, which he intended to use to work on his composing, in order to make extra money teaching Driver's Ed. Glenn does right by his family but he knows he can forget about getting out of the teaching gig for the foreseeable future. Continuing his new, unorthodox teaching methods, he finally gets Gertrude, who was on the verge of giving up, to have a breakthrough and become a more skilled clarinet player. He convinces her to put more emotion into her playing by telling her to "play the sunset" after she confides that her father said her red hair looked like a sunset. She rediscovers her joy of playing, and the now-competent band go on to play at the 1965 graduation. Summer vacation begins, and Glenn follows through on his plan to teach Driver's Ed, having a series of near-death experiences at the hands of new drivers. Glenn and Iris move into their new house. Soon, we see the Driver's Ed car once again, except this time it is Glenn himself driving like a maniac, breaking every traffic law - so that he could get to the hospital to see his newborn son, Coltrane "Cole" Holland. Glenn's unorthodox teaching methods do not go unnoticed by Principal Jacobs, or Vice-Principal Wolters. They, along with the conservative School Board and the parents of the community, are hostile to rock-and-roll. Glenn is able to convince the principal that he believes strongly that teaching the students about all music, including rock-and-roll -- and even Stravinky's music being that of the Russian Revolution -- will help them appreciate it all the more. The principal and vice principal also hand him a new assignment, to get a marching band together for the football team. Glenn is at a loss with this concept, until Bill Meister agrees to help, in exchange for Glenn putting one of his football players, Louis Russ, in the band to allow him to earn an extra curricular activity credit, which he needs in order to stay eligible for the sports teams. Louis knows absolutely nothing about music, but takes up the bass drum in the marching band. He has trouble keeping time and always finds himself out of place with the rest of the band. Later, Glenn and Bill are chatting while playing chess. Bill, a bachelor, wants to know about Glenn's stories of debauchery as a traveling musician, but Glenn doesn't want to talk about the past, as he is a different person in a different time. Glenn instead tells Bill he is pessimistic about Louis Russ. Bill encourages him to keep trying. Much as he worked with Gertrude earlier, Glenn starts working one-on-one with Louis, helping to get a feel for the tempo of music, particularly finding a connection with Louis through Stevie Wonder's "Uptight". After some hard work, Louis gets it, and later, he marches with the band in the local parade, much to the delight of his family. Immediately behind the Kennedy band in the parade is a fire engine, and its deafeningly loud horn catches everyone by surprise. Iris looks into Cole's stroller to check on him, but the noise hasn't awakened Cole - the boy is deaf. The revelation drives a wedge between Glenn and his son, as it seems that his son cannot understand what he does. A more somber Glenn teaches his students about Beethoven, a famously deaf composer. Time passes, and we see a montage of events from the late '60s, as Glenn picks away as his composition a little at a time and watches Iris work with Cole. We stop again in the early '70s, with Glenn still directing his high school band. Cole is old enough to enter school. Because of her mounting frustration with her inability to communicate with Cole, she insists on sending him to a special school for the deaf, whatever the cost. The three of them visit the school. Glenn winces at the cost, but they enroll Cole and set about to learn sign language themselves, though Iris puts more effort into it than Glenn. Apathetic students still go through Glenn's classes, and one of them, named Stadler, seems to have a brilliance for memorizing facts and doing well on tests but doesn't get the appreciation that Glenn is trying to teach him about music. The two frequently clash and one day when Glenn is chewing him out he receives some bad news. He tells Stadler to meet him on Saturday for a "field trip." On that day, they appear at a funeral for Louis Russ who has come home from Vietnam after being killed in action. Coach Meister is there, and he and Glenn mourn. At the end of that academic year, Bill reveals that he finally has a steady girl-friend, and Principal Jacobs retires from the high school, praising Glenn for what he has done. We see another montage of events, this time in the 1970s. Glenn continues teaching Driver's Ed in the summer. We see the class of 1980 being welcomed back, suggesting that it is now September 1979. Glenn and Bill Meister team up to help the Drama Department, when it is rumored that funding may be pulled. Glenn and Bill tell Wolters, now the principal, that they have an idea to be certain the school will make money rather than lose it; it will be a musical revue of Gershwin classics. Wolters and several of the staff scoff at the idea until Meister tells them he'll get some of his football players to perform in the revue. He also demonstrates that he knows ballet, having taken it in college and that people will turn out in droves just to see his players participate. During auditions for the musical revue, Glenn becomes entranced and interested in a talented young singer named Rowena Morgan. At home, the teenage Cole comes home and tells Glenn about the science fair, which Glenn missed. Iris is fluent at sign language now, but Glenn is still only fair. Iris reproaches him for spending so much time with the school projects and the students while neglecting his own son. Glenn is frustrated, realizing that his own musical composing has been on the back burner for 15 years now. Rowena visits Glenn at a diner, where he has gotten into the habit of going to get out of the house and have someplace quiet to work. Unknown to Iris, Glenn writes a small piece that he titles "Rowena's Theme," and takes an interest when Rowena states that she wants to leave town and go to New York to sing professionally. Glenn's life at home is still strained. Iris agrees to come to the school play on Saturday, because she had a meeting with Cole's teachers on opening night (Friday). The school revue arrives at last, and is a big hit, playing to a packed house. In the audience we see Coach Meister wearing a ring (he married the woman we saw earlier), and Sarah, the drama teacher, shows Principal Wolters something on a new invention, a handheld calculator (presumably, showing him how much gate money made it into the school coffers, as Wolters looks impressed). After the revue, Rowena comes to see Glenn in the auditorium, and she tells him she intends to pursue her dream of singing by going to New York the very next night, after the second and last performance of the revue. Glenn is taken aback. Rowena hints that she'd like Glenn to come with her. Glenn goes home and looks at his photo album, looking at pictures of his family and pictures of his old life as a traveling musician, now half a lifetime in the past. He is tempted to leave everything behind and go with Rowena to restore his old life as a musician. However, he realizes he is no longer the same person as he was then. He visits Rowena at the bus stop and sees her off, giving her the names of someone in New York who will help her find lodging. Glenn watches her depart, and goes home, content in his love for Iris. The timeline then shifts to late 1980, when John Lennon is killed. A depressed Glenn goes home and finds Cole working on Glenn's old Corvair. When Cole asks what is wrong, Glenn tries to explain, but then gives up, feeling that his son wouldn't understand John Lennon or his music. Cole is immediately infuriated, who (through Iris), explains that he does care about Glenn and knows a lot about John Lennon, but that Glenn does not seem to be at all interested in communicating with him. Cole berates his father for putting so much effort in to teaching his students and very little towards him, calling him an asshole in sign language as he stalks off. Glenn then makes an effort, and even provides a concert at the high school, which also features lights and other items to enhance the show for deaf members of the school where Cole attends. Glenn, having become somewhat more proficient in sign language, even does an interpretation of Lennon's song 'Beautiful Boy,' dedicated to Cole. Later, Glenn discovers Cole listening to records by sitting on the speakers and feeling the vibrations through his body, and they can start healing the rift between them, even as Glenn's composition continues to gather dust. More time passes and it's now 1995. Glenn goes to see Principal Wolters, who announces that Art, Music and Drama have been cut from the school curriculum, and Glenn would be out of a job shortly. Glenn, who has become a cynical old man, tells Wolters that to cut the fine arts would lead to a generation of students who would be proficient at reading and writing and math (maybe) but would have nothing to read or write about or have any way to interpret what they learn. Wolters offers to write Glenn a reference, but Glenn, who is now 60 years old, fully recognizes the futility of the gesture. His working days are over and he knows it. Then he looks up at the picture on the wall of the long-departed former Principal Jacobs. He says Jacobs would have fought the budget cuts, and he will too. Glenn pleads to the school board to reconsider, but even they refuse. At home, Iris reads a letter from the now-grown Cole. He has become a teacher himself, and was considering an offer from a university for the deaf in Washington, D.C. He also has taken Glenn's old car, the Corvair that we saw at the beginning and that Cole was working on in his teens, and jokingly writes that he will never give it back. Despondent, Glenn walks through the school on his last day, and he talks to Coach Bill, whose job as football coach is safe, though he can't be far from retirement himself. Glenn figures that he will bring in some money teaching piano lessons on the side, but he's unprepared to be forced into early retirement. On Glenn's final day at the school, Cole shows up driving the Corvair. School's out for him, too. Glenn is surprised when Iris and Cole lead him to the school auditorium, where they have organized a surprise going-away celebration for him. He sees many of his fellow faculty members and even some of his former students in the audience, including Stadler, the combative pothead from years before. Arriving next is Gertrude Lang, the clarinetist who Glenn helped in the 60s, who has since become the state's governor. Gertrude thanks Glenn for his dedication, and Glenn is very moved. He is moved to tears when she gives him a baton and asks him to conduct his own composition, which she had got hold of. The curtains open and a band, filled with more of Glenn's former students, is assembled and ready to play. Governor Lang picks up her clarinet and takes her place among them, and they play, for the first time, the musical opus that Glenn had been picking away at for three decades.
tt0110989
Comedy,Family
Richie Rich is the son of Richard and Regina Rich, two of the wealthiest people in the world. Richie lives a life of luxury in the Rich Mansion, of which he is helped and waited upon by a manservant named Cadbury, who acts as Richie's guardian when his parents are unable to. Also in the employ of the family is Professor Keenbeen, a man who comes up with rather amusing gadgets and gizmos for the Rich family. One day, Richie attends the reopening of a factory called United Tool, which is father has saved from bankruptcy. While acting in his father's place, Richie soon becomes more interested in some kids playing a game of baseball nearby than the event. However, when he tries to join in the game, he is ushered away by Cadbury. On the trip back to the Rich Mansion, Cadbury notices a strange look of melancholy on Richie's face. When Richie attends school the next day, he tries to get some of the other wealthy classmates to 'hang out' with him, but none of them are willing to or know what this meaning is. On the way home, Richie has Cadbury take him back to the neighborhood where United Tool is. Finding the kids playing baseball again, Richie tries to join their game, only to have the kids feel that Richie is too rich to know how to play sports. He proves them wrong by hitting a homerun. Richie's thoughts that this will impress them, only seems to repulse them. Richie is then scheduled to accompany his parents on a visit to see the Queen of England. However, Cadbury insists that Richie stay home, and Regina and Richard give in to his request. Later on in the day, Cadbury surprises Richie by showing that he has invited the kids from the baseball game to stop by. They are soon enormously impressed by the Rich Mansion, and soon end up playing all sorts of games with Richie. Richie eagerly invites them back for another time to play, but this is soon tempered when a report comes that his parent's airplane has gone down in the Atlantic Ocean. Even though it seems hopeless, Richie and Cadbury believe that Richie's parents are still alive. Unknown to them, the plane crash was orchestrated by Lawrence Van Dough, a ruthless member of the Rich Industries Board who intends to take over the company. As the second-in-command behind Richard, Lawrence begins to make changes in the company's policies, starting with the closing of United Tool. When Richie is informed of this by Gloria, he decides to take action. As heir to the Rich Family Fortune, Richie owns a large portion of company stock, but is unable to take control of the company. However, since Cadbury was placed as Richie's guardian in the case of anything happening to his parents, Richie can operate through Cadbury. This move irritates Van Dough, who soon finds himself in a tug-of-war with the Rich Empire's board of directors.
tt0116000
Action,Comedy,Drama
The Ducks are being awarded junior varsity hockey scholarships to Eden Hall Academy, a prestigious prep school that coach Gordon Bombay (Emilio Estevez) attended, following their victory at the Junior Goodwill Games in Los Angeles, California. Bombay announces that he will be leaving his position as coach to take a job with the Junior Goodwill Games, much to Charlie's dismay. Bombay's spot is filled by former Minnesota North Stars player Ted Orion (Jeffrey Nordling). Initially the Ducks clash with Orion's disciplinary coaching tactics and his focus on defense over scoring. Orion abandons several Duck traditions, including starting Julie Gaffney in goal over Greg Goldberg, based on Julie's superior play in tryouts, directing the team to play a defensive-minded system and strips Charlie Conway (Joshua Jackson) of his Captain's 'C', stating that the strategies the team used in the past won't work anymore. He is proven right when, in their first game, the Ducks take an embarrassing tie after losing a 9-goal lead, due to their cockiness after their initial dominance. Orion is livid, but makes a valid point (about hockey and life) when he states that the Ducks won't be able to dominate every game and have to learn how to play "two-way hockey," not choking when the game is going their way. Charlie's only consolation is meeting Linda (Margot Finley), a student petitioning to change the school's team name (The Warriors) as it perpetuates an offensive Native American stereotype. Though she initially writes him off as a mindless jock, the two start to hit it off. The team's difficulties are further compounded by the attitude towards them on the part of most of the students and parents at Eden Hall, particularly the Varsity hockey team, which Adam Banks has been recruited into. The two teams engage in an escalating prank war, culminating in an unofficial match in the school's ice rink, in which the Ducks are badly beaten. When Coach Orion forbids the old Ducks name and uniforms, declaring "The Ducks are dead", Charlie finally becomes fed up with Orion, whom he considers washed-up, and leaves the team with Fulton Reed. Greg Goldberg is made a defenseman to replace Fulton. Venting to Hans, his and Gordon's mentor, Charlie becomes further upset after Hans appears to take Orion's side. After skipping school at the Mall of America and Charlie proposing going to public schools before pursuing hockey careers, Fulton realizes he might not want to follow Charlie or play hockey for the rest of his life. He also tries to suggest Charlie rejoin the Ducks. Chagrined at that suggestion and Fulton's abandonment, Charlie is still struggling with what to do when he learns that Hans, the Ducks' friend and mentor, has passed away. Bombay returns for Hans' memorial and the next day takes Charlie back to Eden Hall. He explains to Charlie, that Orion was actually a great pro player who only left the sport because he wanted to care for his daughter, a paraplegic as a result of a car accident he was in. Bombay explains the circumstances that led to his coaching the Ducks in the first place and how it changed his life for the better, and that he told Orion that Charlie was the heart and soul of the team, and it was his hope that both Orion and Charlie would learn something from each other. Touched by this, Charlie agrees to rejoin the team. Arriving at the team bus for the next game, Charlie apologizes to Orion who, surprised by Charlie's sincerity, welcomes him back. Fulton also rejoins the team before Charlie does, apparently no longer disillusioned about hockey. Adam also decides to leave the Varsity team and return to the JV team. Prior to the bus' departure, Dean Buckley (David Selby), the school's headmaster, informs the team that its board of trustees is going to vote to revoke the Ducks' scholarships, due to the unpopularity of the decision to admit them, and their mediocre performance on the ice. The Dean offers Orion a chance to start anew with a team of his choice, but Orion refuses, going so far as to threaten resignation, and assures his team that he's going to fight the decision. At the Board of Trustees meeting, the Ducks state their case, but no one is willing to listen until Bombay arrives and threatens the group with an injunction, promising to tie up the matter in court until long after the kids have gone on to college. The board reluctantly votes to reinstate the Ducks' scholarships. When the Varsity team learns the Ducks are staying and continue their harassment, the Ducks and the Warriors agree that if Varsity beats JV in the upcoming exhibition game, JV will leave the school, but if JV wins, the official team name will be changed to the Mighty Ducks. Orion and the Ducks train hard, focusing specifically on defense around the goal. Orion returns the Ducks' jerseys right before the game, feeling that the team has finally earned them. Throughout the game, the Varsity dominates on offense, but the Ducks' newly acquired defensive skills manage to keep the game scoreless after two periods. Unable to score, the Varsity instead start to viciously check every player they can, so that the Ducks are battered going into the third period. During the second intermission, Dean Portman (Aaron Lohr), who had initially refused the school's scholarship, returns to the team, adding a needed spark. Late in the game, the Ducks get two penalties and must play 5 vs 3. During the time-out, Orion renames Charlie captain and tells him to go for the win if the opportunity presents itself. With seconds left in the game, Charlie is on a breakaway, but in a surprise move passes the puck back to Goldberg, who scores into a wide-open net as time expires, securing a 1-0 victory for the Ducks. Following the victory, Charlie embraces Orion and spots Bombay who has attended the game. They both look across to the Warriors emblem, which is suddenly replaced by an unrolling banner with the Ducks' logo, officially changing the team name to the Eden Hall Mighty Ducks. Upon seeing this, Linda kisses Charlie. Bombay then departs the rink with a smile, knowing his protege has matured.
tt0111438
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
In 1863, Confederate soldiers are carrying a gold bullion as a payday for the army. Suddenly, they are cornered and shot by a highwayman using anachronistic automatic pistols and futuristic tech equipment, leaving them stranded and dead. The mysterious highwayman steals the trunk containing the gold and then suddenly vaporizes into a gelatin like mist. In 1994, 131 years later in Washington DC, the U.S. government creates the Time Enforcement Commission (TEC) to combat the misuse of newly developed time travel technology. They have discovered that the same gold bullion was used in recent arms purchases. The TEC is to detect "time ripples" among the time-lines and to stop them from happening before they reach the present, since people cannot travel forward in time to the future, they always travel back to either change history or steal riches. (Note: the mysterious highwayman who killed the Confederate soldiers in 1863 to steal their gold is never seen again or identified). Senator Aaron McComb (Ron Silver) volunteers to fund and oversee the commission. Meanwhile, police officer Max Walker (Jean Claude Van Damme) is offered a job as a TEC agent. He meets his wife Melissa (Mia Sara) at a local shopping mall where he stops a purse snatcher. He notices three odd-looking punk men following them despite never seeing them before. Walker and Melissa go home to their large fancy house and later make love. Later that same evening, Max is attacked in his home by the same intruders he saw earlier at the mall and Melissa is killed in an explosion, destroying his house. Ten years later in the year 2004, Walker is now a veteran TEC Agent. He is sent back to October 1929, in the midst of the Wall Street crash to arrest his former partner Atwood (Jason Schombing) for taking advantage of the U.S. stock-market crash. After subduing Atwood's bodyguards, Walker interrogates Atwood who reveals that he is working for Senator McComb, who needs money for his presidential campaign. Terrified by McComb's threat by sending hit-men back in time to murder his ancestors, thereby wiping out his existence, Atwood tries to kill himself by jumping out a window. Walker catches him as he falls and takes him back to 2004, but Atwood refuses to testify against McComb and the TEC agency sends him back to 1929, right where he left off, this time falling to his death. Senator McComb arrives at the TEC agency to oversee the work and to congratulate Walker for his recent successful mission. Walker implies to McComb that he knows all about his dirty dealings behind the scenes in Washington and about his means to acquire money for his campaign. McComb leaves the facility and orders his aide to have Walker killed. The next morning, two assassins break into Walker's small apartment and attempt to kill him, but Walker, a trained martial arts expert, kills both assassins after a violent and protracted fight. While still trying to investigate McComb to expose him of corruption, Walker is partnered with agent Sarah Fielding (Gloria Reuben), and sent back to 1994 to investigate a pending ripple, where they find a young Senator McComb arguing with his business partner Jack Parker about their company's new computer chip. Parker offers to buy McComb's share of the company, but suddenly, the older McComb arrives from 2004 to warn his younger self that the chip will make huge profits. A fight starts when Walker is double-crossed by Fielding, who reveals she works for McComb. McComb kills Parker, wounds Fielding, attempts to kill Walker, and manages to escape back to 2004. When Walker returns to 2004, he finds that things have become worse. McComb now owns the computer company, with no record of Parker. He is almost guaranteed the Presidency with his finances and approval rating. The TEC is being shut down due to budget cuts. There is also no record of Fielding. Realizing that he has to fix things, Walker hijacks the original prototype time machine (which McComb had been using for their illegal trips) with the help of Commander Matuzak (Bruce McGill), who sacrifices himself when McComb's men try to stop Walker from escaping. Finding himself once more in 1994, Walker finds Fielding in the hospital, where she agrees to testify against McComb. Whilst trying to find Fielding's DNA from a blood sample in the lab, Walker finds a sample of Melissa's blood and it indicates she is pregnant. Walker realizes her death occurred later that night, and he decides to stop it. After going back to Fielding's room, he discovers that she has been murdered and he is framed as the prime suspect. He goes to the mall where he and Melissa met that night. Eventually, Max Walker finds her and manages to convince her he is from the future. He also sees the three thugs who attacked him and realizes that they are McComb's men whom were sent back to kill him before he joined the TEC. That evening, McComb's thugs break into Walker's home, like before, only this time the older Walker is waiting for them. Without his younger self realizing it, the older Walker helps to fight off the bad guys. Together, they and Melissa win, though the younger Walker is wounded. The 2004 McComb then takes Melissa hostage. When the older Walker finds McComb is holding Melissa, the corrupt senator then sets a time bomb. He then shoots Melissa, just before the young McComb appears, having been tricked into coming to the house by a fake message from Walker. Walker grabs the young McComb and pushes him into the older one, causing them to become a writhing, screaming mass which melts into nothingness (since according to the time theory, no two persons can exist by physically touching each other). Walker carries the wounded Melissa out of the house just before the bomb explodes, destroying the house just like before. He lays the unconscious Melissa beside his younger self and leaves the scene before the local police and fire department arrives. Walker returns to 2004, and the time-line has been corrected. The TEC still exists, Fielding and Matuzak are alive, and McComb does not exist, having "vanished" ten years earlier. As Walker returns home, he is happily shocked to find himself living in the same house which was rebuilt. Melissa is alive and their nine-year-old son is waiting to greet him. As Walker walks into the house for dinner Melissa has something to announce to Walker... implying that she is pregnant again.
tt0113117
Comedy,Drama,Romance
When Kate's (Meg Ryan) fiancé; Charlie (Timothy Hutton) calls from Paris to tell her he's in love with another woman, Kate determines to do anything to get him back. She even overcomes her fear of flying so she can chase him down in the romantic city of lights. Then, while airborne, the panicky Kate meets Luc (Kevin Kline), a somewhat sleazy character who just happens to be a thief -- and who secretly plants a stolen possession in her bag. Luc intends to retrieve the loot when they land; unfortunately a conman grabs the bag first, thwarting Luc's well-laid plans. Soon he and Kate are frantically scouring the beautiful French countryside in hopes of getting back her precious carry-on. The romantic situation hardly goes smoothly, either: Kate continues her obsession with ex-fiancé Charlie, while Charlie's new girlfriend takes a liking to Luc... who unexpectantly falls in love with the broken-hearted Kate.
tt0112453
Animation,Adventure,Drama
Nome, Alaska, 1925. A diphtheria epidemic is sweeping through Nome, and 18 people have already gotten sick. One person is the owner of Jenna, a dog that Balto has a crush on, and who also has a crush on Balto. The town's doctor sends for more diphtheria antitoxin, which Nome is out of. A dog team is sent to Nenana to pick up the antitoxin, but on the way back, there is an accident, and the musher is knocked out. When the team doesn't arrive, Balto goes to help them out. He is, of course, bullied by Steele, his rival. Balto ends up leading the team, and on the way back, has an accident, but proves himself by bringing the antitoxin safely to Nome, and becomes a hero. Steele, on the other hand, gets rejected and is despised by the other dogs.
tt0113419
Drama,Family,Fantasy
On his ninth birthday, Omri receives an old cupboard from his brother Gillon (Vincent Kartheiser) and a little Native American "Indian" figure made of plastic from his best friend Patrick (Rishi Bhat). That night, Omri goes through his mom's box of old keys and finds that a gold-colored key with a red ribbon tied to it (given to his mother by her grandmother) actually fits the keyhole of his cupboard. He then looks for an object to lock in the cupboard and settles for the Indian figurine. The next morning, he hears a small tapping noise coming from the cupboard. Omri opens the cupboard and finds a small living person hiding in the corner. It is actually the Indian figure who has magically come to life in human form. Frightened by his large acquaintance, the Indian pulls out a dagger and points it at Omri. Shortly afterward, Omri's father comes in the room to help Omri get ready for school, forcing Omri to lock the cupboard and keep the Indian a secret. When Omri arrives home from school, he is upset to discover that the Indian has returned to its original toy form. When he goes to bed, Omri once more hears the tapping noise he heard that morning. He opens the cupboard to find the Indian alive once more. The Indian is again initially frightened of Omri but warms up to him, thinking Omri is a great spirit in a child's form, as the two begin talking, slowly forming a friendship. The Indian reveals himself as an English-speaking, 18th-century Iroquois Indian named Little Bear (Litefoot) who was fighting in the French and Indian War on the side of the British. During Little Bear's stay with Omri, Omri learns a lot about the Iroquois. Omri also learns that Little Bear is a widower. Then Omri takes Little Bear outside, but Little Bear gets hurt by a pigeon, forcing Omri to bring to life his brother's First World War British Army medic named Tommy Atkins (Steve Coogan) to treat Little Bear's wound. After Omri gives Little Bear tools, sticks and some paper, Little Bear crafts a longhouse and eagerly talks of hunting and sharing stories with Omri over a fire, as he does with his own people. Omri decides to surprise Little Bear with another Indian figure (resembling a Chieftain), saying Little Bear can have the Chieftain's longbow. Little Bear watches in excitement as Omri brings the figure to life. However, before Omri can send the Chieftain back, he suffers a heart attack out of fear. Omri is frightened as he has never seen someone die. Little Bear is confused as to why a spirit would be frightened at the sight of death, coming to the realization that Omri really is a child. Little Bear tells Omri to send the man back, but Omri is reluctant, worried that no one will find his body if he was alone when Omri summoned him. Little Bear yells at Omri, saying that he, Little Bear, had been guiding his nephew through the woods to teach him how to be a man when Omri had taken him away and that Omri shouldn't tamper with magic he doesn't even understand. This upsets Omri. Omri locks the dead Chieftain in the cupboard, making him plastic once more, before leaving the angry Little Bear to answer his dad calling him downstairs. Omri's dad is upset when, after asking Omri where his saw blades went, Omri tells him that he buried them and can't remember where (Omri lied to protect Little Bear's existence). Omri's dad forgives him, saying he can just buy another set. Due to a combination of guilt and wanting to prove his maturity, Omri volunteers to go buy the new set of blades on his own. While Omri goes to the store, Little Bear is preparing the Chieftain's body, presumably still in its plastic form, for burial. As Omri leaves the hardware store, another slightly older kid knocks him into a wall and roughs him up, stealing the change Omri had left. Visibly shaken from the incident, Omri suddenly runs into Patrick, who has a plastic cowboy on a horse to go with the Indian. Patrick's mother is nearby. She notices that Omri is upset, so she and Patrick take Omri home. Eventually, Omri reveals his secret to Patrick. However, after they find Little Bear, who had been hiding from Omri's older brothers, Little Bear begs Omri to send him home. Ignoring Omri's protests, Patrick brings to life a cowboy from 1879 called "Boohoo" Boone (David Keith). Boone and Little Bear are initially hostile toward one another, but are forced to behave themselves when Omri reluctantly accepts Patrick's request to bring them to school. Their cover is nearly blown when Patrick almost shows Boone and Little Bear (now friends) to some classmates, and he and Omri began arguing in the hallway. When Patrick childishly asserts that he could reveal the men and Omri would be powerless to stop him, Omri drives home the point that the time travelers are not living toys that exist for their amusement, but people just like them. As the truth sinks in for Patrick, one of their teachers tries to mediate, and when he realizes that an object in Patrick's fanny pack is the subject of contention, orders him to open it and show him. Boone and Little Bear pretend to be plastic toys thanks to Omri's hints and laying woodenly in Patrick's hand, successfully fool the teacher. Back home, Omri shows a female Indian figure to Little Bear, which he intends to bring to life to give Little Bear a new wife. Just as he is about to lock the figure in the cupboard, he and Patrick (who is spending the night) are puzzled to find the cupboard is missing. Omri's brother confesses he hid the cupboard in the downstairs crawlspace as means of getting back at Omri for hiding the ball his brother keeps his pet rat in. When Omri retrieves the cupboard, he discovers that the key is gone. That night, Omri and Patrick, along with Little Bear and Boone, watch a program on TV that shows a relentless slaughter of Indians by cowboys. Boone is enthusiastic at the sight of his "boys" killing the helpless Indians, while Little Bear watches in horror at the sight of his "people" being massacred. Upon hearing Boone fire his revolver into the air with delight, Little Bear becomes confused and fires an arrow into Boone's chest. Making matters worse, Omri's mother warns that Omri's brother's pet rat has escaped and is hidden somewhere under the wooden floors. Later that night, Omri and Patrick find the key jammed between two floor boards and accidentally push it down out of sight while trying to retrieve it. Little Bear goes under the floor and manages to return the key to Omri just before he is nearly killed by the pet rat. With the key back, Omri brings Tommy Atkins back to life, so he can treat Boone's wounds. While the still unconscious cowboy is being examined, Omri realizes it is time to return Little Bear and Boone to their respective time periods where they belong. Shortly after Omri sends Tommy Atkins back to his own time, Boone awakens and forgives Little Bear. Later that night, as Patrick sleeps, Omri goes to bring the female Indian to life, but Little Bear realizes what Omri is doing, and stops him. Omri says he doesn't want Little Bear to be alone when he goes back, but Little Bear says that the Indian woman probably has people of her own, maybe even her own family, and forcing her to be with Little Bear would sadden her and in turn, sadden him. Omri agrees not to bring her to life. The next morning, Omri and Patrick say their goodbyes to their little friends before locking them back in the cupboard and sending them home. Just before saying goodbye, Omri has a vision of a life-sized Little Bear telling him that when he returns to his own time, he will take Omri on as his nephew. The film ends with Omri at school reading a journal entry where he assures everyone that although he will never know where or how Little Bear may be, he does not worry about him anymore.
tt0112715
Action,Adventure,Mystery
A telecommunications company--TraviCom--is run by a paranoid, hot-headed tyrant(Joe Don Baker). In a quest for a powerful 10.000 channel laser, he sends his son Charlie into the Congo region of Africa to retrieve a raw flawless diamond to power the laser, While reporting via Satlink, the camp is filled with dead bodies--the last image seen from Charlie's cam is that of a mutant gorilla before it goes black. Travis sends Dr. Ross(Laura Linney) to investigate, as she was Charlie's fiance.It becomes obvious that Travis' interest is for the diamond and not for his son, but Dr. Ross promises Travis will pay if she is only going for the diamond and not Charles. Enter Dr. Elliott(Dylan Walsh) who taught a gorilla(Amy) to talk using voice activated sign language invented for deaf-mute people. His assistant Richard(Grant Heslov) is noticing Amy's mental decline, which supposedly occurs in captive gorillas. Dr. Elliott wants to return Amy to the Congo, but can not afford the trip. A Romanian philanthropist--Mr. Homolka(Tim Curry) offers to pay, as drawings Amy painted have a symbol that he is interested in. Mr.Homolka's funds fall through on the day the plane is loading and Laura Linney appears in the nick of time to fund Amy's return. The flight to Africa is interesting as we find Amy drinks alcohol (wants "green drop drink"--martini) and is jealous of Laura Linney. Landing in Africa, the team is met by Eddie Ventro(Joe Pantoliano) and Monro Kelly(Ernie Hudson) with enough technogadgets and arms to start an incursion into a foreign land. While attempting to exit the airport, the group is discovered by Captain Wanta(Delroy Lindo) and demands a bribe to exit. It is found that Dr. Ross has plenty of cash and was an operative for the CIA. It is also found Tim Curry is after King Solomon's diamond Mines in the lost city of Zinge, and the image Amy was drawing is from King Solomon's Mines.As their plane goes into Zaire air space, they are fired upon, hit and damaged and have to exit via parachute. While reporting a Sit rep to Travis, Dr. Ross is told by Travis that his primatologists identified the gorilla seen before Charlie's camera as a new species of gray gorilla. Just then Amy knocks over the Satlink destroying it, leaving Travis to believe another gorilla attack, and sends another plane to find the diamond. The group meets the "Ghost tribe" while camping, who state there is a dead white man in the forest with the symbol of TraviCom on his shirt. The ghost tribe have several levels of dead and Dr.Ross identifies Bob Driscoll(John Hawkes), a member of Charlie's party. Bob awakens and sees Amy crawling towards him, begins to scream and dies of fright. The team travels further into the Congo and is attacked by Hippos as well as snakes.The team sees Travis' second plane shot down. After camping one evening, the team awakens to the loss of porters and is unsure of where to go--the proverbial fork in the road. The decision is made to follow Amy as she has the 'conviction' and 'passion' to go home. The region of the Congo they are in is geothermically unstable. Amy meets a group of Silverback gorillas and is snubbed leading Dr.Ross to believe Amy doesn't belong anywhere. The team finds the perimeter of Charlie's camp. yet can't find the bodies or equipment. Investigation reveals the lost city of Zinge with King Solomon's Mines. Hieroglyphics state "we are watching you" over and over again. Richard remains behind and is attacked. He runs to the group beaten and bloodied followed by a mutant gorilla. As Richard dies, Homolke states the legend of the killer ape is true. Camp is set like a scene from Predator, with lasers and machine pistols. The mutants attack, and if not for the overwhelming firepower, the group would have been killed. The following morning, Homolke is gone as well as Amy.Looking further, the team finds Homolke at the diamond mine. He is warned not to touch the diamonds, but he starts to retrieve them. The mutants surround him and kill him and attack the team. There is no way out and Peter is taken by the mutants. Just as they are to kill him, Amy appears and protects him. Ross finds Charlie dead, the diamond and laser in his hand. She gets the laser working and 'cuts' her way out, giving the team a chance to escape. Amy joins the Silverbacks and Ross uses the SatCom from the second plane to let Travis know his son is dead. He is more interested in the diamond. Ross then aims the laser at the satellite and fries it, destroying Travis' cash cow. Peter, Ross and Monro leave with a hot air ballon and Ross asks Peter to toss the Diamond. He does to Monro's"ouch" and the wind takes them away........
tt0115956
Action,Drama,Mystery
Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Serling (Denzel Washington) was involved in a friendly fire incident in Al Bathra during the Gulf War. He was an M1 Abrams tank battalion commander who, during the nighttime confusion of Iraqi tanks infiltrating his unit's lines, gave the order to fire, destroying one of his own tanks and killing his friend Lieutenant Boylar. The details were covered up (Boylar's parents were told that their son was killed by enemy fire), and Serling was shuffled off to a desk job. Later, he is assigned to determine if Army Captain Karen Emma Walden (Meg Ryan) should be the first woman to receive (posthumously) the Medal of Honor for valor in combat. A Medevac Huey commander, she was sent to rescue the crew of a helicopter that had been shot down. Finding them under heavy fire from an Iraqi tank and infantry, her men dropped an auxiliary fuel bladder on the tank and ignited it with a flare gun. Shortly after, her helicopter was also hit and downed. The two crews were unable to join forces. The survivors were rescued the next day, but Walden had been killed. At first, everything seems to be straightforward, but Serling begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses. Walden's co-pilot, Warrant Officer One Rady (Tim Guinee), praises Walden's character and performance, but was hit and rendered unconscious early on. Serling then sees Walden's medic, Specialist Ilario (Matt Damon), who also praises Walden; by his account, Walden was the one who came up with the idea of the improvised incendiary. Staff Sergeant Monfriez (Lou Diamond Phillips), however, tells Serling that Walden was a coward and that he was responsible for destroying the tank. The members of the other downed crew mention that they heard the distinctive sound of an M16 being used in the firefight during the rescue around the other helicopter, but Walden's crew denies firing one during the rescue, as theirs was out of ammunition. When Serling visits Walden's crew chief, Sergeant Altameyer (Seth Gilliam), who is dying of cancer in a hospital. Altameyer manages to get some words out, further confusing Serling, before self-medicating himself into unconsciousness. Under pressure from the White House and his commander, Brigadier General Hershberg (Michael Moriarty), to wrap things up quickly, Serling leaks the story to newspaper reporter Tony Gartner (Scott Glenn) to prevent another cover up. When Serling puts pressure on Monfriez during a car ride, Monfriez forces him to get out of the vehicle at gunpoint, then commits suicide by driving into an oncoming train. After finding an AWOL Ilario, Serling discovers that Monfriez wanted to escape under cover of darkness, which would have meant leaving Rady behind. Altameyer was ready to follow his lead and Ilario was wavering, but Walden refused to go along, resulting in an armed standoff with Monfriez. When an Iraqi infantryman appeared suddenly behind Monfriez, Walden fired at him. Mistakenly believing he was the target, Monfriez shot back and seriously wounded her. Walden, however, regained control of her men. The next morning, Walden stayed behind to cover their evacuation, firing the M16. Monfriez deliberately lied to the rescuers, telling them that she was dead so she would be left behind. Altameyer, injured and unable to say anything but "no!", was ignored. Ilario remained silent, fearing a court-martial. A-10 airplanes then napalmed the wreckage. Serling presents his final report to Hershberg. Walden's young daughter receives the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony. Later, Serling tearfully tells the Boylars the truth about the manner of their son's death. In the last moments of the film, it is shown that Walden had transported Boylar's body away from the battlefield.
tt0112896
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Transylvania: 1893. A coach containing Thomas Renfield (Peter MacNicol), a solicitor from London, and two Transylvanian natives, rocks up a mountanous path. Renfield says he's feeling queasy and one of the helpful natives leans out the window to tell the driver to slow down. Just as he does so, he catches a glimpse of the setting sun and yells for the driver to go faster. The carriage rocks and jerks its way to the closest town. When they arrive, a townsperson opens the door of the carriage, and Renfield tumbles out headfirst. The driver throws his luggage down after him, saying he will go no further tonight. Renfield is forced to walk to his appointment at Dracula's castle, disregarding the townspeople's warnings about vampires as a silly superstition. By the time Renfield arrives, it is dark. He tries to knock at the door, but the knocker crumbles away in his hand. Just then, the doors swing open of their own accord. When Renfield steps in, the doors swing shut again and he turns around in surprise. Behind him, at the top of a long staircase, Count Dracula (Leslie Nielsen) makes his appearance. He stands still at the top of the stairs as shadow creeps forward across the wall in a predatory stance. Dracula scolds it in a foreign tongue and it retreats. Renfield, startled, turns around and is relieved to see the count. Dracula starts to introduce himself and trips on some bat guano, tumbling down the steps. He gets up at Renfield's feet, unharmed. He leads Renfield up the staircase, while his shadow limps across the wall behind him. As they walk up the stairs Dracula passes without incident through a giant spiderweb that is in the way. Renfield, confused, attempts to follow, only to become tangled in the web. He is still picking cobwebs off his clothes as he enters the room into which Dracula has led him. Dracula brings up his purchase of Carfax abbey. Renfield produces the documents. Just as Dracula is about to sign, Renfield gets a papercut. Blood spurts all over the documents as Renfield attempts to find his hankerchief. Dracula smacks his lips and looks on in interest. Later that night, Renfield is sleeping soundly in the guest room. The door creaks open and two vampire maidens float into the room. Renfield wakes up to see them molesting his furniture. He is indignant at their intrusion, but when they advance upon him he soon gives in to their mistrations with gusto. Dracula walks by to see them in a very comprimising position. He calls the vampires off and scolds them. They start to float out of the room, but he tells them to stop it, so they just stomp into the hall. Dracula finds Renfield cowering under the covers and tells him he was having a nightmare. He offers to show Renfield an old Transylvanian method of relaxation, where the other will stare deeply into his eyes. However, Renfield promptly falls asleep before Dracula can make him his slave. This happens once more before Dracula hoists Renfield up by his shoulders and goes through it all very fast. Renfields eyes get wider and more twitchy as he listens, and the scene ends with Renfield totally under Dracula's control. The next scene opens on a ship at sea. It is The Demeter, bound for England. Dracula's coffin is down below, being knocked about the cabin. Renfield enters and tries to tie down the coffin again, only to be crushed against the wall multiple times by the rocking ship. When Renfield finally manages to tie down the coffin, Dracula emerges with a groan. Renfield says he looks dried out, and offers him some whisky. Dracula refuses, and says he'll start with the first mate. A London Enterprise headline segways the next scene: Corpse of Captain Found on Empty Vessel-- Sole Survivor a Raving Maniac. At a showing of Faust, three theatre-goers look over the audience from their box seats. The fourth, Dr. Seward (Harvey Korman), who runs an insane asylum, enters late. His daughter, Mina (Amy Yasbeck), his ward, Lucy Westenra (Lysette Anthony), and Mina's fiancé, Jonathan Harker (Steven Weber) greet him. He apologizes for being late, citing the lunatic he brought in from the empty ship as an excuse. Meanwhile, Count Dracula approaches an usher (Leslie Sachs) in the hallway outside and requests to speak with Dr. Seward alone. He makes a gesture with his hand and she is instantly transformed into a mindless slave, repeating his request as she approaches the box. Just before she draws back the curtain, he adds "and you will remember nothing of what I tell you." She draws the curtain to summon Dr. Seward and suddenly has no idea why she's there. Dracula, annoyed when she greets him for the second time, denys her a tip and says he'll do it himself. Dracula enters the box and introduces himself as the new owner of Carfax abbey, which ajoins Dr. Seward's sanitarium. He is just about to introduce himself fully when the usher returns, relaying the original message Dracula imparted upon her. Dr. Seward leaves at the summons and Jonathan Harker takes over, introducing the offended Dracula to the rest of the group. Dracula takes an interest in Lucy. At one point he stares, transfixed, at her neck. She seems flattered. Later that same night, Lucy looks out her window at Carfax abbey and undresses to just her nightclothes. As she gets into bed, Dracula turns into a bat and flies across to her window. Just as he reaches it, Lucy shivers and reaches out to push the window shut. It swings shut and Dracula flies into it head-on, sliding down the glass. Afterwards, in human form, he pushes in the window and hoists himself up onto the sill and into the room. Suddenly, a knock sounds at the door. Dr. Seward and Jonathan come in and turn on the light, saying they thought they heard a prowler. They search the room and find nothing, while Dracula clings desperately to the ceiling above their heads. They say goodnight and Dr. Seward slams the door on the way out. Dracula crashes to the floor. After the men have gone, Dracula creeps over to Lucy's bedside and begins to drink her blood with a loud, slurping noise. The next day opens on a cell in Seward's Sanitarium where Renfield fusses and frets on his cot. Martin, (Mark Blankfield) a caretaker at the sanitarium, enters and says Dr. Seward is ready to meet with Renfield. He leads him out to where Dr. Seward is sitting, eating lunch. Renfield takes the seat opposite him. Renfield acts normal until he catches sight of an insect and stuffs it into his mouth. This happens three more times and Renfield tries to play it off, but eventually Dr. Seward is forced to call Martin back to put Renfield in a straightjacket. That same morning, Mina comes into Lucy's room, where the other girl is still in bed. Mina remarks that Lucy looks pale, and Lucy says she doesn't think she can get out of bed. Mina calls her father and he examines the two little bruises on Lucy's neck with interest. Jonathan suggests an insect, and asks if Lucy recalls being bitten. Lucy alludes to a strange dream she had, but when they press her on the details she says she remembers nothing and drifts to sleep. Dr. Seward suggests contacting Dr. Abraham Van Helsing (Mel Brooks), who he thinks might be able to shed some light on the disease. At the London Hospital Dr. Abraham Van Helsing's autopsy lecture is being conducted. Van Helsing disects the body and passes various body parts around until every student has fainted. A nurse comes in and sees the bodies on the floor. She congratulates him on a "ten out of ten." She then says she just got a message from Dr. Seward summoning VanHelsing to Whitby for an emergency. Van Helsing looks thoughtful. Dracula's coffin opens on a new morning. Dracula is at first startled that he can be up during the daytime, but then becomes joyful as he thinks that Lucy's blood had cured him. He goes out for a walk and samples a picnic. Suddenly, Renfield appears and warns him away. Dracula begins smoking in the sunlight. Startled he starts to run back to his coffin but can't seem to get anywhere. Cut to Dracula's coffin, which is rocking. Muffled screams are coming from within. It opens and Dracula looks around him, seeing that it is night. He was having a daymare. Van Helsing examines Lucy and can only suggest the interferance of a vampire. At first Jonathan and Dr. Seward don't believe him, but they come to as he explains his line of thinking. They ask what they can do, and Van Helsing consults a vampire book. He finds what he is looking for in the suggestion of hanging garlic around Lucy's room as she sleeps, to prevent Dracula from finishing the job. Dracula rises from his coffin that night and bumps his head on the chandalier directly above. He grumbles that he must move his coffin. Garlic drapes over every surface in Lucy's room that night. She complains about the smell, but Dr. Seward and Dr. Van Helsing insist. Dracula creeps up to the window once they have left and opens it, only to be warded away by the disgusting smell. The next time we see him he is at the window of Renfield's cell. He calls his slave to the window and bends open the bars, floating gracefully down to the ground. Dracula beacons to Renfield and he leaps from the window. Renfield gets up, groaning. Dracula reminds Renfield that he doesn't fly. Renfield limps after Dracula on the way to Lucy's room. Once there, Renfield opens the window and begins to gather wreaths of garlic in his arms. He is distracted, however, and peeks under Lucy's blankets. Lucy wakes up and screams. Renfield screams. Dr. Seward and Jonathan come in and restrain him. Martin appears at Dr. Seward's call and drags Renfield back to his cell. Jonathan closes the window. When Lucy is alone again Dracula uses his vampire powers to call her to him. She opens the window and steps out into the night. Mina steps out onto the terrace and sees a dark figure bending over Lucy's prostrate figure. She screams, which brings Dr. Seward and Jonathan stright to her side. They rush out into the night and find that they are too late. A funeral is held. Dr. Van Helsing warns that unless they stake her to her coffin she will rise from the grave. Seward expresses doubts about the whole vampire theory. Just then, Count Dracula is shown in. He is introduced to Van Helsing, who questions the relationship between Count Dracula and Vlad Dracula, who impaled his subjects on iron spikes. Dracula insists they had it coming. Van Helsing and Dracula engage in a childish game of trying to get the last word through insults in the language of Ancient Moldavian. The professor notices The Count never gives up, leading him to suspect Dracula might be the vampire. At the Westenra crypt voices are coming from within Lucy's coffin. A man drinking nearby hears and lets her out. She attacks him. Back at the house, Jonathan is going out to stand guard at Lucy's grave, just in case. We next see him walking in the graveyard with a lantern. Suddenly, he hears his name called out long and soft. Lucy, now transformed into a vuluptuous vampire, steps out of the shadows. She begs Jonathan to come away with her, and tries to seduce him. However, he is too British to succumb to her wiles. She tries to bite him, but Van Helsing steps out of the darkness with a cross to drive her back. She retreats to her crypt, with Van Helsing at her heels. When Van Helsing and Jonathan enter the crypt they find Lucy lying prostrate in her coffin. Jonathan thinks she's dead, but Van Helsing says that unless she is staked through the heart by one who loved her in life she will rise again. Jonathan insists that he only liked her, but Van Helsing will hear none of it. He retreats behind a pillar and Jonathan hits the stake as hard as he can with a mallot Van Helsing produced. A deluge of blood pours out from where the stake drove in and Jonathan is soaked. He hits it one more time, with the same effect. Van Helsing hands him a hankerchief. Back at the house, Mina's nurse, Essie (Megan Cavanaugh) is sitting watch over her while she sleeps. Dracula is out in the garden and hypnotizes Essie to fall asleep and makes Mina awake. Dracula orders Mina to the door and there is some confusion in which he accidentally carries Essie away. When he realizes his mistake he drops her and goes back for Mina, spiriting her away into the night. Jonathan and Van Helsing return. Seward is shocked at Jonathan's appearance and makes him use the servant's entrance. At Carfax Abbey Dracula carries Mina into a candlelit room. They begin to dance, as a dusty old organ accompanies their movements. Their shadows dance and Dracula's shadow gets a little carried away, if you know what i mean. Dracula yells at it to stop, and they continue dancing. Dracula bites her. The next morning Mina is up early while Essie sleeps. Jonathan comes in and they wake her. Jonathan comments that Mina looks different, and she agrees, saying she's changed. She comes on to him, which makes Jonathan uncomfortable. Her father comes in and catches them in a very compromising position. Jonathan blames Mina, but she rescinds all blame. Seward is furious and orders Jonathan out. Van Helsing comes in and is suspicoius of Mina right away. He rips off her scarf to reveal two tiny puncture marks on her throat. She claims she did it pinning a shawl, but when Van Helsing presents her with a cross she faints. The group decides they need to find out the identity of the vampire, and Van Helsing suggests a way. The next scene opens with a ball. They invite Dracula and Renfield. Dracula comes up behind them while they are talking and startles them. He spots Mina and asks to dance. Jonathan is about to refuse, when Van Helsing stomps on his foot. Renfield calls Dracula's attention on his way to Mina. Renfield is suspicious of the circumstances under which he was invited. Dracula agrees that it is suspicious and says that if he is discovered he has movied his coffin to an abandoned Chapel, and that Renfield must meet him there, making sure not to be followed. Dracula begins to dance with Mina. Martin is given the signal to drop the curtain from a giant mirror. Everyone starts staring at Dracula and Mina, because he does not reflect in the mirror. He thinks they're staring because he's a good dancer. When he finally figures it out, he snarles and throws a table through the window. With Mina in his arms he leaps into the night. Renfield yells out after him, but quickly covers it. Van Helsing is suspicious of Renfield, and suggests they let him go to see if he'll lead them to Dracula. Renfield starts off in the direction Dracula indicated, only to remember his advice. To make sure he isn't followed he zig-zags in a circle and then advances, sure that he lost them. Renfield arrives at the castle, proud of his achievement. It is just then that Dracula hears the sound of his pursuers at the gate. Renfield is crushed that he couldn't fulful his duty, and begs Dracula to punish him. Dracula obliges and throws Renfield down the stairs. The group tramples over him on the way up the stairs. The door is locked when they get up, however. Dracula leans down to bite Mina as they beat on the door, and just as his fangs are about to sink in they break in. There is a struggle, at the end of which Dracula turns into a bat and flies into the rafters to escape. While he is up there, they are unable to burn him with the light of the sun. Just as Dracula thinks he's safe, however, Renfield opens a pannel in the ceiling for escape, accidentally letting in the sun. Bat-Dracula goes down in a ball of flames and Mina awakens as herself again. Jonathan carries Mina out the door. Just after them, Renfield comes in the room, sobbing. He scoops up his master's ashes, places them in his coffin and draws a smiley-face in them, trying to fix it. Seward tells him that he doesn't need to serve anyone anymore. Renfield follows him out the door, saying, "Yessss masssster." As Van Helsing puts on his hat, he opens Dracula's coffin and shouts one last insult in Ancient Moldavian, getting the last word. He slams the coffin shut as the film ends.
tt0160797
Drama,Thriller,War
In 1968, a disastrous American advance in the Vietnam War has Lieutenant Terry Childers (Samuel L. Jackson) executing an unarmed prisoner in order to intimidate a captive North Vietnamese army officer into calling off an ambush of U.S. Marines. His act thereby saves the life of the wounded Lieutenant Hayes Hodges (Tommy Lee Jones), though many of Hodges' men die in the battle. In 1996, now a Colonel, Hodges is about to retire from the Marine Corps and is reminiscing about his years in uniform. As a result of wounds he sustained during Operation Kingfisher, he was no longer able to continue as an infantry officer, so the Marine Corps sent him to law school and he continued his career as a JAG officer. He subsequently enters the Camp Lejeune Officers Club, where numerous Marine officers wait to honor his service at a pre-retirement party. Hosting the event is his old friend, Colonel Terry Childers, who is now the Commanding Officer of a Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU). Subsequently deployed to Southwest Asia as part of an Amphibious Readiness Group, Col Childers and his embarked MEU are called to evacuate the U.S. Ambassador to Yemen from the embassy grounds, as a routine demonstration against American influence on the Arabian peninsula and in the Persian Gulf turns into rock-throwing and sporadic automatic rifle fire by snipers from nearby rooftops. After escorting the Ambassador Mourain (Ben Kingsley) and his family to a waiting helicopter, Childers returns to the embassy to retrieve the American flag; meanwhile three Marines are killed by snipers on nearby rooftops with more gun fire following. Childers then orders his men to open fire on the crowd and "waste the motherfuckers", resulting in the deaths of 83 civilian protesters and injuries to over 100 more. Back in the U.S., the U.S. National Security Advisor, Bill Sokal (Bruce Greenwood), pressures the military to proceed with a court-martial to try to deflect negative public opinion about the United States, shouldering all the blame for the incident onto Childers and salvage American relations in the Middle East. Childers subsequently approaches Hodges and asks him to be his defense attorney at the upcoming Court Martial. Hodges is reluctant to accept, knowing that his record as a JAG officer is less than impressive and Childers needs a better lawyer. But Childers is adamant, because he would rather have an attorney who has served in combat. With little time to prepare a defense, Hodges visits Yemen only to find uncooperative government officials and firsthand account of the serious injuries the crowd members endured after encountering hostile civilians. Most of the evidence is stacked against Childers, particularly the fact that no one else in his team can testify to having seen gunfire coming from the crowd, in particular Captain Lee (Blair Underwood) who hesitated to follow Childers' order. Sokal is determined for him to be convicted and is met by the overzealous prosecutor, Major Biggs (Guy Pearce) who believes Childers to be absolutely guilty and wants to make an example out of him. Sokal at one point, burns a videotape of security camera footage revealing that most of the protesting crowd were indeed armed and firing at the Marines; evidence that would potentially exonerate Childers. He also blackmails the ambassador Childers rescued into lying on the stand and saying both that the crowd had been peaceful and that Childers had been violent towards him and his family during the evacuation. Colonel Hodges meets with Mourain's wife after the Ambassador's testimony to hear her side of the story. Although she admits Childers had been valiant, she refuses to testify and destroy her marriage. Back at the trial, Hodges presents a shipping manifest proving that a tape from an undamaged camera which had been looking directly into the crowd-the tape Sokal had burned-had been delivered to Sokal's office, but failed to show up at the trial, arguing that this tape would have been damning evidence against Childers if it had, in fact, shown the crowd was unarmed. Captain Lee is grilled on the witness stand by Major Biggs and despite trying to give favorable testimony, leaves doubt of Childers' innocence. Childers himself eventually takes the stand, with he and Biggs locked into a fierce verbal battle. Biggs produces an audio tape which contains the recording of Childers' poor choice of words when giving his order. While defending his actions, Childers loses his temper while stating that he would not sacrifice the lives of his men to appease the likes of Biggs. Already at an advantage, the prosecution presents the Vietnamese Colonel, who witnessed Childers execute a POW in Vietnam, Colonel Cao, as a rebuttal witness, trying to drive home the idea that Childers is malicious. Hodges cross-examines him and gets him to testify that had the circumstances been reversed, Col. Cao would have done the same thing. After the trial, Hodges visits Sokal and asks him what had happened to the tape; Sokal denies its existence and Hodges replies "Have you ever had a pissed off Marine on your tail?" The film ends with Childers being found guilty of the minor charge of breach of the peace (for having disobeyed his order to just show his Marines' presence), but not guilty of the more serious charges of conduct unbecoming of an officer (eligible for Dismissal from the Service, similar to a Dishonorable discharge for enlisted personnel) and murder (eligible for life imprisonment, and even the death penalty). A final title card reveals that no further charges were brought against Childers and that he retired honorably from the Marine Corps. The title card also explains that both Sokal and Mourain lost their jobs after being convicted of destruction of evidence and perjury respectively.
tt0179626
Action,Crime,Drama
The story opens as two men come through US customs in New York. Oleg (Oleg Taktarov) is taking pictures, and Emil (Karel Roden) is nervous. Oleg is interested in photography and movies, and spouts on to the customs agent. Across town Robert Hawkins (Kelsey Grammer) is arguing with his assistant Cassandra (Kim Cattrall) about his news network, stating that tragedy sells more. Cassandra wants to raise ratings, and they decide to film Detective Eddie Fleming (Robert DeNiro) as he does a stakeout. Eddie is a drunk, but a regular media attraction when sober. Eddie preps for his bust, and Robert's film crew follows the action, but misses the key scene. Oleg goes "shopping" for a camera, then films Emil as they arrive at Milos's (Vladimir Mashkov) apartment to collect their share of a bank job. Milos tells Emil that Oleg got them caught and an argument ensures. Email wants his money, but Milos does not have it. Emil stabs Milos and strangles his wife, while Oleg films and neighbor Daphne (Vera Farmiga) watches, hidden. Emil hears her leaving but cannot stop her. Emil hides the bodies with a "Bohemian BBQ", dousing them in acetone. Fire Marshal Jordy Warsaw (Edward Burns) gets the call for the fire. After subduing a would-be mugger, he arrives at the apartment fire, crossing paths with Eddie. Jordy finds a timer and deduces the fire is a homicide. Daphne tries to flag Jordy down, but the crowd is too big. Emil has Daphne's wallet, and realizes she is in the country illegally. He finds a card for an escort service and calls the number, asking for a Czech girl. He and oleg start learning American values from shows like Rosie O'Donnell and Robert Hawkin's. The hooker arrives, and Emil tries to get information from her, but she knows nothing, and Emil kills her. Jordy and his partner Bobby (John DiResta) return to the fire station and are rebuked by Fire Chief Marshal Declan Duffy (James Handy) for handing evidence to Eddie. Jordy tries to get a sketch of Daphne, sensing she has a story to tell. He returns to the burned-out apartment and finds Eddie. Eddie gets a call about the dead hooker, and tags along. Eddie deduces that there were two killers, and the murder weapon may match the one used on Milos. Eddie and Jordy visit the escort service and talk to Rose (Charlize Theron). Rose recognizes Daphne from the police sketch, and also reveals that Emil and Oleg were inquiring about her. Eddie and Jordy race to the nail salon where Daphne works. Oleg and Emil are already there (Oleg filming, getting his "15 minutes of fame"). Emil gives her a warning, and they leave right before Jordy arrives. The cops see them and give chase, but they escape, beating Detective Jackson (Avery Brooks) and stealing his wallet/gun, and also shooting Bobby. Eddie fires a shot, hitting Emil in the foot, but they escape. Eddie and Jordy interview Daphne, and she reveals that she once shot a cop who was raping her sister. Jordy asks to interview her alone, since she is scared. Daphne tries to get Jordy to let her shower before going to the police station. Eddie meets with his girlfriend Nicolette (Melina Kanakaredes), and tries to propose to her in Greek. Nicolette is a reporter, and gets an urgent call from the network, right in the middle of his proposal. Email and Oleg go through Detective Jackson's wallet and find Eddie's home address. At the police station, Jordy's boss complains to him about the shower, but Eddie covers for him, although he laters tells Jordy it was a mistake. At home, Eddie is working on his proposal routine when Oleg and Emil show up and knock him out. When he comes to, they have bound him to a chair. Emil lays out his plan: he will plead insanity to the murders, based on the fact that they film their murders, and will later write books about their experience (like they've seen on TV). Eddie fights them, but is stabbed to death. At Eddie's wake, Emil calls Robert and tells him he has a film of Eddie's death, and wants to sell it. Robert pays them. Meanwhile, Jordy takes Daphne to her apartment to collect her things, and the light switch starts a booby-trap - fire. Oleg and Email watch from an adjacent building. They leave as the fire department arrives, and Jordy escapes with Daphne. Meanwhile, the police have learned about the tape of Eddie's death, and try to get it before it's broadcast. Oleg and Emil celebrate in a restaurant as the tape airs, and other patrons recognize them. Oleg and Email argue over the film credits, and Oleg stabs Emil and leaves with the money. Hawkins arrives with his TV crew and a lawyer, but Emil realizes Oleg toook the money. Jordy bursts in and Emil is arrested, proclaiming his insanity. Jordy takes Emil to an abandoned warehouse, but cannot kill him in cold blood. The police arrive and take Emil into custody. Emil's lawyer (Bruce Cutler) starts Emil's defense, and Emil offers him 30% of his book/movie revenue. Oleg angrily watches Emil getting press. Daphne goes back to the Czech Republic to stand trial, and Jordy comes under fire for how he dealt with the mugger. Jordy is on scene when Emil is led to his arraignment, intending to kill him, but cannot. Oleg shows Hawkins the tape where Emil explains his plan to use the double jeopardy laws to excape prosecution, and tries to shoot Emil. Emil grabs a gun and shoots Oleg, then grabs Nicolette. Jordy shoots Emil repeatedly, killing him. Oleg films himself dying; Hawkins grabs his camera. Jordy returns Eddie's badge to Nicolette. Hawkins offers to help Jordy, and gets punched in the face. Jordy stalks off, and the credits roll.
tt0119675
Horror,Sci-Fi
For the past two years, New York City has been in the grip of an epidemic: Strickler's Disease is threatening to wipe out an entire generation of the city's children. Efforts to find either a vaccine or a cure have failed. But there is some hope in the recent discovery that the common cockroach is responsible for spreading the disease. Dr. Peter Mann (Jeremy Northam), of the Center for Disease Control, enlists the aid of Dr. Susan Tyler (Mira Sorvino), a noted entomologist. She develops a new species of insect she calls the Judas Breed, genetically engineered to secrete an enzyme that poisons normal cockroaches, and die off without reproducing within 180 days. Six months later, at a press conference, Dr. Mann announces that the epidemic is officially over. Peter and Susan are now married, and hope to start a family soon. Susan still has some misgivings about manipulating the DNA of the Judas Breed, but Peter assures her they did the right thing. On a rainy night three years later, in a run-down church in a Lower Eastside neighborhood, a preacher (Pak-Kwong Ho) is attacked and flees to the roof of the building. His assailant, a tall, thin man in a long overcoat, follows. The preacher jumps onto a painter's scaffold rigged to the side of the building, to escape; the ropes break and he falls to his death in the alley below. After a few moments, his body is dragged roughly into a nearby storm drain. A ten-year-old autistic boy, Chuy (Alexander Goodwin), watches dispassionately from the apartment building across the alley where he lives with his father, Manny (Giancarlo Giannini). Chuy imitates the clicking sounds the attacker made with a pair of spoons. Repeating "funny, funny shoes" to himself, he begins to bend a scrap of wire into a small figure. Next morning Peter arrives at the church. Police officers checking on the broken scaffold have discovered a large group of illegal immigrants locked up in the basement, all infected with yellow fever. The CDC will need to set up a quarantine and investigate. As Peter and his assistant Josh (Josh Brolin) look through the seedy old church, they come across a nasty surprise in a basement passageway: Several large clumps of feces fastened to the ceiling, and hanging down from it, like stalactites. Peter is concerned, since there is a connection between the basement passageways and the subway tunnels. Josh collects a sample for analysis; later, he shows Peter one of the bizarre components found in the sample: buttons...regular buttons...from human clothing. That afternoon, Susan is working in her lab with her assistant, Remy (Alix Koromzay). They are approached by a couple of twelve-year-old boys (James Costa and Javon Barnwell). Susan has a standing offer to pay the neighborhood kids for any unusual bugs they find, and these two have brought her a number of specimens...including a very unusual one, taped up in a cornflakes box. She offers them $10 for everything; they accept it and leave. Remy leaves shortly after, by the rear exit where her bike is parked. She bumps into a tall, thin man in an overcoat in the alley, mumbles an apology and slips on past him. Susan puts on a pair of surgical gloves and extracts the bug from the cornflakes box with a pair of forceps. Large and unique, it nevertheless appears to be just a baby. She reaches to examine it with her other hand...it bites her, latching ferociously onto the web of skin between her thumb and index finger. Startled, she pulls it off roughly, jams it down onto a pin board, and stabs a large pin into it to hold it there. She takes off the gloves and is checking for damage to her hand when she notices the bug is secreting a large amount of frothy liquid...like the Judas Breed. She searches through her files on the creation of the Judas Breed...she finds a litmus test strip made from the secretions...she compares it side by side with a test strip from the new bug. They are identical. She hears glass breaking...the lamp that was shining on the baby bug has been knocked to the floor, and the nearby window is open. When she investigates, she finds the bug is gone. She gets down on the floor to search for it, unaware she's being watched...by a tall, thin intruder clinging effortlessly to the ceiling above her. When she stands up, there is a sudden gust of wind, a shadow moves...and she is alone. Peter is shaken and angry when he hears of the incident. He asks Susan to cut back on the hours she spends alone in her lab at night. Her concern, however, is the Judas Breed. If it's still alive and reproducing, there's no telling what long-term impact it could have. She convinces Peter that they need to investigate further. Next day, the boys take Peter, Susan and Remy into the subway, to the place where they found the bug. They wind up outside a locked door, marked "Private", which the boys claim wasn't locked the day they went through it. Susan gives them a picture of an ootheca, an egg sack, and asks if they've seen anything like it. They haven't...but want to know what she'll pay if they find one. Remy hustles them away, telling them their dealing days are over. Peter and Susan pick the lock on the door, and enter what looks like an abandoned locker room. Their search is interrupted by a Manhattan Transit Authority officer, Leonard (Charles Dutton), who threatens to arrest them both. Peter convinces him they are there on official CDC business, but Leonard stubbornly insists that Peter will need to come back with the proper permits before he'll let him in to look around. Peter vows to do so, and also vows he will request Leonard to be assigned as their personal escort through the maintenance grid tunnels for being so obstructive. Susan waits on the subway platform while Peter and Leonard argue, leaning against one of the pillars, tapping her foot. She notices Chuy, nearby, imitating her tapping with his spoons. When she walks over to say hello and engage him in conversation, he merely remarks, "Lace-up shoes...black...Nine West," the style, color and manufacturer of the shoes she is wearing. He goes back to sit near Manny, who operates a shoeshine stand there on the platform. She watches, interested, as Chuy continues to imitate the tapping sounds made by all the people walking by and names the shoes each is wearing. She sees some of his wire sculptures, which are really quite good, and she tells him so. He holds up the one he made most recently, that looks very much like the specimen she had in her lab the night before: "Mr. Funny Shoes", he says. Susan asks Manny why Chuy doesn't go to school...Manny simply shrugs, and responds, "He doesn't have to: he's special." The two young boys have gone back into the subway tunnels to look for an ootheca. Transients, camped on the landings in this deserted part of the subway, warn them not to go any further. "Long John," they call after the boys, "Overcoat Slim...Don't go down there, or he'll getcha!" The boys fling a few insults back at them, and ignore their advice. They find what they're looking for, in a remote part of the tunnel: an ootheca the size of a gym bag. But they find "Overcoat Slim" there, too, keeping watch. He catches first one, then the other...and kills them quickly and brutally. Susan goes to talk with an old professor/mentor, Dr. Gates (F. Murray Abraham). She tells him what's happened, and asks if he thinks it's possible some of the Judas Breed bugs survived...he tells her he thinks it's likely. "But they were engineered to die," she says, plaintively, "in the lab, they all died." "Yes, Susan, but you let them out of the lab, " he replies. She asks if he still thinks it was wrong to do what she did. He tells her three years earlier he would have called it unforgivable. But he adds kindly that now, with two healthy grandchildren probably alive only because of her work, it would be hypocritical for him to pass judgment. Late that night, Chuy is watching the deserted church from his bedroom window...He sees the tall, thin man go inside. Gathering up his spoons and his bent wire figures, he crawls out the window and goes down the fire escape. The door of the church is boarded up, but he's small enough to fit through the gaps. Inside, he hears Mr. Funny Shoes clicking away, and imitates him with his spoons. Mr. Funny Shoes answers, and Chuy responds happily. Then there are more clicks...a second Mr. Funny Shoes is in the room. Chuy continues to "talk" to both of them...but as they move in closer, flanking him on either side, his facial expression changes from delight to fear. Next morning, Remy calls Susan and tells her to meet her at a sewage treatment plant. A friend of hers who works there has found something strange. Peter reminds Susan they have the subway thing this morning; she tells Peter she'll have to meet him there after she checks on this lead. At the plant, Remy's friend produces a tray which holds the head, thorax and two sets of legs of an almost man-size insect. Remy takes pictures of the creature with her Polaroid camera, and Susan asks her to deliver the body to Dr. Gates for examination. Susan takes the pictures and goes to meet Peter at the subway. Manny discovers Chuy is missing. He remembers the boy's fascination for the church across the alley. He goes over there to look around, and sees one of Chuy's wire figures just inside the doorway. Armed with a Zippo lighter and an old-fashioned straight razor, he breaks into the church through a cellar door to look for Chuy. Leonard, Peter and Josh are making their way down through the subway access tunnels, and none of them are happy. They encounter another cluster of feces attached to the ceiling, take samples, and keep on moving. At last they find themselves on a high balcony, overlooking the old Armory Station. Leonard glances down and sees a large bug, like the one from Susan's lab. Startled and disgusted, he stamps on it, rendering it useless for identification and study. Peter is furious...he steps out onto the balcony near Leonard and they begin to argue violently. An ominous creaking sound makes them stop...the balcony beneath them collapses, and Peter and Leonard crash down to the floor below. They are not hurt, but there seems to be no way to climb back up...so Josh, who wasn't on the platform when it fell, is sent back to the upper level to bring help. Susan, waiting on the subway platform for Peter's return, has been studying the pictures that Remy took. She notices something, and starts creasing them, accordian-folding them to show certain parts of one side-by-side with another, and she realizes that the claws on the front pair of legs resemble a man's face when fitted together. She notices suddenly that it's late, and Peter has not come to meet her. She approaches the only other person on the platform, a tall, thin man in an overcoat, to ask if he has the correct time...he raises his head, and she sees it's a full-grown, man-size Judas adult! She turns to run, it unfurls its wings and flies after her, catching her and carrying her into the tunnel. Josh is still trying to find his way to the surface. He stumbles onto a nest of oothecas. A nearby Judas adult is roused, and comes after him...Josh is caught and killed as brutally as the two boys. Susan wakes up alone in an apparent cache of Judas victims--dead, partially consumed, rotting--and tries to find her way out. She falls through a manhole, and is discovered there by Manny, still looking for Chuy. Trying to find help for her, Manny stumbles onto Leonard and Peter. Together they rescue Susan from the manhole, but they are seen and pursued by a Judas adult. They are able to make it inside an old subway car, but the Judas adult also gets partly through the door. They force the door shut, cutting the Judas bug in half...still alive, the upper half falls into the car, and scuttles under a bench. Leonard shoots it, emptying a full clip from his gun into it. He reloads, and pulls it out from under the bench to examine it. Still alive, it slashes at his legs with its own lethal front legs, seriously injuring him with deep lacerations that bleed profusely. Leonard empties the second clip into it, finally killing it. But the scent of the blood attracts other Judas adults...they swarm over the car, ripping at it and buffeting it. Susan borrows Manny's razor and cuts into the dead adult, extracting its scent glands. They smear the secretions over any cracks in the windows and other openings. The Judas adults withdraw from the car, apparently fooled by the scent. Leonard tells the others that they are in a Coney Island Special car that may still be operable. It might be possible for them to escape if they can restore the power. Peter volunteers to go out and check the power line. Manny volunteers to go out and throw the track switch, which will give him a chance to search a little longer for Chuy. Leonard and Susan will start the car and pick up Peter and Manny at a point further down the track. Susan smears the secretions from the two scent glands on them to increase their chances of survival. Peter is able to find and repair the circuitry. Manny finds the track switch, and miraculously, also finds Chuy nearby. For unknown reasons, Chuy has been spared by the bugs, and apparently even believes they are his friends. He indicates as much to Manny, and shows no inclination to return with him. As Manny tries to coax Chuy to come along, a Judas adult descends from the ceiling, and tears Manny to pieces. Susan and Leonard are worried about Peter and Manny...it's been too long for them to be gone. Leonard is severely crippled because of the wounds on his legs...so Susan puts on the last of the scent from the dead adult and goes out to find them. Manny is gone...nothing left but blood and his crucifix. But Chuy is still there, terrified after witnessing the death of his father. Susan picks up Manny's crucifix, throws the track switch and takes Chuy with her to hunt for Peter. Peter has turned on the power, and the lights come on in the subway car. Leonard starts it up, but it only moves a few feet and lurches to a standstill. Peter returns to the car, but Leonard won't let him in. Leonard's wounds have begun to bleed again, and there is no more bug scent to mask the smell. The Judas adults are beginning to come back...Leonard is doomed, and he knows it. Peter reluctantly leaves him to go look for Susan. Leonard leaves the car, and heads down the track, to decoy the bugs away from the others. They swarm over him and kill him, but his sacrifice helps the others to avoid the bugs for a while, at least. The reunion of Peter, Susan and Chuy is brief. Peter persuades Susan to take Chuy and escape without him...he wants to try to wipe out the colony while he's here. If he fails, Susan will have to tell authorities what's happened and find another way to destroy them. He helps them into a dumb waiter/service elevator, and sends them up to the next level. The leader of the colony, the breeding male, crashes into the chamber at that moment, and Peter is forced to run through a tiny access tunnel into another large chamber. He slams the door behind him and looks around to see that he is in the main nursery of the colony, surrounded by thousands of oothecas and thousands more adults hanging from the ceiling beams watching over them. The chamber is half flooded with water, and there are gas pipes and valves all around. With an emergency fire ax, he cuts into several of them, venting gas into the chamber. The door bursts open, a couple of Judas adults swarm in...more are leaving their perches among the beams and flying toward him. With the ax, he strikes the metal grid to create a spark before they can reach him. On the third blow a spark ignites the gas, the chamber explodes in flame and Peter plunges into the water. Susan and Chuy have gotten out of the elevator, and they're standing in a track tunnel when they are knocked down by the explosion. Before they can recover, the breeding male, who has climbed up the elevator shaft, crashes into the tunnel at a point between them. He ignores Susan and turns to Chuy, intent on killing the boy. Susan slashes her palm with Manny's crucifix and holds it up so the male can scent the blood. The male turns and chases her instead. She hears a train coming, and runs directly toward it...at the last moment she jigs sharply to the side, and the train hits the male head on. Badly damaged, he clings onto the train, slipping partly underneath. As parts of him touch the ground they are torn away by the velocity, and at last, completely crushed and dismembered, he dies. Susan collects Chuy and they make their way up to the street. Later, they huddle in blankets on a bench outside the subway entrance. Dr. Gates approaches Susan, and tells her the fire department found no trace of the colony...nothing could have survived the fire. "How about one of us?" she asks, hopelessly. He touches her hand, and goes back to talk to the firemen. Chuy is watching as firefighters evacuate people from the subway. Something about his attitude catches Susan's attention, and she joins him at the top of the stairs. A tall man in a blanket is climbing slowly up the stairs. Chuy comments with satisfaction in his voice, "Mountain boots, size ten". The man looks up, and it is Peter. He climbs up the last few steps to them, opens his arms, and embraces them both.
tt0309377
Action,Crime,Drama
Terry McCaleb (Clint Eastwood) is summoned to a crime scene, where Detectives Waller (Dylan Walsh) and Arrango (Paul Rodriquez) tell him the victims are numbers 5 and 6. Arrango cracks jokes throughout, and they show Terry a wall, where, written in blood, is "McCaleb Catch Me", and a code number. As Terry works his way through the reporters, he spots a figure with blood on his shoes and gives chase. He almost nabs the figure, but has a heart attack. The suspect comes back to check on him, and Terry fires at him, possibly hitting him as the figure flees. 2 years later, Terry is undergoing a check-up following a heart transplant. His doctor, Dr. Fox (Angelica Huston) gives him a clean bill of health. Terry goes to his boat, and meets Graciella Rivers (Wanda De Jesus), who wants to hire him. She tells him that Terry's heart transplant came from her sister and leaves. He agrees to look into the disappearance of her nephew, Raymond. The next day, Terry meets up with Arrango and Waller, and after some creative bribery with donuts, and they show Terry a convenience store security tape of the murder. Terry makes some deductions, but the detectives won't give him more details. Terry goes to the convenience store and starts asking questions, then does some research online. He goes to the FBI station to see his old partner, Jaye Winston (Tina Lifford). He charms her into seeing the ATM video of a similar robber, and thinks it's the same guy. He goes to visit a witness from the ATM murder, James Lockridge (Rick Hoffman). James is angry because the ambulance didn't respond to the 911 call quickly enough. Terry then goes to the ATM where the shooting occurred, and a man in sunglasses asks him to move, so he can use the ATM. Terry has nightmares, and enlists the aid of his boat-neighbor, Jasper Noone (Jeff Daniels) to drive him around. Terry argues with Dr. Fox about morality - she's concerned that he'll reject his transplant due to stress, and quits as his doctor. Terry calls Graciella, and she offers to bring Raymond over and cook dinner later. Later, Terry and Jasper go to a metal plant, tracing a Mikhail Bolotov, who Terry thinks may be involved. He questions Bolotov (Igor Jijikine), and Bolotov attacks him. Jasper comes in as Bolotov leaps out a window. Back at the FBI, Jaye tells Terry the shooter at the ATM mouthed "happy valentine's day" on the videotape. Terry watches the convenience store tape, trying to decide if that killer is saying the same thing. Graciella bring Raymond (Mason Lucero) over, and she sees the video he was watching. They walk along the shore, and Terry tries to establish a link between Graciella's sister and the ATM victim. Graciella mentions a special earring that her sister wore, and Terry remembers the man he saw at the ATM with the same earring. The next day, Jasper and Terry drive out to see the wife of the ATM victim, Mrs. Cordell (Alix Koromzay). He finds out the victim's sunglasses are missing, and remembers the same man wearing them from the ATM. He goes back to the see Jaye, and she tells him Bolotov has been found, dead. Terry explains his theory of the ATM man, but Arrango has the missing earring and sunglasses. The coroner finds a .38 bullet in Bolotov's mouth. Everyone remarks on how tired Terry looks. As Graciella talks about her sister, a reference to giving blood triggers a memory - there was a "I gave blood" sticker in Cordell's truck as well. They go to Dr. Fox and explain their theory. Terry's temperature is elevated, and Dr. Fox complains to Graciella that she is making Terry sick. Graciella is worried about Terry's health, and asks him to stop, but he refuses. Terry realizes that the killer wanted the victim's organs, since their blood type (and Terry's) is rare. Recordings of the convenience store camera and 911 call confirms that the killer called 911 BEFORE he killed Graciella's sister. The ATM victim would have been saved by the ambulance, except for the mistake mentioned by Lockridge. Terry and Jaye go back to the ATM, and Terry chases a man in sunglasses, but he drives away. They go to visit Lockridge and find his wife, dead. When Terry returns to his boat, Graciella and Raymond are cooking dinner. Raymond finds the code from Terry's first case, and notices there's no "1". They spend the night on the boat, and Graciella sleeps with Terry. Terry hears footsteps on the deck, and knocks Waller and Arrango into the water. Waller and Arrango take Terry to Lockridge, who has been shot, and there's another message for Terry, with the same code, and the words "McCaleb, happy valentine's day". He realizes the same killer is back, and the .38 slug found in Bolotov's mouth is one Terry fired at the victim years ago. He thinks the killer was trying to get Terry a new heart, so they could continue the sick chess game. Terry returns to his boat, and Graciella and Raymond are gone. Terry drops off a check to Jasper, and realizes his last name is Noone ("no 1"). He threatens him, and Jasper confesses to be the killer. Jasper tells Terry that he has Graciella and Raymond hidden, and wants Terry to resume his work. Jasper leaves to set up in a new location, and Terry shoots him. He puts a tourniquet on Jasper and has Jasper take him to Graciella and Raymond. They go to a grounded military boat, where Jasper takes Terry down below, then jumps overboard. Terry rescues Graciella and Raymond, and Jasper fires on them. Terry gets Graciella and Raymond onto his boat and stalks Jasper, holding his heart. Graciella sees Jasper on Terry's boat, and rams it into the wreck. Terry shoots Jasper, and Graciella holds his head under water, finishing the job. Later, Jaye and Terry wrap things up on the dock, and Terry takes Graciella and Raymond fishing.
tt0120749
Action,Crime,Drama
The film opens with since 1997 a hostage situation in South Dakota: FBI Agent Art Jeffries (Bruce Willis), as the inside man, protects a teenage boy named James while trying to talk bank robber Edgar Halstrom (Richard Riehle) into surrendering. However, the FBI task force moves in, and in the ensuing firefight James and the robbers are killed. Jeffries confronts his superior, Hartley, who mentions that they must answer to Washington. An infuriated Jeffries punches Hartley in reply. A cryptographic code called "Mercury" was created by the National Security Agency and is allegedly so complex that its creators believe no computer on Earth can decipher it. Originally it was created during the Reagan Administration as a test to keep the United States' highest priority secrets under wraps. One day, the NSA receives a message from a nine-year-old autistic savant with prodigious math abilities named Simon Lynch (Miko Hughes), who calls a telephone number written in the code which was secretly published in a puzzle magazine by two of the creators, Dean Crandell (Robert Stanton) and Leo Pedranski (Bodhi Elfman), to see if anyone could break it. Crandell and Pedranski's division chief, Lt. Colonel Nicholas Kudrow (Alec Baldwin) sees the boy's ability to decipher the code as a grave liability. He dispatches assassin Peter Burrell (Lindsey Lee Ginter) to murder the boy and his parents, Martin (John Carroll Lynch) and Jenny (Kelley Hazen). After shooting Martin and Jenny, Burrell searches the house, fails to find Simon, and leaves at the sound of approaching sirens (Martin was able to call 911 before dying). Jeffries, who has been demoted following a diagnosis of delusional paranoia, is sent to investigate what is initially thought to be a murder-suicide. While investigating the scene, Jeffries finds Simon hiding in a cache of his bedroom closet and takes the boy under his wing. Jeffries begins to realize the difficulty of protecting, let alone questioning, Simon because of his impaired social abilities as a result of his autism, but the Chicago Police Department agree to assign a protection detail to Simon. Burrell tries to kill Simon again at the hospital, but Jeffries stops him. He is then forced to terminate an assassin named Shayes (Peter Stormare) on the Chicago 'L' train. The situation is further complicated by the fact that nobody at the FBI believes Simon is in any danger, and Jeffries is soon framed by the NSA as a kidnapper, with only his best friend and fellow agent Tommy Jordan (Chi McBride) aware that he did not commit the crime, since Jordan had been in contact with Jeffries when the incident began. Jeffries borrows Jordan's car (which Jordan later reports stolen to conceal his involvement) and takes Simon back to his house. Simon again calls the telephone number written in the code and talks to Crandell and Pedranski. When Jeffries confronts them, a conflicted Crandell arranges a meeting via encoded e-mail at the Wrigley Building. The next morning, Jeffries meets a woman named Stacey Siebring (Kim Dickens) in a coffee shop and asks her to watch Simon for him. Jeffries meets Crandell and the two talk and stroll on a busy sidewalk. Crandell tells Jeffries about "Mercury" and Kudrow, then Burrell shoots him from behind and gets away safely. Jeffries returns to the coffee shop, but Simon and Stacey are gone. He goes outside and spots them coming across the street. Stacey says she and Simon have become friends and Simon agrees. Jeffries and Simon then abruptly leave Stacey. Later in the middle of the night, Jeffries and Simon go to Stacey's house, asking for a place to stay. Stacey reluctantly agrees and tells Jeffries that she was going on a business trip to Des Moines to make the rent the next morning. Meanwhile, Pedranski, having learned Crandell's fate, picks up where his friend left off by writing a pair of letters via typewriter: one to Jeffries and the other to the Senate Oversights Committee, revealing Kudrow's unlawful actions. Soon after, Pendranski is murdered by Burrell, who also snatches the letters. However, the assassin neglects to grab the carbon copies Pedranski tossed, which his girlfriend, NSA analyst Emily Lang (Carrie Preston), takes to the FBI. Jordan discreetly arranges for her to meet with Jeffries to show them both the carbon paper used to type the letter, which, being covered in Pedranski's fingerprints, is crucial evidence in its own right. After the meeting with Emily, Jeffries tells Stacey to call anyone for an emergency except the police, who were called off at the last minute, and gives her Jordan's number in case of an emergency. While Jeffries introduces himself to Kudrow at his birthday party and demands that Kudrow leave Simon alone, Jordan, under Jeffries' suggestion, arranges for Simon to go into Witness Protection. After the meeting, Jeffries calls Jordan, who explains that the Witness Protection meeting is going to happen, though they are unaware that their conversation is being monitored by Kudrow. When Jeffries returns and finds Stacey and Simon gone, he learns from Jordan that they are not in any danger and will meet them there, just as Jordan is given an order to head to the FBI director's office. Kudrow tries to have FBI SAC (Special Agent in Charge) Joe Lomax (Kevin Conway) help turn the tables on Jeffries by using his authority and the fact that Jordan arranged the Witness Protection under false pretenses. He plans to have the NSA take over the protection for the meeting location. After Kudrow leaves, Jordan shows the evidence to Lomax and despite his initial doubts, Jordan confirms that the fingerprint markings on it were Pedranski's, now fully validating the evidence against Kudrow. Jeffries, with Jordan and a small FBI task force's help, sets a trap at the meeting spot. During the battle, Jordan protects Stacey, and the FBI team takes on Burrell, who is killed, trying to escape, when the windows blow out slashing his face open. Jeffries and Kudrow fight on the roof during which Simon walks to the edge of the roof and grabs Kudrow's gun, giving it to Jeffries and allowing him to take control as Jordan and the team come in. In a last-ditch effort to get his victim back, Kudrow grabs Simon, is explosion shoot fire gun on Kudrow at injuries scar by Jeffries, and subsequently falls to his death building blood destroyed fatal lounge collapsed. The film ends with the next morning jefferys visits simon now living with foster parents at his. He embraces the agent as a welcome friend, having finally accepted him as a person he trusts screen fades to black and the film close with closing credits. The End
tt0192614
Action,Crime,Drama
Lucas "Luke" McNamara (Joshua Jackson) is a working class former delinquent attending university and hoping to be recruited in to the elite secret society known as the Skulls so he can move on to Law School with their financial help. His friends are his roommate Will Beckord (Hill Harper), who is studying journalism and writes for the school paper and Chloe Whitfield (Leslie Bibb), a girl he hasn't admitted his true feelings for thinking her out of his league. Lucas get "tapped" to join the Skulls and during the initiation meets Caleb Mandrake (Paul Walker) and the two steal the weather vain mascot of the Snake & Skeleton society as part of their test. As part of the accepting ceremony, Lucas and Caleb become "Soul Mates", partners and bothers in the society. It is revealed that Caleb is the son of the current Skull head chairman Litten Mandrake (Craig T. Nelson). During a lavish party on the Skulls island Lucas befriends Senator Ames Levitt (William Petersen) who happens to be Mandrake's "soul mate", but there is tension between the two. Will, the roommate, is hurt that Lucas must now keep secrets from him and breaks into the Skulls chamber by stealing Caleb's key and rule book in order to write a story about the society. Caleb confronts Will there and as Will tries to escape he falls from a Dias and breaks his neck. The Society, directed by Mandrake, cover up Wills death to look like a suicide hanging but Lucas begins to suspect Caleb of murder when he finds Caleb's rule book among Will's things. Lucas recruits his old delinquent friends to help him infiltrate the society and find where the surveillance tapes from the night of Will died are being held. Caleb confronts Lucas back at his dorm room and warns Lucas not to go digging into what happened as the Skulls are always listening and watching, the rooms are bugged, and he is putting himself and even Chloe in danger. Caleb explains how it was an accident that Will fell down. Meanwhile, the Skulls Chairmen meet and Mandrake calls a vote to secretly remove Lucas from the society by forcefully admitting him into one of their mental hospitals. The vote is defeated by Senator Levitt who feels the society is taking measures too drastic, but he is blackmailed by Mandrake into passing the vote. Chloe and Lucas stage a public scene at school so the Skulls will think they are no longer acquainted and Chloe will be safe. Back in Chloe's room she admits to Lucas that she loves him. Lucas steals the surveillance tape from the Skull's archives and is chased down by Martin Lombard (Christopher MacDonald), a Skull member on the school's faculty and his goon. Lucas gets away with the help of Chloe and his friends and they review the tape, seeing that after Caleb left the scene at his father's direction and thinking Will dead, Will was actually still alive but he was then killed by Lombard by Mandrake's orders. Lucas brings the tape to Detective Sparrow (Steve Harris) who is in charge of Will's death's case. At that moment, Caleb is just leaving the police stating, having told the police that Lucas killed Will and covered it up. Upon reviewing the tape with authorities, it appears to be blank and Lucas suspects Detective Sparrow of switching the tapes and being under the control of the Skulls. Lucas is arrested and placed in a psychiatric hospital. Senator Levitt helps Chloe rescue Lucas, nearly comatose from medication, from the hospital. He leaves them to their own devices with the words "we live by the rules, we die by the rules". Chloe and Lucas are chased down by Lombard who is about to shoot Lucas when he himself is shot by Detective Sparrow who followed them from the hospital and is working for Senator Levitt. Lucas figures out that the Senator was telling him to use the Skulls rules to resolve the matter and heads to the Skulls island where the initiates are undergoing the last phase before being accepted as full members. Once there Lucas challenges Caleb to a duel, Mandrake tries to stop it but as Senator Levitt points out, he is bound to abide by the Skulls rules and they supersede all others. With pistols in hand, now loaded, Lucas attempts to reason with Caleb to admit to what happened to the congregated members and shake off his father's influence. Lucas drops down his gun and Caleb hesitates to shoot, spurring Mandrake to grab a pistol aiming at Lucas. Caleb shoots his father in the shoulder to stop him and as the members crowd around Mandrake, Caleb attempts to shoot himself but is stopped by Lucas. In the aftermath, Lucas is asked by Senator Levitt to assist him in leading the Skulls now that the Senator will become head Chairman. Lucas refuses "the honour", realizing he was used by the Senator and states he will risk the consequences of leaving the society behind him. Lucas leaves the island and meets back up with Chole, walking off together.
tt0260866
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
In 1991,a group of theives steal a rare $10 million gem,but in the process,2 of the lads double cross their leader,Patrick(Sean Bean),and take off with the precious stone. Ten years later,on the day before Thanksgiving,prominent private practice Manhattan child psychiatrist,Dr. Nathan R. Conrad,(Michael Douglas), is invited by his friend and former collegue Dr. Louis Sachs,(Oliver Platt),to examine a disturbed young lady named Elisabeth(Brittany Murphy),at the state sanatorium. Having been released on November 4, Patrick's gang breaks into an apartment which overviews Conrad's family apartment,including his wife Aggie(Famke Janssen),who has a broken leg from a skiing accident,and bright kid Jessie(Skye McCole Bartusiak), who has learned some of her father's psychological tricks. That evening.Patrick kidnaps Nathan's daughter-while Detective Sandra Cassidy(Jennifer Esposito), is called to investigate the unexplained murders of the driver and his sister of Patrick's gang 4 days earlier. The next morning Patrick forces Nathan to attempt during the holiday,to get Elisabeth to reveal a secret 6-digit number,which will ultimately lead Patrick to the whereabouts of the precious gem that has eluded him,so he and his gang can enjoy the life of luxury they all had hoped for.
tt0155776
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
In the opening scene, we are introduced to four high school girls whom are blessed with beauty and charisma. They are known as the "Flawless Four" who are the most popular girls in Reagan High School in southern California. The clique consists of Courtney Shayne (Rose McGowan) known as Satan-in-heels; Marcie Fox (Julie Benz) known as 'Foxy'; Julie Freeman (Rebecca Gayheart); and Elizabeth Purr (Charlotte Ayanna), known as the "Princess Di of Reagan High." Of the four, Elizabeth Purr was the only one who was genuinely kind-hearted and loved by the entire school. Julie was "doomed to be popular because of 'that face' and because she was best friends with Elizabeth Purr". Cold-blooded queen bee Courtney and her airheaded friend, Marcie, demand respect through terror. However, Courtney, Marcie and Julie play a mindless prank on Liz the morning of her seventeenth birthday, by performing a fake kidnapping: They surprise Liz in bed, bind her with ropes (with Courtney ramming a jawbreaker candyball into her mouth to gag her) and cover it with duct tape. The girls trap Liz, dressed only in a shirt and panties, in the trunk of a car, as she struggles and squeals through her gag, and drive off. They plan to take the bound, gagged, and helpless girl to a restaurant and "stuff her face with pancakes". However, upon opening the trunk, they are greeted with the grisly sight of Liz dead, having choked to death by aspirating the jawbreaker into her larynx. Horrified, Julie wants to go to the police but Courtney forbids her. Instead, Courtney calls the school pretending to be Liz's mother and tells them Liz is ill and cannot attend school. To keep up appearances, Courtney, Marcie and Julie then go to school as though nothing had happened. When the principal sends school outcast Fern Mayo (Judy Greer) to deliver Liz's homework at the end of the day, she stumbles upon the three girls and Liz's mangled and decomposing body. Out of jealousy, Courtney fabricates a story that Liz died at the hands of a rapist, and plots to tarnish Liz's good reputation by spreading false rumors that she was actually a rebellious, promiscuous girl, and not the perfect angel she made herself out to be. Fern, who had admired Liz to the point of hero worship, is appalled and attempts to flee the house, but the girls easily catch her. To buy Fern's silence, Courtney accepts Fern into the clique, telling her to take Liz's place. Courtney and Marcie then give her a makeover, transforming her from plain and awkward to elegant and beautiful. Later in the school cafeteria, Courtney introduces Fern as the beautiful exchange student "Vylette." Julie, overwhelmed by guilt at her part in Liz's death, distances herself from the clique, only to be shunned and tormented by her former friends and becomes a new target for abuse throughout the school. Her only real friend during this time is her drama student boyfriend, Zack. Meanwhile, a police detective, Vera Cruz (Pam Grier) begins investigating Liz's death after her body was discovered by her parents who arrived home from a long vacation. With some cooperation from the wary principal Ms. Sherwood (Carol Kane), Detective Cruz interogates all of Liz's friends (Courtney, Marcie, and Julie included). All of them deny knowing anything about Liz's death. Fern/Vylette however comes across as suspicious due to her demeanor. But without any evidence, Cruz allows 'Vylette' to remain free. As Vylette's popularity soars, Julie watches in mute horror as Courtney spins a relentless web of lies, trickery and manipulation to cover up the murder and maintain her popularity at the school. A few days later, Julie learns from Detective Cruz (to her disgust) that after they'd returned Liz's corpse to her house, Courtney went out and seduced a stranger (Marilyn Manson) at a sleazy bar and had sex with him in Liz's bed, making it seem as though he had raped Liz. Meanwhile, Vylette becomes intoxicated with her newfound popularity, which has eclipsed Courtney's own. Realizing she has created a monster, Courtney threatens to reveal the truth about Vylette if she doesn't stop showing off, but Vylette vows she will reveal the whole truth about Liz's death if Courtney attempts to expose her. The next day, an infuriated Courtney and Marcie post enlarged yearbook photos of Fern Mayo all over the school with the message "Who is Vylette?" written on them, revealing Vylette's true identity. Fern is thoroughly humiliated by the entire school and once again reduced to an outcast. Feeling no remorse for the lives she has destroyed, Courtney casually attends the senior prom with her boyfriend, jock Dane Sanders (Ethan Erickson). Julie takes pity on Fern and forgives her for falling under Courtney's influence. Later that night as she sulks in her room, going through a bag of Liz's belongings that were given to her, Julie finds the recording card she was fiddling with when Courtney was faking Liz's death and discovers it has incidentally recorded Courtney's admission to the murder. Struck with an idea, Julie, Fern and Zack all hurry to the prom. Upon seeing them, Courtney, Marcie and a few of their lackeys call Julie and Fern names and try to embarrass them, but it backfires when the girls completely ignore their taunts and go on with their plan. Later on, as Dane and Courtney are announced as Prom King and Queen, Zack sneaks backstage and broadcasts the card message, "I killed Liz! I killed the teen dream! Deal with it!", over the sound system while Courtney is making her acceptance speech. Dane (seized with shock and disgust over the revelation) quickly abandons Courtney. Marcie also runs and hides to distance herself from Courtney. Horrified that her scheme has become unraveled, she races for the exit as the rest of the students pelt her with corsages and call her a murderer. Awaiting Courtney at the very end of the mob is Julie, who gleefully snaps a picture of her former friend's anguished face to immortalize the occasion.
tt0303933
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Nick Cannon plays a talented drummer(snare) who is recruited to college. He impresses the Band Director with his talent, and is offered an opportunity to play with a band that has been finishing 2nd in a National competition. Since a large part of a successful outcome depends on the quality of the drum section, the director feels that he may be the "missing key" to land them the 1st place trophy. The band director is under a lot of pressure from the schools administrator to win the National competition this year - the implication being that he is out if he doesn't. Canon's character Devon is a bold, brash young man and immediately causes tension with the Section Leader. Although Devon isn't given a starting position in the band, he feels that he deserves it. Additional tension ensues as Devon is constantly challenging and attempting to show up or embarress the leader. Devon learns that he may be able to make it onto the starting squad by issuing a challenge, and then winning in a one on one challenge. There's just one hitch - Devon doesn't read music. He's managed to compensate so far by utilizing a near photographic memory and combining that with his almost savant talent to get by. He quite often just riffs, or plays combinations of drum sequences that he has memorized over time. There is a small sub-plot where the director of the number one band attempts to "bribe" Devon to switch schools and come play for him. Additionally there is a little time devoted to a romance angle that doesn't affect the story line. Devon finally demonstrates to the section leader that he is worthy of "starting" while additionally earning the leaders respect. The day of the big National competition arrives. Devon has committed an infraction that prevents him from starting. After all the bands have competed there is an announcement that there is a tie - you guessed it - between the number one band(that attempted to recruit Devon) and Devon's school. A "drum-off' is announced. The drum sections from each band will meet on the field and compete one at a time directly against each other. The band director asks Devon if he would like to see what it would be like to play on the field next year - then tells Devon to suit-up and go out and play in the drum-off. The two competing drum lines tradeoff playing times and for their last performance the number one band marches literally right into Devon and his drum line's face and plays on their drums in addition to their own - ending with tossing their drum sticks right at Devon's drum line. Devon's section responds in kind - even to the point of dropping their sticks on the drums of the number one band....then from out of nowhere they all pull out additional sticks and complete an additonal -"in your face" drum ending. After the two performances, tension ensues and the director makes use of all his cameras by showing the anticipation of all the participants and their supporters. The number one director is strutting and telling his staff that they won, when the annoucement is made that Devon's band won. The end credits include both some repeat scenes and some addtional cut scenes - some humourous - the others of the drumming.
tt0160399
Drama,Mystery,Sci-Fi
In the year 2079, planet Earth has been at war for the last 45 years after it was attacked by a hostile and implacable alien civilization from the Alpha Centauri system. Force shield domes are put in place to protect cities from frequent and incoming meteors from the aliens, and a totalitarian global military government is established to effect the war and the survival of human race. The enemy aliens, called Centaurians, have never been physically seen (nor are they ever seen on camera). Spencer Olham (Gary Sinese), a designer of top-secret government weapons, goes to work for a typical Monday. He is arrested by Major D.H. Hathaway (Vincent D'Onofrio) of the Earth Security Administration (ESA), after somehow being identified as a replicant created by the aliens. The ESA intercepted an alien transmission which cryptanalysts decoded as programming Olham's target to be the Chancellor (Lindsay Crouse), whom he was scheduled to meet later that day. Such replicants are perfect biological copies of existing humans, complete with transplanted memories, and do not know they are replicants. Each has a powerful "U-bomb" in their chest in the shape and appearance of a human heart, which is programmed to detonate only when the android replicant is close to its target. The alien-made bomb is undetectable with standard X-ray and ultra-sound scanners. The bomb can only be detected by physical dissection... thus killing the replicant. Major Hathaway begins interrogating Olham. As he's about to drill out his chest to find the bomb, Olham breaks loose and escapes from the facility, accidentally killing his friend Nelson (Tony Shalhoub) in the process. With the help of underground scavenger Cale (Mekhi Phifer), Olham avoids capture and becomes a fugitive from the law as well as all the persons and neighbors he thought he trusted over the next 12 hours. With the help of Cale, Olham must find a way to prove his innocence and that he is not an alien replicant. That evening, with the help of Cale, Olham sneaks into the hospital where his wife Maya (Madeleine Stowe), who works as an administrator, to get a high-tech scan of his entire body in order to prove he's not a replicant. Cale helps Olham in order to get medical supplies for his people whom live in a shantytown slum of the city. But the scan is interrupted by security forces before it can deliver the answer with his chest scan incomplete. Never the less, Cale helps Olham escape from the hospital, while he and Olham go their separate ways with Cale having gotten the medical supplies and medicine needed for the people in the shantytown. Olham and his wife are eventually captured by Hathaway's troops in a forest outside the city near an alien crash site, close to the spot where they sneaked out of the city where they spent a romantic weekend just one week before Olham's arrest. Inside the ship they discover the corpse of the real Maya, and Hathaway shoots the replicant before she can detonate. Hathaway thinks he has killed the true impostor, but as his men move debris away from the Centauri ship, the real Spencer's body is revealed. At that moment, the shocked Olham realizes aloud that he really is an alien replicant all along, as well as his wife. But before Hathaway can react, Olham's secondary trigger (his awareness of what he truly is) detonates his U-bomb, destroying himself, Hathaway, his troops, and everything else in a wide area... in a large and fiery nuclear explosion. In the final scene, the news announces that Hathaway and the Olhams were killed in an alien attack, as if the government was covering up the truth, or didn't know what actually happened. Cale wonders if he ever really knew Olham's true identity.
tt0139414
Action,Comedy,Horror
In Lincoln County, Maine, a marine Fish and Game officer is attacked and bitten in half by something unseen in Black Lake. Sheriff Hank Keough (Brendan Gleeson), Fish and Game officer Jack Wells (Bill Pullman), American Museum of Natural History paleontologist Kelly Scott (Bridget Fonda), and mythology professor/crocodile enthusiast Hector Cyr (Oliver Platt) go to the lake to investigate. A series of strange events occur, including Kelly and Hank's canoe mysteriously flying into the air and flipping, the discovery of a severed toe and a severed Moose head, and the decapitation of a Fish and Game deputy. Later, as Hank and Hector argue, a giant saltwater crocodile leaps out of the water and drags a nearby bear into the lake. Jack, Kelly, and Hank visit Delores Bickerman (Betty White), one of few people living on the lake. After finding the deputy's severed head, they witness her feeding a blindfolded cow to the enormous crocodile. Delores reveals that she has been feeding the crocodile for years after it followed her husband home. It eventually killed him. She is placed under house arrest for initially lying to the police. Hector decides to take one of Hank's deputies (Meredith Salenger) on a trip in the helicopter, and lands the helicopter in the cove where the crocodile lives. While he is diving, it attacks him, but he escapes. Jack and Hank plan to allow Florida Fish and Game to kill the crocodile when they arrive, but Hector suggests instead that he lure it out of the water and drug it. Jack reluctantly accepts the proposal, and they use one of Delores' cows, dangled from the helicopter, as bait. After a few hours, the crocodile lunges at the cow. Hector pulls up, loses the cow, and crashes the helicopter into the lake. The crocodile comes on land and attacks Jack and Kelly. Kelly is knocked into the lake, but she makes it to the helicopter just in time. Despite Hector and Kelly's protests to let the animal live, Jack grabs a gun and shoots it. The gun is revealed to be a tranquilizer rifle. As Hector comes out of the water, a second crocodile attacks him, but Hank blows it up with his grenade launcher. Florida Fish and Game officers arrive seconds later. They load the crocodile on a truck and take it to Portland, Maine to figure out what to do with it. The last scene shows Delores feeding bread crumbs to many baby crocodiles, implying the two adults were a mating pair. During the end credits, the surviving adult crocodile is seen tied to the back of a flat-bed truck, speeding down a road
tt0240515
Comedy
Unemployed 28-year-old cartoonist Gordon "Gord" Brody leaves his parents' home in Portland, Oregon, to pursue his lifelong ambition of obtaining a contract for an animated television series. His parents give him a car in which he drives to Los Angeles and starts work at a cheese sandwich factory. Gord shows his drawings to Dave Davidson, the CEO of a major animation studio; Davidson tells him that the artwork is really good, but that the concepts depicted, including a vigilante "X-Ray Cat", are nonsensical. Disheartened, Gord quits his job and returns to his parents. Gord's father Jim constantly insults and belittles him following his return, telling him to forget about being an animator and "get a job". When Gord pressures his friend Darren into skating on a wooden half-pipe he has built outside the Brody home, Darren falls and breaks his leg. At the hospital, Gord impersonates a doctor, delivers a baby, and meets an attractive nurse named Betty, who uses a wheelchair, has an obsessive penchant for fellatio, and wants to create a rocket-powered wheelchair. Gord lies to Jim that he has got a job and goes out to a restaurant with Betty, pretending he is at work. However, Jim sees him there, and also disparages Betty due to her disabilities. After a fight in the restaurant, Gord is arrested and bailed out by Betty. Following her advice, Gord attempts to continue drawing, however he gets into an argument with Jim, who then smashes Gord's half-pipe. Gord and his parents then go to a family therapy session, where Gord falsely accuses Jim of "fingering" Gord's younger brother, Freddy. The 25-year-old Freddy is sent to a home for sexually molested children while Gord's mother Julie leaves Jim, and ends up dating the basketball player Shaquille O'Neal. While in a drunken stupor, Jim tells Gord how much of a disappointment he is to him. Affected by Jim's words, Gord decides to abandon his aspirations to be a cartoonist and gets a job at a local sandwich shop. After seeing a television news report on Betty's successful rocket-powered wheelchair, Gord is inspired to pursue his dreams once again. He returns to Hollywood with a concept based on his relationship with his father: an animated series called Zebras in America. Jim follows him there after threatening Darren into revealing where he had gone. While Gord is pitching the show to Davidson, Jim bursts in and trashes Davidson's office. Thinking Jim's actions are part of Gord's pitch, Davidson greenlights Zebras in America and gives Gord a million-dollar check. Gord spends a quarter of that money on an elaborate thank you to Betty for inspiring him, and the remainder to relocate the Brody house to Pakistan with his father inside, unconscious - a response to Jim's earlier put-down that "If this were Pakistan, you would have been sewing soccer balls when you were four years old!" Gord and Jim soon come to terms, but are then abducted and held hostage. The kidnapping becomes a news item, as Gord's series has already become popular. After 18 months in captivity, Gord and Jim return to America, where a huge crowd, including Betty, welcomes them home.
tt0299930
Comedy,Crime,Romance
Larry Gigli (Ben Affleck) is a low-ranking Los Angeles mobster who is not nearly as tough as he likes to act. Louis (Lenny Venito), a higher-ranking member of Gigli's organization, commands Gigli to kidnap the mentally challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to use as a bargaining chip to save New York-based mob boss Starkman (Al Pacino) from prison. Gigli successfully convinces the young man, Brian (Justin Bartha), to go off with him by promising to take him "to the Baywatch", apparently a reference to the television show of that name, which seems to be Brian's singular obsession. Louis does not trust Gigli to get the job done right, so he hires a woman calling herself Ricki (Jennifer Lopez) to take charge. Gigli is attracted to Ricki, but he resents both Louis' lack of faith in him and having to take orders from a woman. He is also frustrated by Brian's insistence on going to "the Baywatch" and by the fact that Ricki is a lesbian. A suspicious detective (Christopher Walken) comes to the apartment to question Gigli in reference to Brian's disappearance. Gigli is further annoyed when his mother (Lainie Kazan) takes an immediate liking to Ricki and when the two women team up to needle him. The events take a darker turn when Gigli and Ricki receive orders to cut off Brian's thumb, something that neither wants to do. Worse, Ricki's ex-girlfriend, Robin (Missy Crider), shows up at Gigli's apartment, accusing Ricki of changing sexual orientation and attempting suicide by slitting her wrists and is rushed to the hospital, where she thankfully survives. While there, Gigli sneaks into the morgue and cuts off a corpse's thumb, which he sends to the prosecutor as Brian's thumb. Gigli and Ricki go back to Gigli's apartment, where Gigli confesses his love and the two sleep together. They are summoned to meet with the mob's boss. Starkman reveals that he did not approve of the plan to kidnap a federal prosecutor's brother or the order to cut off Brian's thumb. He nevertheless rages at them because the thumb they sent didn't match Brian's fingerprint, and therefore not only failed to increase pressure on the prosecutor but even undermined the organization's credibility. Starkman then kills Louis, presumably in retaliation for the kidnapping and associated scrutiny by law enforcement. Starkman is about to kill Ricki and Gigli as well, but Ricki talks him out of it by pointing out that only they know where Brian is and only they can silence Brian and prevent him from revealing the involvement of Starkman's organization in the kidnapping or even accusing Starkman of having been personally involved. They leave Starkman's, decide to leave the mob, and discuss taking Brian back to where they found him. On the way, they discover Baywatch (or a similarly themed show or film) shooting an episode on the beach. Brian begs to be let off there and finally they consent. Gigli convinces Ricki to take his car to escape to parts unknown; but at the last minute, Ricki returns to pick up Gigli, and they leave town together.
tt0251114
Drama,War
Belgium, December 16, 1944: First Lieutenant Thomas Hart (Farrell) is captured by German commandos during the opening of the Battle of the Bulge. Taken to a local prison, his boots are confiscated and he is left naked in a cell. Threatened with frostbite and pneumonia, he is coerced into divulging intelligence to his German interrogator. He and many other Americans are later transferred by train to a prisoner of war camp. While en route, a flight of P-51 Mustangs attack the station. Since the painted letters POW on the top of the train are covered by thick snow, the Mustangs fire on the train, causing some of the POWs to be killed by friendly fire. To save themselves, the POWs leave the train, spell POW with their bodies, and prevent further strafing. After arriving at the camp, Hart is debriefed by the ranking American officer, Colonel William McNamara (Willis). When McNamara asks if he cooperated with the Germans after he was captured, Hart denies it. McNamara knows this to be a lie, since he knows Hart was held for three days after seeing only a Level 1 interrogator. He does not reveal this to Hart and sends him to bunk in a barracks for enlisted men, rather than allow him to bunk with the other officers. Two Tuskegee Airmen are brought to the camp, Second Lieutenants, Lincoln A. Scott (Howard) and Lamar T. Archer (Vicellous Reon Shannon). They are the only blacks in the platoon, and their situation is compounded by their status as officers. Staff Sergeant Vic W. Bedford (Cole Hauser), a vicious racist, is their primary antagonist. Later, a spike from the fence, which could be used as a weapon, is found in Archer's bunk. The Germans drag him out, and, as he stands proud and defiant, shoot him, claiming that he was trying to escape. Directly after that, a radio used by the Americans to receive coded messages via the BBC is found and destroyed. Bedford is himself later found dead. Scott is seen standing over the body and is accused of killing him in revenge for Bedford framing Archer. A law student at Yale before the war, Hart is appointed by McNamara to defend the accused pilot at his court-martial, a trial to which the camp commandant, Oberst Werner Visser (Marcel Iures), agrees. Visser gives Hart a manual on US Army court-martial proceedings, furthering the conflict between him and McNamara when he uses the rule book to question the Colonel's conducting of the trial. On the witness stand, the angered Scott gives an emotional address on the treatment of Blacks like himself who joined up to serve their country with honor but are treated with disrespect in return. Late one night, Hart notices a fellow POW acting suspiciously and follows him to a room behind the theater where the trial is taking place. There he discovers a tunnel being dug. McNamara reveals to Hart that the "defense", like the trial itself, is a sham, an elaborate distraction to hide a planned escape and attack on a nearby ammunition plant which the Allies mistakenly believe to be a shoe factory. It is revealed that Bedford planted the spike in Archer's bunk, and, in return for the guards executing him for it, gave them the location of the secret radio. It is also revealed that Bedford planned to escape with forged German documents, money and clothes, likely in return for telling the Germans about McNamara's plan. McNamara realized this and killed Bedford to prevent it. Hart is shocked that McNamara as a senior officer would sacrifice fellow Americans to perpetuate this. McNamara reminds Hart that they are at war, and in war sometimes one man must be sacrificed to save the lives of many. Hart acknowledges this, but retorts that it is McNamara's duty to ensure that he, not Scott, is the sacrifice. Disgusted, McNamara says that Hart knows nothing about duty, in reference to how Hart gave in to a Level 1 interrogator after three days, whereas McNamara was tortured for a month. On the last day of the trial, McNamara and 34 others feign food poisoning in order to be excused from the closing arguments. They then slip down the escape tunnel. As he is about to go down, McNamara overhears Hart's closing speech. In order to save Scott, Hart announces that he killed Bedford. Visser orders everyone out and announces that Hart will be shot there and then. After the head count is short by 35 prisoners, Visser suspects an escape plot and locates the tunnel. Now fully aware of the deception, he furiously orders everybody involved in the trial to be shot. But before the sentence is carried out, McNamara, moved by Hart's selfless sacrifice, voluntarily returns to the camp to accept responsibility. At that moment the factory blows up and the other escapees scatter away. Visser holds McNamara accountable and personally executes him on the spot, sparing the remaining prisoners. Scott leads the salute to McNamara's dead body. Three months later, the German army surrenders to the Allies and the prison camp is liberated.
tt0396652
Comedy,Drama,Family
The movie opens with Casey (Michelle Trachtenberg) skating on a backyard rink at her house. Her mom (Joan Cusak) calls her in, but she wants to stay out for just a bit longer. We then see Casey in Science class. The teacher is cooking toast over a Bunsen burner, and offers a slice to Casey. When she accepts, you know she's a science geek. The teacher suggests that she go for a scholarship, and should do a research project to improve her chances of winning. He suggests that it be technical, yet personal. After class, Casey is discussing the project with her math geek friend, and another girl surprisingly calls them over and offers Casey an invitation to a party. Casey is flattered until the girl asks Casey to give the invitation to a guy in her science class. It appears we've just encountered the enemy. Casey and her Math geek friend Ann (Amy Stewart) discuss the research project, and they decide that the physics of figure skating would be a great topic. Casey shows up at the rink and admires the trophies and photographs of synchronized skating teams, and what appears to be an older picture of coach Tina (Kim Cattrall). She pulls out her video camera as the skaters take to the ice. Suddenly coach Tina shows up and starts yelling at her for spying. She is accused of being associated with skaters from another club, and is checking on the competition. Apparently the competition is stiff at the upcoming regionals, and only the top 4 skaters will make it to the sectional championships. Tina comments that the CIA used to train figure skaters as spies. Casey explains that this is for a science project, but Tina asks for more proof. She pulls out her notebook, which is checked out by Zamboni-Guy Teddy (Trevor Blumas). He sees pages of complex physics equations, and jokingly tells coach Tina that she is a spy! She's got a secret code book! Tina agrees to let her film, if it is okay with the parents. The parents of the three star junior skaters reluctantly agree. Gen (Hayden Panettiere), the nasty girl who was earlier handing out the invitations, turns out to be one of the skaters, and coach Tina is her mom! She warns Casey that if a picture of her falling on her butt shows up at school, Casey is dead meat. Casey videos Gen, as well as Nikki, the short-but-spunky red-head, and the graceful Tiffany. Casey puts her project together, but she and her math geek friend agree that it is lacking something. It needs more passion. Casey wants to try to apply her research to herself. She asks Tina about signing up at the skating club. Tina looks down her nose at her, and tells her that there is a beginner program starting soon. She'll have to skate 3 times a week, and the cost is $800. Casey is determined, and gets a job at the rink's snack bar. She takes various abuse from the younger patrons ("She breathed on my hot dog!"), as well as Gen, Nikki and Tiffany. When the 3 girls buy lunch (a hamburger patty - hold the bun for Tiffany, and a salad with only lettuce, garbanzo beans, and a bit of cheese for Gen), she gives them the price, along with all the permutations and combinations of the prices added up. Spunky red-head Nikki tells her she can keep the change if she'll stop doing that! Casey joins the lesson group, and is slammed by the 6 and 7 year old kids. After one lesson, Casey is watching the smooth ice laid down by the Zamboni. She sneaks onto the ice, and finds she can skater much nicer on the smooth ice. She is caught by Teddy, who yells at her. She explains that she's only ever skated on the rough ice of her pond. They share a laugh, and next thing you know, it's almost test day for the beginners. Casey wasn't planning on going for the test, but changed her mind. Tina gives her one of her old skating costumes to wear. Casey knows she has a conflict - a Harvard applicant party - that is expected to wrap up just before the test is scheduled to start. We see that Casey's mom is a professor, and has high expectations for her daughter. She has Casey practice her lines prior to the party - why she likes Harvard, and why she loves physics, however we can see that Casey is not into it. Mom has bought Casey a lovely new outfit for the party - a skirt and blouse with a tweed jacket. Mom is very much a feminist who doesn't believe in skimpy skating dresses. Luckily she doesn't find out that Casey is wearing her skating dress underneath her business attire. Casey makes it to the skating test just in time. The beginner skating kids skate as a group to a song. Casey leads them through some basic steps, then throws in a few much more complex moves, including a double jump. The kids get their test results. They all passed that level, but Casey has skipped 2 levels to Junior, which is the same as the three star skaters. The kids are excited for Casey saying that skipping levels is virtually unheard of. Casey asks Tina about joining the group. Tina says no - because she doesn't have the determination nor the money to get new $600 skates plus blades, take ballet, and private ice time. Looks like Casey is down for the count. She has no hope of making the money necessary to pull this off - until her science teacher tells her that her project is so good she could make some money from it. Casey studies the skaters weaknesses, realizes she can help and approaches the 3 Junior skaters, and tells them that she can help them improve their weak areas that need adjustment. Nikki (now known as the Jumping Shrimp, which her mom copyrighted) denies that she has any faults, but in the end, they all listen to Casey, and their programs improve. Casey has her video camera, laptop, and finite element analysis software at the rink, and is pointing out what each is doing wrong. They are impressed, and Casey is welcomed into their world. She trains hard, doing ballet, working out at the gym, and trying to get her homework done late into the night. One Saturday, Gen is fighting with mom Tina. She wants to go out, but mom says no. She's got a 5:30am practice the next day, and she won't sparkle if she's out late. Gen asks if she can go out with Casey. Mom says yes. Gen suggests they take in a movie but takes Casey to a wild party instead. Casey protests she is not dressed for a party. Gen being quite nice, and helps Casey with her hair. Casey doesn't know anyone and Gen introduces her to a hockey player and makes it appear they have something in common. However she quickly abandons her to be with her boyfriend, Brian. Casey tries small talk, but he runs away when she starts babbling physics equations. Things are not going well, but then Zamboni Guy show up! She and Teddy hit it off and she finds out that he is Tina's son. Before you know it, the Regional championship has arrived. The four skaters, their parents and coaches all ride in a bus to the out-of-town location. Casey's mom is not there. The night before, Casey got found with her skates and costume in her bag and she and her mom had a fight. Her mom wants her to ditch skating, but Casey has realized she loves it, and wants to compete at regionals. So, she sets out the next morning although her mom is dead against it. When she arrives at the van outside Harwood Skating Club, the girls are psyching each other out, but at least they explain what's going on to Casey. They certainly don't see her as a threat. At the competition, they meet Zoey Bloch, the skate thief. Apparently she steals other girls skates to wreck their programs. She looks at Casey's skates (garage sale specials), and figures there's not much to worry about here. The girls perform well. After the short program, the Jumping Shrimp is in first, Zoey is second, Tiffany is third, Gen is forth, and Casey is fifth. Everyone is surprised at how well Casey did and Gen tells Casey that she has a chance to knock her out of fourth position, which Tina overhears. Remember, the top four will get to go to the Junior Sectional championships. Casey's blade is coming loose on one of her old skates. They are obviously on their last legs. Tina pulls out her credit card, and buys new skates and blades for Casey. Wow. Thinking that Tina is being generous and supportive, and wants Casey to do well, she accepts the gift. However during the program, Casey falls and the new skates cause major blister trouble (the bloody foot scene may be too intense for younger children). Zoey ends up first, followed by Nikki, Tiffany, Gen, and Casey is still in fifth. In the locker room, Zoey notices the new skates (she would - she is the Skate Thief), and asks about them. She can't believe that Casey would skate in brand new skates for the first time at a competition and proceed to tell her that it takes at least 10 days to break them in. She figures that Tina must have done that to mess up Casey's long program, and ensure that Gen would make it into the top 4 to qualify for Sectionals. Casey uncharacteristically (ie: stupidly) accuses Tina, Gen, and Teddy of conspiring against her, when Gen and Teddy knew nothing of Tina's plans, as Tina was the only one who saw Casey as a threat to her own daughter's chances. Casey is mad and frustrated, and calls her mom to come and get her. Tina and Casey's Mom exchange words when Casey is picked up from the competition. We find out that mom and Tina go way back. Tina was the prom queen, and stood for everything that mom hates. Gen is not happy. She is fed up with pressure of skating. One day at school, she tries to talk to Casey to convince her that she wasn't involved in her mom's "new skates" sabotage, but Casey brushes her off and walks around the corner of the hallway. Just then Tina marches in to yell at Gen for being late for practice. Those in the school halls are forced to scatter after Tina bawls out the gawkers. Gen tells her Mom how she really feels about skating and tells her mom that she is quitting. Tina leaves and Gen finds a wall to slide down so she can cry. Casey walks up. Gen asks if she heard what happened. Casey did and realizes they are still friends. Gen tells Casey that she will inherit fourth place, and will be able to skate at the upcoming sectional championships. However, Casey tells Gen that she won't take that "slot", because Harvard is her "slot". Casey is pondering this as she sits through her Harvard entrance interview. She tell the interviewer that she was passionate about skating, and that helped her with her project. He asks her why she is passionate about Harvard. She stops, thinks, and says that she'd rather skate than go to Harvard. The interviewer reminds her that there is no rescheduling or second chance. The interview is over. Mom is devastated that she blew the chance and doesn't understand her daughter. They exchange words. Mom accuses her of giving up her dream. Casey replies that she is giving up Mom's dream in order to follow her true dream. Casey is reduced to skating back on the pond at home. She just can't do the jumps any more, as the ice is too rough. But wait! What's that? It's Teddy driving the Zamboni down the lane to smooth her backyard rink. She understands that he didn't know about Tina's cruel plan. They're friends again. Now Casey has to prepare for Sectionals. There is still a problem. Casey, up to this point, has been skating without a coach. She approaches Tina, and asks for 5 minutes of her time. Casey asks Tina why she gave up skating. Casey says "You're a coach with no student, and I'm a student with no coach." Tina agrees to coach Casey for the big Sectional Championships. Casey's mom accuses her of becoming just like Tina, of wanting to tell lies and be glamorous and feel beautiful. Casey asks Mom why she is jealous of Tina, and asks her to come watch her skate just once. Mom refuses and walks out. Mom and Casey barely talk to each other for two months. Cut to Sectionals, where Michelle Kwan and Brian Boitano are commenting for ESPN. After the short program, Zoey is in first place, Jumping Shrimp Nikki is second, and Casey is in fourth. Casey is happy to be in fourth, but Tina is not and criticizes her performance. As soon as Tina leaves the room, Gen walks in and encourages Casey. Mom is teaching a class, but keeps looking at the clock. As the long program skating starts, Tina gives Casey earplugs and tells her to "go into the bubble". Just before Casey's turn to skate, she tries to call Mom at home, but gets the answering machine. Casey is the last person to skate. Tina finally gives Casey some encouragement and places a tiara in her hair. Math Geek friend is sitting with Gen. Tina is rooting for Casey and is very nervous to watch her performance and is standing next to a seated Gen. Casey starts her routine, but falls on her first jump, a triple salchow. Gen offers her mom some popcorn to help her nerves and the two are seen holding hands during Casey's performance. The two have resolved their differences. A little while after Casey resumes her performance, she notices that her mom has come to the arena for the first time. She gets excited and picks up the pace. She throws in an extra triple jump, and nails the rest of the program. Everyone is amazed at how well she did. The scores are announced. Casey is just behind Nikki and gets the silver medal. Michelle Kwan announces that Casey is going to Nationals and speculates that Casey could be at the 2006 Olympics. Casey finally reconciles with Mom. Then she goes back out on the ice to relive some of the best moments of her performance, but is interrupted by Teddy bringing her red roses. He offers to let her drive the Zamboni anytime, and they finally kiss. Nikki chews out her coach and parents because she almost lost, and she is worried that Casey will be unbeatable in six months. She really is nasty - until a TV reporter starts interviewing her. Then she turns on the fake smile, and says a few nothings to the camera. All is well, as Mom, Casey, and Tina leave the arena. Mom and Tina start making plans for Casey. They discuss what kind of sponsor to get for Casey, to pay the bills. She'll have get rid of the boyfriend (both moms agree). Mom says that she'll have to take 4 university courses next term. Tina says no courses. They compromise on 2. The screen darkens and the credits roll.
tt0119715
Comedy
Rudolph Smuntz (the father of Ernie and Lars Smuntz) has died, leaving behind a famous albeit run-down string factory and an equally run-down old house, both to his two sons. Ernie Smuntz owns a famous restaurant and sees no point in running the string factory, but Lars, who has no job, thinks it would be a great opportunity to continue running "Smuntz String" for their father's sake. When Ernie accidentally kills the mayor in his restaurant, he is left with nothing and is forced to close down. With Ernie's restaurant and "Smuntz String" not doing so well, they decide to check out the house they were left. After finding some ancient plans for the house in the attic, they discover that the house is historically significant and very valuable. The brothers then decide to have the house restored in order to sell it -- but someone's out there to stop them: a mouse! And this is no ordinary mouse. It does everything to stop the renovation of the house and scare the Smuntz brothers away. The brothers fight back against the mouse, and when they think they have got rid of it they plan an auction at the house to sell it -- but the mouse returns and causes all sorts of havoc. In the end, the ancient house collapses, leaving Lars and Ernie with nothing, again. Lars and Ernie return to the factory, thinking they have got rid of the the mouse, but they were wrong. The mouse returns to the factory with them and takes over the factory controls, creating a revolutionary idea which makes the brother rich.
tt0236348
Comedy,Music
Wyatt Frame (Alan Cumming) is a record executive, working for record label MegaRecords. The label, headed by the trendy and scheming Fiona (Parker Posey) pumps out pop bands and, through an arrangement with the United States government, get teens to buy their records and follow "a new trend every week" by putting subliminal messages under the music. These messages change weekly; a fill-in-the-blank phrase of the film is [Blank] is the new nk], such as Orange is the new pink! The Government's motive in the scheme is to help build a robust economy from the "wads of cash" teenagers earn from babysitting and minimum wage jobs. When a member of Wyatt's wildly successful boy band, Du Jour, uncovers one such subliminal message and, with innocent concern, asks him about it aboard Du Jours private jet, Wyatt parachutes out with the pilot, leaving the plane to crash. He lands just outside the town of Riverdale, and desperate for a replacement for Du Jour, he meets Josie (Rachael Leigh Cook), Melody (Tara Reid), and Valerie (Rosario Dawson): the financially struggling The Pussycats. He offers them a lucrative record deal and flies them off to Hollywood where they are renamed Josie and the Pussycats. All goes well, with instant popularity for the band until Valerie gets frustrated that the focus of the band is not on them as a whole, but rather Josie. Melody, too simple to notice the attention Josie receives, uses her uncanny behavioral perception and becomes suspicious of Fiona and Wyatt. Because of these suspicions, an attempt is made to kill Valerie and Melody when they make an appearance without Josie on the MTV show Total Request Live. Meanwhile, Josie is brainwashed by subliminal messages in a new demo CD to try to push her into a solo career. Valerie and Melody survive the attempt on their life and return to their accommodation to discover Josie intent on a solo career. After a fight with her band mates, Josie realizes that the music influenced the fight and she goes to the studio to investigate the CD that she was given. Her suspicions are confirmed at the studio but she is caught by Fiona. MegaRecords have organized a giant pay-per-view concert, whereby it is planned to unleash their biggest subliminal message scheme yet. They try to force Josie to perform on stage, otherwise Melody and Valerie will be killed. The surviving but badly injured members of Du Jour, who were thought to be dead, appear just in time to help the Pussycats. In the resulting fight scene, Josie manages to destroy the machine used to make the subliminal messages. The message is revealed to be one that will make Fiona popular, and it is exposed that Fiona is not the all powerful and confident figure that she has appeared to be. Her poor self-esteem began in high school where she talked with a lisp. Wyatt exclaims "Lisping Lisa?" and reveals that his appearance is a disguise - that he went to the same high school as Fiona, but was known as the albino kid, "White-Ass Wally". The two fall instantly in love, and are arrested by the government for crimes against the youth of America. The MegaRecords subliminal message program had been scrapped because the government decided to use movies instead. Josie, Valerie, and Melody go on to perform the concert, and for the first time, the audience is able to judge the band on its merits, rather than be subliminally persuaded to like the band. The audience roars their approval as the film comes to a close.
tt0454919
Horror,Sci-Fi
Mattie (Kristen Bell) goes to visit her friend Douglas Ziegler (Kel O'Neill), a computer geek who has been unconnected for a week. Douglas lets her in into her apartment, but he acts weird and commits suicide in front of her. Later, Mattie will discvoer that he had been developing a powerful wireless signal and accidentally releases a mysterious force that takes the will to live of the human beings, generating a suicide epidemic which increases the force with every suicide. When checking his computer, they see many virus appearing on screen and then a virus-page telling them "Do you want to see a ghost?" When they enter that page, they and the room they are in seem to reflect on that page as if it were a mirror. Mattie will get terrified because there are some net creatures (They are a kind of greenish-grey cyberfigures, called "ghosts", and there are many of them.) People get affected when they watch the strange webpage, and before long, people commit suicide or become a heap of dust. Mattie realises that there are less and less students on the campus, those few who still go to university are silent and keep to themselves. Nobody wants to talk about what's happening. She specially misses her friend Isabelle Fuentes (Christina Milian), who is attacked by several of them going out of a laundry machine. At that moment is when Mattie starts to really believe that there is a threat. Mattie realises that Douglas had bought a computer second-hand. Dexter (Ian Somerhalder) was the original owner. At first, he doesn't want to have anything to do with Mattie's problem, but then he realises that something terrorific is going on. Together, they devise a plan to use a virus developed by Josh (Jonathan Tucker), put it in the network to shutdown the system and save human high-tech way of life. Josh has imprisoned himself inside his apartment, wrapping everything in red tape, the only thing which seems to prevent the beings from entering places. He's frantic, but finally tells Mattie and Dexter that Douglas and him were working on a project to create the widest possible net connection. Suddenly, all kind of unknown virus have started to appear, and they couldn't turn the computer off. Josh refuses to leave what he considers a safe place. However, he'll die as well, because the cyber-creatures enter through the main door peephole in the one second he peers outside. Mattie and Dexter got what they were looking for: the virus Josh and Douglas had invented. They need to use it in the centre of the system, in a modem located in the basement of Douglas' building. They are threatened by hundreds of different-looking cyber-creatures on their way there. Mattie is caught by one of them, who steals her wish to fight and live. She appears surrounded by millions of grey arms. Dexter pulls her out, telling her not to look into the ghost's face. Mattie will wake up unharmed, but she says that the cyber-creature don't belong to the system. "They are the system." They finally find the main server, and they pour the virus into it. However, the system reboots itself, opening the gate to our world once again. Dexter and Mattie run away, get on a car and leave the now empty-streeted city. All mobile phone networks, net connetions, TV channels have been infected. Only an army-broadcast radio-based message is still working, telling them to go to a refuge out of town. They sleep inside their own car, hoping to get somewhere where there is no net connection or mobile phone coverage. They are last attacked by a four-armed creature until they reach such place. Later, when they are on their own, they realize they will have to live in the countryside for the rest of their lives without any of the modern technology they'd taken for granted until then. The movie closes with a voiceover from Mattie where she has come to understand that humanity must retrogress to a lifestyle they had considered primitive, and the ghost-beings have taken over the cities and electronic networks... both groups of beings grimly determined to survive.
tt0219965
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Busting out of prison, Joe (Bruce Willis) and Terry (Billy Bob Thornton) are on the run and out of money. That changes when they devise a scheme to place bank managers under house arrest the night before they rob their banks. But success as the infamous "sleepover bandits" isnt the only change in store for them. As they cross state lines and federal laws, they meet Kate (Cate Blanchett) a sexy, eccentric housewife whose indecision as to which of the two bandits she wants could spoil their partnership for good.
tt0275022
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Three friends (Lucy, Kit and Mimi) get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation. By the time the girls get to high school, things change. One is Little Miss Perfect, one is an engaged prom queen, and the other is a pregnant outcast. The night of graduation, they open the box and start talking again. Mimi brings up the topic of going to Los Angeles for a record contract audition. They all decide to go together, Lucy to visit her mother (Kim Cattrall) in Arizona and Kit to visit her boyfriend named Dylan in Los Angeles, and they set out on the road with little money in a yellow 1969 Buick Skylark convertible with a guy named Ben. When one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac, they are all scared of him. Lucy meets her mother in Tuscon, but her mother is remarried, with two sons. She reveals to Lucy that she never wanted to have her. Lucy then rejoins the other girls and Ben and carries on to Los Angeles. When they arrive, Kit finds out that it was her boyfriend who raped Mimi and got her pregnant, and she punches him. Scared, Mimi falls down the stairs and loses her baby. Lucy and Ben fall in love, and against her father's wishes, she stays in Los Angeles and goes to the audition
tt0951216
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
The film begins close to the end of the story, when the suspects get caught and are interrogated. Then it flashes back to three years earlier and proceeds forward from there, interspersed with occasional bits from the interrogation. Three years before getting caught, Bridget (Diane Keaton) lived a comfortable life until her husband Don (Ted Danson) was fired from his position and sunk into debt. The paycheck for Selina, the cleaning lady, bounces again. Selina confronts Bridget and suggests she take a job as a janitor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. On her first day on the job, Bridget hatches a scheme to steal damaged dollar bills slated for destruction. For her team she chooses Nina (Queen Latifah), who works the dollar bill shredder, and Jackie (Katie Holmes), who takes bill carts from the Secret Service room to the shredding room. It takes some work to convince Nina to join, but Jackie joins them quickly. The plan is that in the Secret Service room, Bridget will switch a cart's official Master-brand lock with a near-identical lock she purchased at Home Depot. Bridget will tell Jackie the cart number and give Nina the official lock. When Jackie gets the chosen cart, she dumps some bills from it into a trash can before taking it to Nina, who then uses Bridget's key to open it, replaces the official lock, and proceeds to shred the remaining bills. Meanwhile, Bridget, in the course of her janitorial duties, retrieves the dumped bills from the trash and splits them among Nina and Jackie in the restroom. While a success, the take from their first robbery is not as big as they had hoped. However, they're emboldened to do it again and again. Once Don and Bridget pay off their debt, Don suggests they stop before they get caught. Bridget rejects this idea and convinces Nina and Jackie to keep going. They almost get caught, but they fold in one of the cops. A Federal Bank Examiner shows up at a party at Bridget's house, and the next day Bridget sees him at work. The Examiner confronts Glover (Stephen Root), who is unwilling to admit anyone has stolen a single bill out of his bank as a matter of professional pride. Tipped off, that night Bridget and her accomplices begin trying to get rid of all the loot stashed in their houses, but the cops move in before all the evidence is destroyed. Bridget escapes but the others get caught. Bridget hires a tax attorney to defend them, and he gets Bridget and all her accomplices off the hook for their crimes. However, the IRS demands they pay their taxes, which turn out to be equal to the money that remains. They walk away free yet penniless. Eight months later, Bridget reveals to Nina and Jackie that she stashed away a lot of the stolen money in the basement of a friend's bar.
tt0244970
Comedy,Romance
The movie starts with a voice over of Jane Goodal (Ashley Judd) over the images of a scientific experiment with a bull and a herd of cows, apparently the bull never mounts a cow twice, not even if her scent is changed. He prefers a new cow. Jane tells us that until recently she believed that men are all like the bull, but to understand what happened we have to go back in time. Jane is a production assistant with a talk show that has recently been syndicated, which means that the host Dianne Roberts (played by Ellen Barkin) who wants to be the best, is always looking for the ungettable guests, like Fidel Castro. Eddie Alden (Hugh Jackman ) is the producer of the talk show and is a womaniser, much to the dismay of Jane and she comments on his actions with amicable critique. Eddie is looking for a roommate but his messages on the bulletin board are sabotaged by disgruntled exes, he wonders whether she wouldnt like to move in, she turns him down with a vengeance. Then they meet the new producer of the show Ray Brown (Greg Kinnear) and Jane is immediately smitten. She tells her friend Liz (Marisa Tomei) and discuss her bad luck with men. Meanwhile her sister and is trying to get pregnant with a fertility program. Ray calls Jane and they spend a evening together and end up kissing, the next morning she calls Liz and is ecstatic Liz gives her some advice as to how to deal with Ray and his girlfriend Dee (with whom he has trouble). Ray and Jane are very much in love and the relationship evolves and they decide to move in together Jane puts in her notice, he goes to tell his girlfriend it is over, but doesnt tell her about the new woman in his life. Ray starts to get distant while Jane is packing to move over, and over dinner he breaks it of, leaving Jane in tears. The next morning in the office Jane takes her revenge by announcing to move in with Eddy. She learns to deal with the many women in Eddys life, they bond over scotch and old Chinese food. She reads an article about the old cow syndrome and starts researching for her theory of men . Liz works at a magazine for men and needs a columnist and persuades Jane to write a column about her theory, under a pen name Dr Marie Charles. The column that deals with the insecurity and dishonesty of men is a big hit, everybody wants to meet Dr Charles, so does Dianne. At a Christmas party Ray tells her he misses her and asks her out for new years eve, but he doesn't show. When Jane shows up at a party looking for Eddy at midnight she cant find him and she leaves in tears Eddy tries to go after her but cant find her, and disappointed sits on the outside steps. Back at the office Ray tries to apologise but Dianne interrupts wearing a shirt Jane bought for Ray, she is Dee, and Ray is back with her. A boardmeeting is going to start and Eddy makes sure Jane isnt crying going in, but Jane is distracted and he covers for her, when Ray shows emotion over a Gerard Depardieu movie, Jane spill her guts over his inability to show empathy for her broken heart. Dianne, unaware of Janes relationship with Ray, gives her advice on how to win her boyfriend back, telling her how she got hers back. At a bar Liz follows Dr Charles advice and is not going to fall for the same kind of guy anymore. Jane and Eddy get into a fight over the advice of Dr. Charles, back home she tells him she has to believe the theory because otherwise she is afraid that men don't leave women they leave her. Eddy comforts her by saying Ray is not the last man she'll ever love, and they fall asleep together, the next morning Eddy wakes up happy and comfortable, Jane freaks out. Eddy tells her not to analyse this too, he is happy he slept the whole night with her without it leading to sex. She tells Eddy he will show his true colours and will hurt her some time soon, Eddy tells her it is not about him but it is her attitude that is the problem. Jane gets a call and it is her brother in law telling her that they lost the baby. At the hospital she sees the true love between her and decides to tell Dianne that Dr Charles is going to be on her show. The interview is meant to be over the telephone but Jane changes her mind and goes on the stage, she tells the audience that there is no Dr (we see Eddy leave at this stage) and that the theory is ridiculous because she was hurt and needed to blame the men for her pain. But not all men are animals, some will be there for you and tell you that Ray isnt the last one youll ever love. By this time Eddy is long gone. Jane goes after Eddy and finds him when he is taking a taxi, she gets him out of the taxe and tells him she found new love, and he doesnt answer but kisses her with passion. The end
tt0304669
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Santa Claus has been working at his job for eight years now and Christmas is coming. Unfortunately, there's a SECOND clause on the card that got Scott into being Santa in the first place. In order to continue being Santa, a job Scott has grown to know and love (and is very good at), there must a MISSUS Claus. With only 27 days and no prospects at hand, Scott begins the de-Santification process. His beard shortens, his weight lessens, and he becomes more and more human. Meanwhile, Scott's son Charlie is getting into trouble at school, spray-painting protests against the school's Principal, Carol Newman. She catches him in the act and calls his parents to a meeting. There's instant magic between Scott and Carol, first in the guise of intellectual sparring, and later in the form of actual tenderness. In order to cover up for Santa's absence at the North Pole, Third-in-Command Elf Curtis makes a plastic duplicate of Santa. This doppelganger begins to think for itself, devouring the entire Santa Rule Book and deciding that ALL children belong on the "Naughty List" and should all receive only coal in their stockings. The Elves try to rebel but the evil Santa copy has made an army of toy soldiers just to give his words "a bit of a nudge."
tt0318155
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Bugs Bunny gets a starring role in a new movie, and Daffy Duck wants to be in it too. However, studio executive Kate (Jenna Elfman) looks at the numbers, and sees that nobody wants Daffy. She fires Daffy and orders him off the Warner Brothers lot. Brendan Fraser plays a security guard named DJ Drake who must escort Daffy off the lot. Daffy doesn't leave easily and DJ must chase Daffy all around the lot causing tremendous damage to the studio. DJ is also fired and kicked off the lot. He goes home, not knowing that Daffy is hiding in his backpack. At home, DJ gets a message from his famous spy father (Timothy Dalton), that the chairman of the Acme Corporation (Steve Martin) is holding him prisoner and wants the Blue Monkey Diamond. DJ must first find the Blue Monkey Diamond before the Acme Corporation does to save the world. DJ and Daffy join forces to find the Blue Monkey Diamond and then save his father. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0265298
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Jason Shepherd (Frankie Muniz), a 14-year old living in the fictional town of Greenbury, Michigan, is an incorrigible liar and a con artist. When his English teacher, Ms. Phyllis Caldwell (Sandra Oh), assigns her class a creative writing assignment, Jason does not complete it. His parents are later called into school, where Ms. Caldwell tells Jason that if he can't bring her a handwritten story to the community college by 6 p.m., she will not consider it a valid contribution. After remembering that his father told him that "making up stories appears to be his God-given talent", Jason finally writes a story entitled Big Fat Liar, based on his experiences of how he lies all the time. Now finished, Jason rides his older sister's old bicycle and accidentally collides with the limousine of an arrogant Hollywood producer Marty Wolf (Paul Giamatti), whereupon Jason blackmails Wolf into giving him a ride to school. During his ride, Wolf reveals to Jason that he is also a liar and con man, but a more professional one than Jason, however. When the limousine reaches the college, Jason hastens out of the limo, not realizing that he has left his story behind. Wolf initially attempts to give it back to Jason, but when he sees that it is excellent, he decides to keep it for himself. Upon entering school, Jason realizes that he does not have the story. Neither his parents nor Ms. Caldwell believe him when Jason claims to have written it, and he is therefore ordered to undergo summer school. Later, Jason and his best friend Kaylee (Amanda Bynes) found out that Wolf has plagiarized his composition by making his film Big Fat Liar. When Jason's parents and sister leave town for a summer holiday, Jason and Kaylee use their savings to fly to Los Angeles to confront Wolf, leaving local bully Bret Callaway (Taran Killam) to attend to Kaylee's absent-minded grandmother after Jason bribes him by promising to do his summer school homework for him. After arriving in Los Angeles, Jason and Kaylee trick limo driver Frank Jackson (Donald Faison) into giving them a ride to the studio, where Jason tricks receptionist Astrid Barker (Rebecca Corry) into leaving her post to allow him to speak with Wolf about his situation. Wolf agrees to return the story, but intentionally burns it and has Jason and Kaylee removed from his office. Angered, Jason and Kaylee plan to inconvenience Wolf until he admits to having stolen Big Fat Liar. Frank eventually discovers their true identities and plans, but eventually joins them, as Frank explains that he was an actor formerly mistreated by Wolf. After gathering intel about how he treats his workers, Frank takes Jason and Kaylee to Wolf's mansion, where they add blue and orange dye to Wolf's swimming pool and shampoo, giving him blue skin and orange hair. Kaylee, impersonating the Universal Studios' president's secretary, sends Wolf to a child's birthday party to get vengeance for veteran stunt coordinator Vince (Lee Majors), an elderly employee of his whom he criticized and who had wanted to take his granddaughter to the same party. There, Wolf is mistaken for a clown and a group of children attack him. Meanwhile, Jason and Kaylee modify the controls to Wolf's blue Jaguar XKR convertible, causing various controls to perform the incorrect function and playing the song "Blue (Da Ba Dee)" by Eiffel 65, resembling his blue skin. Struggling to control his convertible, Wolf stops just behind a monster truck, but is later rear ended by a vengeful old lady, whom he had insulted earlier, which causes him to crash into it, therefore causing its driver, The Masher (Brian Turk), to destroy Wolf's convertible in anger. As a result of these pranks, Wolf misses his appointment with his boss Marcus Duncan (Russell Hornsby), president of Universal Studios. Wolf and Duncan met at a party to celebrate the premiere of another film Whittaker and Fowl, which proves to be a box office failure. Duncan distrusts Wolf to create anything better and tells him that all the funding for Big Fat Liar will be withdrawn unless Wolf can convince him otherwise. Jason agrees to help Wolf in exchange for a confession of the truth to his father. Wolf, guided by Jason, makes a successful presentation which convinces Duncan to green-light Big Fat Liar and warning him should any little mishap occur, funding for the film will be withdrawn and his career will be over. However, Wolf betrays Jason again and calls his security guards to remove Jason and Kaylee from his office for the second time, but this time, after their true identities, schemes, and hiding place have been and revealed. Jason and Kaylee are told by Rocko, the head of security, that they will be forced out of Hollywood, the incidents they caused covered up, and may be sent back to their hometown in disgrace. Jason is about to throw in the towel and prepares to be forever humiliated and disbelieved in his hometown when Wolf's personal secretary, Monty Kirkham (Amanda Detmer), appears after dismissing Rocko, who was keeping an eye on him and Kaylee, and states that because many of Wolf's co-workers and employees have been abused by him, they are able to help Jason and Kaylee to take revenge against Wolf. Together, Jason, Kaylee, and the studio crew members devise their plan by which to do so. By now, Wolf has either removed or concealed the color of his skin and hair. En route to the studio, Wolf falls into several traps organized by his co-workers including skydiving out of a helicopter piloted by Vince and getting soaked from the Universal Studios Hollywood flash flood backlot prop. Upon arriving at the studio, bedraggled and desperate, Wolf finds out that Jason has taken his beloved toy chimpanzee, Mr. Funny-Bones, hostage. Wolf pursues Jason until they reach a climactic rooftop confrontation, where Wolf admits to having stolen Jason's story, thinking they are alone, and swearing that Wolf will never tell the truth because it's 'overrated'. Immediately, it is revealed that Wolf has been filmed throughout the confession with multiple cameras. As a result, Wolf is exposed and shamed before all those whom he has abused, including Duncan, who is outraged at him for his act of plagiarism, and from a kid no less. Without hesistation, Duncan fires Wolf for his actions, and Jason thanks Wolf for having taught him that "the truth is not overrated". Enraged, Wolf chases Jason, but Jason runs off the side of the building and eventually lands on an inflated crash pad. Afterwards, Jason and his parents re-establish their trust. The epilogue. In the epilogue, Big Fat Liar is later reproduced and shown in movie theatres across North America, utilizing the talents and skills of all those whom Wolf had abused. During the closing credits, Jason is credited for having written the original story, and Ms. Caldwell is impressed and very proud of him. Meanwhile, Wolf declares bankruptcy and starts his new job as a clown, which role he is assigned to entertain the son of the Masher, whom he insulted earlier. Recognizing him, the Masher orders his son: "Yo, Little Mash, show him your nutcracker!", a newly-learned prizefighting technique as a means of avenging the earlier offense. He delivers a flying kick to Wolf's scrotum, and Wolf's eyes dilate and rotate.
tt0369226
Action,Horror,Sci-Fi
The narrator reads a long, boring story about the existence of an ancient Native American civilization which disappeared for unknown reasons. Present Day. Edward Carnby (Christian Slater) is on board an airplane and has a nightmare, in which he remembers how he hid himself in a high-voltage box as a child, while staring at some alien-like creatures. As an adult (explaining in a voice-over narration), Edward looks for remains of an extinct Indian tribe, the Abkani, which disappeared suddenly 10,000 years ago for reasons unexplained. He's found a trinket piece of something related to it. On his way to the museum where Aline Cedrac (Tara Reid), an assistant curator and Edward's ex-girlfriend, works and is scanning some more Abkani pieces, he is attacked by somebody with supernatural abilities named James Pinkerton (Ed Anders) who tries to steal the artifact that he has, but Edward fights him off. At the same time, Professor Lionel Hudgens (Matthew Walker) almost doesn't make it alive from a sea voyage, where he finds the "edegus" or something like that. The ship's crew finds a coffin made of gold from the ocean floor. After they dock, the evil and greedy captain of the salvage tug locks up Hudgens and his men open the gold coffin... even though Hudgens asks them not to do so. Five minutes afterwards, they are all dead but for Hudgens, imprisoned inside a storage room on the ship. Hudgens slips away ashore after collecting another item from the empty gold coffin, which apparently contained a mysterious creature. Upon the opening of the gold coffin, an old friend of Edward disappears into the night. Several other people across the USA and Canada walk off in a trance as if being drawn by some beacon. Edward hears a ear-splitting screech while in his apartment looking over the Abkani artifact. At the same time in an underground military facility, called Research Agency Bureau 713, the location of the opening of the gold coffin is relayed by the control room techs who report it to their bureau chief by the evidence of the electro-magnetic wave that appears on their monitors. Edward, a paranormal investigator and former agent of Bureau 713, thinks it's related to the Abkani. The old friend was a fellow orphan, from when Hudgens convinced Sister Clara (Karin Konoval) to run some experiments on the children without anybody's consent (shown in another flashback). Edward investigates. Edward arrives that same evening at the Natural History Museum where he is reunited with a not-so-happy Aline with the artifact and she shows him another Abkani artifact that recently arrived and she has been working on it since Professor Hudgens is away. Just then, the mysterious creature from the ship attacks them inside the museum, killing a security guard, but Edward and Aline hide in a storage closet long enough for troopers from Bureau 713 to arrive, and the creature (which is a four-legged, fast-moving beast resembling a cross between a panther and the creatures of 'Aliens') retreats into the night. Commander Richard Burke (Stephen Dorff), the team leader of the Bureau 713 strike force, arrives where Edward tries to relay information to him that something big is going down, but Burke rebukes him, saying that since he no longer works for Bureau 713, to stay out of their investigation. The next day, Edward tries to get information from his former co-workers at Bureau 713, one of whom is staff surgeon and pathologist Sam Fischer (Frank C. Turner), to learn more about the creature encountered as well as the history of the Abkani. At the same time, Professor Hudges arrives back at the museum where he goes to his office where he has a captured creature (whether this is the same creature from the ship or a different one is never fully explained). Hudgens uses a syringe to draw fluid from the captive creature to study it as part of his further research to combine the DNA of man and beast. Edward continues investigating his past by going to his former orphanage to learn more about Hudges research, and then back to his apartment where Aline is and they consumate their attraction to each other. While the Bureau 713 soldiers are patroling the museum, they are attacked by several creatures, who are the missing people that wondered off upon the opening of the gold coffin containing the creature. During the firefight, several soldiers, and most of the human-creatures are killed. Edward arrives on the scene and talks more with Burke, who again tells him away. However, during a scuffle, Edward picks Burke's pocket containing his Bureau 713 security badge. The next morning, Edward goes to Bureau 713 where he talks with Fischer in the morgue looking at one of the dead bodies, where Fischer shows Edward a small, cenntipede-like baby creature in the dorsal spine of his old friend Pinkeron. Fischer also discovers that Edward has one of his own in his body, but it is dead, presumably because of the contact with the electro-shock while Edward was a child. Fischer tells him that he could take the creature out, but leaving him disabled. As the monster looks dead, it's not an urgent matter. Burke and his men arrive and escort Edward out of the morgue and the building. That evening, Professor Hudges ambushes Fischer as he arrives home to find his wife dead. Hudges inserts a baby creature into Fischer's mouth, thereby putting him under his control. Edward discovers that the Abkani had fought those creatures which can get killed by light (that's why they always move around on dark places). They also disrupt electrical light, creating blackouts. The Abkani artifacts found all over the world actually open the gate to another dimension, where millions of those creatures are sleeping, waiting to be freed and kill humans. Hudgens is making further experiments with the creature he's captured somehow when he takes some of the creature's blood and injects it into his veins. That way, he becomes a semi-alien being and can control the monsters. At the climax, Aline, Edward, Burke and the latter's military squad go to Edward's orphanage, where there are strong electro-magnetic disruptions. They are attacked by dozens of these reptilian-like monsters and there is a climactic and violent 20-minute fight where almost all creatures and humans kill one another. Edward, Burke and Aline reach the old surgery room underground where the baby creature was transplanted into Edward. There, Hudgens takes Edward's piece of archeological remains and opens the gate. Millions of creatures start to wake up and run down a huge cave. They go down the walls but they don't approach the gate for some reason, giving time for the three good characters to kill Hudgens, run away only to realize that they can't detonate the bomb from such a long distance. Burke comes back and blows everything up... himself along with the creatures. Edward and Aline rise to the surface at the back of the orphanage at dawn, only to find an evacuated city without people, cars abandoned on the streets. They walk down the street, but several noises are heard. The last shot shows them in the middle of an empty road turning around suddenly, supposedly to confront one of the creatures.... regardless of it being day. Aren't the monsters hurt by light? Because the gate hasn't been closed properly, the door has been left open for a second installment. (No, please!)
tt0295427
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Pistachio Disguisey is the simple-minded son of the Disguisey Italian family. Pistachio's father and mother are kidnapped by his father's arch enemy, Devlin Bowman. Pistachio's grandfather shows up and tells Pistachio that he, his father, and grandfather are all masters of disguise. After a lot of hard work, Pistachio masters the art of disguise. He hires an assistant and she helps him uncover Bowman's plot, stealing priceless artifacts from around the world, ( Liberty Bell, The Declaration of Independence). Pistachio goes to Bowman's mansion just as Bowman is about to superglue a mask of his face onto Pistachio's father, so he will go to jail as Bowman escapes. Pistachio foils his plot and wins over his assistant's heart. Pistachio, his parents, grandparents, wife and stepson live happily ever after.
tt0259288
Drama,Fantasy,Mystery
Dr. Emily Darrow is a pediatric oncologist and her husband, Dr. Joe Darrow, is an emergency room physician. Although Emily is expecting their first child, she decides to join a Red Cross team going to Venezuela. Torrential rains and flooding force the evacuation of the village where the team is staying. As she is about to board the bus, Emily telephones Joe to assure him she is safe. It is the last time he will speak to her. The bus plunges into a river and is swept away. All on board are drowned. After Emily's memorial service, strange things start happening. Recalling that Emily asked him to check on her patients, Joe goes to the pediatric oncology floor. A child gives him a drawing of a wavy cross and says Emily wants him to go there. Joe is mystified and questions the child, but only succeeds in upsetting him. Other children have also drawn wavy crosses. One reports seeing Emily in a rainbow near a waterfall. At home, the Darrows' parrot Big Bird is frequently agitated and begins pulling his feathers out. Joe puts away some of Emily's belongings and the next day they are back in view. He dreams of seeing Emily at the hospital, on an elevator and at the end of a long hall. Emily had a small birthmark on her shoulder. Because it was shaped somewhat like a dragonfly, Emily often bought items with dragonfly motifs, including a crib mobile that arrived after her death. A young woman who unsuccessfully attempted suicide is brought in. Joe turns her over to another doctor, saying he is only interested in helping people who want to live. A nurse reports him to the hospital director, who urges Joe to take some time off but Joe refuses. He feels closer to Emily at the hospital. Eventually he is banned from visiting the children. By now Joe's friends know something weird is going on. They invite him to dinner and introduce him to a grief therapist. She urges Joe to make an appointment but he brushes her off. He tells his neighbor and friend, Miriam Belmont, about the wavy cross and Emily wanting him to go there, wherever it is. She thinks Joe is imagining things and shares her own story about losing a loved one. Big Bird goes berserk in the kitchen and Joe calls Miriam for help because he has to go to work. When he returns, she shows him a wavy cross drawn in a pile of dirt from a broken flowerpot. The cross is also drawn on the windows. Miriam thinks Joe did it himself and begs him to get help. Joe visits a nun, Sister Madeline, who was fired from the hospital because she overstepped her bounds by interviewing children about their near-death experiences. At first she won't talk to him but once convinced he is not a reporter, shares what she believes. This convinces Joe more than ever that Emily is trying to contact him. He even speculates that she might not have died after all. Joe's behavior continues to raise concern at the hospital. Everyone thinks he is on the verge of cracking up. One night he is asked to stay with a patient until the kidney transplant team arrives. The man is dead but his heart is kept beating by machines. Suddenly the man calls Joe's name, twice. When the team arrives, Joe refuses to let them touch the man. He gets into a fight and is arrested. Miriam, who is an attorney, picks him up at the police station. She has talked with the hospital director and they aren't pressing charges on the condition that Joe take an extended leave of absence. He accepts his friends' invitation to go on a rafting trip and puts his house up for sale. While studying a map, he finds the wavy cross. It symbolizes a waterfall. On a map of Venezuela, Joe finds a waterfall near the village where Emily was staying. He takes the next flight to Venezuela. When he arrives, he is met by a guide. The village where Joe wants to go is nearly inaccessible since the flood. In any case the guide tells Joe he cannot go there without permission. Joe insists on going and they get as far as the river. The floodwaters have receded enough so that Emily's bus is visible. The guide tells Joe they must go back. But he jumps into the river and manages to reach the bus. He forces the door open but the bus is empty. His added weight causes the vehicle to drift and submerge. On the verge of drowning, Joe sees Emily. She pulls him to safety and he collapses on the riverbank. When he catches his breath, the guide is waiting to take him back. But Joe runs toward the village, believing that against all odds Emily survived. The natives are suspicious and threaten him with their spears. He holds up a picture of Emily and they recognize her. The guide translates that Emily came to them via the river, dying. They could not save her body but they saved her soul. A woman leads Joe into a grass hut where a baby girl is lying in a basket. At last Joe realizes what Emily was trying to tell him; that their baby survived. He picks the baby up and sees a birthmark on her foot. The native woman repeats a word that the guide translates as "dragonfly." He wraps the baby in his shirt and leaves. In a voice-over, he doesn't know if Emily was in her right mind enough to see the baby, nor how the child survived a premature birth in the jungle. But Emily wouldn't give up until the child was safe in his arms. Several years later, Joe and his daughter are shown playing outside on a beautiful autumn day. The little girl has Emily's curly blonde hair.
tt0465142
Comedy,Music
President Staton (Dennis Quaid) hasn't looked at a newspaper since he was elected to office. Then on the morning after his re-election, he decides to read the newspaper. He locks himself in his bedroom for several weeks, and begins to examine his view of the world. Vice President Sutter (Willem Dafoe) believes the President is having a nervous breakdown. To snap the President out of it, the Vice President gives him happy pills and books him as a guest judge on the American Dreamz television show. The weekly talent show contest is hosted by America's most hated/loved judge, Martin Tweed (Hugh Grant). The show makes celebrities out of everybody who makes it to the finals. Sally Kendoo (Mandy Moore) and Omer (Sam Golzari) make it to the final round where the President will be judging with Martin. Get ready for all the fireworks, because this show will be seen by millions of people and be the highest rated show in the country. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0282209
Fantasy,Horror,Mystery
In 1827, a small group of people settled around a bay; among them was a newlywed couple, Sonny and Matilda Dixon. The town soon began to grow due to its quickly developing fishing industry. Local stores began to spring up, and people started to cultivate the land. However, in 1836, tragedy struck the small town, now called Darkness Falls, when Sonny Dixon was killed in a fishing accident, leaving his wife Matilda a widow. After her husband's death, Matilda became very close to the town's children. She would tell them stories, and give them gifts and gold coins when they lost a tooth, thus earning the nickname "Tooth Fairy". After a fire in her home left her horribly scarred, disfigured, and with an extreme sensitivity to light, she wore teeth-mask (which was made out of teeth), and only went out at night. One night, two of the town's young boys went missing, and they quickly blame Matilda. She was arrested, stripped of her mask, and hanged. Soon afterwards, the two missing boys returned home unharmed, and the town realized its grave mistake. A massive cover-up of the murder soon followed, and Matilda's body was buried. A year later, the first of many strange occurrences began. In 1842, the supply of whales and seals vanished from the sea; only their bones were left on East Beach. Freak storms began to terrorize the town and frequently resulted in the sinking of fishing boats. The two children who Matilda was accused of kidnapping vanished after leaving a suicide note at the town's lighthouse; their bodies were never found. Nearly 10 years later, the local cemetery was moved to make way for local expansion. During the move, Matilda's body disappeared and was never seen again. Since then, children have mysteriously disappeared from Darkness Falls, never to be seen again. Some claimed that they ran away, while others believed it was yet another chapter of the Tooth Fairy's curse. And so, the story of the Tooth Fairy was born. The vengeful spirit of Matilda Dixon would visit the home of children in Darkness Falls the night they lost their last baby tooth. If the child laid eyes on her, she would whisk them off and murder them. Her weakness in life remained with her in death; she had an extreme sensitivity to light. One boy, Kyle Walsh, learns that the story is more than just a story the night he loses his last baby tooth. He finds it hard to fall asleep after hearing stories of Matilda, and takes a flashlight to bed with him. As he tries to sleep, he hears a raspy breath over his bed, and dares to open his eyes. He sees the masked face of Matilda herself. Frightened, Kyle shines the flashlight into her eyes, causing her to recoil in pain. He runs out of his room to his mother, who assures him that there is nothing to be afraid of. As Kyle's mother goes to investigate, she sees Matilda for herself, and is brutally murdered by the angry spirit. Kyle, hearing his mother's death, hides in the bathroom with the lights on, preventing Matilda from reaching him. The next morning, the police show up and believe that Kyle has murdered his mother. They arrest him and take him away. Years later, Kyle has left Darkness Falls and moved to Las Vegas - a city where the lights never turn off. He always carries a bag of flashlights and lanterns with him in fear of Matilda finishing what was started many years before. One day, an old childhood friend, Caitlin Greene, calls to ask for his help with her younger brother, Michael, who also seems to have survived an encounter with the Tooth Fairy. Michael, like Kyle, now has a gripping fear of the dark, and is thought to have gone insane. Kyle returns, knowing that Michael is not crazy, and tries to help him. Since two people have now escaped from Matildas wrath, it has caused her to become more active; revealing herself to dozens of people, and killing them all in her quest to get Kyle and Michael. Kyle, Michael, and Caitlin now must escape from Darkness Falls while avoiding the darkness until morning, just as one of the freak storms knocks out all the lights in the town. Soon the storm hits the village with a loud bang and wallop and almost every light in the village is turned out. The last remaining light is only that of the Light House situated at the far coast of the village. A fight ensues between Kyle and Matilda, and he manages to knock her mask away from her face - revealing the scarred flesh. They then illuminate the Lighthouse's lantern and throw Matilda in to it, where she ignites and turns in to a ball of flame and is thrown off the balcony. As she catches fire her spirit is destroyed forever. (Source: WikiPedia)
tt0377107
Drama,Mystery
The movie opens with Catherine (Gwyneth Paltrow) talking to her father Robert (Anthony Hopkins) after he startles her watching TV in the middle of the night. He gives her a bottle of champagne for her birthday, which she starts drinking from the bottle, commenting on how bad it is. They chat for a while about the nature of insanity and how he is crazy, but then she challenges his admission that he is crazy, pointing out that he had just admitted that the nature of insanity is that you can't acknowledge your own insanity. He reminds her that he's not just crazy he died last week and his funeral is tomorrow. Awoken from this dream, Catherine realizes that there is someone still upstairs -- Hal (Jake Gyllenhaal), a former student of Robert's. Robert was a professor in the University of Chicago's math department and Hal is a fledgling mathematician, struggling to advance in the field with any sort of developments of his own. In his younger years, Robert had made many advances in mathematics, revolutionizing the field twice before 22, and is quite famous and well regarded for it, but struggled with mental illness for the last 20+ years of his life. Catherine asks him why he is still there and he confesses that he thinks that somewhere in Robert's books of notes there has to be additional products of his mathematical genius. Catherine asks him what there has been in the notes he's made it through. Hal confirms that it was gibberish, but tells her that it would make a career for someone to find even a fraction of the advances Robert made in his early to mid twenties. She asks if he is trying to steal her father's work, and he says that, no, he would credit the discovery to her father. She demands to see his backpack and pulls it off of his back, dumping it out while trying to find any of her father's belongings. Nothing found, she apologizes and he gets ready to leave. As he's walking out the door she picks up his folded up coat from a chair, thinking he is forgetting the garment, but a notebook falls out. She yells at him, and calls the cops, but he tells her that he was going to give it to her as a present because it has something complimentary written about her in it. He leaves, and the cops pull up, but she sends them away. The next day, for the funeral, Catherine's sister Claire (Hope Davis) arrives in a town car. A huge contrast to the unkempt Catherine, Claire is an overly put together, bordering on completely neurotic New Yorker. Relations between the sisters are tense, and Catherine can't stand her sister's constant harping on appearance-related issues. Catherine is also upset that Claire didn't care for her father as much as Catherine did in his final years. Catherine's ultimately futile struggle to keep up with her own studies as her father ceases to be able to care for himself is documented in a series of flashbacks. She had started math grad school at Northwestern (Robert asks her: "You actually want to live in Evanston?") and fell behind in her coursework after she returned to check on her father and found him living amongst dirty dishes and sitting outside. He tells her that his brain is working again after the mental illness had interrupted it for a number of years, but she stays to take care of him. At the funeral, a lot of this frustration on Catherine's part comes out. She is upset at the high number of people there, in this very somber ceremony planned by others, and held in Rockefeller Chapel, a huge Gothic structure that is part of University of Chicago. She interrupts a string quartet and yells at everyone for not being there for her father while he was alive, and ends by saying she's glad her father died. After she storms out, Hal follows her and asks if she needs to be walked home. She declines his offer. Claire is set on selling Robert's house back to the University, and Catherine is upset that she will be kicked out, since this is where she's been living for the past few years. Claire wants to bring Catherine to New York, and it comes out that Catherine may be struggling with the same mental illnesses that her father struggled with. They have a wake at the house the night after the funeral, and Hal's band plays. Claire gets smashed drinking with a theoretical physicist from the University, and Catherine and Hal end up sleeping together. After they consummate their affections, Catherine is seemingly comfortable with Hal's intentions toward her family, and gives him a key to her father's desk. He goes up to the office and finds a notebook which contains a lengthy but apparently very important proof a mathematical discovery of sorts. He is very excited and shows the discovery to Catherine and Claire, saying that this discovery could get anyone tenure at any math department in the country. He asks Catherine how long she knew about this and why she didn't tell him about it. She tells him that she wrote it. This is met with silence from Hal and incredulity from Claire. The handwriting looks like Robert's, but Catherine claims it is her own. Claire pushes Hal into a corner and forces him to admit that he is somewhat doubtful that Catherine could have written the proof. She gets upset and tries to tear the book up, but Hal takes it to have people in the math department look at it and see if the proof is accurate. The next day as Claire and Catherine are packing up in separate parts of the house, Catherine suddenly goes berserk and starts throwing things before collapsing on her knees and crying. Claire comforts her and Catherine sobs "I stole it from him, I stole it from him." Claire says that it is okay and that she was living under a lot of stress with their father. Hal takes the proof to be examined by his colleagues, who believe the proof to be valid. He comes to the house as Claire and Catherine are leaving. Claire has convinced Catherine to come live in New York, and Catherine has apparently not said a word since her breakdown. Claire tells Hal to leave. He wants to see Catherine. She emerges from the house and appears completely depressed and broken. She is terse with him, but he tells her that the proof works, but that he doesn't think that her father wrote it because there is newer mathematics in it (he says it is a "hipper" proof than someone of her father's generation would have written). She is unmoved as he tells her that he thinks she wrote it and wants her to explain it to him sometime. The sisters get into a car and head to the airport. Hal sprints after the car and throws the book through the window and onto Catherine's lap. They arrive at the airport and are sitting in the terminal. In another flashback, it is revealed that after Catherine dropped out of school to care for her father he challenges her to work on math, which she does, and there are scenes of them sitting across from each other studying math books and writing. She becomes engrossed and doesn't heed his calls to come talk as promptly as she had. She is working on the proof and really was the one who wrote it. When she comes to show him, she realizes that her father has slipped back into his illness. When she walks into the room he is too excited to look at what she wants to show him, demanding that she read aloud a proof that he has written and says is ground breaking. She reads it aloud and begins crying as she does, as the "proof" is in fact complete nonsense. She locks her own proof, the truly ground breaking one, into his desk drawer, where it presumably stays until Hal discovers it, because she realizes that her father is now incapable of understanding what she has accomplished. So it seems that when she sobbed that she had stolen the proof from him, she was speaking of her guilt for doing her own work and not supporting her father as she worked on the proof. She is also troubled because she sees herself in her father, realizing that if she has his genius, then she might also slip into serious mental illness like him. Back in the airport, Catherine has begun to come to terms with her own genius and her own flaws, aided by Hal's confidence in her. She decides that she does not need to go with her sister to New York and runs out of the airport. She returns to University of Chicago, and the movie ends with her and Hal meeting up on some benches on campus and discussing the proof, as students mill around them.
tt0326905
Action,Drama,War
In the winter of 1944, World War II was coming to a close. The Japanese held some of the American prisoners who had survived the Bataan Death March in a notorious POW camp at Cabanatuan and subjected them to harsh treatment; many prisoners were also stricken with malaria. At the time of the raid the camp held about 500 prisoners. The film opens with the massacre of prisoners of war on Palawan by the Kempeitai, the Imperial Japanese military's secret police. Meanwhile at Lingayen Gulf, the 6th Ranger Battalion under Lt. Col Mucci is ordered by Lt. Gen. Walter Krueger to liberate all of the POWs at Cabanatuan prison camp before they are killed by the Japanese. The film chronicles the efforts of the Rangers, Alamo Scouts from the 6th Army and Filipino guerrillas as they undertake the Raid at Cabanatuan. Throughout the film, the viewpoint switches between the POWs at Cabanatuan, the Rangers, the Filipino resistance and the Japanese. In particular, the film covers the resistance work undertaken by nurse Margaret Utinsky, who smuggled medicine into the POW camps. The Kempeitai arrested her and sent her to Fort Santiago prison. She was eventually released, but spent six weeks recovering from gangrene as a result of injuries sustained from beatings. Once recovered, she escaped to Bataan, where she served as a nurse with the Philippine Commonwealth troops and recognized guerrilla units until liberation in February 1945. (Source: Wikipedia)
tt0387514
Comedy,Drama,Romance
New York City. Rafi Gardet (Uma Thurman) comes to see her therapist, Lisa Metzger (Meryl Streep), and tells her she has signed her divorce papers. She is distressed because she has suddenly started to think she wants to have children. Lisa tells her she should try to live in the now, for now. Dave Bloomberg (Bryan Greenberg) is at home when his friend Morris calls. Dave joins Morris (Jon Abrahams) as he goes to see a girl he who has dumped him after their first date. Morris smears a cream pie in her face, which seems to be his usual approach to this situation. This time, though, the girl calls her brothers out from the house, and Dave and Morris do a quick escape in their car. Dave goes to see a movie with a girl. In front of the theatre he meets an acquiantance, Randall (Zak Orth), who introduces him to his friends Katherine (Annie Parisse) and Rafi. When Dave goes to the bathroom he finds himself locked out of the theatre, along with Rafi; they exhange looks. After the movie they all go out, and Dave and his date argue over whether or not they are dating. Later, Dave is in his bedroom with the phone. He calls Rafi, but hangs up. He calls again and finds the nerve to ask her out. There's noise in the background; he tells her it's his roommates, but it's actually his grandparents (Jerry Adler and Doris Belack), who he lives with. Dave picks Rafi up at her apartment building; he finds the doorman (Ato Essandoh) somewhat uncommunicative. At the restaurant he talks about the quirks of his Jewish family. They buy beer at an all-night store, and Dave has to show ID. Rafi asks Dave how old he is; he circles the subject, but they establish that she is 37 and he is 23. That's a bigger age difference than Rafi thought, but Dave convinces her to continue the date, and he takes her to a secret garden hidden behind a gate. Rafi is back with her therapist. We flash back to the garden, where Rafi and Dave chat and kiss. Rafi tells Lisa about the age difference - though she lies and says Dave is 27 - and she isn't sure she should be getting into a relationship, but Lisa says it's a good thing. Later Dave talks to his mother on the phone; she is worried that he is dating a girl who isn't Jewish. Rafi talks to her friend Katherine about Dave. Dave goes to his family home, and we discover that his mother is Rafi's therapist. After dinner they have argue; Lisa believes faith to be central in a person's life and thinks it causes too many problems to marry outside your faith. Dave says she sounds like an after-school special. He also tells her that the woman he is dating is older than him; he says 27. Dave visits Rafi at her apartment; he unsuccessfully tries to make the doorman laugh. They talk about art, listen to jazz and kiss. Dave and Morris go to a bakery to get Morris another cream pie, and Dave tells Morris about his feelings for Rafi. Dave's parents talk about how they can get Dave to date Jewish girls. Dave and Rafi go out again and end up sleeping together. Rafi goes to see Lisa again and talks excitedly about Dave. She blurts out his real age and admits that she was and is embarrassed by the age difference. She also says he is an artist, though he is not very confident about it and his family is unsupportive; we see a flashback of her and Dave talking about this. Lisa looks startled and asks where he lives. She realizes that they are talking about her son and breaks off their session. Soon she's on the couch of another therapist (Madhur Jaffrey), asking for advice on what to do. She decides to stay on as Rafi's therapist, not revealing anything. Dave takes Rafi out again, and they have a candlelight dinner next to a big painting by Rafi's favourite artist. Another day she comes to see him play basketball and takes him home to bed. Back at Lisa's office, Rafi talks about how much sex she and Dave have, how happy she is and how beautiful his penis is. They also touch on personal hygiene, and Rafi explains how Dave never used Q-tips before he met her, complete with a flashback. But Rafi also talks about her doubts about whether she and Dave can have a serious relationship. In another scene, Dave tells Rafi how his mother and family do not accept that Dave is dating a non-Jew. He remembers how he introduced a former girlfriend, who was black, to his grandmother, and how she reacted by wacking herself on the head with a frying pan. On the same day, Dave loses his job and has to find a new place to stay because his grandparents are swapping apartments with relatives. He goes to see Rafi at work, at a fashion shoot, and offends her employer. But he is soon forgiven, and at night they go dancing. Rafi insists they go to Dave's place after; she finds out he lives with his grandparents and laughs. She sees his paintings for the first time and tells him he should paint for a living. Dave drops off some stuff at his parents' place, saying he is staying with Morris for a while. When Rafi arrives for her appointment with Lisa at the office next door, Lisa narrowly keeps the two from meeting. Rafi tells her that Dave is moving in with her. That weekend the couple go to the Hamptons to visit Rafi's friends, a gay couple (David Costabile and Will McCormack), along with Randall, also gay, and Katherine. The group discuss politics and arts, but Dave feels excluded and feels like he's being tested. Randall expresses concern that Dave at his age might not be able to give her what she needs, especially when it comes to children. Dave and Rafi go to a gallery opening. She lets her contacts know about his art, but she doesn't introduce him to some of her friends. Dave still doesn't have a job and just hangs around Rafi's apartment all day. One day Lisa goes into a furniture store with her husband, and they have to hide when she sees Dave and Rafi there. In their next consultation, Rafi tells Lisa about her problems with Dave, but Lisa interrupts her. She tells Rafi the truth. Rafi is shocked and angry. She tells Dave, and Dave argues with his mother on the phone. Dave brings Morris to Rafi's apartment one day, but hides him in a closet when Rafi comes home early because she doesn't like other people in the apartment. She finds out and blames Dave for acting like a child. They fight. Later at a restaurant Rafi breaks up with Dave. One of Rafi's art connections comes to see Dave's pictures. He buys two and wants to set up a show. Dave also gets his own apartment. He is still down about Rafi, but Morris takes him out, and Dave ends up bringing a girl home with him - a model he previously met at Rafi's photo shoot (Mini Anden). But soon after he and Rafi meet in a grocery store and rush back to his place to have sex. They rekindle their relationship, and Dave talks his mother into having them over for dinner with the whole family. Rafi and Lisa make friends again, and the family seem to relax about the idea of Rafi and Dave together, and of Dave being a painter. Rafi mentions the possibility of having children with Dave. Rafi learns of Dave's night with the model. Heartbroken, she confronts him. Dave talks to his mother, who tells him she understands his love for Rafi, but that sometimes good things come to an end. One night Dave goes to see Rafi, who comes home at the same moment. The doorman makes sure they meet in the elevator. Dave apologizes. Next we see them in bed together. Dave says he wants to make a baby with her. Rafi says she can't let that happen. One year later, winter. Dave and Morris are walking down a street. Dave is talking about leaving and seeing the world. He realizes he forgot his hat in a restaurant, and he goes back for it. At the restaurant he sees Rafi and her friends at a table. He turns away and goes outside, but then he wipes a circle in the frost-clad window. Rafi sees him, they look at each other, she smiles. We see flashbacks of their relationship. Then Dave raises his hand as goodbye and walks away in the snow.
tt0486583
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Fred Claus has lived his entire life in his brother's very large shadow. Fred tried, but could hardly live up to the example set by the younger Nicholas, who was just a perfect, well, saint. True to form, Nicholas (a.k.a. Santa Claus) grew up to be the model of giving, while Fred became the polar opposite: a fast-talking repo man who's run out of luck and money. Eventually Fred's bad behaviour catches up with him and he is sent to jail. His only recourse is to turn to his brother. Over Mrs. Claus' objections, Nicholas agrees to help his brother on one condition: that he come to the North Pole and earn the money he needs by working in Santa's Toy Shop. The trouble is that Fred isn't exactly elf material and cut out for creating toys and spreading good cheer. With Christmas fast approaching, Fred could jeopardize the jolliest holiday of the year and ruin Christmas. *********************************************************************************************************************************************************** THE FOLLOWING IS NOT COMPOSED BY ME. THIS APPEARS IN ONE OF THE MOVIE SPOILER WEBSITES AND IS WRITTEN BY SOMEONE CALLED 'ILRPinkGirl!'. ITS SO DESCRIPTIVE AND FANTASTIC THAT I DECIDED TO SHARE IT WITH OTHER IMDB USERS. THE TEXT HAS NOT BEEN CHANGED IN ANY WAY AND APPEARS EXACTLY AS WRITTEN BY THE ORIGINAL WRITER. *********************************************************************************************************************************************************** The movie begins long ago in a land far, far away with Mother Claus giving birth to a baby, with her husband and son in the background. As the baby is born, the midwife comments on how its the biggest baby shes ever seen. Within a few minutes of his birth, the baby starts giggling and saying, Ho, ho, ho! Mother Claus calls her other son, Fred, over to meet his new brother, who she has decided to name Nick. Mother Claus refers to the new baby as her little Saint Nick, while Fred promises to be the best big brother ever. Over the next few scenes, we see how Nick and Fred develop as people, particularly the development of some Christmas traditions. First, on Nicks birthday, Fred makes a special journal with Nicks name on it as a present. After opening all of his gifts, Nick puts them in a box and tells his family he is going to take them to the homeless boy who lives around the corner, because giving gifts brings him joy. Mother Claus is obviously very pleased with her son, while Fred is angry that Nick is giving away his thoughtful gift. However, as Fred gets upset, Mother Claus says that Fred should learn to be more like his brother, causing Fred to be upset and resent Nick. Since he feels his family does not understand him, Fred often climbs a large tree in the woods, and visits the only person who understands him: a bird named Chirp Chirp living in a birdhouse in the tree. As Fred confides to the bird about his problems, the tree suddenly falls down, crushing the birdhouse and causing Chirp Chirp to leave. It turns out Nick cut down the tree; since Fred liked the tree so much, Nick thought it would be a great idea to bring the tree inside and put gifts underneath. This is clearly the last straw, and causes a permanent rift between Fred and Nick. As we cut to present day, the narrator explains that when Nick became a saint due to all his good deeds, Nick, his spouse, and immediate family became frozen in time, never to age. While we assume Nick has gone on to become the modern-day Santa Claus, we find that Fred now runs a Repo company, and is obviously not well liked. He then goes to see his girlfriend, Wanda, who gets mad at Fred for forgetting that her birthday was tomorrow. She also references that for their anniversary last year he had dropped hints about the Eiffel Tower and having her taking French lessons, only to give a bad gift rather than an implied trip to France. Fred promises that theyll be going to a new hotspot for her birthday (although he did not check out the restaurant, only naming the restaurant he sees on a billboard). The next day, we see that Fred wants to buy a property to open up a gambling facility, but needs to come up with $50,000 by December 22nd to secure the property. To get money, Fred grabs a Santa hat and a tin container and pretends to be working for the Salvation Army to get money. When the real Salvation Army Santas confront him, a comical chase ensues, ending with Freds arrest. Needing $5,000 bail, Fred tries calling Wanda, who doesnt answer because she is waiting for him at her birthday dinner, which turns out to be at a disgusting restaurant where men are watching sumo fights in the middle of the room. The policeman takes pity on Fred and lets him make one more phone call, and he calls his brother Nick. Fred tries to convince Nick to send $55,000, and Nick almost agrees, but Mrs. Claus instructs Nick to use tough love. Therefore, Nick says that hell send $5,000 to bail Fred out of jail, but hell have to come to the North Pole and earn the remaining $50,000. Back at his apartment, Fred is packing up when a boy named Slam comes in, who obviously doesnt have a stable living situation. He talks about wanting a puppy for Christmas, but Fred tells him not to count on others for things. At this time, family services shows up because his home is unfit and he is moved to an orphanage. Soon after, an elf named Willy shows up to take Fred to the North Pole. We learn that Willy is the head elf, and has a crush on Santas Little Helper Charlene, although she cant even remember his name. Once Fred and Willy arrive at the North Pole, Nick welcomes Fred warmly and shows him around, including the naughty/nice room. In this room, it shows a Top Ten List of the 10 most naughty children at any given time. There is also a humungous snow globe in the room, where you can say any persons name and see if theyre being naughty or nice. Fred asks to see Wanda, and we see his girlfriend talking to a guy on the street. The man asks Wanda if she has a boyfriend, and she says no (obviously upset that he stood her up on her birthday), and they agree to have dinner in the near future. Nick shows Fred where hell be working, looking at childrens files and determining if they are naughty or nice. While Fred starts working, Nick and Mrs. Claus are introduced to Clyde, an efficiency expert who has come to assess workings at the North Pole. He says the group has recently dumped the Easter Bunny and has limited the Tooth Fairy to a one person/one tooth rule. Further, if Nick gets three strikes by Christmas, Clyde will shut them down. Back at the workshop, Fred starts getting restless, particularly because the DJ elf keeps playing Here Come Santa Claus on a loop. Fred locks the DJ in a cupboard, puts on some dance music, and convinces the elves to vacate their stations to join in the dance party. Nick, Mrs. Claus, and Clyde walk in on this, and Clyde says that Nicks inability to control his work staff is Strike #1. That night at dinnertime, Nick convinces Fred to come to dinner with their parents and Clyde, and its clear that Fred hasnt spoken to his parents in years. Sitting down to dinner, Freds mother continues to brag about Nick and still says Fred; you should try to be more like your brother. Fred storms out and heads to Frostys Tavern and has a drink with Willy. Willy discusses his lack of self-confidence regarding Charlene, and Fred tries to teach him to dance. Unfortunately, Charlene enters the tavern just as Willy falls on his face, and runs off embarrassed. Later, when everyone else is asleep, we see Clyde sitting in Freds office, using a shredder to destroy many of Freds naughty/nice records. The next morning, while Nick is blaming Fred for the infraction, Clyde walks by, smirking, and says that was Strike #2. Suddenly we hear the Top Ten Naughty List changing, and Fred is shocked to see that Slam is now the #1 naughty kid. We see Slam arguing with the other children in the orphanage, saying the same types of things that Fred has said to Slam earlier. Fred realizes that children arent really naughty, but that theyre just scared or misunderstood. Therefore, Fred starts stamping every file as nice, and no one as naughty. Nick quickly realizes what Fred is doing, and knows that the elves will never make quota if every child is nice and needs toys. Nick and Fred end up in a snowball fight outside, which eventually gets physical and causes Nick to pull out his back. Frustrated with his entire family, Fred leaves the North Pole with his $50,000 as soon as they reach December 22nd, but Nick gives him one present to take with him. Fred waits until he returns home to open the gift, which is a birdhouse with a note that says, Sorry I cut down your tree. Nick. Obviously confused about his feelings towards Nick, Fred enters into a Siblings Anonymous meeting, where he is joined with the brothers of Alec Baldwin, Sylvester Stallone, and Bill Clinton. Eventually, Bills brother makes a nice speech about how, even though he could have ruined everything for his brother who he resented, he chose to be a good brother and let him be successful. Back at the North Pole, it looks like Christmas is lost: Nick can hardly get out of bed because of his back, and Clyde has given Nick Strike #3 because Fred marked everyone as being nice, rather than a mix of naughty and nice. However, 10 hours before the deliveries should start, Fred shows up! It turns out he used the $50,000 to charter a plane, boat, and sled dogs to get back to the North Pole and help out. Without Clydes knowledge, Fred and the elves work tirelessly to make at least one toy for each child, with no reference to if theyre naughty or nice. However, Nick still cant drive the sleigh, and only a Claus can deliver the toys. So Fred decides to be a good brother and deliver the toys. With Willis help in the sleigh (and elves back at the North Pole serving as mission control), Fred starts delivering presents around the world (including giving a puppy to Slam and telling him to care about others), but has to be back to the North Pole before sunrise, otherwise Christmas will be permanently shut down. Fred starts delivering toys, albeit without any gracefulness, with the help of Willy and the other elves. However, halfway through the night, Clyde pulls the electricity at the workshop, so that the elves can no longer give directions to Fred and Willy. While Fred and Willy try to finish delivering the gifts, Nick goes to talk to Clyde, finally realizing why he was holding such a grudge. It turns out that, as a child, Clyde had always wanted a Superman cape, but had always been on the naughty list. Nick gives Clyde the cape he had always wanted, ending the grudge between the two. Clyde tries to turn the electricity back on, but it still wont work, so Fred and Willy are on their own. All the elves wait nervously at Frostys tavern, and are upset to see dawn approaching. But at the last minute, Willy and Fred return, successful in their efforts. Willy, we a renewed confidence, goes to kiss Charlene, who can now remember his name and obviously returns the sentiment. With Christmas saved, Fred returns to Wandas house, but she is still furious with him. However, Fred feels renewed hope when we find out she never met the other guy for dinner, and gives her a present. She opens it to find a teddy bear holding a French flag, implying that he is going to keep his promise to go to France. As the movie concludes, we see how everyone is doing now: Fred and Wanda got back together, and used the sleigh to travel to Paris and see the Eiffel Tower. Charlene and Willy are now happily together. Clyde now works at the North Pole as a consultant, and helps the elves to meet quota without problems. Finally, we see Fred and Wanda meeting with Nick, Mrs. Claus and Mother and Father Claus meeting for dinner, showing that theyve reconciled and come together as a family. As we pan out of the last shot, we see the birdhouse right outside where everyone was having dinner, and see a bluebird landing and chirping happily.
tt0906108
Comedy,Drama
Four couples, who are also best friends, converge on a house in the mountains for a week-long retreat that has become their ritual of sorts to help work out their marital problems and ask the question "Why did I get married?". Though the couples have committed to being physically present for the week, some of them have not been emotionally present in their respective marriages for quite some time. The week is not planned out in a well-programmed sequence, so the events unfold somewhat spontaneously, beginning with their "adventures" in getting up to the mountain retreat. The first couple, Diane (Sharon Leal) and Terry (Tyler Perry), drives up together and argues most of the way because Diane refused to leave her job at the office and constantly gets calls on her blackberry or makes calls instead of talking to Terry. The other couple Angela (Tasha Smith) and Marcus (Michael Jai White)takes public transportation. Angela constantly argues with Marcus and with anyone who dares to interrupt them. Sheila (Jill Scott) is left to deplane (because of her weight and the requirement to purchase two seats) and drive the long distance in the snow, while her husband Mike (Richard T. Jones) continues on the flight with Sheila's single friend, Trina. Patricia (Janet Jackson) and Gavin (Malik Yoba) arrive by limo cab. Their journey is not documented, however, right before they leave to go to the retreat, Gavin shows up to pick up Patricia at a lecture she was giving (she is the author of a book called "Why did I get married?") and artlessly dodges a question about their marriage. Diane falls asleep not long after arriving with her blackberry close at hand, and when her secretary calls while she is asleep, Terry tells the woman not to call them while they are on their vacation. When Patricia arrives, she goes up to wake Diane at once while the men bond over the wine that Terry had poured for his wife. The sound of arguing signals the arrival of Angela and Marcus. When Mike arrives without Sheila, the other wives berate him and Trina, for having left Sheila to drive alone. Sheila's husband shows clearly that he does not care for her at all. Her friends try to reach Sheila by phone but get her voice mail only. Sheila is persistent to get to the retreat because she wants to make her marriage work. Providence leads her to Sheriff Troy's (Lamman Rucker) office and that is where she spends the night in a jail cell, because that is the only accommodation available to her because of the snowstorm. That same night, Mike tiptoes, not unseen by Angela to Trina's bedroom. Sheila arrives at the retreat house the following morning with Troy in tow. She introduces Troy to the others and tells them she has invited him to breakfast. Troy fast becomes a threat to Mike, Sheila's husband, not because of Sheila but because of Trina, with whom he is being unfaithful to Sheila. Breakfast is a noisy affair with the arguing couples throwing words for each other or Angela throwing words for Trina, the only single woman on the retreat, whom she instantly disliked. Throughout the few days spent on retreat, there are spontaneous revelations. The infidelity of two of the husbands leads to a discussion by the men of the 80-20 rule. This rule states that most men get 80% of what they need from a marriage yet they tend to go after the 20% that someone outside can provide for them because it appears to be more to them when it really isn't. The secrets that come out in their heated discussions lead the couples toward a path where they can either choose to reconcile or to separate and the latter is what happens to Sheila and Mike. Mike makes it clear he is not attracted to his wife any longer and when it is revealed he is being unfaithful, he simply tells her he wants a divorce. The vacation is cut short when all the secrets come to light, as the couples suddenly decide they cannot stay in the house any longer. Sheila checks into a local hotel to recover from the shock of her divorce and the realisation that Mike has drained her bank account. She is in a depressed state when Troy goes to visit her. He takes her up to a mountain where she cries and mourns the loss of her love and the only life she knew. The other couples head back home. Patricia and Gavin are barely speaking to each other-he called her stupid because she didn't strap their son in and he died in an accident - but he eventually forces her to face the situation, and she breaks down emotionally in his arms, they reconcile. Angela and Marcus are still fighting, especially when Keisha (Marcus' baby-mama, played by Kaira Whitehead) shows up at Angela's salon and disrespects Angela. Marcus finally stands up to both his wife and his ex, and then frightens Angela into realizing she is wrecking their life with her constant arguing by not showing up for a couple of days. Diane and Terry fight again right before they leave the mountains because he had a paternity test done on their daughter. They fight again on Terry's birthday at their home because Diane forgot about his birthday on top of the other things she did like tie her tubes without telling him. Terry tells her he is moving out. Patricia meets up with Diane and Angela moping over their husbands and gives them the counseling they need to get back on track telling them to make a list of the good things and the bad things their husbands have done. The men drown their sorrows in the bottle. In the mountains, Sheila is settling into a new life working for Troy in the general store his father owned and getting to know Troy and realizing her own self-worth. The two of them bond. Angela cooks dinner for her husband when she is finished with her list, but he suspects she is trying to poison him. Eventually she explains, they make up and set conditions of the new order. Diane goes to see Terry and begs him to come back after crying over her list. He plays with her head a little to get back at her, but they eventually reconcile too and all the couples converge on the gala celebration for an award that Patricia has received for her work. Diane, Patricia and Angela are shocked when Sheila introduces Troy as her husband. Ex-husband Mike, although he is still with Trina, is very jealous of Sheila's newfound bliss and tries to weasel his way back into her good graces but she tells him to go enjoy his "20", referring to the 80-20 rule.
tt0768212
Drama,Family,Sci-Fi
Noah and Emma Wilder are a young brother and sister (Chris O'Neil and Rhiannon Leigh Wryn) who find a mysterious box during a family beach outing. Items in the box soon show themselves to have (and give) abilities to the youngsters, as their parents (Joely Richardson and Timothy Hutton) gradually grow concerned. They are not alone in taking note of these changes. Noahs science teacher, (Rainn Wilson) along with his Tibetan Buddhist fiancée (Kathryn Hahn) get involved, as well as government forces led by Nathaniel Broadman (Michael Clarke Duncan). Presented as a flashback, The Last Mimzy is the story of a distant future's attempt to avert a catastrophic ecological disaster that has destroyed their world. High tech devices, masquerading as toys, are sent back in time into the hands of Noah and Emma, two children who live with their parents Jo (Joely Richardson) and David (Timothy Hutton) in early 21st century Seattle. The "toys" are mostly incomprehensible to Emma and Noah, except for what appears to be a stuffed rabbit named Mimzy. Sensing the strangeness of the devices, the children initially keep their discovery a secret from their parents. Interaction with the devices causes the children to develop increased intelligence and psychic capabilities, including teleportation of objects, telepathy, levitation, telekinesis, and the ability to communicate with arthropods. Emma becomes emotionally attached to Mimzy, from which she learns how to further operate the devices. The children's unusual abilities and Emma's obsessive attachment to Mimzy soon alert their parents and schoolteachers to the devices; later, a power black-out of the entire Pacific northwest caused by the toys alerts the FBI to their activities as well. The family is held for questioning, and it is revealed that Mimzy is actually an advanced form of artificial life utilizing nanotechnology created by Intel Corporation. Mimzy has brought a message from humanity's future, which Emma explains to mean that pollution has corrupted humanity's DNA. Many rabbits like Mimzy were sent to the past, but none had successfully returned; Mimzy is the last one remaining. Mimzy explains to the children that they must use the toys as a time machine to return her to the future with uncorrupted 21st century DNA, which the people of the future can use to correct the damage to their DNA caused by the ecological problems. Despite attempts by an unbelieving FBI to hinder them, Noah and Emma use their psychic powers to escape with Mimzy and the other objects and are able to activate the time portal by which Mimzy can return to the future. Fortunately, Mimzy carries with it a tear of Emma's, thus providing the pure DNA required to prevent the disaster. In the new future, Emma is revered as the "mother" of all the present generations, and the children exhibit the same psychic gifts that Emma had developed. The world has become a more beautiful place, where it is presumed that humanity has integrated better into the natural ecosystems.
tt0484562
Adventure,Drama,Family
Will Stanton (Alexander Ludwig) is a day away from his fourteenth birthday. As the Stanton children walk home, Miss Greythorne (Frances Conroy), the local mistress of the Manor, and her Butler Merriman Lyon (Ian McShane) invite the siblings to a Christmas party. Later, two farmers, Dawson (James Cosmo) and Old George (Jim Piddock), whom Will does not know, arrive at his house with a large Christmas tree ordered by the family. The farmers know Wills name, wish him a happy birthday, and predict bad weather despite the clear sky. Wills birthday is so close to Christmas that everyone in his large family ignores it except for his little sister Gwen (Emma Lockhart), who gives him his only birthday present (a Casio G-Shock Mudman wristwatch). The family has moved from the United States to a small English village and one of his brothers has arrived home for the holidays and displaces Will to the attic. For a Christmas present, Will buys Gwen an enigmatic stone pendant at the local mall. Two suspicious security guards accuse him of shoplifting and take him to their office. Alarmingly, whilst questioning Will under the room's flickering lights, the guards metamorphose into rooks. They attack Will, but he manages to escape, accidentally using his powers for the first time. Will begins to experience more odd incidents and receives a strange and Celtic-looking belt from his oldest brother, Stephen (Jordan J. Dale). At the Manor Christmas party, Will once again sees Dawson and Old George who seem to know him well. Miss Greythorne and Merriman debate about when and how to approach Will about his destiny. Maggie Barnes (Amelia Warner), an attractive local girl appears at the party and Will becomes upset when one of his older brothers approaches her and begins chatting to her. Will leaves the Manor, and an ominous figure mounted on a white horse and accompanied by dogs chases Will. As the ominous figure prepares to kill Will, who is currently no match for him, Miss Greythorne, Merriman, Dawson, and Old George suddenly appear and save Will. Merriman names the threatening figure as The Rider, who warns them all that in five days' time his power The Dark will rise. The four adults are the last of the Old Ones ancient warriors who serve The Light and take Will on a walk through time and space to a place called the Great Hall, which in the present day is the church the Stantons attend. Will is the last of the Old Ones to have been born: he is the seventh son of a seventh son whose power begins to ascend on his fourteenth birthday, though Will disputes this idea because he believes he is the sixth son. Will is The Seeker: the sign-seeker who must locate six Signs whose possession will grant The Light power over The Dark. The Rider is also seeking them. Will returns home to his attic room and falls and twists his ankle. The doctor who calls is The Rider in disguise but he is recognized by Will. The Rider demonstrates his powers on Wills ankle by alternately healing it and making it much worse before restoring it to its injured state. Will discovers he has a lost twin brother named Tom, who, as a baby, mysteriously disappeared one night and was never found. Merriman instructs Will on his powers, which include summoning superhuman strength, commanding light and fire, telekinesis, stepping through time, and the unique knowledge to decipher an ancient text in the Book of Gramarye. Will returns to The Great Hall, and learns the form each sign will take. Will reveals the first sign within Gwens pendant. As the sign-seeker, Will travels through time to find the next four signs. The Rider enlists a mysterious figure to help him get the signs from Will. When Will's brother invites Maggie to their home, she reveals some of her powers to Will. Will reveals his affections for her, saying he felt an instant connection with her. He tells her he has been thinking of her constantly. The Rider also tricks Will's older brother Max into helping him. The spell over Max is finally broken when Will uses his great strength to give Max a concussion. By the fifth day, The Dark that The Rider commands has now gained tremendous power and begins to attack the village with a terrible blizzard. Will locates the fifth sign but without the sixth sign, the Dark continues to rise. Maggie is revealed to be the mysterious witch helping the Rider in exchange for immortal youth. She is betrayed by him when she fails to get the fifth sign and ages rapidly, disintegrating into a flood of water. The Old Ones and Will seek sanctuary in the Great Hall, where the Rider cannot enter unless invited. However, The Rider's final trick (impersonating the voices of Will's mother and father, as well as Gwen) gains him access to The Great Hall. The Rider reveals that he has trapped Tom, whom The Rider mistook for The Seeker and kidnapped, within a glass sphere. He sends Will into an evil dark cloud. As he enters, Will solves the riddle of the sixth sign: he himself is the sixth sign. With all six signs identified The Rider cannot touch nor harm Will. Using his power over the dark, Will banishes both The Rider imprisoning the evil figure within one of his own glass spheres and The Dark. The sphere disappears into murky water. Will and Tom are reunited and return to their family.
tt0866437
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Single and childless Jocelyn is devastated at the loss of one of her prize-winning Rhodesian ridgebacks. Her friends Bernadette and Sylvia try to think of ways to distract her. They decide to start a book discussion group. While waiting in line to see "Mansfield Park", Bernadette strikes up a conversation with a tearful Prudie, who teaches French at the local high school. Prudie's husband Dean has just cancelled their trip to Paris and she is very upset. Over coffee, Bernadette suggest that Prudie join their book club. Prudie is not enthusiastic until Bernadette comes up with the idea of reading Jane Austen's novels. Sylvia and her lawyer husband Daniel have three children; two boys who are away at college and Allegra, an attractive young lesbian. During dinner, Sylvia's world is shattered when Daniel asks for a divorce. He has been having an affair with a colleague for some time. Sylvia leaves the restaurant in tears. Allegra is very supportive of her mother and moves back home for a while. They learn that Daniel's girlfriend is younger and very attractive. Jocelyn goes to a dog breeders' convention and meets Grigg, a sci-fi enthusiast who is attending a convention at the same hotel. He is attracted to her but at first she freezes him out. In an abrupt about-face, she invites him to join their Jane Austen book club. That brings the total to six people, with each one reading an Austen novel. The group meets at Starbucks to finalize details but Prudie is rude to Allegra, referring to her online jewelry business as "hippie handicrafts". Allegra starts to leave but Jocelyn stops her. Grigg arrives late, having gone to the wrong Starbucks. Introductions are made and each person chooses a novel. They decide to meet once a month at each other's homes. Grigg is what Bernadette calls an "Austen virgin" as he has never read the novels. Jocelyn tries to pair up Grigg and Sylvia, even though she is several years older. She thinks an affair with Grigg would take Sylvia's mind off Daniel. But he is only interested in Jocelyn. He brings her several sci-fi novels, urging her to read them, but she is not a fan of that genre. Prudie is attracted to one of her former students; a senior boy named Trey. He works at a bookstore and sells her some travel books about Paris. She covertly watches him in the school library and turns bright red when he suddenly looks in her direction. Dean suggests that Prudie invite her mother to visit while he is away on a business trip. Having grown up as the only child of a pot-smoking ex-hippie known as Mama Sky, Prudie is not enthusiastic. She never met her father and had only one picture of him. Mama wants to come to school with Prudie and watch her teach, but it isn't allowed. Prudie reluctantly allows her mother to drop her off so she can use the car, but warns her to be back after school. Mama is late and Trey asks Prudie if she will help him with his lines in the school play. He comes on to her but she rebuffs him. The first meeting of the Jane Austen book club is awkward. Prudie uses French phrases which she has to translate, not realizing that the others consider her stuck-up. Grigg bought a huge volume containing all six of the Austen novels, which amuses the group. Sylvia and Daniel meet with an attorney. Afterward, Sylvia is so upset that she cries in the restroom. Jocelyn tries to set up a lunch date for Sylvia and Grigg, but he asks her to go along. That is not what Jocelyn had in mind and the date doesn't come off. Allegra goes sky-diving and breaks her wrist during landing, necessitating a trip to the emergency room. She doesn't want Sylvia to know because her mother would worry, so she asks a fellow team member, Corinne, to call her and make up an excuse of why she will be home late. The young women are instantly attracted to each other and end up living together. Grigg keeps asking Jocelyn if she has read the books he gave her. He thinks she will like sci-fi if she will only give it a chance. Jocelyn promises she will get around to reading the books. Prudie comes home to find the smoke alarm blaring and her mother stoned, eating ice cream and brownies while watching TV. The hot pan of brownies made scorch marks on the living room rug. Suddenly fed up, Prudie orders her mother to pack up and leave. During a discussion of "Mansfield Park," Sylvia becomes upset and leaves the room in tears. There is adultery in the novel and Jocelyn feels guilty at having forgotten. She even wonders if the group will manage to get through the rest of the books. Grigg's choice was "Northanger Abbey". When it is time for him to host, he takes Jocelyn along while he buys a sofa. She is somewhat irritated when he buys the first one he sees, without regard to color and size. Prudie and Trey meet in her car during lunch period. She tells him it wouldn't be proper to have an affair, since he is a student. He points out that he is eighteen. Suddenly she sees Dean in the distance. While she goes to meet him, Trey slides out of the car unnoticed. That night the group meets at Grigg's house. He has rigged it with fake skeletons, cobwebs, bats, and spooky music. Sylvia finds it scary so he has to turn off the music. Bernadette tells them that Prudie's mother was killed earlier that day in a traffic accident. She and Dean have left to make funeral arrangements. At the funeral, Prudie accuses Dean of flirting with one of her friends. He denies it and they have an argument. Their marriage is in serious trouble and they both know it. Sylvia wakes up to the sound of a lawn mower. Daniel has come to mow but she orders him to leave. He seems to be trying to reach out to her but she reminds him that their marriage is over. The next meeting of the book club falls on the night of the local library benefit, of which Sylvia is in charge. The group decides to meet there to discuss "Pride and Prejudice." Daniel and his girlfriend have also purchased tickets and Jocelyn is determined to arrive early to support her friend. She accepts Grigg's invitation to ride with him but soon regrets it. On the way he runs out of gas and they are still miles from the library. Neither of them brought their cell phones. Angrily Jocelyn sets off on foot, berating Grigg for his carelessness. Emotions are running high at the dinner. Allegra has broken up with Corinne after learning that her friend had betrayed her. Prudie has been drinking and announces that Dean thinks Austen is the capital of Texas. Then she reveals that her father's picture was a fake. Mama Sky had no idea who her father was and she purchased the picture at a garage sale. No one knows what to say and Prudie runs into the restroom. Allegra follows and tries to comfort her. Later, Bernadette drives Prudie home. She confides in Bernadette about Trey but is assured that her feelings for him are a result of her grief. While wall climbing at a gym, Allegra falls and is briefly knocked unconscious. Sylvia and Daniel rush to her side. Later they sit by her bed, discussing how accident-prone she is. Daniel admits to having broken up with his girlfriend and admits he made a big mistake. The group meets at the hospital around Allegra's bed. Bernadette is teaching Prudie how to knit. Grigg and Jocelyn, having quarreled the night of the dinner, snipe at each other. There is only one more book left to discuss, "Persuasion". Since part of the novel takes place in Lyme, a seaside village in England, they decide that the last meeting should be at the beach. By that time, Prudie and Dean are barely speaking. After driving off, Prudie pulls over and exchanges her beach clothes for a sexy dress and heels. Instead of attending the last meeting, she has arranged to meet Trey at a motel. But when she arrives, she can't bring herself to get out of the car. She returns home and asks Dean to read "Persuasion." It is about a couple who used to love each other deeply but have fallen out of love, just like herself and Dean. At first he refuses but finally agrees to read the first chapter. Grigg has brought his visiting sister to the meeting. She wanted to meet the ladies who had talked him into reading Jane Austen. After cornering Jocelyn, she bluntly tells her that Grigg is in love with her. Daniel arrives with Allegra and her new friend, a doctor she met during her hospital stay. He started reading "Persuasion" with Allegra and thinks it is a wonderful book. He asks to stay and reluctantly Sylvia agrees. Prudie and Dean end up in bed and since "Persuasion" is a fairly short book, he ends up reading all of it aloud to her. They fall asleep in each other's arms. Jocelyn finally reads the sci-fi books from Grigg and loves them so much that she impulsively drives to his house to tell him so. They embrace, kiss, and make love on the new sofa. Sylvia finds a letter from Daniel in her morning newspaper. He asks to come back. When Allegra arrives later, she finds her parents embracing. A year later, the group once again gathers at the library benefit dinner. All the couples are still together and Prudie is pregnant. Bernadette arrives with her new husband, who has not read Jane Austen.
tt0473444
Action,Drama,Romance
The plot is based on Cao Yu's 1934 play Thunderstorm ( pinyin: Lei Yu), but is set in the royal court of a certain dynasty in ancient China. On the eve of the Chong Yang Festival, golden chrysanthemum flowers fill the Imperial Palace. The Emperor (Chow Yun Fat) returns from his various military campaigns with his second son and general, Prince Jai (Jay Chou). It is hinted in their brief but intense sparring session, that Jai has grown resentful towards his father and his controlling ways. However the Emperor is not afraid to warn the Prince of his past mistakes and that he shouldn't take anything of the Emperor's that is not given to him. The Emperor's pretext is to celebrate the holiday with his family, but given the chilled relations between the Emperor and the ailing Empress (Gong Li), this seems disingenuous. For many years, the Empress and Crown Prince Wan (Liu Ye), her stepson, have had an illicit liaison. Feeling trapped, Prince Wan dreams of escaping the palace with his secret lover Jiang Chan (Li Man), the Imperial Doctor's daughter. Meanwhile, Prince Jai, the faithful son, grows curious and then worried over the Empress's health and her abnormal obsession with golden chrysanthemums. Wan agrees but the younger son, Yu seems oblivious to the matter and does not question it further. The family reunites over the chrysanthemum terrace in which Wan's request to explore the frontier is denied by the emperor, along with Yu's request to command the imperial guard. It is decided that Jai will take that responsibility. It is shown that no one cares or really sees the youngest son Yu, and he is quietly dismissed. It is then shown that the Empress had failed to take her full dose of medicine at a required hour. The Emperor commands she take the full dose. The Empress refuses, knowing that something is not right. The Emperor instead commands the sons to make her take her dose to which she begrudgingly acquiesces after much coaxing from Wan and Yu. Jai also begins to sense that something is afoot. For ten days, the Emperor had ordered the Imperial Physician, Jiang Yiru (Ni Dahong), and his daughter Jiang Chan to secretly add poison of tiny amounts into the medicine that the Empress takes one dose of every two hours. This will eventually cause her to go insane, a sight that the Emperor would very much like, according to the Empress, who knows that her husband has grown tired of her strong and independent character. Feeling even worse after taking the medicine, the Empress sends a woman-in-black to find out the truth for her. The Empress's worst fears are confirmed but she continues to embroider, deep in planning. Confirming the Emperor's plans, the Empress summons Prince Jai, revealing to him her plot of rebellion and asks for his participation. Jai hesitates, saying that it would be difficult for him to confront the Emperor, his father, with sword and armor; but after seeing his mother has to take a poisoned dose before him, he agrees. The woman-in-black was captured by Prince Wan and taken to the Emperor, and it was revealed that she was Jiang Shi (Chen Jin), Jiang Yiru's wife, Jiang Chan's mother, and also the Emperor's previous lover. Everyone was led to believe she had died. But the fact is that Jiang Shi had escaped the Emperor's previous attempt of killing her, and was later saved by Jiang Yiru from dying, and then married him. When the Emperor senses a looming threat from this, he relocates the doctor's family from the Palace to a remote area. Prince Wan runs after them to see Chan, and senses that the Empress was plotting something from the information that Chan provides him with, and hurries back to the Palace. He confronts the empress in a rage, claiming that everyone will blame him for the rebellion. The Empress, already losing her mind, bluntly claims that she just wants Wan to die and continue with her plan. Wan, in a panic, stabs himself and is put under care. The Emperor comforts him, revealing that he knew about his son's affair with his wife but is confident that it was she who seduced him. Meanwhile, while the doctor's family are en route, mysterious assassins-in-black attack them, and kill Jiang Yiru. Chan and her mother are forced back to the palace on horseback. Their return sets off a tumultuous sequence of dark surprises. Amid the glamour and grandeur of the festival, ugly secrets are now revealed: Jiang Shi was actually the mother of Prince Wan, meaning his secret lover, Chan, is in fact his half-sister. Realizing this, a shocked and crazed Chan flees the palace, screaming in madness, with her mother chasing behind. Both are killed by the assassins-in-black, who wear the same clothes and armor and use the same weapons as the ones that previously attacked the family en route. After the turmoil raised by Jiang's Family, to everyone's astonishment, the youngest Prince Yu abruptly kills Prince Wan, and attempts to oblige the Emperor to abdicate the throne to him. He confesses that he also learned of the plot of the Empress and Prince Jai, and feeling that no one had cared about him, he had to act in advance to gain himself the throne. The Emperor's assassins-in-black eliminate Prince Yu's tiny rebel force easily, and the Emperor lashes Yu to death. The Empress, already caught in madness, does not seem to notice the violence and walks off, consumed in her plan. As the Imperial Family continues its elaborate charade in a palatial setting, ten thousand golden armored warriors all wearing the embroidered flowers the Empress made, are sent by her to charge the palace. Prince Jai is the commander of the army and ignores a warning, the Imperial banner his father had told the family about previously in the chrysanthemum terrace, that his father has placed. As they charge forward, the Emperor's personal assassins attempt to stop them. Although Prince Jai's men take various casualties, they manage to eliminate all the assassins and move forward. As the golden-armored army marches into the imperial square, they are boxed in by moving walls operated by the Emperor's men, the Silver Armours. Attempting to break the hold on the army, Prince Jai orders the army to charge forth, only to be cut down by thousands of arrows. Against a moonlit night, thousands of chrysanthemum blossoms are trampled as blood spills across the Imperial Palace. The Prince continues to fight in honour of his mother, with many falling to his pole-arm, but it is not until the Empress nods, that the Prince surrenders, their rebellion etched into the memory of the city and its inhabitants. Afterwards, the survivors of the golden armored army are all gathered, bound and executed on the Emperor's orders. After the battle, the courtyard is swiftly cleaned up as if the night's event had never transpired. The Emperor reveals to the Empress it was Prince Wan who informed him of their plot. The Empress simply states that she had a feeling he would. The Emperor confirms that she has truly lost her mind to continue such a redundant battle. Prince Jai is captured and the lords who assisted the Empress in building her army are executed. The Emperor brings his wife and bloodied son to the terrace for all the subjects to see. With two sons dead, a mad wife and a traitorous rebel for a son, the Emperor calmly reminds Jai to not take what is not given to him. Jai confirms that he knew he could not win the battle but it was not for the throne, but for his mother. Silently furious that his son's loyalty was usurped by his enemy wife, now completely mad, he orders Prince Jai to daily administer the poisoned medicine to the Empress, in the exchange for not ending his life. Prince Jai apologizes to his mother for his failure. The two share a tearful goodbye and Jai kills himself, his blood spilling all over the Empress's medicine. It shows the Emperor's silent shock at the act when he pauses to reach for his food, but no words escape him. The Empress, in shock and grief at losing her sons, her mind and still faced with the poisoned medicine in front of her that now contains Jai's blood, lets out a furious shriek and slaps the plate out of the servants hands. It is shown that the medicine contained an acid that upon spilling on the wood, begins to rapidly dissolve, eating away at the engraved chrysanthemum symbolizing the foul corruption and madness that the festival brought upon the entire forbidden city.
tt0804516
Crime,Horror,Thriller
It's Christmas Eve, Angela Bridges, an ambitious young executive, works late before she leaves for her family's holiday party. When she gets down to the parking garage, she discovers that her car won't start. Her garage is deserted and her cell phone doesn't get a signal underground. When Thomas, a friendly security guard, comes along and offers to help, Angela nervously accepts his gesture of good will. Soon after a failed attempt to start her car, he invites her to stay and share a small Christmas dinner he's preparing in the parking office, but she laughs it off. Angela doesn't realize this is no laughing matter. Thomas has been watching her closely--for months. His dinner invitation is not optional. If Angela wants to live to see Christmas morning, she must find a way to escape from level P2 of the parking garage. (Page last updated by galaxy1056, 7 months ago) The story centers on a corporate climber Angela (Nichols) who gets stuck working late on Christmas Eve before leaving to attend a family holiday party. On her way into the parking garage (P2), she greets the main lobby security guard, Karl. She gets into the parking garage, only to discover that her car won't start. After receiving some assistance (to no avail) from the security guard named Thomas (Bentley) and turning down his offer to spend Christmas with him, she calls for a taxi and waits in the lobby. When the taxi arrives, she discovers she's locked in the lobby and, with Karl nowhere to be found, quickly rushes back to the garage to find Thomas. The lights soon shut down and Angela wanders only guided by the light on her cell phone.She soon after trips dropping everything including her phone.After she retrieves it she shines it on herself revealing Thomas right behind her. Thomas assaults Angela, knocking her out with chloroform on a rag. Later, Angela awakens in a drunken haze inside Thomas's office, her ankle chained to the table, and Thomas presenting her with a Christmas dinner of turkey and mashed patatos. He is curious about her life and asks many questions about her past. Thomas mentions he is currently reading Ernest Hemingway's novel The Sun Also Rises. Thomas emplies that he loves Angela despite her many sins, the same way the novel's main character loves his girlfriend. Despite Angela's pleas and threats, Thomas continues to hold her there against her will, even forcing her to call her family and lie about an illness so that no one will come looking for her. Thomas decides to take Angela for a "drive," and while he is unlocking her chains, she drives a fork into his back, but is unable to escape. Handcuffing her wrists together behind her back, they climb into his car and drive down to P4. There, they find a fellow coworker, Jim (Akin), tied to an office chair. Jim once attempted to get physical with Angela in an elevator after having too much to drink at an office Christmas party, and having seen this on the security videos, Thomas presumed Angela wanted revenge.He tells her this is his present to her. When she refuses, Thomas explains that he has seen Jim touch more than just her and thinks it's unfair that he should be relesed because he apologized. When Angela tries to not only defend Jim but also herself,Thomas begins to believe Angela had deeper feelings for Jim than "just a co-worker" should have maybe even an affair to get a promotion. He changes his mind multiple times, whether he believed her or his own made up idea of how she feels about the married man.After arguing that Anglea should be the one to beat JIm, she gives in and says Yes, either thinking up a plan to run as soon as she's untied or going along with Thomas so she doesn't get hurt. But Thomas disagrees not wanting to make her a "bad person".Instead Thomas beats Jim repeatedly with a flashlight and then rams Jim into the wall with his car multiple times, causing his intestines to rupture out of his body and ultimately killing him. Amidst the murder, Angela is able to escape from the car. Once she has run a considerable distance away from Thomas, Angela manages to slide her legs through her handcuffed wrists so her arms are cuffed in the front of her body instead of the back. While Thomas hides the evidence of Jim's death, Angela rushes back to the office for her cell phone, and also steals some key cards. She finds phone signal near a gate on P1 and attempts to call for help, but drops the phone on the other side, when she sees that Thomas is rounding the corner, and has to leave it behind. She runs to the elevators with Thomas right behind, and enters with help from Thomas's key-cards.She attempts to go to the lobby but the floor button is mysterously broken and winds up back on P1 nearly face to face with Thomas and Rocky (his dog) before taking refuge in an elevator shaft by using the emergency stop between floors. She uses the emergency button to call for help. On the line is a man with a heavy South Asian accent. She pleads for him to call 911 but the man tries to convince her Thomas was just trying to help her. Angela then understands the voice is really Thomas's. He then begs her to come out of the elevator but she refuses. Thomas then forces her to leave by flushes her out by flooding the elevator with a fire hose from a higher floor.As the elevator floods a shadowy object falls from the ceiling later showing it is Karl's persumly dead body.When the elevator finally reaches the next floor it bursts open spilling Angela and Karl into the hallway.Hoping that Karl still may be alive, She tries to awaken him but he wont arouse. Angela then realizes to save her own life she must leave him.(Karl is later seen still on the ground where Angela left him, but now there is a large gash in the side of his head,fresh and maybe evidence he was still alive in the flooded elevator.Thomas then blames him for ruining Christmas and leaves his body in the flooded hall) Angela manages to escape into a shadowy corner of the garage to hide from Thomas, and in the meantime, he plays Elvis songs throughout the entire garage to torment her. Realizing he is keeping track of her with the security cameras, she breaks open an emergency fire axe and begins to destroy them while making her way to his office, prepared to fight. Once entering, she finds video playing of Thomas groping her breasts while she was drugged, and, blinded by her fury she smashes the TV with the emergency fire ax. Thomas then appears and ambushes Angela with a taser. Meanwhile, two police men arrive at the garage and want to patrol the area for anything unusual.Through most of their patrol (unknowingly to them)Thomas has the fire axe,hiding it from view when he speaks to them through his office door, ready to use it. Especially when they come across the boards layed over Jim's leftover blood splatter.They don't check behind it or find anything suspicious about it. Angela soon awakens, realizing she is locked in the trunk of her vehicle. She breaks free and rushes to catch the police before they leave but to no avail, and instead, encounters Thomas and his attack dog at the door. He releases Rocky(the dog) on her, but she smashes the window of a Lincoln Towncar and hides inside. When the dog assaults her inside, she stabs it in the head repeatidly with the tire iron she used to escape from the trunk. Once the dog is dead Angela (now covered in blood) stumbles to a nearby rental car office and calls 911. Thomas soon comes after her, but she manages to spray him in the face with some sort of chemical, taking a handful of rental car keys, and driving away in one of them. On her way to the exit, she is suddenly side-swiped by Thomas in another vehicle, leading up to a game of chicken in which Angela wins. However, in the heat of the chase, Angela flips the vehicle and is presumably knocked unconscious. Thomas opens the door to retrieve her, but having faked her injury, she stabs him in the eye with an envelope opener, chokes him with her handcuff chains, then uses his keys to unhancuff her self and then handcuff him to the wrecked car. Taking his taser, she goes to leave, until Thomas insults her but then notices she is about to ignite a stream of gasoline leaking from the car. He then pleads with her, "why can't we just be friends?" When she doesn't answer his pleas, he insults her by calling her the "C" word.Now, Angela has no mercy for Thomas so she quickly ignites the stream of gasoline, engulfing the car and Thomas in flames. She watches him burn and listens to his screams for a miniute, then turns around and leaves. With Thomas dead, Angela limps(because of the dog biting her leg) out of the garage, onto the snowy streets of New York City, and towards the lights of several ambulences.
tt0338216
Drama,Romance,Sport
Huck Cheever (Eric Bana) is a young and talented poker player in Las Vegas haunted by his relationship with his estranged father, L.C. Cheever (Robert Duvall), a two-time World Series of Poker Champion. Huck is a regular in Vegas poker rooms and wants to get a seat in the $10,000 main event No Limit Texas Hold'em tournament at the World Series of Poker. After a good night at the Bellagio poker room, Huck goes to a party and meets aspiring singer Billie Offer (Drew Barrymore), who has just arrived in town. The two seem interested in each other, but Billie's older sister Suzanne (Debra Messing) warns her that Huck is "hustle 10, commitment zero." Back at the Bellagio, Huck is doing well at the tables before L.C. returns to town from the South of France. Huck greets his father coldly. The two play heads-up. Loan shark Roy Durucher (Charles Martin Smith) who just observed the hand tells Huck that he plays poker as well as anybody, but he's a "blaster" (not patient enough) and always goes for broke. Roy proposes to finance Huck in the $10,000 main-event with a 60% (Roy) 40% (Huck) split if they win, but Huck refuses. After failing to borrow money from his friend Jack (Robert Downey Jr.), Huck goes to Suzanne's place hoping to get a loan. Instead he runs into Billie, who gets a call confirming that she has landed a job singing at a nightclub. Huck proposes a celebration and takes her to play poker at Binion's Horseshoe with the $1,000 in traveler's checks she has brought to Vegas. After introducing the game to her, L.C. arrives and shows Huck his mother's wedding ring that Huck had pawned and that LC he has redeemed. Huck repays the money that he borrowed from Billie with interest. However, he loses his winnings after she leaves. He fails to borrow money from his tenant. Huck heads to the nightclub and asks Billie out to dinner. Over Chinese food, Huck explains that his father stole from his mother before leaving her. Billie observes that Huck hates his father but still became a poker player. Huck says his father taught him how to play on the kitchen table with "pennies, nickels, and dimes." After dinner, they make love at Huck's place. As Billie sleeps, Huck steals from Billie's purse to play poker at the Bellagio again. Huck and Billie fall out over him stealing money from her. Huck goes to play in a super satellite for his entry to the main event. He appears to have the seat won, but a misdeal causes him to lose the seat. At the apartment, Huck apologizes to Billie again and says that he feels that they have a chance at something special. He says that if they end their relationship now, they'll never know. Despite a reconcilliation, Billie and Huck break up again due to Huck's gambling. When Huck goes to Suzanne's apartment looking for Billie, Suzanne says that Billie has gone home for a couple of days. Huck goes to Bakersfield and tells Billie at her house that he meant what he said when he felt they had a chance at something special. Huck plays poker against LC and lets his father win, and they become reconciled. Huck then goes after Billie and they reconcile as well.
tt1046997
Action,Drama,War
Two days before the Christmas of 1983 in New York City where an aged Puerto Rican World War II veteran Hector Negron (Laz Alonso) is working as a clerk at a post office. In the midst of helping a customer, Negron suddenly seems to recognize the man and immediately pulls a World War II-era German Luger from under the counter and shoots the man in the chest, killing him instantly. Several hours later, reporter Tim Boyle (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) and Detective Antonio Ricci (John Turturro) are at the crime scene seeking information. After some persuasion, Ricci allows Boyle to accompany two other officers who are going to search Negron's apartment, where the men discover a finely carved stone head, which is revealed to be a long missing segment from the Ponte Santa Trinita, a Florentine bridge built during the Renaissance which had been destroyed by the Nazis during the war. Also found is a Purple Heart, and a shot of a picture reveals he was also awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and Silver Star. Boyle begs an explanation from Negron, who then has a flashback to his experiences in the war. His personal journey through the war is displayed in a flashback which starts off where African- Americans and a black Puerto Rican man from the segregated Buffalo Soldiers 92nd Infantry Division are on patrol in 1944 Italy. After a disastrous attack on German positions across the Serchio River, in which an officer calls down artillery on their own position because he refuses to believe their reports of how far they have advanced, four soldiers are stranded on the wrong side of the river: Staff Sergeant Aubrey Stamps, Sergeant Bishop Cummings, Corporal Hector Negron and Private Samuel Train. Train finds an Italian boy named Angelo who is critically wounded. While traveling through the mountains of Tuscany, they come across a small village whose residents form a bond with the soldiers. After Negron finally gets his backpack radio working, they call in to headquarters and are told to capture an enemy soldier to interrogate about German counterattack plans. The local partisan group arrives with a young German ex-Waffen-SS/Wehrmacht Corporal (ex-Rottenführer/Obergefreiter) Hans Brandt captive, who is actually a deserter, having shot at a major while rescuing the boy Angelo from the massacre by the SS at the nearby village of St. Anna before transferring to the Wehrmacht where he deserts again. One of the partisans knows that the German captive can identify him as a traitor. After concealing the fact that German forces are approaching the village as part of a counterattack, the traitor kills the German captive. When the partisan leader confronts him, the traitor kills him too and escapes. (It is the traitor whom Negron will shoot 39 years later in the post office). While in the town, after the death of the German prisoner, Negron, Train's, Bishop's, and Stamp's commanderthe same one who had called down artillery on their headsarrives in the village to interrogate the German prisoner, but finds him dead. The Americans prepare to leave the village ahead of the German counterattack, but Train refuses to leave the boy behind, and assaults a lieutenant who attempts to separate them. Ludovico, one of the villagers, declares Train the "Sleeping Man" after seeing a resemblance between him and a local mountain invested by legend with protective qualities. After promising to court-martial all four soldiers, the officer and his contingent begin to drive out of town, but are caught in the German offensive. The remaining Americans and partisans hold their ground, killing many Germans, but are too heavily outnumbered. Train is fatally wounded after being shot twice while carrying the boy and dies soon thereafter. Bishop and Negron hold off the Germans while Stamps tries to get the villagers to safety, until Bishop is shot and dies. Renata, who is Stamps' and Bishop's love interest throughout the film, is killed along with her father; Stamps is soon shot and killed too. Now with only Negron alive, while trying to retreat, he is shot in the back but is saved by his radio. Angelo gives Negron the statue head that Train had carried since Florence, believing it carried magical powers. Negron gives Angelo his rosary and tells him to leave. Angelo is led away by the spirit of his brother Arturo, who had been killed during the massacre at St. Anna. Negron is spared by German Officer Eicholz, a former English teacher and the German prisoner's superior officer, who hands him his own Luger and says, "Defend yourself." More Americans arrive and secure the village and evacuate the wounded Negron. He receives a Purple Heart for his injury, and he is guaranteed a ride home due to injury. The movie then switches back to January 1984 to a court proceeding. In the end, Negron is saved from life in prison by a powerful executive attorney hired by a wealthy man who has made a fortune making seat belts and other safety devices, and who also purchased the statue head. Hector is brought to the Bahamas and is reunited with the statue head accompanied by its new owner. He holds it crying how he was the only one who knows about what happened during the time in the village. The owner tells him he is not the only one who knows, and takes out a rosary revealing himself as the grown Angelo. They both hold Hector's rosary and happily burst into tears. In this movie appears Christian Berkel who will later play the role of Fritz Shimon Haber in Haber (2008).
tt0492389
Comedy,Family
When Dan Sanders moves his family to the country, he's put in charge of developing a suburban neighborhood in a wooded area. Dan soon finds himself under pressure from his boss to push the project through while his wife and son pressure him to move back to Chicago. But Dan's situation soon gets worse when the local wildlife, led by a wily raccoon, stand their ground to protect their homes. It's not long before Dan finds himself in all out war with the animals.
tt0375210
Drama,Horror,Mystery
The title 'White Noise' refers to the phenomenon known as Electronic Voice Phenomena (EVP). People believe that you can hear voices of the dead in the white noise of a detuned radio and even see faces from the white noise on the television set. Michael Keaton stars in this thriller as Jonathan Rivers, a man who had just lost his wife in a freak accident. Raymond Price (Ian McNeice) meets with Jonathan and tells him that his wife Anna has contacted him from the other side. Jonathan doesn't believe him until he hears Anna's voice on his radio. Jonathan wants to talk to his wife, and he gets all the equipment. There is only one thing that Jonathan doesn't know, there are also bad people on the other side. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) KrystelClaire's outline Jonathan Rivers (Michael Keaton), a highly-stressed professional notices that a strange man is watching him from outside his home and his office. That man tells him that his wife, renown writer Anna Rivers (Chandra West) is dead and at peace, because she has talked to him from the other side. Jonathan Rivers dismisses him violently, but that night two police officers arrive: Anna has been found dead, the cause was not a robbery gone awry because she had her mobile phone and personal items on her. Some time later, Jonathan has not adjusted himself to be a widower, although he takes shelter in his job. One day, Jonathan is with one of the investors (L. Harvey Gold) who has contracted him. They are both going down in a lift when they get stuck and the lights are out. At that moment, Jonathan's mobile phone rings, and it says "Anna's phone". Jonathan gets so surprised that he doesn't pick it up. The lift soon starts working again and he goes on business as usual. However, back home, he checks Anna's mobile phone, still in the plastic bag the police had given it to him in. It has run out of battery. At that very same moment, Jonathan's phone rings again, and again it's from Anna's mobile phone. He picks it up: white noise is heard. Suddenly, somebody hangs up at the other side of the line. That night, female whispers are heard. Also, a message gets recorded in Jonathan's line phone, but he was able to hear it once, as the answering machine will say that there are no messages left after he has heard it once. Jonathan decides to visit Raymond Price (Ian McNeice) at his home. Sarah Tate (Deborah Kara Unger) is there, still with tears on her cheeks. Sarah leaves them alone. Ray tells Jonathan that he is not a medium or a magician. He just records images amidst the white noise and shows him the message of a female voice calling out "Jonathan, Jonathan" over and over again amidst white noise. Sarah offers a cup of coffee to Jonathan and she tells him that she has become addicted to the recordings. Sarah is satisfied, because they have just interpreted that her ex-fiancé is happy in the other realm. Jonathan starts tuning in the car radio, at home, always looking for the white noise. One day, while driving, he hears a female voice saying whispering something. Because of that distraction, he almost has an accident while driving. Back at Raymond's home, Jon is left alone hearing Anna and some more voices. Suddenly, angry sounds and images seem to invade the room, but Raymond deletes those in front of Jonathan. Raymond says that not all the voices are nice, that Jonathan shouldn't get nervous and that they are closer to getting an image of Anna. Jonathan goes back home, but Raymonds tells him to see him again fast. When Jonathan arrives, Raymond's home door is open, so he enters. Everything is dark, some figures appear on the tv's white noise, and Raymond is dead - maybe because of fright?. Jonathan calls the police. After the funeral, Sarah helps Jonathan to find Anna's original recordings. Alongside some fun messages, they found insults like "pig... rot". Mike (Nicholas Elia) is Jonathan's only son. He wonders why his father has bought so many tv's all of a sudden, and Jonathan tells him that it's better so that each one can see each fovourite tv programme. Jonathan doesn't pay much attention to Mike, as he's always too busy with the recordings. Jonathan visits a blind psychic, who says that Jonathan's doing a very dangerous thing because some of them don't like how he interferes with everything, and that she keeps on hearing "Willow Avenue". Even though the psychic tells tells him that Anna was pregnant, he doesn't believe her. The psychic tells Jonathan that he's misinterpreting everything. Next time in front of the tv, he watches many different faces, some of them menacing. Jonathan visits Susie Tomlinson (Amber Rothwell), whose mother died when she was born. Apparently, her grandmother has tried to contact her mother, and the former promised to tell her whether she has been able to talk to Susie's mother after her death. Susie says that her grandmother died two days ago, but Jonathan has been receiving messages from her for a week. Mike wonders what his father is doing, but he never gives a clear answer or pays much attention to him. Mike tells his father to be careful. Next time, Jonathan watches Anna tell him to come look for her. When he gets near to the screen, Anna is terrified and screaming. The shadows of three men (Bill Tarling, Chuck Walkinshaw and Colin Chapin) seem to have terrified Anna. A male voice also whispers "Willow Avenue". Jonathan goes there in a wet dark night. Once there, there is a short circuit in a high-voltage cables and pole. When approaching the site of a car accident, Jonathan notices three black shadoes flyting away. Closer, he notices a bloodied woman (Miranda Frigon) trapped within the car, shouting for him to save her baby. The mother dies but the baby is rescued by Jonathan. Carol Black's husband Frank (Aaron Douglas) refuses to listen to Jonathan, who realises that Anna is showing him the future of people who are going to die. Jonathan is sure that he's shown only the cases which he can help in. The shadows appear again amidst white noise. They realise that they have Mary Freeman (Suzanne Ristic), a kidnapped woman on Raymond's tapes. Anna tries to tell them where Mary is, but they can't understand her well. Sarah also appears on the images. That night, Jonathan can't sleep well, and he leaves the door open as he hears Sarah mutter in her sleep. When Jonathan goes to watch, he watches Sarah jumping backwards from the balcony of her home with dazed open eyes. Sarah is still alive, at hospital, although she's in a critical state. Detective Smits (Mike Dopud) wants to question Jonathan later on. Sarah wakes up to say that "it hurts, it hurts". When Jonathan returns home, everything is a mess, but his equipment is still working. He is shown a place before the three strange presences appear. Smits appears after Jonathan has left and gets puzzled over the mess. He distinguishes the terrified face of Mary in Jonathan's monitor. Meanwhile, Jonathan drives like a maniac to reach pier 16, following the images seen. He phones Smits to tell him of the place, but he doesn't seem to understand. At the derelict place, Jon arrives to see many screens and monitors on. A man is lurking in the shadows behind him. Anna's image advises him to leave now. Immediately, the shadows of the three men appear on the turned-on screens. Jonathan sees what looks like the torture tools of a psychopath, who's waiting for him while Mary is tied down. The three presences are present. The psycho is the worker who got Jonathan and the contractor from the lift. He says that the three presences had asked him to bring Anna to them as well. Sarah is turning and tossing at hospital feeling Jonathan's angst. When Smits and other police officers arrive, Jonathan has fallen down three or four storeys and is dead. Mike and Sarah go to the funeral. The radio of the car starts going to the white noise, and we can hear Jonathan's voice saying "I'm sorry", but Jane (Sarah Strange) - who is going to take care of Mike from then on- turns it off. Mike smiles. Sarah, in a wheelchair, if left alone at the cemetery. The breeze blows, it's a sunny day... but then the shadows seem to threaten her. Jonathan appears with Anne amidst white noise. They are both smiling.
tt0865559
Comedy,Romance
My Life In Ruins starring Nia Vardalos (from My Big Fat Greek Wedding) as Georgia, a college professor of Classical Greek studies who has lost her job at the university & has had to take the job as a tour guide to the most annoying of tourists. Feeling this job is beneath her & having a deep love for Greek history, she tends to bore most of her tour companions which tend to leave her less than stellar evaluations. Uptight & disillusioned Georgia has lost her "kefi," that joie de vivre, that spirit that Greeks seem to have. Will this group of stereo-typical tourists help her find her light or will she finally say "chairo" to Greece forever? -kris_tea Georgia (Nia Vardalos) came to Greece to teach Classical Greek studies at university. Budget cutbacks result in her being laid off. The only job she can get is as a tour guide; she's hit rock bottom. But Georgia is bored, and has lost her "kefi" (Greek for mojo) to boot. When taciturn sasquatch Poupi (Alexis Georgoulis) replaces the regular driver at the last minute, the frazzled tour guide thinks that her luck has just hit rock bottom. Thankfully, Georgia's latest batch of tourists is a more lively bunch than she's anticipated, and in between bouts with rival tour guide Nico (Alistair McGowan), she manages to form a genuine connection with wisecracking widower Irv (Richard Dreyfuss), a solo vacationer who maintains a jovial facade despite the fact that he misses his late wife dearly. With a little help from Irv, Georgia comes to realize that true love may be closer than she thinks -- if she could just recapture her kefi and open her eyes. [D-Man2010] A Greek tour guide named Georgia attempts to recapture her kefi (Greek for mojo) by guiding a ragtag group of tourists around Greece and showing them the beauty of her native land. Along the way, she manages to open their eyes to the wonders of an exotic foreign land while beginning to see the world through a new set of eyes in the process. [D-Man2010]
tt0489282
Adventure,Comedy
The movie begins with a few wildlife show bloopers hosted by an elderly man. Shifting to Peter Gaulke talking on the phone, you find that the elderly host is Peter's recently deceased father. Peter inherited the wildlife show, called "Strange Wilderness", but admits he is not as talented as his father. He begins to tell his story, which began some months back. With Peter hosting, it becomes obvious that his crew is nowhere near professional and even Peter lacks knowledge of wildlife. This leads to inappropriate scenes and the stating of wildely fictitious animal facts. The crew comprises boom operator Fred, cameraman Milas, Milas's stoner nephew Junior, and lazy laborer Cooker. Peter and Fred meet with their executive, Ed Lawson, who tells them he's cancelling Strange Wilderness in two weeks and is now promoting a new show with famous wildlife host Sky Pierson. Desperate to save his show, Peter fortunately meets with an old friend of his dad, Bill Calhoun, who claims to have discovered Bigfoot in South America. The mentally unstable Bill asks Gaulke for one thousand dollars in exchange for the map to Bigfoot. Out of respect, Bill claims to have come to Gaulke first but if Gaulke could not give him the money, he was instead going to sell the map to Pierson. Gaulke convinces Bill to hold to on the map for a few days as Gaulke raises the money to bring to Bill's home. Milas informs Gaulke he won't be able to make the trip because of his late age but ensures that his nephew can handle the job. Gaulke hires a "wildlife handler" named Whitaker, an alcoholic car mechanic. They pool their money and start for Bill's cabin in an RV. Gaulke's friend Danny and a new public relations agent named Cheryl join the crew. A little way into the trip, Fred spots sea lions prompting Gaulke to shoot footage. Danny dresses in a giant sea lion costume, intending to get close up shots. Danny is attacked by a shark and seriously wounded. The crew uses their money to pay for Danny's treatment, leaving them broke. After a run in with some latino gang bangers, Gaulke and Fred are forced to visit a dentist after having their teeth knocked out. While waiting, Junior manages to steal a tank of nitrous from the dentist to sell and get their money back. Unfortunately the tank begins to leak in the RV causing the crew to go on a two day long nitrous bender. They arrive at Bill's cabin to find out Bill already sold the map to Pierson after being unable to contact Gaulke. Bill is extremely paranoid and needed the money to keep up with his needs for antipscychotics. He has multiple cameras in his home and deduces that he can make out the map for Gaulke from the footage of Pierson's visit. The footage shows Pierson having sex with Bill's wife, enraging Bill and prompting him to hook Gaulke up with a discount for hiring a successful tracker named Gus Haden who would navigate them to their destination. Leaving Bill's cabin, Gaulke discovers baby turkeys while urinating. The mother turkey attacks the exposed Peter and winds up with Peter's penis lodged in its throat. It's discovered the turkey was part of a government study and locating the turkey yields the crew a five thousand dollar reward. At the Mexican border, Gaulke pisses off the border agents and they wind up with their RV torn apart and Gaulke walking funny after an assumed cavity search. Once released, the crew takes a plane for the rest of the journey and meet up with a man named Dick who leads them to Gus Haden. During the night, Gus Haden steals all of the crew's possessions, along with the map, and disappears with Cheryl. The crew tries to proceed with Dick as their new guide, but while crossing a river Dick is killed and eaten by piranhas. Cheryl returns to their group, claiming she found Gus stealing their stuff and convinced him to take her with him. She managed to get the map after doing a sexual favor for Gus, so the crew drudges on. Sky Pierson and his crew are discovered dead, killed by the natives, leaving behind their firearms that the crew then picks up. They eventually find Bigfoot's cave and Gaulke begins a voiceover with the cameras rolling.Behind Gaulke's back, Bigfoot emerges from the cave, stretching and yawning. Noticing the crew, a confused Bigfoot manages to say "Huh?" before the panicked crew guns him down. In an effort to rescue the story, the crew hangs Bigfoot in his cave so as to make it appear as though he committed suicide, despite the obvious, bloody bullet wounds. Ed Lawson rejects Gaulke, leading to the crew fighting each other and disbanding. It's returned to the beginning scene, where Gaulke is talking on the phone, having concluded his story. Milas visits Peter in his apartment, convincing him to not give up and to reassemble the crew. In the final Strange Wilderness clip, the crew, along with a now healed Danny, taunts the great white shark that attacked in the sea lion scene. It then concludes with Ed Lawson praising Gaulke, stating that people love sharks. With Pierson now dead, Lawson approves putting Strange Wilderness back on the air, much to the suprise of Gaulke and Fred.
tt1792543
Action,Drama
After the death of her father, a daughter fulfills his last wish and finds a way to bring her three brothers back together... Sam (John Cena), a hardened cop currently on suspension, Leo, a loud-mouthed overbearing bail bondsman, and Douglas, a handsome twenty-year old thief fresh out of prison, who until recently never knew he even had a real family. When Leo discovers the con he pledged a lot of money for is suspected of kidnapping one of the wealthiest men in the country, he somehow convinces his two brothers to help him track the delinquent down so he doesn't lose his high-priced bond. After following the con all the way into Mexico, action quickly develops as the three brothers find themselves in the middle of a dangerous yet exhilarating adventure in the hopes of saving a missing man, and at the same time, rejuvenating a brotherly bond.
tt0780595
Action
The film begins with a $1 million bet between mob boss Michael (Angus Macfadyen) and film producer Jerry Brecken (Tim Matheson) over driving from Los Angeles, CA, to Las Vegas, NV, in under an hour and 45 minutes. Michael hands the keys to his Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren over to his driver Jason (Jesse Johnson). Using night-vision goggles and keeping the lights off to minimize police detection at over 200 mph, Jason manages to arrive at Brecken's hotel room seconds before the time limit - only to deliver a pack of "Hiagra" (a parody of Viagra). The next day, music producer Infamous (Eddie Griffin) and his entourage arrive at a garage to pick up his Ford GT. There, he meets the beautiful Natasha Martin (Nadia Bjorlin), who happens to own the garage. She is also a professional race car driver and lead singer for an aspiring band. However, she is sometimes haunted by memories of her father's death at a NASCAR race many years ago. In appreciation of her services on his Ford GT, Infamous invites Natasha and her band aboard his private jet en route to Las Vegas. Meanwhile, on another side of town, Carlo (Nathan Phillips) has just returned from a tour of duty in Iraq. He meets up with his brother Jason while fighting a group of Asian gang members attempting to steal Jason's Ferrari F430 Spider. Carlo is not happy that Jason is living with their uncle Michael, whom Carlo always sees as nothing but trouble. Little do they know that Michael has been running an unsuccessful counterfeiting ring and owes another crime organization millions of dollars. Carlo and Natasha first meet at a party in Las Vegas, where he saves her from a group of drunk partygoers harassing her. In the midst of the ensuing fight, Carlo and Jason bail out of the party and speed off in a Lamborghini Murciélago Roadster, while the thugs chase after them in a Ferrari 612 Scaglietti. The two brothers manage to lose the thugs by speeding through the underside of a truck trailer, while the thugs fail to clear the trailer and crash on several parked cars. On the outskirts of Las Vegas, a high-stakes race event is being held, with Michael, Brecken, Infamous and Chinese businessman Marcus Cheng (Michael Hagiwara) placing their bets over who has the better car. When Infamous' driver fakes an ankle injury, Infamous gives Natasha an offer to drive his car. Natasha is reluctant at first, but agrees to drive for Infamous in exchange for $300,000 and a recording contract. Little does she know that Infamous has to place her on his wager, as Michael - who has been obsessed with her since watching her perform on stage earlier - has placed four platinum bars at stake. Natasha (driving an SLR) takes on Jason (driving a Lamborghini Diablo). As they approach the finish line, Natasha is several car lengths ahead of Jason, but Jason quickly zips past her by engaging the onboard nitrous system. Unfortunately, because of the excessive speed, the Diablo loses downforce, flies off the ground and flips in mid-air before crashing upside down at the finish line. Attempting to avoid the falling Diablo, Natasha crashes on a barrier and is knocked unconscious. Before Carlo can reach Jason to rescue him, the Diablo bursts into flames, killing Jason instantly. Michael's henchmen, dressed as paramedics, place Natasha in an ambulance and speed off. Natasha wakes up in Michael's mansion, realizing that she is now his property. Meanwhile, Carlo meets up with some old military friends and picks up some ammunition and gear before riding a Ducati 999 towards Michael's mansion. After Carlo successfully rescues Natasha, Michael has his henchmen kidnap her mother and convince her to drive for him at the next race. In the final race, Michael, Brecken, Infamous and Cheng place their bets for a combined purse of $100 million. Shortly after the race begins, Natasha receives a phone call from Carlo notifying her that he has rescued her mother. Infamous and Cheng are eliminated from the race after their cars (an SLR and a Porsche Carrera GT, respectively) are involved in separate crashes. Natasha and Brechen are still on the race. As both cars reach the finish line, Natasha (driving Michael's Enzo Ferrari) is several car lengths ahead of Brecken's Saleen S7. The good news that Carlo told her on the phone earlier prompts her to slam the brakes hard, stopping the Enzo inches away from the finish line and giving the S7 the win. With no money left, Michael is given a last ride from the crime organization he owes money to. As a way of thanking Natasha for handing his driver the victory, Brecken gives her a recording contract (which shortly lands her on the cover of Variety), an Enzo and a Koenigsegg CCX. The film ends with Natasha (in the Koenigsegg) and Carlo (in the Enzo) racing each other before being chased by the police on the freeway.
tt1319704
Drama,Thriller
When jaded teens Jim, Eva, Emily and Mo meet William online, they're seduced by his charisma. But William isn't what he seems. He's calculating and manipulative and doesn't have time for people in the real world. Jim is vulnerable and he has no idea how dangerous his new friendship with William will be. When Jim confesses he's on anti-depressants, William knows he's found a victim. He vows to help Jim off his drugs, and the rest of the group fall in line. What begins as friendly advice to help Jim becomes twisted and Eva and Mo realise the deadly game William's playing, but the wheels are in motion. Jim is set on a path of self- destruction, and is going to do the unthinkable. As Eva, Emily and Mo try to save Jim, William begins a terrifying game of cat and mouse chasing them across the internet, shutting down their systems, and cutting them off from his victim. Fantasy meets reality when William and Jim are face to face in rush hour on the underground. Without the faceless security of the online world, everything becomes real. It's now a race against time to save Jim, but the clock is ticking... and we fear someone must die.
tt1571243
Action,Drama,Thriller
While working with the UN Forces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Marine Sgt. Brandon Beckett (Chad Michael Collins), son of renowned sniper Thomas Beckett, receives orders to rescue a European farmer trapped in the middle of hostile rebel territory. When he and his men arrive at the farm, a mysterious sniper ambushes them, wounding Beckett and killing everyone else. With the help of his fathers former protégé, sniper instructor Richard Miller (Billy Zane), Beckett must learn to think like a sniper to track down the assassin before the sniper returns to finish the job. On top of this he must also track down the one who is giving the orders and reveal a conspiracy.
tt1196204
Comedy,Drama
It's 1973 in working-class England, and three blue-collar friends spend their days joking, drinking, fighting, and chasing girls. While angry Bruce (Tom Hughes) and lovable loser Snork (Jack Doolan) are happy with life the way it is, Freddie Taylor (Christian Cooke) seeks upward mobility. Toward that end, Freddie lands a job selling insurance and is assigned as his coach his grim, emotionless boss's Mr. Kendricks (Ralph Fiennes) equally grim son-in-law-to-be, Mike (Matthew Goode), whose fiancée (the boss's daughter) Julie (Felicity Jones) Freddy knew years before. Mike is the classic heartless sales associate, feeding on the fears of common folks. After work, Freddy continues to hang with his lowlife pals, who prefer recreational pursuits such as defacing property with lewd graffiti and getting into fights in entertainment venues, which always end with local cops Davies (Steve Speirs) and Renwick (Burn Gorman) rounding them up and taking them into custody overnight. Davies is friends with Bruce's unemployed, passive father, whose wife, Bruce's mother, left him for another man 20 years before, and who suffers constant verbal abuse from Bruce. The socially inept Snork gets a job at the train station, frequenting a sandwich shop where he fancies sweet, long-suffering waitress Louise (Bryony Hannah). When Freddy is summoned to a meeting at the Kendrick home, he observes how little regard Mr. Kendricks has for his lovely, dignified wife, Mrs. Kendrick (Emily Watson). While there, he accidentally stumbles upon Julie, who tells him of her longing to travel and take pictures of the world. Somehow, Freddy wrangles his friends tickets to his company's annual "Winner's Ball", a stolid affair where cracks start to form in Freddy's image of the wealthy world he thought he wanted to enter. There he overhears Mike reassuring Kendricks that he'll "keep Julie in line" and not let her have a career in photography, her passion. The final straw for Freddy in insurance sales occurs when he pays a followup visit to the home of a couple to whom he sold life insurance, only to discover that the husband has died and the newly bought policy is worth next to nothing. He decides to ditch his life in Cemetery Junction and go off and see the world. He convinces his friends to leave with him the following day. That night he invites Julie to go with him and his friends to a club for their "last hurrah" before they depart the next morning. Julie enjoys herself, but Bruce predictably gets into a fight with a fellow clubber who makes a racist remark about Bruce's choice of dance partner. Bruce gets taken to the precinct, where Davies, sick of seeing Bruce waste his life and abuse his father, reads Bruce the riot act, telling him the truth about his mother and why she left. Meanwhile, Freddie takes Julie home and they go inside to her darkroom, where they develop the photos she took of the gang. At an intimate moment, Freddie asks Julie to come with him on his trip, but she refuses. He tries to persuade her by pointing out what lies ahead for her if she stays in town and marries Mike, but she tells him to leave. After he does, Mrs. Kendricks comes in to talk to Julie, confirming what Freddie had observed about her parents' relationship. The next morning Freddie goes to pick up his friends. Bruce has been released from custody and Freddie encounters him going home. Bruce tells Freddie that he can't leave his father, and we see Bruce enter his house and begin the process of reaching out to his father. Freddie continues to where Snork is, but Snork has finally declared his love to Louise, who finds his self-drawn erotic tattoos appealing. Disappointed that he's leaving alone, Freddie nevertheless boards the train. At the last moment, with her mother's encouragement and over her father's protests, Julie, joins Freddie on his adventure.
tt0119695
Action,Comedy,Crime
In Los Angeles, Franklin Hatchett (Chris Tucker) drives down the street singing along to the songs on the radio in his car. After a meeting with a friend, he heads to the car wash that he works at. Also at the car wash is local reporter James Russell (Charlie Sheen), who is doing a report on inner city crime. He notes Franklin's habits of conning and illegally buying and selling things, and unsuccessfully tries to interview him in order to get him to confess on camera. Angered at being blown off by him, Russell calls the police, who come arrest Hatchett. Hatchett is held in jail, and eventually loaded onto a prisoner transport bus along with several other criminals. Hatchett and another criminal, Raymond Villard (Gérard Ismaël), do not get along, but are handcuffed together. Meanwhile, Russell presents the video of the police arresting Hatchett to his boss, hoping it'll be big news, but his boss dislikes it and fires him after they argue. The bus is attacked on a bridge during the transport by a group of commandos, aided by one of the bus drivers, all of whom are there to spring Villard. They blow up the bus and shoot everyone inside, and recover Villard, and Hatchett goes with them, as he's cuffed to Villard. The corrupt bus driver, actually a criminal named Dubray (Frank Bruynbroek) greets Villard once on board their helicopter after the escape. He cuts the pair free of each other by breaking the handcuffs, and Hatchett hears them discussing a large amount of stolen diamonds hidden in the dashboard of car. The two prepare to kill him, waiting until they get over land to drop him, but he jumps out of the copter, and falls into the water below as they shoot at him. They fly away, but Hatchett surfaces, and gets onto land. Hatchett enters a diner and orders food, but two cops come in and sit down, scaring him. He keeps calm until pictures of himself and Villard are shown on TV during a broadcast about the bus escape, in which Hatchett has been falsely linked to Villard and the cop killings he and his men committed. The cops quickly connect him to the pictures on TV. He gets up and dives behind the bar just as they pull out their guns, and they open fire. He manages to get outside, and they chase him, but he loses them amid the traffic. Seeing Russell's face on an advertisement on the back of a bus, Hatchett resolves to contact him. The two meet at a dock, and after an initially hostile confrontation, Russell convinces Hatchett to stay with him, saying he'll prove his innocence of the murders. The two then go to his home, and Russell calls his boss and tells him that he has Hatchett, and his boss gives him his job back so that he can publish the story in time for Sweeps week. After Hatchett cleans himself up, the two attend Russell's wedding rehearsal dinner, where he meets Russell's fiancee Grace Cipriano (Heather Locklear), and her parents, Guy (Paul Sorvino) and Connie (Veronica Cartwright). Hatchett pretends to be the son of famous singer Vic Damone, and endears himself to Guy. Meanwhile, two police officers, Bobby Pickett (Paul Gleason) and Detective Williams (Daniel Roebuck), interrogate Hatchett's girlfriend Paula (Elise Neal), and wiretap her phone. Hatchett calls Paula during the rehearsal, who is furious, and he says he'll come see her. He quickly learns this is out of the question when he tries to leave, as he sees police cars driving around searching for him. He convinces Russell to help him, and the two set out to look for proof of Franklin's innocence. They head to Paula's home, where Hatchett consoles her and convinces her that he's not involved in the killings reported on the news. He and Russell are forced to flee when Pickett and Williams show up after hearing Hatchett and Paula's phone conversation, and the cops chase Hatchett and Russell across several rooftops, though the pair manages to escape. The two then head to a European nightclub which Russell claims he can get them into, since Hatchett believes the culprits behind the murders are there. They're denied access, but Hatchett calls the club and claims there's a bomb inside, causing a large panic, and all the patrons flee the club. Villard and Dubray drive out from around the alley next to the club, and open fire on the pair. They flee down the street, avoiding gunfire, as the two criminals keep up in their car, and they hide in a small shop. The criminals enter the shop, and one of them violently guns down the shopkeeper, who was woken up by the commotion. When they don't find Hatchett and Russell, they leave. The two then visit Hatchett's childhood friend Aaron (Michael Wright), who is a local arms dealer. He gives the two several guns to carry with them, promising to help them if they get into trouble. The next morning, the two visit the Cipriano home, where Russell smooths things over with Grace, who saw his picture on TV as a suspect, along with Hatchett, both now wanted for murder since the police know Russell is aiding Hatchett. Hatchett eats breakfast with Guy, and Guy shows him the expensive watches he's buying for Russell and Grace as wedding presents. Hatchett convinces him to buy the couple a car as a wedding gift, and the two go to an auto expo where Hatchett plans to search for the cache of diamonds he heard Villard and Dubray discussing earlier. Guy and Franklin get into a bidding war with Villard, Dubray, and the other Europeans over a car, and Franklin calls the police, telling them that the Europeans are at the expo. Russell arrives and finds him, and the two begin to argue about Hatchett's actions, which results in a fist fight. Hatchett beats Russell, and goes into the garage where the cars are stored. He finds the diamonds inside one of the car dashboards, but Dubray finds him, and the two engage in a lengthy car chase which ends when Dubray is caught in a large pileup of civilian cars on a street. Back at the expo, Villard finds Russell and kidnaps him. Franklin meets Paula at a restaurant, and he shows her the diamonds. He explains what happened and the two try to decide what to do. He then receives a call from Villard on Russell's phone, who tells him that they have Russell and that they'll kill him if the diamonds aren't returned. Franklin agrees to meet them at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He also calls the police, a local mob boss whom he owes money to, and French mercenaries, and they all agree to meet him at the coliseum as well. Once there, Franklin finds officers Pickett and Williams, but Pickett shoots Williams, revealing himself as a dirty cop employed by Villard. Franklin knocks him out and escapes, but the other parties arrive, and a massive shootout ensues. During the chaos, Russell frees himself, planting several grenades under Villard's helicopter, and he and Franklin meet up. The police detectives and the crew of mobsters are all wiped out, but Aaron shows up with some of his men, and they even the odds, using RPGs against Villard's men, and Dubray is also killed. Franklin and Russell are then cornered by the rest of Villard's men, but Franklin throws the diamonds into the air and they scatter all around, causing the me to drop their weapons and try to grab them. The police arrive, and Villard tries to escape in his helicopter, but the grenades detonate, and he's killed in the explosion. In the end, Franklin and Russell are cleared of all charges, and Russell marries Grace, with Franklin as his best man, and Franklin gives Russell the ring, with a diamond on it, and Russell realizes that Franklin said an unknown number of the diamonds.
tt0118632
Drama
Written and directed by Robert Duvall, The Apostle also features Duval as the central character in this biopic of Eulis F. Dewey, a self-proclaimed holiness preacher who admits to his wife, played by Farah Fawcett, to having a "wandering eye" and actual infidelities, but also adamantly declares his love for his wife, his children, and his Lord. Beginning at the scene of a tragic automobile accident, Dewey pulls over to surmise the situation. His mother, (June Carter Cash) remains in the car at his bidding as he makes his way to a vehicle out in the tall grasses of a field, almost, as it were, led by a spiritual force. Upon finding a young man at the wheel, and his motionless girlfriend at his side, he speaks only to the young man's spiritual condition, the need to repent and believe upon Jesus for the salvation of his soul. An officer approaches and insists that he must leave the scene and finally succeeds in getting him to return to his car. He drives his mother home, readies to leave, but she pulls what apparently is her usual stunt of requesting her blanket, and he returns to find her on the floor. He simply covers her and says that he has to go, and jokes about her speaking to St. Peter for him in glory. To be continued...
tt1288403
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
A group of terrorists led by Commander Topov (Zachary Baharov) kidnap the Ukrainian prime minister's son and daughter and hold them hostage, demanding the release of their imprisoned comrades within 72 hours. In addition, they have taken over the crippled Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant and threaten to detonate it if their demands are not met. It is revealed that among the ranks of the terrorists is an experimental Next-Generation UniSol (NGU) (Andrei Arlovski) who was smuggled in by rogue scientist Dr. Colin (Kerry Shale) U.S. forces join up with the Ukrainian army at the plant, but quickly retreat when the NGU slaughters most of them effortlessly. Dr. Porter (Garry Cooper) Dr. Colin's former colleague on the Universal Soldier program, revives four UniSols to take down the NGU, but they are systematically eliminated. Former UniSol Luc Deveraux (Jean-Claude Van Damme), who is undergoing rehabilitation therapy in Switzerland with Dr. Sandra Fleming (Emily Joyce) with the goal of rejoining society, is taken back by the military to participate in the mission. As the deadline nears its expiration, the prime minister announces the release of the prisoners. The terrorists, having gotten what they wanted, rejoice and shut off the bomb. Dr. Colin, however, is not pleased with the outcome, as he feels his side of the business is not done. As the NGU is programmed not to harm the terrorists, Dr. Colin unleashes his second UniSol: a cloned and upgraded version of Andrew Scott (Dolph Lundgren) - Deveraux's nemesis - who quickly kills Commander Topov. However, Dr. Colin never considered Scott's mental instability, and he is killed by his own creation. Scott then reactivates the bomb before heading out to hunt the children. In the midst of the chaos, Capt. Kevin Burke (Mike Pyle) is sent in to infiltrate the plant and rescue the prime minister's children. He is successful in locating them and leads them toward safety. On their way out, they encounter the NGU. The children flee as Burke tries in vain to hold off the NGU, who stabs him to death after a brutal fight. With 30 minutes remaining on the bomb's timer, a re-conditioned Deveraux is geared up and sent to the plant, where he kills every terrorist he encounters. He searches the buildings and finds the children cornered by Scott. Scott, who has distorted memories of Deveraux, is about to kill the children when Deveraux attacks and a grueling fight ensues. In the end, Deveraux impales Scott on the forehead with a lead pipe and fires a shotgun through it, blowing his brains out. As Deveraux escorts the children to safety, they are attacked by the NGU. Deveraux and the NGU take the fight to the site of the bomb, with less than two minutes remaining. During the melee, Deveraux removes the detonator and jams it in the back of the NGU's uniform as they both jump out of the reactor chamber. NGU pulls the detonator off his back as it explodes, taking him with it. U.S. soldiers quickly arrive on the scene and tend to the children as Deveraux leaves. Burke's body is placed in a black bag and taken away, as well as recovered pieces of the NGU. In Langley, Virginia, Burke's body is shown stored in a cryogenic chamber as a new UniSol, along with multiple clones made of him.
tt1307873
Action,Mystery,Thriller
Three police officers, Detectives Poley (William Fichtner), Frizer (Thomas Kretschmann), and Skeres (Delroy Lindo) are interrogating Ned Cruz (Antonio Banderas), a Los Angeles private investigator, who tells them that five years earlier (featured in a series of flashbacks), Russian mobster Skinny Faddeev gave $30 million in blood diamonds as an advance to Anton (Robert Maillet), a boxer, to intentionally lose a fight against his nephew. However, during the fight, Anton unintentionally killed the nephew. When Skinny was found dead, Anton was sentenced to life in prison. While Anton was in prison, he received over 200 letters from a woman named Lexie Persimmon. Anton escaped from prison five years later and is determined to find Lexie. In the present day (in another series of contemporary flashbacks) Anton approaches and gives Ned the job of finding Lexie. Ned is skeptical about his job, since he doesn't have a photo of Lexie. As he starts investigating the various clues, people start dying mysteriously. Ned first interviews actor Adam Nova (James Van Der Beek) whom he had worked for in the past about trying to keep secret Nova's sex life. Nova dies when his house explodes. Next, Ned interviews a certain Zooey Wigner (Rebecca Mader) at a local hospital who is being treated for drug withdrawal about Lexie and who used to work at the strip club where Lexie supposedly worked. Zooey is found dead the next day in her apartment having been drowned in her bath. Ned talks with a porn producer/director named Puss (Snoop Dog) about the women that work for him and about the woman Lexie. Puss is found the next day dead from a broken back. Ned also notices that a black Lincoln is following him, which he assumes is the Russian Mafia. He finds a clue from a discarded letter that Anton had given him that leads him to believe that Lexie might be in San Celeritas, New Mexico. In New Mexico, Ned meets a tattooed waitress named Fay Neman (Autumn Reeser)-a particle physics buff-who helps him. Fay seduces Ned in his motel room for some "organic" function experiment. Ned also meets Simon (Sam Elliott), his wife Julie (Sienna Guillory), and Niels Geck (Jimmi Simpson), a physicist who is conducting an experiment for Simon. Simon is interested only in finding the "God particle" and feels indifferent when Julie tries to warm up to Ned. Ned suspects that Julie might really be Lexie and decides to tell her what is happening. Meanwhile, Anton tracks down Ned to Simon's bungalow. Ned confronts Julie with his suspicions about Lexie's true identity, but Julie has no idea what he is talking about. Ned and Julie hear gunshots, causing Ned to suspect that Anton is at the house. Realizing that he and Anton have both mistaken Julie for Lexie, Ned tries to save her. When the duo head toward the basement, Ned is astonished to find Niels dressed like a woman, and in a blonde wig. A box containing cosmetics has the phrase "Lex Parsimoniae"-a Latin phrase meaning "When all things are equal, the simplest solution is the best"-printed on it. Ned realizes that Niels had written the letters to Anton, who becomes angered when Niels tries to convince Anton to accept him. In a shootout, Ned is injured and passes out. The story cuts back to the present day, where it is revealed that Niels and Anton killed each other while the detectives, who had followed Ned to Simon's house, held Ned and Julie hostage. Julie is kept bound and gagged with duct tape. Ned accuses the trio of following him and killing the people he met, also stating that Skinny was killed for diamonds, which his killer never recovered. Ned proves that Frizer alone killed all the people who could have known about the diamonds. Frizer admits his crimes, for which the other detectives scold him. Ned looks at a glass tank containing a gecko and realizes something; he tells the villains that he knows where Niels stored the diamonds. The detectives take Ned and Julie to the spot where he had confronted Julie after she had shown him a hidden shoe box. While Julie and Ned are in the car, Skeres and Frizer go to get the shoe box. Meanwhile, Poley spots Julie and Ned signaling each other. He attacks them, but they overpower him and manage to drive the car towards Skeres and Frizer. Skeres and Frizer are disappointed when they discover the diamonds are not in the box. When they see the car coming towards them, they realize what is happening and start shooting. Ned shoots them both dead. Meanwhile, Simon the physicist's experiment destroys his lab and creates a giant crevasse. Ned and Julie speed away in the car, and they later pick up Fay, who happens to be their co-accomplice.
tt0118708
Action,Comedy
A clan of ninjas finds an abandoned chest that has been washed onto shore, and find a white baby inside. One of their ancient legends spoke of a white foreigner male who would come among the ninja and become a master like no other would. The boy, Haru, is raised amongst the ninja, with the expectation that he may be the one of whom the legend speaks. As Haru grows into adulthood, doubts are quickly cast over him for being the great white ninja. Haru is clumsy and lacking in ninja skills and so fails to graduate as a ninja with the rest of his class. Left alone to protect the temple while the clan are on a mission, Haru disguises himself as a ninja when an American woman, Sally Jones, comes to the temple seeking assistance. Sally says she is suspicious of her boyfriend, Martin Tanley, and asks Haru to investigate. Haru discovers that Tanley and his bodyguard, Nobu are involved in a money counterfeiting business, but could not find Sally to inform her. Haru leaves Tokyo and goes to Beverly Hills in search of Sally. Gobei, Haru's adoptive brother, is sent by the clan's sensei to watch over and protect Haru, with Haru unaware of his presence. Haru checks in at a Beverly Hills hotel, where he befriends bellboy Joey Washington, and teaches him some ninja lessons. Unaware that Gobei is helping him, Haru manages to find Sally. Haru tracks Tanley and Nobu to a night club located in Little Tokyo, where they are attempting to retrieve a set of counterfeiting plates from their rival gang. The gangs fight, resulting in the deaths of two of the rival gang members, for which Haru finds himself the suspect. After receiving guidance from his sensei, Haru resumes his quest to search for Sally, and tracks down Tanley's mansion. Haru also then finds Sally and discovers her name is Alison Page who informs him that Tanley murdered her sister, and that she is dating Tanley in search of evidence which is why she used the fake name was Sally Jones. Haru disguises himself as a Japanese restaurant chef, and discovers Tanley will be hiring an ink specialist named Chet Walters to help counterfeit money. Haru then disguises himself as Walters to gain access to Tanley's warehouse. Haru's identity is exposed after failing to properly counterfeit the money and is captured by Tanley. While Tanley succeeds in obtaining the other half of the plates that night from the rival gang, Alison rescues Haru, only to be kidnapped by Tanley herself. The next day Haru enlists Joey's help in finding the warehouse. After they fail, Gobei intervenes without Haru's knowledge and leads them back to the warehouse. Tanley locks Alison in a room with a bomb. Haru attempts to intervene but is inundated by Tanley's guards. Gobei reveals himself to Haru, and manages to distract the guards, allowing Haru to rescue Alison. Haru attempts to defuse the bomb but fails. On hearing Gobei become inundated by Tanley's guards, Haru leaves Alison to assist Gobei. Seeing Gobei about to be killed, Haru snaps and suddenly demonstrates amazing martial arts moves, stunning Gobei. Haru saves Gobei's life and successfully defeats several guards himself. Haru and Gobei are left facing off Nobu and two guards. Joey, attempting to enter the building, crashes through a window and knocks himself and one of the guards unconscious. Haru and Gobei defeat Nobu and the remaining guard. Tanley then confronts Haru and Gobei. In the fight that follows, Haru accidentally knocks Gobei unconscious by hitting him in the head with a sheave, but forces Tanley to flee afterwards. Haru returns to attempt to rescue Alison. Using a large harpoon gun mounted on a cart, Haru shoots a harpoon through the room which inadvertently lands in the back of a truck in which Tanley is trying to escape. The harpoon drags the bomb into Tanley's truck and explodes. Haru successfully rescues Alison, then Tanley and his surviving hitmen are arrested by the LAPD. Sometime later back in Japan, Haru informs his sensei he will be returning to Beverly Hills to live with his girlfriend Alison. Haru and Alison leave together on a bus. A grappling hook tied to a rope has fallen from the bus and hooks into Gobei's wheelchair, causing him to be thrown into the ocean. Haru shouts an apology to Gobei.
tt0118771
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Married couple Jeff and Amy Taylor (Kurt Russell and Kathleen Quinlan) are driving across the country from Boston to California. While driving through somewhere in rural New Mexico, they almost collide with another truck on the road. Jeff is later confronted by its driver, a hostile redneck cowboy named Earl (M.C. Gainey), at a gas station. A short time afterwards, their car breaks down in the middle of the desert. Amy accepts a ride with a passing trucker named "Red" Barr (J. T. Walsh) to a small diner about five miles down the road to call for help, while Jeff stays with the car. Jeff discovers disconnected wires to be the problem with the car and drives to the diner, but no one there has seen his wife. While driving to the nearest police station, Jeff spots Barr's truck and runs him off the road. The trucker swears that he has never seen her, or Jeff, before. Jeff hails a passing sheriff, but a brief search of Barr's truck is fruitless for Amy is nowhere to be found. Jeff tries to tell the sheriff (Rex Linn) that the trucker is lying about not remembering him or Amy, but the sheriff tells Jeff that he should drive to his station about 20 miles down the road and file a missing person's report. Jeff drives to a local police station where he talks with the deputy (Kim Robillard), about his wife's disappearance. The Deputy advises Jeff to go back to the diner and wait for his wife. Jeff does so, but he cannot get any cooperation or help from the diner owner or any of the patrons. When Jeff insists on looking at the receipts in the last few hours, the diner owner threatens him with a rifle, forcing Jeff to leave. Outside the diner, Jeff is asking all persons coming and leaving if they have seen his wife, which none of them respond that they have. Jeff ends up meeting Billy (Jack Noseworthy), a local simpleton and mechanic, who says that he saw his wife arrive with Red and leave in another truck driven by a cowboy. Billy then tells Jeff where they have taken her, but tells him not to go the police because they may be involved. Following the directions that Billy gave him, Jeff drives down a rural back road, running into a gate at a construction site. While he tries to figure out his next move, he's ambushed by Earl. After a short car chase, Jeff escapes by driving his car into a river. He exits the sinking car and floats down the river, later circling back around to where his attackers are salvaging it from the water. He is then found and knocked out by Billy. Jeff awakes in the trunk of a car. Billy (who drops his simpleton routine) opens it and asks how much money Jeff has, which is then demanded in exchange for his wife, who is being held hostage. The two rednecks, Billy and Earl, remove Jeff from the trunk and bring him to their ringleader standing nearby... who happens to be Red Barr. Barr demands that Jeff withdraw a large sum of cash in exchange for Amy from a local bank in the nearby small town of Brackett. Barr gravely warns him that they'll be watching him closely. If Jeff doesn't comply fully, Barr promises to kill and mutilate Amy. Jeff heads into the local bank to withdraw money and starts to confide in the bank manager about what is going on, but is dissuaded by an unknown person entering the bank. Unsure of who is part of the conspiracy holding his wife hostage, Jeff stops talking. While the manager is busy with the transaction, Jeff takes some money ribbons and a letter opener from the manager's desk. After leaving the bank with the money, Jeff is contacted by Barr from a payphone to leave the town by walking, where he is picked up by Earl. While gloating about how easy Jeff and his wife were to trick and implying that they intend to kill them anyway, Earl discovers that Jeff has wrapped stacks of $1 bills with a single $100 bill on the top and the bottom of the stacks, using the money ribbons he took from the bank manager's desk. Jeff then stabs Earl with the knife that he stole and forces him to reveal where his wife is. But just then, the same sheriff from the beginning of the film, seeing the truck being driven erratically, pursues and attempts to arrest both Earl and Jeff. Earl shoots the sheriff with a pistol concealed in his boot. Just as Earl is about to shoot Jeff, the wounded sheriff shoots and kills Earl. Jeff uses the Sheriff's radio to call for an ambulance and leaves behind the wounded sheriff to find his wife. Although initially unsuccessful at finding Billy or his wife at the truck stop Earl mentioned, Jeff spots Red Barr, who is preoccupied with a telephone call to an accomplice. Seeing two State Troopers searching for a suspect in the shooting of the sheriff, Jeff manages to jump onto Barr's moving truck at it pulls out of the truck stop. After driving all night, Red Barr arrives at his family's farm where he greets his wife and teenage son, whom they address as 'Warren'. Jeff hides in a barn and watches as Red, Billy, and a fourth accomplice, a tow truck driver named Al, take Amy from a compartment underneath a moving van that they've also stashed Jeff's Jeep in. They lock her in a freezer in the basement under the barn to suffocate and return to the house. Jeff also discovers that Red and his accomplices have apparently been preying upon unsuspecting travelers and truckers for some time now by stealing their money, luggage and cargo and killing them afterward. Jeff finds a pistol in the moving van and enters the house and demands the basement keys from Red. Red's teenage son appears with a rifle and threatens Jeff, but accidentally shoots Al in the arm after Jeff knocks the gun from his hands. Jeff forces them to return to the barn. Red's wife opens the barn basement, and frees Amy from the freezer. Jeff locks everyone in the basement, then he and Amy find a pickup truck at a nearby abandoned trailer home. They manage to drive off just as Red tries to run them down in his semi. As dawn begins to break, Billy, Al, and Red pursue Jeff and Amy on the highway; the former in cars and the latter in his truck. Billy's and Al's cars are forced off the road when Red's trailer jackknifes, but Red follows them onto a bridge and tries to push the pickup truck over the edge. Amy's leg gets pinned underneath the dashboard, but Jeff escapes and fights Red in his truck, which then falls off the bridge and gets stuck on a barrier support. While Jeff hangs from the truck, Red tries to whip him off with a chain but Jeff grabs it and Red falls off the truck and to the rocks below. Jeff frees Amy and the two look down at the seemingly-dead Red, who then starts to move. Amy (clearly shaken and teeming with rage) then pulls the automatic shifter on their pickup truck which has been holding Red's truck in place and it falls and crushes him. Relieved that their nightmare is over, the final shot shows Jeff and Amy standing in the middle of the bridge beside their damaged pickup truck looking over the guardrail at the bottom of the ravine at the burning truck.
tt0131325
Comedy
The movie opens with Bobby Bowfinger sitting alone in his office reading a script. As he finishes reading the script, he gets a twinkle in his eye, believing that he's found the perfect movie moment. The next day he gathers his staff and actors and tells them about the brilliant script called "Chubby Rain" that was written by his very own accountant Afrim. They then figure that this is their only shot at making a movie. So Bobby gets out his life savings - some $2200, and they start getting the equipment and the crew that they need to make the movie. Bobby then goes to meet executive agent Jerry Renfro at a chic Hollywood restaurant. He slips the maitre d' $20 and asks to be seated at the table next to Renfro. As he pretends to be an elite movie producer and fakes his way into having a conversation with Renfro about the script for Chubby Rain. He hands the script to Renfro and he reads through it, eventually agreeing with Bobby about the script's final moment which has the hero screaming "Gotcha suckers!!" that that is a great catch phrase. Bobby tells Jerry about the plans to get Kit Ramsey in the film's lead role. He then agrees that if Bobby gets Kit Ramsey, they've got a go picture. In Kit's mansion, he is unloading at his agent, telling him about how there's no good Hollywood moments and no good catchphrases anymore, that it's all style and no substance. The agent tries to tell him that the script he's just read is good and this movie has that moment, but it's not the moment that Kit is looking for. Kit then heads to his weekly appointment at Mindhead, a psychological collective that has obtained cult-like status among the Hollywood elite. Bobby has managed to sneak past the gate and heads to talk to Kit, now pretending to be a script delivery guy for a major Hollywood agent. He and Kit are having what appears to be a civilized conversation, and Bobby tells about how he's about to go for his appointment at Mindhead. Kit offers Bobby a ride to Mindhead, but when Bobby reveals who he really is, Kit goes ballistic and has him thrown out of the car. Back at the office, Bobby comes up with another idea - they film the movie without Kit knowing that he's going to be in it. His producer Dave thinks this is a bad idea but Bowfinger decides to pursue it anyway. We then see a young woman named Daisy, who is looking for work, getting off a bus. She goes to Bowfinger's "studio" where he has her audition for the female part in the movie. Daisy is a naive Midwestern woman who is a first time actress seeking fame and fortune. Kit goes to his meeting to meet Terry Stricter, who is the head psychiatrist at Mindhead for his weekly meeting. Kit talks to Terry about how he's better when he goes to his happy place and that he heavily believes in aliens and conspiracy theories. Dr. Stricter then reassures Kit that he will not do the one unforgivable action - show "it" (meaning his male organ) to the Lakers cheerleaders. Back at Bowfinger Films, Bobby is giving a pep talk to his staff about how this is the opportunity that they've been given to finally make a motion picture. And that once they're famous and successful, that Fedex truck will be making multiple stops at their studio with future projects, and that will be the day that they truly know they've made it. Bobby then wonders what exactly they're really in for with no star. Day 1: Bowfinger tells Dave to supply the equipment. He does so by checking out a camera from his day job at Universal, and using the van with S&Y Construction painted on the side. The first shot of "Chubby Rain" is Daisy chasing Kit's limo as it leaves his mansion for Mindhead. Kit has no idea what's going on as he looks out his window and sees the action behind him. Back at Bowfinger films, they are reviewing the first shot of the movie and Bowfinger realizes that this movie is going to work. Day 2: Kit and his agent are having a meeting at another chic Hollywood restaurant. Bowfinger and his crew are going to be there. Bowfinger cleverly disguises his crew to look like homeless people as they shoot the first scene of dialogue involving Carol and Kit. But Kit still has no idea what's going on, and Carol's approach and the dialogue about the movie - which discusses alien love, has made him even more paranoid than normal. Kit is resuming the conversation that he had with his agent about how there are no good scripts out there. Kit then heads to an emergency meeting with Terry Stricter. Kit then reveals to Dr. Stricter about his plans to show "it" to the Laker cheerleaders. Day 3: Daisy and Slater are discussing that they both need some more scenes with Kit, and are discussing the best course of action to take as far as getting some actual screen time with Kit. Although no one still has any clue as to the fact that Kit doesn't know that he's in the movie. Afrim even has written some extra scenes with Kit to incorporate into the movie. Day 4: Dave has tracked Kit to Mindhead. In the parking lot, they film the climactic scene in the movie where Carol confronts Kit in the parking lot. Kit, still unaware of his involvement in the film, thinks that someone is actually following him through the parking lot and begins to freak out. It's then revealed that Bowfinger has his dog wearing a pair of high heels following Kit through the parking lot. Back at the offices, they review the film and Carol is completely in awe of Kit's professionalism. Afrim is bragging about his screenwriting abilities to Daisy, who then sees an opportunity to get some more screen time in the film. Day 5: Kit is heading to an upscale department store to buy some new clothes. The store offers him the clothes for nothing if Kit makes an appearance outside their store. Kit demands $1000. Carol decides to confront Kit and then begins to talk about their screen time in the film. That makes Kit even more paranoid than usual. At Kit's mansion, Terry Stricter makes a house call and Kit talks about how the aliens might be following him. Dr. Stricter then offers to let Kit stay in Mindhead's special "celebrity quarters". Back at Bowfinger films, they're wondering what to do now that Kit's out of the picture. Bowfinger then instructs Dave to hold auditions to find anyone that even remotely looks like Kit to get the shots for the scenes that they need. He then settles on a guy named Jiff. Day 6: Bowfinger's first day of shooting with Jiff. who bears an unbelievably striking resemblance to Kit, has him running across US-101 in Los Angeles. Jiff fears for his life running across the freeway but Bowfinger assures him that the stunt isn't for nothing. Day 7: Bowfinger is realizing his cash supply is dwindling at an extremely rapid rate. Thankfully he has a date with Daisy that night, who's manipulating Bowfinger into getting some more screen time and time with Jiff / Kit. Bowfinger then catches a break when Daisy leaves her wallet unguarded and then takes advantage of her "lost" credit card and uses it to purchase tons of equipment that they then use to shoot additional scenes with. Day 8: The new equipment that Bowfinger purchased allows them to shoot some indoor scenes for the movie, and Daisy and Jiff have their on screen romantic moment together. Day 9: Just as no one knows where Kit is, Carol stumbles upon an opportunity to shoot the next scene for the film - Kit is appearing at the department store that he was in just days before. They borrow Renfro's one of a kind 1946 Buick to use to shoot the scenes with. This scene they approach Kit (or Keith Kincade) in the department store, once again freaking him out. Bowfinger is approached by a cop who stops him and asks for a film permit. Bobby instead offers him a part in the movie. As the scene unfolds, it freaks Kit out to the point where he does anything he can to run from what's happening. Day 10: While sitting at a diner eating breakfast, Jiff reveals that he's in fact the biological brother of Kit Ramsey - not just some guy who really looks like Kit Ramsey. This causes Bowfinger to have a change of heart as to how Jiff is being used in the film. But Jiff really likes working for Bowfinger and is excited to be a part of cinema where before he was working at a fast food restaurant. Day 11: A security guard discovers the "found footage" of Chubby Rain locked up with all the rest of the equipment that Dave was borrowing and reports it to Mindhead, causing Terry Stricter to become suspicious about what's really going on. Meanwhile, they're getting ready to shoot the film's big ending scene at the Griffith Observatory. Dave checks out a crane truck and then they disguise it to shoot Kit's car from overhead. The final scene begins to play out and Kit is heading to the Griffith Observatory as originally planned. Afrim disguises himself as a mutated alien causing Kit to really freak out and get in the car, Daisy follows, and then Slater follows with Jerry Renfro's car. Just as Kit is about to say the film's signature catch line "Gotcha Suckers", Bowfinger is discovered by Terry Stricter who was proven right about how the paranoid some times are actually being followed. Back at Bowfinger Films, the group is completely defeated and begins to wonder how they're going to turn their careers around - if they have a shot at all. That is until Dave comes back with the crew and tells Bobby about how they followed Kit around to obtain some extra shots for the movie. The footage proves to be useless until one piece catches Bobby's eye. They now have the permission they need. Bobby heads to Mindhead to show Stricter the footage they recorded of Kit. It turns out that he did in fact show "it" to the Laker Cheerleaders - only to be met with hysterical laughter. Bowfinger tells Stricter that they could use this and it'd make a great ending for Chubby Rain, but it would also ruin Kit's career. Stricter confers with his council and agrees. We are then shown the premiere of Chubby Rain. Bowfinger gets a front row seat and is stunned to watch his vision become a reality. Back at the offices, he's greeted with a standing ovation. Then - just as he predicted - the Fedex truck shows up at his door and hands Bobby an envelope. What's inside is a contract for Bowfinger films to make a Kung Fu movie in Thailand starring Jiff Ramsey. The movie ends with the opening of the newest film from Bowfinger Productions called "Fake Purse Ninjas".
tt0775489
Animation,Drama
The film concerns an illusionist/magician named Tatischeff (no one ever says this name, but it is mentioned on the poster he carries with him, and shows at different performances). The scene opens in Paris 1959, the entertainment landscape is changing with the advent of rock and roll, and the incoming onslaught of television. Tati finds himself playing to nearly-empty auditoriums. When it seems there's little luck in Paris, he heads off to London. The only performance there that he's able to perform is the second act following a rock-and-roll band. However, the band packs the house full of screaming girls, and the theater owner ends up keeping the performers on for multiple 'encores.' When Tati finally gets to perform, the theater is nearly empty...except for two people. Tati soon tries to peddle his act to even smaller venues, playing at cafes, bars, and at one point, a private party. However, almost no one seems to pay any attention to him...except a drunken Scotsman. The Scotsman invites Tati to perform at his pub in Scotland, and the Illusionist accepts. Unlike the other venues, the people in the pub actually stop and pay attention to the Illusionist's act. However, they are also soon entranced when the pub is wired for electricity, amazed at the place's first electric light, and soon a jukebox. One of the people who is curious about the Illusionist is the Scotsman's young daughter, named Alice. While cleaning up the hallway near the room he's staying in, she accidentally drops a bar of soap, and when the Illusionist picks it up, she is astonished when he magically turns it into a brand new bar! She is also amazed when he manages to seemingly pull money out of thin air, causing her to believe that Tati has some supernatural powers. Walking around the small town, Tati notices Alice admiring a pair of red shoes in a store window, and notices that the boots she wears are starting to fall apart. Using what money he has, he purchases the shoes for her, and magically makes them appear to her. Needless to say, Alice is delighted. Very soon, Tati decides to leave the small town, but on the ferry back to the main land, he is surprised to find Alice, who has voluntarily decided to come along with him. Tati quietly accepts her request to accompany him, as well as her request to visit Edinburgh. Tati manages to get a small apartment in a building that houses other performers. These include three acrobatic brothers, a ventriloquist, and a clown. While Alice is given the bedroom of the apartment, Tati decides to sleep on the sofa in the main apartment room. Tati manages to get a job performing at the local Music Hall, and also spends time with Alice. However, Alice meets a young man and steps out in Tati's absence to be with him. Tati comes home drunk one evening and the next morning finds Alice gone. He is despondent and walks his rabbit into the mountains and sets him free. He then packs his bags and catches a train to who knows where. After being out with her young man, Alice comes home to an empty apartment. Tati has left her some money and a note saying "magicians do not exist". She takes her suitcase, turns out the light and joins her young man waiting downstairs in the street. On the train, Tati shares a car with a mother and her child. The final scenes show the lights of the city going out except for the televisions in a shop window. The ventriloquist's dummy is for sale in a shop window. The price tag says "free".
tt0119137
Comedy,Family,Sci-Fi
Professor Philip Brainard (Robin Williams), an absent minded professor, works with his robot assistant Weebo (voiced by Jodi Benson), trying to create a substance that's a new source of energy and that will save Medfield College where his sweetheart Dr. Sara Jean Reynolds (Marcia Gay Harden), the remake's version of Betsy Carlisle, is the dean. He has missed his wedding twice, and on the afternoon of his third wedding, Brainard accidentally creates Flubber, which allows objects to fly through the air. It behaves like rubber, so he calls it Flubber (Flying Rubber). When he misses the third wedding, he tries to explain it to Sara by demonstrating flubber, but he falls out a window and Sara angrily breaks up with him and begins seeing Wilson Croft (Christopher McDonald), a professor from another college and the remake's version of Alonzo Hawk. Meanwhile, Brainard creates a flying car to win Sara back and tries to figure out ways to control the Flubber. He comes up with an idea to use the Flubber to help the Medfield basketball team win the championship, which they do, but he doesn't win Sara's heart back. Back at the house, he explains to Weebo that he's absent-minded because he's in love with Sara and Weebo records him saying it. She goes to Sara's house to prove it to her. Brainard then wakes up to see her standing above him and she kisses him. At the same time, a rich and corrupt businessman named Chester Hoenicker (Raymond J. Barry) wants Phillip to pass his failing son Bennett (Wil Wheaton), but he soon takes an interest in Flubber after hearing about it from his flunkies Smith (Clancy Brown) and Wesson (Ted Levine). Smith and Wesson steal the Flubber and destroy Weebo in the process. Brainard and Sara get the Flubber back in a battle. At last, Flubber is finally free, by being used as a silly weapon to defeat Wilson's henchmen. But then, Flubber is accidentally swallowed by Wilson, making him suffer from "inside" his body to the outside, making him "dancing", being ticklish, laughing, and moving around. Inside him, Flubber makes a short "body controlling awkward dancing/ticklish sensation" "journey", through his digestive system, that makes him suffer and laugh, every last second. Once Flubber wants to get out of his system, Wilson posses as in "painfully farting", meanwhile he says "Oh, mommy", farts it painfully and Flubber gets out of his body (like a bullet), laughing, and flying away. After that, Wilson looks at the others (Doctor and Sara) and faints, exhausted, half-dead. Brainard and Sara, which are shocked out by seeing the effect of swallowing Flubber, they go out of the room, free and victorious. (Since that, nobody knows how to explain briefly and better what happened with Wilson, his body, his digestive system, after and before Flubber came into his body. All we know it's that is an awkward scene that Disney will never reveal.) The film end with Phillip and Sara finally getting married through a video screen (like Skype) meanwhile Brainard makes a experiment and blows the house out. Once they got married, the "Just Married-Couple" flies away with the autocar, Flubber and with Weebo's daughter, Weebette, in the trunk.
tt0120751
Action,Adventure,Family
Charlize Theron plays Jill Young who as a child has witnessed the death of her mother and the mother of Joe, a baby ape, at the hands of poachers led by Andrei Strasser, (Rade erbedija). The poacher loses his thumb and trigger finger to the baby gorilla. Twelve years later, Jill has raised Joe (because of his size, the other gorillas won't accept him) and both are living in relative peace until a wildlife refuge director, Gregg O'Hara (Bill Paxton), convinces Jill that they would be safer from poachers if they relocated to the United States. The pair go to Hollywood, California (as in the original film) and win the hearts of the refuge staff. There, Jill is approached by Strasser, who has seen a news report about Joe and wants revenge because of the damage done to his hand 12 years ago. Jill fails to recognize Strasser as the poacher who killed both her mother and Joe's. Strasser tries to persuade Jill that Joe would be better off in his wildlife refuge back in Africa. Later, during a gala, Strasser's henchman uses a poacher's noisemaker to scare Joe into a frenzy. Joe trashes the gala, recognizes Strasser and tries to attack him. Joe is tranquilized and placed in a concrete bunker. When Jill learns that Joe may be euthanized she decides to take Strasser's offer. She and the refuge staff smuggle Joe out in a truck but on the way to the airport, Jill notices Strasser's missing fingers. He makes a remark that makes her realize he is the poacher who killed her mother. She crashes the truck and Joe escapes. Meanwhile Greg has also realized the identity of the poacher and goes after Jill and Joe. He finds Jill and they locate Joe at a carnival. Strasser arrives and in attempting to shoot Jill starts a fire which causes the Ferris wheel to break down. Joe catches Strasser and tosses him onto some electrical wires. In a poignant scene at the Santa Monica Pier, while saving a child Joe falls from the collapsing Ferris wheel. The scene is reminiscent of King Kong falling from the Empire State Building. Joe survives the fall and is shipped back to Africa to run free on his own refuge funded by donations from his fans.
tt0258470
Adventure,Comedy,Romance
On his way to save his love from marrying the wrong man, BB (Bubble Boy) encounters adventures very rare for a young man in a bubble whose system could not tolerate even one germ: . A bus load of cult members who boot him out of their bus when he accuses them of being a cult. . A motorcyclist ex boy friend of his mother (who is in hot pursuit) who gives him a ride. . Joins a band of freaks on a train who he saves from a vicious dwarf. . An East Indian ice cream vendor who gives him a ride until an unfortunate encounter with a cow. . Mud wrestles scantily clad beauties in order to win $ 500.00 to pay Pappy, an older person, to take him to Niagra Falls in his jalopy. BB gets a lift in an air plane (piloted by Pappy's brother, Pippy) and bails out over Niagra Falls, goes over the falls, and races to the church just in time to stop the marriage ceremony and marry his one true love after finding out his mother deceived him about his condition.
tt0117894
Fantasy,Horror
Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke) is an arrogant, obese, upper-class lawyer living in the suburban small town of Castle Rock, Maine with his 14-year-old daughter Linda (Bethany Joy Lenz) and his wife Heidi (Lucinda Jenney). After defending an underworld crime boss named Richie "The Hammer" Ginelli (Joe Mantegna) in court, the town is in the middle of a carnival which is run by Gypsies. One evening, he accidentally runs over an old Gypsy woman with his car when Heidi distracts him by performing oral sex on him. After a court hearing where Billy is cleared of any charges, the Gypsy woman's father, a 106-year old warlock named Tadzu Lempke (Michael Constantine) curses Billy by touching his face and saying the word "Thinner" before he and the Gypsy group leave town. The curse causes Billy to lose weight rapidly, regardless of how much he eats. The old man also curses the corrupt Judge Cary Rossington (John Horton) and Police Chief Duncan Hopely (Daniel von Vargan) who helped Billy avoid punishment for the Gypsy woman's death. Later, Billy sees Judge Cary Rossington slowly turning into a lizard and after a hostile encounter with his wife, Rossington commits suicide. Duncan Hopely becomes mutated with over-sized pimples and he also commits suicide. Billy continues to remain in denial to what is happening, but after visiting a clinic and finding his sudden weight loss inexplicable, he finally realises that the Gypsy curse is real. Because only Lempke can remove the curse, Billy must track down and persuade the ancient Gypsy man to lift the curse. He flees from his family when they disbelieve the curse and insist he seek psychiatric help. Billy finally tracks down the Gypsy troupe at the carnival in the next town in Connecticut. But Lempke is unmoved and has his great-granddaughter Gina (Kari Wührer) shoot Cary's car window, who has picked Billy up. They then drive straight into a truck which is seemingly driven by Lempke. The experience turns out to be a nightmare that Billy experiences and learns that the Gypsy caravan has moved to the next town, where he confronts them. Gina then shoots him in the hand with her catapult, and christens him the "white man from town". As his family grows frantic about his whereabouts, Billy enlists the help of Richie who believes in Gypsy curses and agrees to help him out. Richie pays an associate to track down the Gypsies for him. Richie kills off the camp dogs with poison and leaves a note saying "WHITE MAN FROM TOWN SAYS TAKE IT OFF." But the next day, the Gypsies find the man who tracked them down and kill him and vandalize Billy's car. The next evening, Richie turns up the heat and launches a one-man attack against against the Gypsy camp by firing off various automatic weapons at the camp trailers and he kills one Gypsy at the camp, who is Gina's husband. The next morning, Richie turns up at the camp impersonating "Agent Stoner" from the FBI where he lures Gina away from the group to a old barn where he confronts and brutalizes her in order to persuade Lempke to lift the curse. Billy stops Richie from killing her. Richie threatens Gina with acid and gives her a message for her great-grandfather: meet them at the lighthouse in two hours. Richie then drops off Billy at the meeting place and drives off. Lempke arrives at the meeting, convinced that only by lifting the curse can he prevent further attacks on his people. He explains to Billy that he cannot remove the curse, but it can be transferred to another victim. Lempke then performs this by stabbing Billy in his wounded hand and mixing his blood with a strawberry pie that he has brought with him. Lempke tells Billy that the curse will be lifted for a short while, but the cursed pie must be consumed by an unsuspecting person, causing painful but rapid death or the curse will return. Lempke urges Billy to end the curse and commit suicide with dignity by eating the pie himself. Billy returns home to Castle Rock with the pie, but he believes that his wife Heidi has been cheating on him during his ordeal, so he leaves the pie out in the kitchen for her to eat. The next morning, he wakes up to find Heidi's disfigured corpse next to him in bed. Initially gleeful to be free of the curse and of his disloyal wife... he finds to his horror that Linda has also just eaten a slice of the cursed pie and that she will die very soon as well.... thus Billy realizes that Lempke has gotten his final, back-at-you, revenge for all this. Billy also reads an article from the morning newspaper that Richie was found dead in New York City under mysterious circumstances... implying that he may have been murdered by the Gypsies. Billy's guilt compels him to "die with dignity" and ends up having to take Lempke's offer to eat a piece as well. Before he can do so, a local doctor (whom he suspects to be his wife's adulterous lover) named Dr. Mike Houston (Sam Freed) arrives at the door. Dr. Mike Houston immediately suspects something is wrong and attempts to leave. However, Billy invites the man in to share the pie with him....
tt0162677
Crime,Drama,Romance
Writer Jimmy Breslin begins narrating the film; telling the viewer about New York City's current prosperity. However, things were not always this way, showing news articles from 1977 about the .44 Caliber Killer and explaining how the city was in a massive state of decay, explaining that "there are 8 million stories in the naked city, and this is one of them." We are shown a disgusting apartment with a man screaming to stop an incessant dog barking. Eventually, he goes out and shoots two girls talking in a parked car. The film cuts to Vinny (John Leguizamo) and his wife Dionna (Mira Sorvino) going to a night club for dancing and to meet up with their friends. Dionna's cousin asks to be taken home and Vinny offers to give her a ride, allowing Dionna to stay. We soon discover the real reason he offered to take her home was to have sex with her in the back seat of his car. However, before he can finish, the two are scared off by another couple in the car behind him. As Vinny speeds off, the killer comes out of the bushes and kills the couple. While driving Dionna home, she begins questioning what took Vinny so long to drive her cousin home. Vinny offers the excuse that he had to urinate but before she can question him further, they arrive at the exact same spot where Vinny was having his affair, only now it is a crime scene. Vinny goes to investigate and to his horror, it is the same couple that scared him off. Vinny begins vomiting as he gets back to the car, telling Dionna that the .44 Caliber Killer is back. The next day as Vinny's friends; Joey T (Michael Rispoli), Brian, and Anthony inquire about the killer, they tell Vinny that the killer probably saw him and will come after him too. Although they are joking, Vinny begins taking this to heart. Soon after, Ritchie (Adrien Brody) shows up in a punk fashion to which all except Vinny object to. Ruby (Jennifer Esposito) is the last to arrive and after being dumped by her boyfriend who was only using her for sex, immediately takes an interest in Ritchie and his new style. At Dionna's father's restaurant, the local mob boss Luigi (Ben Gazzara) is asked by one of the detectives (Anthony LaPaglia) on the .44 Caliber Killer case for help. Luigi initially refuses, but after hearing the letter left by the .44 Caliber Killer, now called the Son of Sam, agrees. Meanwhile, as Ruby discusses her current predicaments with Vinny at the salon, Ritchie comes in asking for money as he has been kicked out and forced to move into his garage after walking in on his mother and stepfather having sex. Vinny offers to give Ritchie a place to stay for a while, but Ruby convinces him to move into the garage and fix it up with her help. That night as Ritchie and Ruby finish redecorating the garage, Ruby attempts to give Ritchie oral sex but he asks her to stop. Before she can leave, Ritchie explains that just because he doesn't want to have sex with her, doesn't mean he wants her to leave. Back at the salon, as Vinny and his boss Gloria (Bebe Neuwirth) begin having sex, Vinny begins feeling guilty, but quickly gets over it and has sex with her. After being told by Anthony and Brian that he no longer fits in in the neighborhood, Ritchie takes Ruby to a gay theatre where he has been dancing and secretly selling his body for money. During Ritchie's performance, the owner, Midnite (Michael Imperioli), asks Ruby what she likes to do as she is too hot to be giving it away for free. Outside the theatre, Ruby admits that she has fallen for Ritchie and begins dressing in punk. Meanwhile, after yet another letter to the police from the Son of Sam, Vinny's paranoia reaches a boiling point and although Dionna tries to comfort him, he is unable to perform with her. With the police making no headway with the Son of Sam, Luigi decides to take matters into his own hands and catch the killer and offers another $5,000 to the reward hoping at least to get more names on their list of suspects. Meanwhile at a pizzeria; Joey T, Anthony, Brian, and the heroin addict Woodstock are devising their own list which is primarily made up of people they don't like. At the top of their list, however, is Ritchie. While at a diner, Vinny and Ritchie discuss their relationships but are asked to leave as Ritchie is scaring some of the other patrons. Before a fight can break out, Ritchie breaks a glass over his head to intimidate the other customers trying to pick a fight with him and Vinny. As they walk down the beach, Ritchie tries to explain himself to Vinny, but the conversation proves to be too deep for him to follow. With temperatures reaching 104, a blackout hits the Five Boroughs. To defend themselves and their neighborhood from the Son of Sam from trying anything, Luigi has a block party for everyone while Joey T leads a mob to patrol the neighborhood, beating and attacking anyone who tries to enter. As this is going on; Ritchie, Vinny, Dionna, and Ruby are having dinner where Ritchie invites them to come see him and his band perform at the club CBGB, while in the bathroom, Dionna asks Ruby for advice on what to do about Vinny as she doesn't seem to please him. The only advice Ruby can give is to not be married to him. Vinny and Dionna go to the club, but are scared off by all the people outside. Instead, they try to get into Studio 54, but the bouncer refuses to let them in. They are however greeted by another man who takes them to another club: Plato's Retreat. There, he and Dionna get stoned and have sex as well as three-ways with other people. On the way home, Vinny mocks an already embarrassed and humiliated Dionna out of jealousy more than anything. In the following fight, Dionna reveals that she knew he had sex with her cousin and drives off, leaving Vinny chasing after the car. As July 29 arrives, Joey T and the others begin slashing the car tires of everyone on their list, while we see the real Son of Sam descending further into madness and is now seeing a black dog telling him to go out and kill. The next day at the diner, Vinny, Joey T, and the others are eating when the owner come over tells Vinny that he and Ritchie have been kicked out due to Ritchie's actions. Before Joey T can get more information, Vinny storms out. Meanwhile Bobby the Fairy, yet another friend of Joey T's group, sees Ritchie in the gay theatre to which Ritchie threatens to kill him should he tell anyone. Although Ritchie is only trying to protect his name, Bobby takes this literally. That night, we see the Son of Sam kill yet another two victims in Brooklyn. Joey T and the others are now beginning to suspect that Ritchie is the Son of Sam as he is the only one whose whereabouts they cannot account for, but Vinny stands up for him, saying that he knows Ritchie as if he were his brother. They all reveal to Vinny that Ritchie has been dancing and shooting porn films with Ruby at the gay theatre and ask if he knew that. Although Vinny is shocked by this, he still refuses to accept that Ritchie is the Son of Sam, but reluctantly agrees to help Joey T and the others by telling them where Ritchie and his band perform. Joey T and Anthony go to CBGB to try and find Ritchie while outside, Vinny has already met up with him. He begins to ask Ritchie if hes in a cult, dancing in a gay joint, and is the Son of Sam. Ritchie is upset that Vinny actually would think that way about him, but is angered that he brought Joey T down to get him and walks off. The following day, a composite sketch of the killer is released and everyone sees someone different. No surprise, Joey T tries to convince Vinny that its Ritchie; however Vinny doesn't see any resemblance until Joey T draws in spiky hair on the picture. Looking more like Ritchie now, Vinny begins freaking out. So much so that when he goes to the salon, he explodes on Gloria and dumps his drink on her, storming off. By the time he gets home, Gloria has already called Dionna and told her about all the women he cheated on her with. Vinny attempts to apologies and tries explain that Ritchie may be a killer, but it is too late; a heartbroken Dionna leaves him. This sends Vinny spiraling out of control as he begins drowning himself in cocaine and Quaaludes. With Richie back at his parents' garage, Joey T and the others decide to make their move and capture Ritchie and take him to Luigi. However before they go, Joey T decides to get Vinny. They break into Vinny's house to find him stoned and force him to come help lure Ritchie out of the house, promising not to hurt him. Unbeknownst to them, during this time, the police have captured David Berkowitz, the real Son of Sam. Meanwhile, Vinny comes knocking on Ritchie's door and tells him that Dionna left him. Ritchie invites him in, but Vinny asks him to come outside, not wanting Ruby to hear. As the two talk, Vinny tries to tell Ritchie to run, but before he can understand what Vinny is saying, Joey T and the others spring on him. Vinny watches as Ritchie uses his guitar to defend himself, but is quickly beaten senseless by the group. Ruby is restrained by Bobby as they drag Ritchie off. However, they don't get too far as Ritchie's stepfather, Eddie (Mike Starr), comes out of the house, brandishing a Luger pistol. As Joey T tries to explain who Ritchie is, Eddie reveals to them that the cops had already caught the Son of Sam in Yonkers, much to the group's surprise. As they begin to leave, Vinny can only look at a bloodied and beaten Ritchie with guilt and weakly attempts to apologize to his former friend before walking away too. Jimmy Breslin recaps the events of the summer of 1977; David Berkowitz was done in by a parking ticket and is serving six consecutive terms of 25 years to life, the Yankees won the World Series, Elvis Presley died, and 3,700 were arrested during the blackout. He finishes by reiterating that "there are 8 million stories in the naked city, and this was one of them."
tt0204175
Comedy,Drama,Romance
On a flight from New York to Los Angeles, the twelve-year-old Ryan Walker (Brendon Ryan Barrett) sits next to a girl named Jennifer (Raquel Beaudene), who has just had her first period, and they chat about their parents' divorces and end up arguing. Four years later at Harding High School, Jennifer (Claire Forlani) is named homecoming queen while Ryan (Freddie Prinze Jr.) has an accident while in uniform as the team's mascot. When they talk afterwards, Jennifer realizes that he is the same guy from the flight and asks him out for coffee, but they argue and Ryan declines. Even later, Ryan is a freshman at Berkeley, has a new roommate, the girl-crazy non-stop liar Hunter (Jason Biggs), and is trying to maintain a long-distance relationship with his high school sweetheart (Alyson Hannigan). They soon break up. It turns out Jennifer also goes to Berkeley. She is living with her boyfriend, but then he breaks up with her in a song and she ends up moving in with her friend Amy (Amanda Detmer), who talks about her therapist a lot. Ryan and Jennifer share their break-up stories, but end up arguing again. A year later, Ryan has a new girlfriend, who turns out to be Amy. When Ryan comes to pick her up one day it is Jennifer who is waiting to break up with him on Amy's behalf. When Ryan tries to persuade Amy that they are right for each other he has an accident with some icy balm, and instead he ends up spending the day with Jennifer. He tells her he is going off relationships because they are too uncertain and unplannable, unlike the Golden Gate bridge they are looking at. She, on the other hand, has no life plan and prefers the unpredictable. As school starts after the summer, Jennifer meets Ryan at registration and tells him about her summer fling, which brings her to tears because she pushed the guy away even though she really liked him. Later they spend a day together in San Francisco and go dancing at night, and another night Jennifer has Ryan bail her out of a bad date. When Amy asks Jennifer if she's in love with Ryan, Jennifer refuses, and Ryan does the same when Hunter asks him. When Jennifer asks him if he sees her as a substitute for a girlfriend, he starts dating another girl, Megan (Heather Donahue). When Jennifer herself has man trouble she becomes disillusioned with love and gives a big speech to Ryan and the rest of the cafe they're in - but they end up kissing and sleeping together. The next day things are weird between them, and they decide that it was a mistake. Ryan, however, shies away from Jennifer for weeks until she is about to leave Berkeley for Italy. When they finally meet they argue, and Ryan tells Jennifer that he thinks they were meant to be together, even though he had never planned for it to happen and that he is hurt that Jennifer didn't feel the same way. A few days later Jennifer is leaving for the airport on a bus. Amy and Hunter, who is now going by his real name Steve, meet at the bus stop and hit it off. When the bus is in the middle of the Golden Gate bridge, Jennifer makes a decision, forces the driver to stop and goes back to Berkeley where she finds Amy with Hunter, who tells her Ryan has already left for LA. On the airplane, Ryan is awaiting departure when Jennifer boards the plane and announces her love for him. They argue, but she persuades him, and they kiss as the plane takes off.
tt0218817
Action,Crime,Drama
Working with his three friends at their new software development company Skullbocks, Stanford graduate Milo Hoffman (Ryan Phillippe) is contacted by CEO Gary Winston (Tim Robbins) of NURV (Never Underestimate Radical Vision) for a very attractive programming position: a fat paycheck, an almost-unrestrained working environment, and extensive creative control over his work. Accepting Winston's offer, Hoffman and his girlfriend, Alice Poulson (Claire Forlani), move to NURV headquarters in Portland, Oregon. Despite development of the flagship product (Synapse, a worldwide media distribution network) being well on schedule, Hoffman soon becomes suspicious of the excellent source code Winston personally provides to him, seemingly when needed most, while refusing to divulge the code's origin. After his best friend, Teddy Chin (Yee Jee Tso), is murdered, Hoffman discovers that NURV is stealing the code they need from programmers around the world including Chin and then killing them to cover their tracks. Hoffman learns that not only does NURV employ an extensive surveillance system to observe and steal code, the company has infiltrated the Justice Department and most of the mainstream media. Even his girlfriend is a plant, an ex-con hired by the company to manipulate him. While searching through a secret NURV database containing surveillance dossiers on employees, he finds that the company has information of a very personal nature about a friend and co-worker, Lisa Calighan (Rachel Leigh Cook). When he reveals to her that the company has this information, she agrees to help him expose NURV's crimes to the world. Coordinating with one of Hoffman's friends (Nate Dushku) from his old startup, they plan to use a local cable access station to hijack Synapse and broadcast their charges against NURV to the world. However, Calighan turns out to be a double agent, foils Hoffman's plan, and turns him over to Winston. Hoffman had already confronted Poulson and convinced her to side with him against Winston and NURV. When it became clear that Hoffman had not succeeded, a backup plan is put into motion by Poulson, the fourth member of Skullbocks (Tygh Runyan), and the incorruptible internal security firm hired by NURV. As Winston prepares to kill Hoffman, the second team successfully usurps one of NURV's own work centers "Building 21" and transmits the incriminating evidence as well as the Synapse code. Winston and his entourage are publicly arrested for their crimes. After parting ways with the redeemed Poulson, Hoffman rejoins Skullbocks.
tt0120461
Action,Drama,Sci-Fi
In Los Angeles, California, an earthquake rocks the city. Michael Roark, the director of the Office of Emergency Management (OEM) witnesses about the earthquake on the news and insists on coming to work, although he has been on vacation with his dog Max and 15-year-old daughter Kelly. Unwilling to leave Kelly and Max unsupervised, Michael calls for a babysitter to have his daughter and dog under intensive supervision in case any further happenings occur. His associate, Emmit Reese, tells Michael that the magnitude did not cause much damage. At MacArthur Park, two construction workers clash with a female police officer until a rush of yellow mustard gas ambushes one utility worker, eventually burning him to death. Michael goes to the park to see that a total of seven utility workers were burned to death by the mustard gas, and intends to shut down the subway lines that run parallel from the sewer as a precaution. The CEO of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA), Stan Olber, opposes, feeling that it poses no threat to the subways. Against city regulations, Michael alongside with Gator Harris explore the sewer, where the mustard gas reacted earlier. They take samples, but a reading on Gator's meter obtains evidence that there is indeed a steam pit that releases the mustard gases. The sewer heats up, burning rats to death, and forcing Michael and Gator to leave the sewer, although they are barely able to shut a hatcher door just before the mustard gas gets to them. Once out of the sewer, Michael is desperate to recruit someone who may know about the evidence of what has been happening lately. Me meets geologist Dr. Amy Barnes, who theorizes that a volcano and magma may be forming underground. Overtime, water at the La Brea Tar Pits begins to boil, sinking an elephant statue in the process. The next morning, at around 5:15 A.M. PST, Dr. Barnes and her assistant Rachael explore the sewer, where Michael and Gator explored earlier, to take some samples. At that time, another earthquake strikes the city, twice as powerful than the previous one. In the process, a mass transit train is derailed in a subway, leaving the driver and the passengers exposed to unstable oxygen and intense heat. With Michael and Kelly venturing the streets, they witness steam sending sewer lids flying and a dangerous ash cloud flowing from the tar pits, releasing lava meteors that ignite several buildings. One lava meteor strikes a fire engine, trapping one and leaving the other one with a skull fracture. Dr. Jaye Calder, who is responsible for duties at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, tends to the downed firefighters, while Michael joins the effort, inadvertently leaving Kelly in the car. After another quake, a newly formed underground volcano begins to erupt, releasing lava that simply destroys and incinerates everything in its path. Kelly pleas for her father's help, but a lava meteor blocks her escape and burns her right leg. Michael saves Kelly and is eager to leap to safety just before his vehicle is swallowed by the lava flow. The lava flows heads into the path of the fire engine that was downed by a lava meteor previously. The trapped fireman pleas for help, only for his co-worker too late to save him as both firemen are burned to death as the fire engine is taken away. The lava reaches a propane tank trailer, triggering a massive explosion. Dr. Calder examines Kelly's burned leg and takes Kelly with her, while Michael stays behind to convince other city workers about the ensuing chaos. The lava flow reaches Stanley Avenue, burning several homes in the process, and a dog from one home narrowly escapes. Dr. Barnes, having survives the chaos in the sewer, witnesses the newly formed underground volcano, and eventually joins forces with Michael. The duo and several municipal workers push a bus in an effort to deflect the lava flow. Michael and Dr. Barnes hear the hiccups of a man, bring him to safety, until their path is blocked by a downed tree. The only way out is a ladder from a fire engine, but as too much weight and fire engulfs the ladder, it narrowly evades the lava flow, but breaks. Michael, Dr. Barnes, and the struggling man survive. The bus move is a success, directing the lava flow in a different direction. As city workers enter this war against mothernature, a mischievous black man named Kevin pleas for help by the fire chief, but seemingly harassing him in the process, police officer Terry Jasper puts Kevin in handcuffs. Stanley and his MTA team venture in the subway and find the derailed train. They pry the train door open to search for survivors on board. One MTA worker witnesses a lava flow from underneath the train, meaning that the team must remove the bodies off the train fast, but Stanley thinks that the driver is still missing, and goes to find him. He finds the driver and tries to jump out of the train, only too late to land into the lava flow. Stanley throws the driver to safety and his swallowed to death by the lava flow. Michael meets Police Lieutenant Ed Fox, who both agree and plan to stack a set of concrete barriers by the intersection of Wilshire Boulevard and Fairfax Avenue, which creates a cul-de-sac to stop the lava in its tracks. Several people lift some of the barriers themselves, but prove to be too heavy. The arrested Kevin decides to help out, and police officer Bud McVie removes the handcuffs from him. Knowing that is tall and strong, Kevin helps the others lift the last concrete barrier to complete the lower stack. Meanwhile, at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Kelly is there being treated and watching other children, while Dr. Calder continues to tend to injured patients, much to her husband Norman's displeasure. The lava is then stopped as the concrete barriers block the way. A fleet of helicopters drop high pressure water gathered from the Pacific Ocean, which subdues the volcano and cools and hardens the lava. At sunrise, those who battled against the lava flow celebrate, but Dr. Barnes predicts that the lava and magma may be forming from a vent, which means that the main eruption could occur at the end near Red Line close to Beverly Center. With only 30 minutes to spare, Michael and Dr. Barnes lower a video camera into a tunnel, which is destroyed by an incoming lava flow. With enough evidence, the duo go to the west side of city to order an evacuation. Kelly is relocated to the Hard Rock Cafe, where she tried to find a small boy named Tommy, who wandered off. As Michael and a SWAT team rig various areas with explosives, steam flows from the sewer, and another eruption occurs, sending various residents into a panicking frenzy. As Lieutenant Fox gives orders to activate the explosives, the explosives open a gap in the road and bring down a condominium building, where Gator and another officer inputted the last explosive charge and both perish in the process. As the building collapses, Michael spots Kelly and Tommy in the direct path of the downing building, but narrowly saves both of them. The lava is then directed towards the Pacific Ocean, cooled and hardened in the process. As survivors have a sigh of relief, Michael emerges from the building's wreckage with Kelly and Tommy by his side. In the aftermath, more than 100 people have died, thousands injured, and billions of dollars in damages. Michael witnesses that his dog Max has survived the chaos and explains in front of Emmit that he is on vacation after all. In the epilogue, with "I Lova L.A." by Randy Newman playing, the underground volcano is dubbed "Mount Wilshire".
tt0337917
Adventure,Comedy,Crime
Madeline Rose "Maddy" Phillips (Kristen Stewart) is a 12-year-old girl who loves to climb. Her father Tom (Sam Robards) has climbed Mount Everest so it runs in the family. Several years earlier, Tom fell more than 100 feet during a climb and because her parents Tom and Molly (Jennifer Beals) are afraid she might hurt herself, they have ordered Maddy not to climb. Tom had some internal injuries from that earlier fall which he did not know about and now the injury has paralyzed him from the neck down. There is an experimental operation costing $250,000 which can save him, but insurance will not pay for the operation and the family does not have the money. Harderbach Financial's president Brisbane (Michael Des Barres) refuses to loan the amount and does so by putting loopholes in a contract Molly signed (he is really trying to avoid loaning any money at all). When asked if he has a heart, Brisbane coldly responds "This is not an emotional issue, Mrs. Phillips. A bank has no heart. Only paper in a vault." That is when Maddy first gets the idea to rob the bank. Maddy steals three go-carts from her father and convinces her two friends Gus (Max Thieriot) and Austin (Corbin Bleu) to help her. They remain hesitant, so she tells both of them that she loves him and does not care for the other and gives half of her friendship necklace to each of them, claiming she has the other half and kissing them both on the cheek. They break into Harderbach Financial (a bank in which Molly had begun to work for, creating a security system). They manage to break in, but with her mother at the hospital visiting their father, she is forced to babysit her younger brother Max (Grant Hayden Scott and Sean Avery Scott). She and Gus progress to a room with thousands of security deposit boxes while Austin keeps the guards away from them. Maddy has to free climb to get to the exit when her hook gets caught in a crack when using the handhelds. She cracks the code (finding it is Madeline) and they flee the room, unintentionally setting off the alarm as they did not type the exit code. While escaping from the guard dogs at which point Austin demonstrates his dog-training skills, the trio is caught by Gus' brother, Chad, who tasers his partner (and then himself, though accidentally) after understanding the situation. However, just before escaping, Gus and Austin find out that Maddy played them after seeing each other's necklaces and leave her, but later come back for her. The three hop into their go carts, trailed by the police, but Austin holds all the cash in his cart, starts running out of gas. He then leaps into Gus' cart, and they escape to the hospital. They rejoin with Maddy in time to disable police cruisers by popping the tires with jacks. When Mrs. Phillips arrives, Brisbane attempts to pass all the blame on her. But ultimately, he is rejected by a French man named Francois who says Brisbane's irresponsibility of having a party with an untested security system is a knucklehead move. Meanwhile, the kids make it to the hospital. However, they are caught up to by Maddy's mother, the bank security, the police, and the press. Maddy's mother then takes responsibility, saying that this was an authorized test for the bank's security. As they leave, reporters outside of the hospital mention about the incident and how it was motivated when the insurance company wouldn't help the Phillips family. The following morning, Mrs. Phillips says what Maddy did was wrong, but apologizes as it was her over-protection that started all the trouble in the first place. The press sympathizes with them, allowing them to hold a fundraiser the day after earning enough money for Maddy's father's surgery. Even a friend named Mr. Hartmann (John Carroll Lynch) gives a "consultation fee" of $50,000. As Brisbane's irresponsibility got him fired, Hartman is now the president of the bank. At the go cart rally after the operation, Gus and Austin make Maddy decide who she loves. She sniffs both of them and causes a debate between them. While they do so, she backs away and they run after her saying who is the better boyfriend and the movie ends.
tt0199626
Mystery,Thriller
High school teacher and writer Frannie Avery (Meg Ryan) meets a student at a local bar, and when she heads to the bathroom sees a woman performing oral sex on a man. A few days later, Detective Giovanni Malloy (Mark Ruffalo) questions Frannie as he investigates the gruesome murder of a young woman, whose severed limb was found in her garden. They flirt despite the grisly nature of their introduction, and meet at the same bar later. Frannie is alternately thrilled and frightened by the detective's sexual aggressiveness, even as she grows more disillusioned with the attitudes and crude behavior of other men, including the detective's partner, Richard Rodriguez (Nick Damici). Even as Malloy defends his partner, who can no longer carry a gun because he threatened his unfaithful wife, he promises he will do anything she wants except hit her. She leaves abruptly and is assaulted walking home, but calls Malloy and their affair begins that night. Frannie recognizes the detective's tattoo, from the man in the basement of the bar, and asks her sister Pauline (Jennifer Jason Leigh) if she would trust a man who got a blow job in a bar. Pauline says 'yes', but Frannie is still suspicious. After Malloy tells her that she and the first victim were in the same bar the night of the murder, and she might have seen the murderer, she begins to suspect that Malloy may actually be the killer, especially after a second victim is found. But later she goes with him to a woodsy spot by the water, where he scares her by shooting at garbage bags floating on the surface, then tells her she should learn how to shoot. She surprises herself by taking aim and shooting well, before they head back to the city. Frannie finds her old boyfriend in her bed when she gets home, and goes back to her sister's apartment, where she finds the door open and Pauline's dismembered body. She is now more frightened of Malloy than ever, but goes home and gets drunk, and almost stumbles into bed with her student before throwing him out. Malloy's partner is outside watching as the young man runs out, and Frannie shouts out the window that Malloy should stay away from her. But he comes over and helps her clean herself up, and she can't decide if she should trust him. So she cuffs him to a pipe and makes love to him, and as soon as she is done he starts rattling the cuffs, demanding to be set free. She is fishing in his jacket for the keys when she finds the missing charms from her bracelet, which he claims he found and was planning to return to her. She suddenly becomes very suspicious of him, and he gets scared and yells at her. She finally tells Malloy she saw his tattoo in the basement of the bar when he was getting a blow job, and she runs out, stumbling right into his partner's arms. Frannie tells Rodriguez what she saw, and he says they need to sit down and talk, so she gets in his car. Malloy's screams from the window are ignored. Rodriguez drives her out to the GW bridge, telling her this is the place he goes to fish, and she says, "I teach that book, To the Lighthouse." But as soon as he locks the gate behind them she knows she is in trouble, and he shows her the tattoo on his arm, the exact same of Malloy's. She realizes Malloy is innocent, then she slips on his jacket before Rodriguez takes her in his arms. She shoots him once with Malloy's gun but he tries to strangle her before she can shoot him again; they fall, and he dies. She walks, bloodied, back to her apartment and lies down in the arms of the exhausted Malloy, still cuffed to the pipe where she left him.
tt0314498
Comedy,Crime
The Perfect Score is a story about six high school seniors that band together to steal the answers to the college SAT exam. They have discovered that this one test will determine their future, and the college that will admit them. Each student has his or her own reasons for deciding to become criminals and beat the system. They have justified their act by concluding that the test is unfair and discriminates against them; therefore, it is ok to steal the test. Lucky for them, the father of one in the group owns the building where the testing company is located. This student gets the building plans, and she also has a door card key. Their lives change with this one act, maybe for the better. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0141369
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Security officer John Brown is a security guard, who one day dreams of becoming a real Police Officer. In the meantime, he is charged with guarding a science lab operated by Brenda Bradford, and her father. One evening, a break-in occurs, in which a top-secret robotics project is stolen, and Brenda's father is killed. John gives pursuit of the getaway vehicle, which houses famed millionaire Sanford Scolex, and his assistant, Sikes. The chase lead to both vehicles being damaged, with Scolex tossing an exploding cigar into John's car. The ensuing explosion blows a bowling ball out of John's car, and into Scolex's limo, crushing his hand. John's injuries are numerous, and Brenda wishes to apply the 'Gadget program' that she and her father were working on, to help mend John. John is then outfitted with a number of different gadgets, that leads to at first be terrified, until Brenda explains that his new and improved self can help make a difference in people's lives. Brenda helps Gadget get acclimated with his new self, and explains about the advanced control chip that powers his body. Without it, John would not be able to function. Brenda also provides Gadget with a jive-talking vehicle, dubbed The Gadgetmobile. Meanwhile, Scolex has had an assistant named Kramer, fashion a claw-like arm in place of his crushed hand, and considers changing his name to 'Claw.' The item that they stole from the Bradford's lab (a robotic foot) proves unable to respond to Kramer and Sike's tinkering, leading Scolex to think that something extra must be needed to make it work. Gadget is first made known by the City's Mayor, and Police Chief Quimby. Even though Gadget is assigned to the Police, Quimby still dislikes the idea of a machine being shoehorned into his department, and relegates Gadget to community projects...like rescuing cats from trees. After the announcement, a gala celebration is held, wherein Gadget accompanies Brenda to the festivities. At the event, Scolex appears, and offers Brenda her own facilities and funding. Though Gadget reminds her of her and her Father's work on the 'Gadget Program,' Brenda gladly accepts Scolex's offer, unaware of his plans to steal her technological ideas and designs. Gadget is also upset that he is not being taken seriously, and sets out to find out who killed Brenda's father, with the help of his niece Penny, and her dog Brain. A mechanical piece at the scene of the crime contains the initials 'SI,' leading Gadget to Scolex Industries. In the meantime, with Brenda working for him, Scolex has stolen several of her ideas, and crafted two robotic clones of his own: one a bimbo-like clone of Brenda, and another that is an evil clone of Inspector Gadget. While Scolex keeps Brenda's clone for himself, Robo-Gadget is sent out to terrorize the public. Gadget manages to break into Scolex's facility, but is captured when he tries to recover the robotic foot stolen from Brenda's lab. Gadget is then eliminated when Scolex has the 'Gadget Chip' destroyed, leaving his assistant Sikes to dump Gadget at the City Dump. In the aftermath, Robo-Gadget goes on a mad rampage, prompting Brenda and Penny to try and find the real Gadget. Using the Gadgetmobile, they find him in the dump, but without the chip. However, due to Gadget's caring and emotions, he manages to start back up, and everyone decides to go after Scolex. After dropping off Penny and Brain at home, Brenda and Gadget find Scolex's limo, containing both Scolex and Robo-Gadget. Gadget wrestles Robo-Gadget into the streets, and the two have a battle until Gadget finally wins. Gadget activiates his Gadgetcopter, and heads to Scolex's building, in time to see him flying away with Brenda. Gadget manages to disable the helicopter, and safely recovers Brenda. In the aftermath, Scolex and his assistant Sikes are arrested for the murder of Brenda's father, and as the Police arrive, Quimby acknowledges Gadget as an actual member of the police force. As Scolex is led away, he vows to get Gadget 'next time,' as the Inspector and Brenda head off.
tt0158622
Comedy,Family,Romance
Young bachelors and best friends Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble have recently qualified as crane operators at Slate & Company. Soon to be employed, now they want girlfriends, and a little green alien called The Great Gazoo, exiled to Earth by his species, offers to help, although only they can see him. Meanwhile, Wilma Slaghoople states that she'd like to live a normal life and do regular activities, like bowling, however her mother Pearl objects and states she should marry Chip Rockefeller, who is an owner of a casino. Wilma runs away screaming and goes to a Bronto King in Bedrock. Waitress Betty O'Shale mistakes Wilma as "caveless", and kindly offers to share her apartment, and gets her a job. Fred and Barney are in love with the waitresses and are invited to a carnival, with Fred dating Betty and Barney taking Wilma. After Fred wins a carnival game, he gets a prize of an egg which hatches into a baby dinosaur, who he decides to name "Dino". However, he does not really feel connected to Betty, nor does Barney feel with Wilma, until both men switch dates. Wilma invites her new friends home to her father, Colonel Slaghoople's for his birthday. Fred decides to propose, but after he meets Chip who criticizes him for his job at Slate & Company. Pearl dislikes Fred, Barney, and Betty, but the Colonel accepts Fred and Barney, pleased Wilma is happy, and privately gives her a pearl necklace that once belonged to his great-grandmother. Fred and Barney mess up at dinner thanks to Dino running after them, Wilma nevertheless expresses her pride and follows them out. Chip "congratulates" Fred on attracting Wilma and makes a false apology for the humiliation of Fred's job and invites the four to his Rock Vegas resort as a peace offering. However, Fred has no idea that Chip is playing a dirty trick on him and Wilma dumps him and Fred sees if he can to win big so he can impress Wilma with money like Chip's. Chip and his girlfriend Roxie are visited by two gangsters named Big Rocko and Little Rocko to collect a lot of money owed by Chip, who claims his upcoming marriage to Wilma will get him access to the Slaghoople fortune, and the gangsters consider that plan creditable, so they decide to suspend the operation until the wedding is over. Gazoo eavesdrops on the conversation. When Barney tries to tell Fred to stop gambling, Chip sends Roxie to seduce Barney for an escort to a buffet. Chip keeps Fred gambling to miss his dinner date with the others. Betty sees Barney wipe whipped cream from Roxie's chest and mistakes his activity as a way of saying 'no'. Mick Jagged comforts the weeping Betty and offers her to go on a date. Wilma breaks up with Fred over not spending any time with her. Chip warns her about burglaries and arranges that Fred loses everything before slipping Wilma's pearls in Fred's pocket and asks him to look inside them. The security staff arrests Fred for robbery. In defense of Fred, Barney states to the guards that Fred would not commit a crime, and that Fred would not even be able to crack his own knuckles without help, Chip accuses Barney of being Fred's accomplice and has him arrested too. Wilma is infuriated and hooks with Chip. While the two are in prison, Fred and Barney get a visit from Gazoo and he explains to Fred and Barney that Chip is in trouble with the mob, has a girlfriend and Chip was the one who framed Fred for the crime and wanted to marry Wilma in order to embezzle the money Wilma and her family have. Barney decides to slip through the prison bars, steals the guard's keys, and unlocks the cell. Now hunted by casino security, Fred and Barney disguise themselves as dancers, but are quickly recognized. Escaping into Mick Jagged's dressing room, Barney tells Betty he loves her, and they reconcile after the misunderstanding involving Roxy at the buffet is cleared up. Now understanding Chip's true colors, Betty realizes that someone must warn Wilma. Angry that Barney and Betty are getting back together, Jagged tries to get things straight, but Barney knocks Jagged out with a guitar. Fred disguises himself as Jagged in an order to reconcile with Wilma. Chip proposes to Wilma, but she doesn't answer. Fred emerges on stage disguised as Jagged, sings to Wilma and apologizes for his earlier behavior before proposing to her. Knowing that she still loves Fred, Wilma happily accepts the proposal and rejects Chip, and the two get married in the Rock Vegas Chapel of Love, while that's going on the gangsters get mad and get ready to force Chip to pay them in their own manner. After the pastor proclaims them husband and wife, everyone sings "Meet the Flintstones". While Jagged sings "Viva Rock Vegas" at a party, Betty catches Wilma's tossed bouquet and kisses Barney. The couple drive away with Dino and Gazoo and receive waves of goodbye from their friends, family, and even receive some goodbyes from Chip and Roxie.
tt0331953
Comedy,Horror,Mystery
Pleasure Island is an island resort off the coast of Costa Rica, owned by famous musician Coconut Pete. Staff members Rolo, Stacy, and Kelly sneak into the jungle to have sex. They are ambushed by a masked figure, who stabs Rolo to death. The killer chases the girls through the jungle. The killer pushes Kelly off a cliff and decapitates Stacy before she can reach help. The resort staff remain unaware of the killings until Carlos' body is found behind the kitchen. Dave relates a story about a former employee who lost his mind and murdered his fellow staff members; though Pete insists it's a story made up to scare guests around the campfire, the mounting death toll suggests otherwise. Putman alerts the others when he finds Cliff murdered in a hedge maze. A message left by the killer suggests that he is targeting only the staff. All communication devices and transportation have been stolen or destroyed. Hank, a former FBI agent, convinces the staff to continue with their jobs and allow him to catch the killer. Yu remains intent on warning the guests, despite warnings not to do so from the killer. When she lures the guests to the beach to make the announcement, she is attacked by the killer who slices her arms off. Hank intervenes, but the killer slashes his throat and turns on Yu. Their bodies are found the next day. The staff begins to suspect one of the guests, Penelope. Juan, believing her innocent, tries to eliminate her as a suspect. Putman disappears into the jungle after having a nightmare. Sam and Dave find a shrine of photos of Lars and guests at the resort, in which photos of women hanging onto Pete have had Lars' face pasted over them, so it looks like Lars is clinging lovingly to Pete; suspicion turns on Lars, and the staff locks Lars in a room. The killer electrocutes one of the guests, causing a power failure. Putman returns, and he and Jenny deduce that Lars is not the killer, but Lars has escaped. When Pete is found dead, the staff members turn on each other. Jenny tries to convince the group that they must work together to survive until the shuttle from the mainland returns for the guests. They reject this and split into smaller groups. Dave manages to restore the electricity. Jenny and Lars are drawn by music to the electricity hut where they find Dave's severed head. Putman is next to be killed. During a party in the nightclub, Jenny and Lars discover Dave and Putman's bodies. The guests see the corpses and a panic ensues. Penelope, Juan, Lars and Jenny find Sam's apparently lifeless body in a mud bath. While they consider their next move, Sam leaps from the bath with a machete and grabs Lars. Sam reveals that he is the killer and wanted to kill everyone on the island because Pete had intended to sell the island to the military, but decided to give the island to Dave. Jealous, Sam decided that Dave would mismanage the resort and destroy it. Lars grabs the machete, allowing the others to escape. Penelope is lost among the party-crazed guests, and Jenny and Juan lock themselves in the nightclub. They see Sam drowning Penelope in a large tank. Juan smashes the tank and rescues Penelope. Sam prepares to kill them, but Lars appears and stabs Sam. Sam pursues Lars, Jenny, Penelope, and Juan as they escape through the jungle. In the morning, they are cornered on a cliff, so they jump to the water below. They find the resort's damaged boats, and try to cobble together enough working parts to leave the island. Sam appears and kills Juan, then attacks Jenny and Penelope. Lars overcomes Sam, and Sam is bisected by a boat propeller. As the three survivors of Lars, Jenny and Penelope speed away, the bisected Sam continues to pursue them despite his fatal wounds.
tt0399327
Action,Comedy,Crime
A man named Andy Fiddler (Eugene Levy) is in his bathroom, preparing a speech. He works for a dental supply company, and lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He will soon be giving a speech to investors in Detroit, and is very nervous. In Detroit, ATF agent Derrick Vann (Samuel L. Jackson), whose partner was recently murdered, is trying to retrieve some guns that were stolen from a federal armory, and are soon to be sold. After a visit to his informant Booty (Anthony Mackie) (who is later gunned down), he sets up a buy. He is to go to a diner and be reading a USA Today. Unfortunately, Andy is in the diner, and his favorite newspaper is USA Today. A menacing Englishman (Luke Goss) sits next to him and hands him a paper bag with his taste in it then leaves. Andy pulls a cell phone out of it, then a gun, which the waitress sees and thinks Andy's holding the place up. That's when Vann walks into the diner and cuffs him. Soon, Vann realizes that the gun traffickers mistook Andy for him, and drags Andy along with him. The cell phone that Fiddler receives rings, with the menacing Brit, whose name we later find out is Joey, is on the other end of the line. He wants Turk (the pseudonym that Vann used when setting up the buy) to drop $20,000 dollars in a certain trash can. Vann reveals that he has the money, and needs Fiddler to drop it. Andy tries to perform the drop plain and simple. Unfortunately, a homeless guy screws this up, and the traffickers just drive by. Andy gets another call asking him what happened. He tells them that there were complications. Joey says he will call back in about an hour. Meanwhile, Andy tries to get away, only to have Vann graze him with a gunshot to the rear. Before Vann picks him up, Andy gets word to 9-1-1 via the cellphone, running a make on Vann's license plate numbers. Vann then suggests Andy use the taco sauce in his glove compartment to ease the pain of the bullet wound. Andy's 9-1-1 call proves effective and a group of squad cars pull them over, much to Vann's dismay, and he is furious at Andy for running a make on his plate. The police discover that Vann is ATF and move aside. Vann tells Andy that he is going to make a stop at a friends house. The friend is a gun dealer that Vann knows named Manny Cortez. He finds Manny shot dead on his toilet seat. The killer was Joey. At the same time, Andy, who is handcuffed to the passenger door, attempts to drive the car with one hand. Vann chases after him in a car he borrows and eventually pulls him over. When back in the car, Andy complains that he is hungry. Vann takes him to a burger joint, where Fiddler complains that red meat doesn't agree with him, but he eats the burger anyway. Back in the car, Fiddler gets extremely gaseous. After quickly exiting the car, Vann gets a call from his ex-wife Dara (Rachael Crawford), who reminds him about his daughter Kate's (Tomorrow Baldwin Montgomery) dance recital in a few hours. Vann takes a quick break from the gun busts for this brief visit. On the way there, Andy teaches him how to curb his use of the word "fuck". When they arrive, Vann explains to Kate that he's on assignment, and can't come. She is dismayed. Then Andy shows Kate some pictures of his family. Vann gets distracted when the phone that Joey gave to Fiddler rings. Joey says he wants to meet Turk in a restaurant, where they will make the exchange. However, Joey says he wants $500,000 for the whole batch. Vann goes to his confiscated items buddy Santos (Horatio Sanz), who eventually gives into his requests. They head to the restaurant, and Andy enters. Fiddler sits down with Joey and discusses the deal. After some questions from Joey about how he got the money so fast he throws Joey the money saying it means nothing to a powerful trafficker like him. He also gives Joey back the cell and tells him that he makes the calls now. When Andy tells Vann what he did, he is furious, but Andy explains that they now get to decide where the meeting takes place, and get backup there. He also tells Vann that they should let Joey simmer for a bit before calling him. Fiddler suggests that they go to Vann's daughter's dance recital, which they do. After that, they leave and call Joey. They arrange for a meeting which they attend with no backup. Upon meeting Joey and his cronies, Joey asks who Vann is. Andy tells him that Vann will do anything that is told. After an embarrassing confession to this by Vann, they are taken to Joey's residence, where, for some reason, they are put in the pool. Joey tells them that he still thinks Vann is a cop. Vann admits this, and tells them that he is betraying the service to make some money. Joey is convinced, and Vann takes Andy to his hotel, and they say goodbye. The next day, Andy gives his speech, and it goes well. When he exits the building, Internal Affairs agent Peters (Miguel Ferrer) grabs him and throws him in a surveillance truck. They tell him that Vann was lying to both him and them, and that he is actually trying to buy the guns and killed Booty, Cortez, and Vann's partner himself. They need him to wear a wire and get a confession out of Vann. Meanwhile, back at ATF offices, Vann is suspended for his actions of the past day, and his boss (Susie Essman), distrustful of Andy from the start, tells him that Andy was setting him up. At the same time, Andy, now wired, enters Vann's office and says they need to talk. Vann says that they should talk in his car. Vann starts driving to the exchange with Andy in tow. Recognizing Andy's nervousness, Vann asks him straight out if he's wired. Andy admits he is but doesn't reveal whose wire it is. They enter the barn where the exchange is going to go down. After Joey asks where the money is, Vann tells him he'll show the money when Joey shows him the guns. Joey is skeptical and pulls a gun on Vann. That's when the police enter, after hearing everything through Andy's wire. Joey and most of his goons get mowed down, and Vann gets shot in the buttocks. Andy says he will get the taco sauce. Both men are (presumably) cleared of all charges.
tt0315297
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Police officer Jessica Shepard (Ashley Judd) has just been transferred to homicide and promoted to detective inspector. Her first big case is a murder investigation of a man she has dated. The next day, another man shows up dead with the same cigarette burn on his hand, and he had also dated Jessica. The police are now looking for a serial killer who has the propensity to kill men Jessica has dated. Jessica begins to have dreams about her past, and she opens a box that belonged to her father. Jessica's father was a police officer who went crazy and killed his wife and her lovers, and then himself. His partner and later police commissioner John (Samuel L. Jackson) raised Jessica, and taught her everything about police work. When a third murder occurs, her partner, Mike Delmarco (Andy Garcia) begins to watch and protect Jessica. Jessica goes to jail after the fourth victim ends up in her bed. She has no memory of any of the murders, because she blacks out before each murder. The killer is eventually revealed to be John.
tt0360009
Action,Crime,Drama
Bobby Scott is a former Force Recon Master Gunnery Sergeant, acting as a selection cadre member for Delta Force. While observing a "stress phase" exercise designed to evaluate Delta candidates, Scott meets recruit Curtis and Sergeant Jacqueline Black, an edged-weapons ("knife-fighting") instructor. Sergeant Black and Curtis each demonstrate their competence, and make plain to Scott their ambitions to serve on future missions. Before he leaves cadre Scott is drawn into a clandestine operation to find and recover the President's daughter, Laura Newton. The team has two days before the media reports her missing from her classes at Harvard. They begin by investigating one of her philandering professors and her boyfriend, who she fought with. Their argument drove her to a bar where girls are recruited as prostitutes, and they follow a middleman to a bordello that funnels some of the girls to an international sex slavery ring. The madam sends them to a pay phone, which leads Scott and Curtis to a beach house. Scott tries to bluff his way past one man in the house, but a second man starts firing, forcing Scott and Curtis to kill the men in self-defense before they can learn anything more. Calls placed to the pay phone are traced back to Tariq Asani, a Lebanese national in a federal prison. Scott agrees to do whatever it takes to get the girl back, and under orders from Robert Burch, the head of the investigation, they plan to stage a robbery to intercept Asani during a prisoner transport to a medical facility. At a gas station en route Scott appears to kill the transport guard then kills the other inmate (who was on death row) but spares Asani when he says he can get them on a plane out of the country that night. Then Asani offers Scott a girl, as thanks for his help, and with a little digging from Scott confirms the sex slavery ring is based in Dubai. Scott stops at a convenience store to relay the information to the team and gets ammunition from Curtis, but when Curtis turns to get more ammunition from another member of the team Asani sees his badge and opens fire from the parking lot. Curtis is wounded and Scott kills Asani. As the team prepares a stealthy assault on the ring's base in Dubai, a news broadcast reports that Laura and her college professor were discovered drowned while sailing off the coast of Martha's Vineyard and consequently, the rescue operation is called off. Scott returns home, but Curtis finds him and persuades him that she couldn't have been killed in the boating accident because he found an earring on the porch of the boathouse identical to the ones she is wearing in a photograph. When Scott and Curtis return to the beach house to investigate, Curtis is killed by a sniper on a nearby boat, and Scott finds Laura's unique "sign" in a window in the boathouse, the same sign she used on the letter her boyfriend showed Scott earlier. Scott escapes and tries to contact Laura's mother with the evidence, but is prevented by a Secret Service agent. When he shows her the earring, the agent explains that for years the President has used his visits to his daughter as a cover for extramarital affairs, and he pulled Laura's Secret Service detail to use as extra protection for himself during the trip. The agent pleads with Scott to rescue Laura, telling him that she's been Laura's real mother, because her parents are purely political animals who agreed to fake Laura's death rather than deal with the fallout from the public learning the truth. As evidence, the agent gives Scott a set of photo-booth photographs of herself with Laura as a child. Scott enlists Sgt. Black to help him rescue Laura from Dubai, and, cut off from his team, turns to Avi, a former Israeli operative now working in the private sector. Avi agrees to get Scott into Dubai and get Laura out concealed in a cargo container, obtaining weapons for him and support from a man named "Jones", an Australian mercenary. Jones is killed during the rescue but Scott flees with Laura to a safe house, where he persuades her that although he is alone he is acting under orders: "One riot, one ranger." She remembers that the king of Sparta would respond to requests for help from neighboring kingdoms by sending one man, and decides to trust him. When he takes Laura to the airport to seal her in the cargo container he discovers he is being tracked when he finds a transmitter in his knife, and he rushes her out of the container just as his old team arrives to apprehend them. Scott is shot and separated from Laura, who is captured and bustled off toward a plane. Scott is pursued by Stoddard, who shouts that Laura could've lived in captivity but will be killed to maintain the cover story. When Laura fights her captor she reveals herself as Sgt. Black, and shows her the photos from the Secret Service agent (her 'real' mother), convincing her to stop struggling. Laura's screams have drawn the attention of a Swedish news crew about to board their plane, and Sgt. Black ignores Stoddard and delivers Laura to their jet before she is shot by Stoddard. The journalists recognize Laura and get her safely aboard, and Scott slits Stoddard's throat just as the jet takes off. Afterwards, from a city street, Scott sees a news broadcaster on television in a shop window saying Laura's death was a faked as a cover for her rescue. Burch spins the story of Laura's kidnapping as an opportunity for the President, and the U.S. Government, to take action to end the trafficking of American girls as sex slaves. Scott smiles as the man watching beside him mumbles that it's time to go home, and he walks away, with the rumble of a London double-decker behind him.
tt0297162
Action,Crime,Thriller
Sascha Petrosevitch (Steven Seagal) is a car thief who's brought in by criminal Nick Frazier (Jeffrey "Ja Rule" Atkins) to work for crime boss Sonny Eckvall (Richard Bremmer), who apparently shot and killed Sascha's wife. FBI Special Agent Ellen "E. Z." Williams (Claudia Christian) and her team show up to nail Nick, but things go bad, and Sascha gets shot. After eight months of recovery following his brief bout of being clinically dead from the shooting, Sascha is incarcerated along with Nick in the newly reopened Alcatraz prison. Sascha Petrosevitch (Steven Seagal) and Nick Frazier (Ja Rule).Run by the charismatic warden, Juan Ruiz "El Fuego" Escarzaga (Tony Plana), the place is known for its new state of the art death chamber where the condemned can choose from five different ways to die -- lethal injection, gas chamber, hanging, firing squad, or electric chair. Lester McKenna (Bruce Weitz) is the first prisoner scheduled to be executed. An older man, he stole $200,000,000 worth of gold bricks in a heist that resulted in five deaths. Federal Bureau of Prisons head Frank Hubbard (Stephen J. Cannell) and Supreme Court Justice June McPherson (Linda Thorson) have arrived to witness the execution, which is a result of June sentencing Lester. But she's not the only one interested in Lester. A small but well-equipped team of terrorists who call themselves the "49ers" have parachuted onto the island, and gained control of it. Led by 49er One, a.k.a. Hubbard's assistant Donny Johnson (Morris Chestnut), and 49er Six (Nia Peeples), the team finds Lester, and they want him to give up the location of his hidden stash of gold. When Lester won't tell them, Donny shoots a nearby priest (Eva-Maria Schönecker), and threatens to kill others if the info isn't delivered. Donny's plan is disrupted, however, when Sascha decides to step in and fight back. It turns out that Sascha is actually an undercover FBI agent who's been trying to use Nick to get to Sonny Eckvall. When Sascha rescues Lester, the 49ers strap June to the electric chair and threaten to kill her, all while Ellen and her team prepare a rescue plan from the mainland. With the help of Nick and some of the other inmates such as Twitch (Ricardo "Kurupt" Brown) and Little Joe (Michael "Bear" Taliferro), Sascha sets out to rescue June and bring Donny down, before Alcatraz becomes everyone's final resting place.
tt0335559
Comedy,Romance
Rosalee Futch (Kate Bosworth), a Piggly Wiggly supermarket checkout girl in a small West Virginia town, wins a contest for a date with Tad Hamilton (Josh Duhamel), a Hollywood movie star. Tad's agents came up with this contest to change Tad's bad-boy image and help his career in getting another big movie part. A date with the sweet and innocent Rosalee is just the ticket that Tad needs, when he falls in love with her. Tad moves to the small town so he can be near Rosalee, and this drives Tad's agents crazy. Rosalee's best friend, Pete (Topher Grace) finally tells Rosalee that he has loved her his whole life. Rosalee must choose between her lifetime friend Pete or Tad, the rich and famous movie star. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0181739
Animation,Action,Adventure
Frank Detorre is a widowed slovenly zookeeper at the Sucat Memorial Zoo in Rhode Island. Much to the frustration of his young daughter, Shane , he eats compulsively unhealthy and has minimal concern for germs or disease. While trying to eat a hard-boiled egg with mayonnaise and salt, it is stolen from him by a chimpanzee. He gets it back, but not before it falls into the filth of the chimp's habitat. When Shane is disgusted by him about to eat it he uses the "ten second rule" as a justification for the unsanitary act. Inside Frank's body, Osmosis "Ozzy" Jones, an agent of the Frank PD, is an adventure-seeking white blood cell with a good sense of humor. He is a rebel cop, frequently disobeying authority to do what he thinks is right. He is often mocked by his fellow cops due to his rebellious nature. He has been relocated to the mouth to fight against germs entering the body via ingestion after he induced Frank to vomit all over Shane's science and P. E. teacher, Mrs. Boyd at the school's science fair. This was considered a false alarm because he had been the only one to suspect an incoming pathological threat from the raw oyster Frank had eaten from one of the displays. After several newcomer germs, believed to be gingivitis, hijack a "squad car" in the mouth, Osmosis and another officer in an FPD helicopter, are pulled into the lungs by a massive yawn while in pursuit. After the germs evade capture and pass into "Immunity's" jurisdiction, Osmosis disobeys direct orders as he pursues the germ on foot and accidentally triggers a major cramp in Frank's leg. Meanwhile, Mayor Phlegmming is preparing for re-election, campaigning with the promise of more junk food. His reckless policies are largely responsible for Frank's deteriorating health, but his re-election hopes are complicated by the arrival of Thrax, a deadly virus that came with the hard-boiled egg. In an attempt to cover up the severity of the situation, Phlegmming "tells" Frank to take a cold-suppressant pill. The pill, Drixenol "Drix" Koldreliff, arrives in the body and covers Frank's infected throat with a disinfectant to soothe the irritation. Osmosis is assigned as Drix's partner, much to their mutual chagrin. Later on, an influenza virus tells Osmosis and Drix about Thrax's plot to masquerade as a common cold while at the same time plotting to kill Frank with a high fever. Osmosis and Drix confront Thrax in a club in one of Frank's zits, where Drix launches a grenade of medication at Thrax and his goons, popping the skin blemish, killing nearly all of Thrax's men, and seemingly ending the virus's siege. The pop of the zit further aggravates Mrs. Boyd, when Frank comes to apologize for his earlier action of vomiting on her at the science fair. Thrax survives the explosion and after killing off his remaining henchmen, launches a lone assault on Frank's hypothalamus gland (the portion of the brain that controls the temperature) by disabling its self-regulative capabilities. There, he uses his virus-infecting claw to destroy the protoplasmic barrier around the gland and takes a DNA bead. Soon after, the mayor's secretary, Leah Estrogen, discovers his sabotage and alerts security. Thrax manages to evade them, taking Leah hostage and escapes from the brain to the mouth. Meanwhile, the temperature continues to rise, causing chaos to break out all over the City of Frank. Frank is taken to the hospital under the influence of Thrax's attack. Ozzy and Drix rescue Leah and confront Thrax, who leaves Frank's mouth after causing confusion using pollen. Osmosis and Thrax fight on one of Shane's eyeballs and end up on Shane's false eyelashes after she blinks, which she was wearing atop her natural ones on her way to a hiking trip. During the fight, Thrax threatens to kill Shane, but Ozzy causes him to knock Shane's false eyelash into a vessel of alcohol below, where he dissolves. During this time, the situation becomes even more dangerous when the temperature hits 108 degrees Fahrenheit, causing Frank to go into cardiac arrest. Just as doctors give up, Frank is revived when Ozzy returns to his body with one of Shane's tears with the missing hypothalamus chromosome. Ozzy is reinstated into "Immunity" with full privileges, he and Drix are declared heroes with the Chief of Police giving Ozzy his job back. Having survived Thrax's attack, Frank has begun to improve his diet and personal hygiene. Meanwhile, Phlegmming has lost his position as mayor and is now a janitor in the bowels. He accidentally ejects himself from the body via the rectum by touching a button that is important and marked "DO NOT TOUCH!" which triggers Frank's farting.
tt0270846
Comedy,Family,Sci-Fi
The film starts with a group of babies in a day care centre...or something. Archie tells the others (Finkelman, Alex, and Rosita) a story about a super baby called Kahuna. Kahuna rescues kids all around the world. According to Archie, Kahuna rescued a group of children from an orphanage run by the evil (and unbelievably stereotypical) Kane. Kahuna and Kane are archnemesis' and hate each other, but Kahuna always wins their battles. Archie's father Stan, who seems to own the day care centre, is letting it be used as a television set by the evil Biscane (yes, in other words, Kane) who is starting up his own TV channel. Archie notices someone spying on the goings-on at the television set in the bushes, but he isn't sure who it is. However, he begins to believe Biscane is evil. Him and the other babies sneak into Stan's office and decide to check out Biscane, but are spammed. When they hear some of Biscane's cronies approaching, Rosita, Alex and Finkelman run away, leaving Archie by himself. Archie overhears the cronies talking about Biscane's plan, but he doesn't really understand it. However, he accidentally attracts their attention, but before they can get him, he is rescued by, you've guessed it, Kahuna, who is in fact REAL. (Of course.) But then Kahuna leaves and the other babies don't believe Archie. Kylie, Archie's older cousin and Stan's neice, takes them all out to the chidren's museum, but not before bumping into a cronie (who everyone thinks is the film crew) and a disc falls into the pushchair. On the way to the museum they are stopped by loads of Biscane's other cronies. But Kahuna rescues them all, and the babies realise that Archie was telling the truth. Kahuna takes them all to his base in Hollywood, where they meet Zack, whom Kahuna took in years ago. Kahuna's base is in fact a huge playground, and Kylie finds it...weird. (Which it is.) Kahuna transforms the babies into superbabies: Archie is brain boy, Alex is bounce boy, Rosita is Cupid Girl, and Finkelman is Courage boy. But they don't think these super alter-egos fit their personalities, and they tell Kahuna to change them back to normal. Which he does. After convincing Stan and Archie's mother that they (Kylie and all the baies) are okay, Archie asks Kahuna to tell him where he got his powers from. But he refuses...so Archie eavesdrops on Zack and Kylie. Zack tells Kylie that Kahuna's father was a scientist and developed a formula of some sort, which Kahuna drank, and he was transformed into a super baby, but he is stuck as a child forever. (In other words, he's about 70 but stuck in the body of a 7 year old.) Kahuna's brother didn't like it that everyone thought he and his family were freaks. When the father died, despite Kahuna being 18, he was put into an orphanage, but he escaped, and set out to rescue babies and children everywhere, and in the words of Zack, "a legend was born." (As you can see, not cheesy at all.) The next day, Zack and Kylie find the disc that magically managed to travel from the pushchair into Kylie's bag...(or at least that's what it looked like to me.) Zack gives it to Kahuna. Then Zack and Kylie go for a picnic on the hills and they kiss, when Zack gets a message from Kahuna. On the disc is a clip of the programme that is to be aired on Biscane's TV channel, followed by lots of seemingly random code. They FINALLY realise that Biscane is up to no good, and set out to see what is going on. Zack, posing as a policeman, and the babies, watch as Biscane counts down til his channel is to be aired on TV. But Kahuna, who has worked out his plan to control the world (there's a new one) stops him and destroys the satellites- before disappearing. (Oh no.) Archie and the other three don't know what to do- they think they can't go on without Kahuna. But in fact, all they need to do is believe in themselves. They all decide to go and become their super alter-egos-for Kahuna. (As I've said before, not cheesy in the slightest.) With Stan, Archie's mum, Kylie and Zack with them, they return to Kahuna's hideout and become Bounce Boy, Cupid Girl, Brain Boy and Courageous Boy. Then Kahuna arrives, followed by Biscane and his cronies. But after defeating all the cronies, Biscane still gets the disc he needs and begins to air the TV clip on TV. It's also revealed that he is Kahuna's older brother (plot twist of the century) and he hates Kahuna for being their dad's favourite. Now Kahuna and Biscane have always been fighting, ever since Kahuna escaped from the orphanage- Biscane always wanted to be young forever, that's why he hates children, and Kahuna needed to save all the children from his evil brother. Anyway, the babies kick Biscane into the...thing resembling a carousel that transformed them into their super selves and he, wanting to become everything he's ever wanted, presses a button that wasn't there before and becomes a baby, much to his despair. But "thankfully" his cronies promise to look after him. Kahuna reverses the transmission posing as the TV clip Biscane is airing and all the children decide to run outside and play tag. Yes, apparently every child in the world starts playing tag. Now that their work is done, Kahuna tells Archie that he must go and though they'll always be friends, Archie must stay with his family and Kahuna must go and save kids. In the ending scenes, Zack meets his mother (Kahuna had rescued him from...somewhere but Kahuna could never find Zack's parents, so that's why he took him in to live with him.) Zack and Kylie are dating, apparently, and Archie, running outside, sees Kahuna in the flying vehicle who waves at him and yells something about he'll always be a hero. The film ends (thankfully) with Archie waving at the sky and audience members crying in their seats.
tt0436331
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The story of four best friends whose comfortable lives are thrown off balance as the realities of early middle age set in. It paints a painfully hillarious portrait of modern life in theclass sensitive west side of Los Angeles.
tt0317132
Comedy,Drama,Family
Opal (AnnaSophia Robb), is a 10-year-old girl who has just moved to a small town in Florida with her preacher father (Jeff Daniels). The move has caused Opal to lose all her friends, and now she must start all over again. Life has been a little tough for Opal, since her mother abandoned them when she was three. Opal's father asks her to pick up a few items for dinner at the Winn-Dixie supermarket. While in the store, a big dog is running loose in the store with clerks chasing after him. The store manager wants to call the dog pound, but Opal says that the dog is hers, and his name is Winn-Dixie. Opal take the dog home, and must convince her father to keep the dog. He agrees to keep the dog temporarily, until a new owner can be found. They go around town putting up posters of the dog, and later in the day Opal goes around and takes the posters down, because she secretly wants to keep the dog. Opal discovers that Winn-Dixie is able to make friends with everyone he meets, and now Opal has some new friends, because of Winn-Dixie. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) ------------------------ A lonely 10-year-old girl adopts an orphaned dog, Winn-Dixie, named after the supermarket where she found him, who helps her make friends in a small Florida town. The inseparable bond between the girl and her beloved companion unites the townspeople and helps her own troubled relationship with her father.
tt0456020
Action,Crime,Drama
Ex-con Otis (Tyrese Gibson), or "O2" as he was once known on account of his ability to vanish from a crime scene like oxygen, has done his time and is now determined to stay out of trouble and never leave his young son, Otis, Jr. (played by Vondie Curtis-Hall's young son, Henry Hunter Hall), ever again. When O2 shows up late to pick Junior up from school one afternoon, he swears that he will always come back for Junior. That promise is put to the test just moments later when O2's vintage 1960's Chevrolet Impala SS Lowrider convertible is stolen from him at gunpoint in the middle of a crowded Southland intersection with Junior in the back seat. O2 chases the car and gets into a nasty gun battle with the carjackers circumstances that then make it impossible for O2 go to the police but to no avail. O2 does, however, catch up with Coco (Meagan Good), a woman who sells stolen suits on the streets for a thug known as P Money (Julius Denem). O2 knows she is the one who marked him for the carjacking, and he forces her to help him retrieve Junior. Lucky (Larenz Tate), Otis' unreliable cousin who works for Big Meat (Jayceon "Game" Taylor), the brutally vicious leader of the Outlaw Syndicate, also offers to help. After a few hours on the street, Lucky comes back with some bad news: Junior has fallen into Meat's hands, and Meat (the main antagonist of the film) is demanding that O2 deliver $100,000 by midnight the following night, or Junior will die. Otis claims that he has no money, but Meat thinks otherwise: Meat was once O2's partner in crime, and he thinks O2 is still holding onto the $100,000 they made off their last job together the job that got O2 six years in prison. Desperate to raise the cash, O2 comes up with a plan: he and Coco will rob P Money's and Meat's own operations, staging it to look like the one is stealing from the other, and thereby triggering a gang war that will hopefully eliminate both and help O2 and Coco rescue Junior. After a successful robbery of one of the Big Meat's locations, O2 and Coco come across a set of safe deposit box keys belonging to numerous banks in the area. The next day with time wearing thin, they stage a number of bank robberies and are able to retrieve expensive jewellery, which Lucky offers to get rid of eager to prove his worth. When Lucky takes the jewelry to Big Meat unknowing that it belongs to Big Meat, Lucky is forced to set up a meeting between himself, O2, and Coco, with Big Meat along to end O2 once and for all. They take a car to an alley and give him the money. It is then revealed that Big Meat never intended to let Junior live, as he signals one of his men to kill Junior. Lucky sees this and tackles him as the man shoots many shots, one shooting Lucky in the side of the chest. O2 kills Meat's men, leaving only Meat. He then proceeds to shoot O2 but has no shots remaining. O2 shoots and kills him and retrieves Junior. On the road, they stop at a gas station to attend to Lucky's wound. O2 tells Lucky that they will get him to a hospital, but he realizes that Lucky has died. Swerving off the road, they are chased by the cops. O2 hides in a parking lot and tells Coco that she must take Junior and go to the Mexican border while he outruns the cops. As Junior and Coco escape, O2 is tailed by the cops. They run him to a dead end where the lake is. O2, realizing he has no choice, drives straight into the water. In Mexico, Coco and Junior are living in a house on a beach. They are walking on the beach when Junior sees something in the distance. He and Coco find that it is O2, who has escaped the ocean and come back to them, as he promised. They then reunite.
tt0361841
Comedy,Romance,Drama
Stacy (Brittany Murphy) works as an assosiate producer on a tv talk show called Kippie Kann played by Kathy Bates. She is staying with her boyfriend Derek (Ron Livingston) and stumbles upon his 'little black book'. The device shows Stacy that her boyfriend has pictures and phone numbers of several ex-girlfriends. She decides to meet each one of the ex's personally in an attempt to get closer to Dereks past life and ends up becoming friends with one of the ex's. However Stacy is set up by her colleague Barb (Holly Hunter) as she has kept track of everything Stacy has done with the Palm Pilot -the little black book- and stages her on a live performance of the talk show and Stacy ends up losing her boyfriend to the ex she became friends with. The end of the film shows Stacy getting a new, better job and meeting her idol Carly Simon.
tt0372873
Action,Drama,Fantasy
"Since the dawn of what became a legend, the most unimaginable is about to occur . This summer, experience the absolute conquest of all mankind. Beginning with one search. For the one and only. The chosen one. Descended from the heavens above. Welcome to Dragon Wars." A STORY THAT HAS BEEN LOST TO MANKIND... CONCEPT: "Dragons are mythical, legendary creatures found in cultures throughout the world. However, the Imoogi possesses extraordinary powers that allow it to transform itself into a dynamic, powerful and sometimes demonic animal. In mythology, the Dragon is characterized as a divine governor of water and rain. People held sacrificial rites to the God of King Dragon to pray for rain or protection from deadly storms . These sacrificial rites also included prayers to the Imoogi because it had the ability to cause droughts by filling the skies with fire. There are still actual remnants around the cult-like shrines and prayer altars used to worship the Imoogi thousands of years ago. Yeouijoo, a symbol for Dragon, refers to a magical pearl possessing the power to grant any wish. Legend has it that an Imoogi can transform itself into a Dragon if it acquires the Yeouijoo . Every five hundred years, the Imoogi have the ability to become Dragons and, thereby, conquer the world by obtaining the magical Yeouijoo. The Yeouijoo is currently hidden in a young's girl's body. The culmination of the Imoogi's perseverance and determination promises to bring dramatic, devastating and inconceivable consequences . By applying the legend of Imoogi to modern times, D-War is a film that invites us into a new and exceptional world full of suspense, thrill and fantasy ! SYNOPSIS: In a small Korean village, five hundred years ago, a girl named Narin was born carrying the coveted Yeouijoo inside her. The Heavens sent the protector Bochun and his prot&eacute;g&eacute; Haram, to ensure that when it came time, Narin was peacefully sacrificed to the pre-determined Good Imoogi. Bochun vigorously trained Haram as a knight, to be prepared for the eventual day when Narin would be delivered to the Good Imoogi. The day the Dark Imoogi, Buraki, and his army destroyed Narin's village looking for the Yeouijoo, Bochun instructed Haram to take her to the Good Imoogi. The young girl and her knight would then fulfill the giant's serpent's destiny by giving it the power to save the world and become a heavenly dragon. By this time, after spending several years together, Haram and Narin had fallen in love. Unable to sacrifice their love to the benevolent Imoogi, they jumped to their deaths together in each other's arms. The Good Imoogi's destiny was unfulfilled and he would have to wait another five hundred years until the next Yeouijoo appears. It is now five hundred years later in present day Los Angeles and the quest for the Imoogi is reborn. Haram and Narin have been reincarnated as Ethan Kendrick and Sarah Daniels whose bond of love remains unsevered. Ethan is an investigative reporter for the local news. He is closely following a series of unexplainable disasters occurring in the area. When a young woman named Sarah is linked to those occurrences, Ethan remembers that an ancient man he met many years before had predicted all of these events . Ethan finds Sarah and helps her escape the wrath of Buraki and his army. Aware that Sarah must sacrifice herself in order to save the city from the Buraki and ensure that the Good Imoogi becomes the Dragon, Ethan tries to convince Sarah that there is another way to battle the Imoogies. Meanwhile, the FBI agent on the case, Frank Campbell, has uncovered the Imoogies' intentions through his own investigations. Campbell is ready to sacrifice Sarah to the demonic animals to save Los Angeles. In the face of chaos and destruction, Ethan and Sarah must decide their own fate - whether to defy the will of heaven once again and let the city be destroyed or deliver Sarah to the Good Imoogi. " -----end ( obtained from Younggu-Art by media liaison, Irene Nakano , in Seoul , Korea / e-mail: soongshil@gmail.com )
tt1153706
Action,Comedy,Music
The film opens with a large dance showdown. Thomas Uncles (Damon Wayans Jr.) and his crew are engaged in a fierce showdown which results in a tie. During the dance off, Thomas pees on the competition, only to be countered with a dancer who spins so fast he drills into the floor. The judge says that the only way to settle the score is with a rematch. Thomas doesnt want to bet someone elses money on the match, but one of his crew says they can win if they pull off a signature move. Thomas warns against it since the person who does the move could become crippled for life. Thomas tells him that theres no I in team and the other man starts listing words that could have an I and include others. He disregards what Thomas is saying and bets 5,000 on the outcome of the match. The judge lies about the amount of money several times, each time getting a gun pointed at his head until he announces that the winner walks away with 10,000 dollars. Thomas crew member, D, takes up the challenge and does a special move on his head. However, the other team put oil on the floor and D flies out of the building and down the street while on his head. He then falls off an overpass and dies. Thomas's team loses and their boss is angry that they lost 5,000 dollars. Megan White (Shoshana Bush) is on a train. A very large black woman with a bunch of kids asks if the seat next to her is taken. Her kids smack Megan into the glass. The mother sees Megan looking at a Dance catalog and asks if she dances. Megan recounts how she used to be a ballet dancer and smacked her family in the face before going to a dance competition. Her mother was on her way to the competition when she was in a crash. Ignored by people who just wanted to steal free gas, her mother was forced to get out of the car on her on. She gets hit by several cars until Halle Berrys Catwoman hits her with her car and forces her into an open grave. Meanwhile, Megan dances for the judges in a scene which parodies Abigail Breslins dance routine at the end of Little Miss Sunshine until the judges throw a pie in her face. The judges reject her and then tell her that her mom died. The lady on the train, disgusted by the story, takes her kids away from Megan and leave Megan with Punch Me written on her and cornrows. Thomas and his partner arrive at their bosss house. Their boss is huge and demands that they give him the food he asked them to bring. After he eats, the boss tells them that he heard about the dance battle and that he will give them a week to get his money back or he will kill them. They leave. Megan is picked up by her father at the train station and he asks her if she has any baggage. She responds that he left her when she was 10, her mom is dead, and that she hasnt been on a date in a year because of her looks. Her dad cuts her off and tells her he means luggage. She points to all the luggage covering the station and tells him theyre hers. He takes her to his rat trap apartment and tells her hes squatting. Outside the building a rap battle occurs and the rapper brags about his latest killing spree. A crowd member tells him his rap was good and arrests him, playing back the rap as a confession. In a car next to the rappers, a mother tells her son Ray that theres no ways to beat around the bushyoure blind son. He tells her he knows and she tells him that hes on his own and kicks him out of the car. He falls into an open manhole. Megan walks around her new school with the principal and sees it is not a normal high school (the principal scolds a couple for wearing a condom, and tells a graffiti artist to use spray paint instead of permanent marker). The principal gives Megan her locker and leaves her. Megan meets her neighbor Charity, a girl with a baby who gave birth during a dance off. Megan is surprised that Charity brings her baby to school with her, and Charity says its so she knows her baby is safe. Charity then hangs her baby in the locker and leaves for class. In class, an overweight girl name Tracy flirts with a boy named Jack. Tracy asks if Jack has a dance partner for the Romeo and Juliet performance. Jack is obviously gay, but Tracy doesnt pick up on it. The acting professor comes in and starts asking the students what they are willing to do for art. Thomas launches into a streak of insulting Employee of the Month, while Megan defends the movie saying that she saw it four times. The teacher enjoys the debate and then points out that most actors are white and that what few roles are available are for the Wayans Brothers (a reference to the fact that they made the movie.) He tells the class that the one thing all actors have is dignity, and then establishes the fact that he sold out for money (which to him equals dignity). Megan goes to her dance lesson with her teacher Mrs. Cameltoe, who goes through them and starts insulting every student. One student commits suicide from the comments. Cameltoe wants them all to step up their game. Meanwhile, Jack is playing basketball with his dad. Jack asks if its ok to want to try something new and begins describing gay sex graphically. His father mistakes it for wanting to join the wrestling team. Jack is then dismissed for lunch. Megan is at lunch and tries to sit with the rich dancers but they insult her and force her to leave. Charity takes Megan to a different table and sits with two black girls who Charity sits next to look better. Charity tells Megan that Thomas is her brother when Megan calls him an asshole. Megan tries to backpedal but Charity has some fun with it. A lunch singing dance scene takes off. Jack leads it and comes out of the closet. A girl named Nora is trying to find a dance partner but none of the guys can handle her weight. She only weighs 97 pounds. The janitor lifts her but she farts, so he throws her over his shoulder. Outside, Charity tells Megan about a dance party thats happening that night and asks if shes 21. Megan tells her no, so they arrange to get her an ID. Charity and Megan meet up with her friends and Charity gives Megan a makeover in a car. When Megan comes out, shes black. In the bar, Charity sees her babys dad and the dad starts flirting with Charity. She leaves Megan alone at the bar and Thomas comes over. He makes pointless small talks. Charity tells her baby daddy that they should have another kid, and he bolts. Meanwhile, Thomas hears his favorite song and asks Megan to dance. Thomas dances around Megan and they dance in a really lame manner reminiscent of dance dance revolution. Thomas and his partner run into the dance crew they lost to early. They trade insults before bouncing out of the club. Thomas leaves angry and Megan follows him wanting to find out more. He shrugs it off and Thomas offers to walk with Meganso she will protect him from thugs. He tells her he enjoyed the night and offers to work on dance moves with her. The next day they work on their dance moves. He tells her she needs to be more aggressive and then he ends up beating her brutally when she pushes him. She asks him about his partner, Akon. Thomas tells her he doesnt want to be a thug forever and that he wants to be a doctor so that he can work on vaginas. Thomas asks about Megans mom and then gets her to run around the school screaming MY MOM IS DEAD Charity and Megan are in her room when the Baby Daddy arrives to pick up his son. He picks him up for 5 seconds, holds him, puts him back and leaves. Thomas gets into Just Community College and theres a lot of Congratulations passed around. Thomas then takes Megan out to celebrate. He takes her to a showing of MY MOM DIED IN A CAR CRASH a performance about Megans mom. Megan breaks down crying while Thomas laughs his ass off. Afterward, Megan expresses her desire to have her mom back and stopped dancing because of her. Thomas tells her that her moms death was her fault since she set ridiculous expectations. Thomas tells her that if she wants to get into Julliard she needs to move past the baggage. Theyre about to kiss when some black girls walk by and Thomas pretends not to know her. Thomas' boss sends thugs to collect Akon and Thomas. He tries to signal Megan to call the cops by telling her to call him at 9:11, that he bought Police concert tickets and that theres a marathon of COPS on television that she should look into. Shes oblivious so Thomas is taken to his presumed death. The boss is angry that Akon and Thomas dont have his money. He enters them into the next dance battle and tells them that they better win. Cut to basketball. The girls are playing basketball in the gym. Nora starts mocking Megan before showing that Thomas recorded them having sex (One Night in Megan) and started selling it. The two start fighting in the gym. Jacks dad is there whipping the mens wrestling team into shape and starts screaming at them with homosexual innuendos riddling the speech. Jack screams in support of it, and his Dad thinks its good team spirit and agrees with him. Charity says that Nora is just an oppressed white girl and Megan takes offense to that saying that she paid her dues. It shows Megan receiving a DUI and attempting to fellate an officer when he asks her to blow on the breathalyzer. Meanwhile, Akon hatches a plan to kill their boss in order to avoid paying back the debt. Thomas doesnt want to do it. During a dance session with Thomas, Megan dumps him because they spend more time defending their relationship than having one. Thomas leaves and starts dancing in the rain to vent his frustrations and prep for the dance off. During his routine hes electrocuted by lightening. Charity brings her son to the playground and the Baby Daddy shows up. He asks to talk and lets her know that things are going to be different and that he wants to be a better father even though he doesnt know his sons name. He wants his son to wake up every morning and see his face. The Baby Daddy leaves a picture of himself and tells her to hang it on the babys wall. He then leaves. Thomas meets up with Akon and his friends and tells them that hes not going to participate in a drive by on their boss. Akon tells him that he cant go to J.C.C. like Thomas and tells him that his life is that of a gangster. They drive off to kill the boss, leaving Thomas alone. Megan hears about the fact that Thomas is 5,000 dollars in debt and starts to set up a crew to win the dance battle. Megan grabs Tracy, Nora and Jack to form a crew to win the contest money and leaves her own school showcase to help Thomas. Just as the winner is about to be announced by the judge, Thomas arrives and challenges the crew that beat him in the beginning. Megan arrives with her crew and the dance off begins. Akon arrives to back up Thomas telling him that someone else already took out their boss. The crews face off and pull off a well choreographed routine. Megan falls down and suffers with self doubt. She starts dancing like a stripper on a poll (including spinning around the poll with her teeth). Akon and Thomas start dancing with roller skates and shorts. Akon carries Thomas on his head and little disco balls come out of Thomass shorts. The Judge announces that the dance off is a tie. He gets pissed at the decision of the panel and tells the crew that each crew gets one dance move and that the audience will decide the winner. The other crew steals D performed before he died. Hope seems lost when Thomas and Akons fat boss arrives and starts dancing. He pulls off a killer fat man routine which impresses the judges panel and the audience. The boss crushes the leader of the other team, leaving him pressed into the floor and winning the competition. Megan and Thomas reconcile as Mrs. Cameltoe arrives. Megan tells Mrs. Cameltoe that the only way to earn respect is on the street. Mrs. Cameltoe starts beat boxing with her vagina. On prom night, Thomas and Megan go to the dance together. Thomas asks if Megan knows her and tells her that she needs to see him in the light. He tells her he should be afraid and turns into a blue vampire. Megan tells her hes not scary and that shes just disappointed. He returns to normal and they dance. Theyre about to kiss when Megan sees some white guys and pretends not to know Thomas. Parodies * Footloose * Save the Last Dance * You Got Served * Stomp the Yard * Step Up * Flashdance * Step Up 2: The Streets * Hairspray * Singin' in the Rain * Little Miss Sunshine * The House Bunny * Crash * Black Snake Moan * High School Musical * Fame * Honey * Bring It On * Center Stage * Twilight * Roll Bounce * Notorious * Superbad * Catwoman * 1 Night in Paris * Ray * Dreamgirls * Edward Scissorhands * Enchanted * Final Destination * America's Best Dance Crew * Coyote Ugly * So You Think You Can Dance * ATL * White Chicks * Alice in Wonderland * Spiderman
tt1142800
Comedy,Crime,Drama
At long last, Madea returns to the big screen in TYLER PERRY'S MADEA GOES TO JAIL. This time America's favorite irreverent, pistol-packin' grandmomma is raising hell behind bars and lobbying for her freedom...Hallelujer! After a high-speed freeway chase puts Madea (TYLER PERRY) in front of the judge, her reprieve is short-lived as anger management issues get the best of her and land her in jail. A gleeful Joe (TYLER PERRY) couldn't be happier at Madea's misfortune. But Madea's eccentric family members the Browns (DAVID and TAMALA MANN) rally behind her, lending their special "country" brand of support. Meanwhile, Assistant District Attorney Joshua Hardaway (DEREK LUKE) is on the fast track to career success. But Hardaway lands a case too personal to handle - defending young prostitute and former drug addict Candace Washington (KEISHA KNIGHT PULLIAM) - and asks his fiancée and fellow ADA Linda Holmes (ION OVERMAN) to fill in on his behalf. When Candace ends up in jail, Madea befriends the young woman, protecting her in a "motherly" way as only Madea can. Based on Perry's successful stage play, TYLER PERRY'S MADEA GOES TO JAIL is written, and directed by Tyler Perry. The film is produced by Reuben Cannon. TYLER PERRY'S MADEA GOES TO JAIL also stars RONREACO LEE, VANESSA FERLITO, VIOLA DAVIS, ROBIN COLEMAN, SOPHIA VERGARA, and BOBBI BAKER.
tt0770772
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Richard Cooper (Rock) is a married man and father of two who is just plain bored with married life. Not getting any sex from his wife, he resorts to ogling random women on the street to the point he takes lunch late to look at them. When old crush Nikki Tru (Kerry Washington) visits his office to get a reference letter, she becomes obsessed with Cooper and they begin a complicated relationship. In the end, Cooper has to decide between his wife, Brenda (Gena Torres) and Nikki.
tt1095174
Comedy,Romance
Lucy Hill (Renee Zellweger) is a high achiever shooting to become a Vice President. To show the President that she has the ability, she takes an assignment to restructure one of their small manufacturing plants in Minnesota. From the high life in Miami to the bitter cold, snow, and icy roads, Lucy must endure these hardships to succeed. Lucy is treated as an outsider when she arrives, and the locals give her a week before she leaves. Lucy is a fighter and wants to win. She meets Ted Mitchell (Harry Connick, Jr.) who is the union representative. At first, she has some conflicts with the workers, but soon they begin to accept her. The new product line is a bust, and she is ordered to close the plant and fire everyone. However, she has a better idea of making money for the company and saving everybody's job. Along the way, she finds something she didn't know she was looking for - "Love".
tt1431181
Comedy,Drama
Tom, a geologist, and Gerri Hepple, a counsellor, are an older married couple who have a comfortable, loving relationship. The film observes them over the course of the four seasons of a year, surrounded by family and friends who mostly suffer some degree of unhappiness. Gerri's friend and colleague, Mary, works as a receptionist at the health centre. She is a middle aged divorced single woman seeking a new relationship, and despite telling everyone she is cheerful and happy, she appears desperate and depressed. She often seems to drink too much. The Hepple's only son Joe, is 30 and unmarried and works as a solicitor giving advice on housing. In the summer the Hepples are visited by Ken, Tom's old friend from his student days. Ken is overweight, eats and drinks compulsively and seems very unhappy. Tom and Gerri host a barbecue in Ken's honour. Mary drives her newly bought car to the party, but gets lost and arrives late. Having had some wine, she flirts with the Hepple's son, Joe , who remains friendly but does not reciprocate. After the party, Mary reluctantly gives Ken, a lift. He makes a clumsy sexual approach and Mary angrily rejects him. Months later in the autumn, Mary is once again at Tom and Gerri's home. Joe arrives with a new girlfriend, Katie. Mary appears rude and hostile towards Katie, which is not appreciated by Tom and Gerri. This leads to a rift between Gerri and Mary. Time moves on to winter and Tom, Gerri and Joe attend a funeral for the wife of Tom's brother, Ronnie. Towards the end of the service, Ronnie's estranged son, Carl, arrives late and angrily questions why the ceremony has not been delayed for him. Later at the reception at Ronnie's house, Carl becomes aggressive and walks out. Tom and Gerri invite Ronnie back to London to stay to with them for a while and Ronnie agrees. While Tom and Gerri are at their allotment Mary arrives unannounced at the Hepple's home and persuades Ronnie to let her in. Her car has just been written off and she is upset. The two have a cup of tea then a desultory chat before Mary falls asleep on the couch. When Tom and Gerri return they are unhappy to find Mary at their house. Gerri explains to Mary that she feels let down by her earlier behaviour towards Katie. Mary apologises and weeps. Gerri gradually extends a degree of warmth to Mary, suggesting that she should seek professional help, and the two women set the dinner table. Joe and Katie arrive, their relationship still appears strong and happy. The Hepple family enjoy dinner together. Mary eats with them but appears lost and uncertain.
tt0858479
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Carnegie Mellon English Professor Lawrence Wetherhold (Dennis Quaid) is a depressed middle-aged widower. He is arrogant at work, uninterested in his students, and alienated from his two children. His adopted ne'er-do-well brother Chuck (Thomas Haden Church) arrives to borrow money and stay for a while, and tries to unwind Lawrence's lonely, high-achieving teenage daughter Vanessa (Ellen Page). Meanwhile, Lawrence suffers a trauma-induced seizure after falling from the top of a fence in an attempt to retrieve his briefcase from inside of his impounded car. After being released from the hospital, Lawrence has a meeting with a sympathetic doctor, Janet (Sarah Jessica Parker), a former student he does not recall. Janet fulfills her long-ago crush with a "face-to-face" date with the professor, towards which Vanessa verbalizes her displeasure, confronting Janet about Lawrence's fragility. At dinner, however, Lawrence displays his stultifying arrogance and Janet walks out. The two reconcile at a second date, but, while spending the night, Janet is turned off by Lawrence's neediness and worries that he is, in fact, still too distraught by his wife's death. In order to get rid of him, she feigns being called in by the hospital and does not return any of his subsequent calls. On another night, in the midst of a contentious Christmas family dinner at the Wetherholds', Janet arrives unannounced with a cake. After Chuck gets Vanessa drunk to celebrate her early acceptance into Stanford University, she makes a pass at him. He then moves in part-time with Lawrence's son, James (Ashton Holmes), in his college dormitory. James' girlfriend and Lawrence's student Missy (Camille Mana) tells Lawrence that James has had a poem accepted at The New Yorker. By contrast, Lawrence has failed to sell his latest academic tome to any publisher. Vanessa changes the title to You Can't Read! and the book is sold to Penguin Group, a large non-academic publisher in New York. To Lawrence's dismay, however, the book is largely re-worked and edited by the publisher. Janet accompanies him on a trip to New York, where she learns she is pregnant by Lawrence. Pre-occupied by his book publishing and an on-going campaign to become chairman of the English Department at the college, Janet is again upset by Lawrence's self-absorption and breaks up without telling him the news. Back in Pittsburgh, Lawrence is additionally confronted by both James and Chuck, who both point to his uninvolvedness with his children's lives. Helped along by Chuck, Lawrence goes to the hospital to reconcile with Janet, who reveals her pregnancy. He has meanwhile become a more involved parent and professor. During the end credits, the main characters cradle twin babies.
tt0437800
Drama,Family
Akeelah Anderson (Keke Palmer) is an 11-year-old girl in south Los Angeles, with a love for words. Spelling words was a way for her to connect to her father who was killed when she was six. Akeelah is a bright student, but she has been skipping class and is barely passing. Akeelah's principal is about to put her in detention when he persuades her to enter the Crenshaw school's spelling bee. Akeelah wins the spelling-bee and now she can go to the state contest. Dr. Larabee (Laurence Fishburne), a college professor and former national spelling-bee contestant, enters the picture. The principal has asked Dr. Larabee to help coach Akeelah. At first, Akeelah is stubborn and hardheaded that she doesn't need any help to win the next spelling-bee. However, Dr. Larabee shows Akeelah that she doesn't know all the words to win. During the summer, Dr. Larabee is a tough taskmaster teaching Akeelah as much as he can. He then gives her 5,000 new words to learn and tells her to do it on her own. With the help of the whole neighborhood, Akeelah learns all the words, and makes it to the national spelling-bee in Washington D.C. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0374563
Crime,Drama,Horror
The film opens with the torture of a young man (whose face is covered) - 2 tubes are inserted into his nose, and (via a foot pump) a greenish fluid in pumped in through one pipe - causing blood to pour out through the other. The man's captor then kills him with a large hammer. Jennifer Tree (Elisha Cuthbert), a young fashion model and cover girl, had captured the attention of photographers and for better or worse, the public at large. On an evening out alone, Jennifer is stalked and drugged. She wakes in a stupor to find herself captive and confined to a cell. A series of metal bins and numbered lockers abruptly swing open in front of her. They contain personal items taken from her apartment. She is forced to view videotapes containing images of the victims that were tortured previous to her captivity as well as videotaped interviews she had given to the media in the past. Trapped, realizing there is no way out, Jennifer pleads and screams to anyone that might hear her. During her confinement, she is subjected to various forms of psychological and sensory torture. She is forced to drink a blended mixture of an eye, ear and nose of a previous victim. Then, she is made to decide who dies within 30 seconds: herself or her dog, Suzy. Jennifer eventually finds she is not alone. A young man, Gary (Daniel Gillies), is being held captive in an adjoining cell. The two make contact and try to find out why they are being held. After watching the horrific scene, they find their way out. A fight ensues between Gary and the captor. Ultimately, Jennifer is drugged once again and wakes up confined to a "torture chair" with Gary. Ready to pull out Jennifer's tooth, Gary insists the captor take his out instead. After a moment of consensual sex, Gary awakens to find Jennifer, who has been drugged once again. He takes out a key to an adjoining cell. A tape is shown where a woman lying on her bed with cigarettes and pills scattered everywhere is apologizing to her son for "touching" him. The boy then repeatedly stabs his mother several times, killing her. He then snaps a picture of his dead mother. In a little corner glancing at the photo, a smirk appears on his face. Meanwhile, Gary's key opens a door into a house, revealing that Gary and his older brother Ben (Pruitt Taylor Vince) are actually the captors. Gary joins Ben in the kitchen where they make sushi. Gary tells Ben that he is falling in love with Jennifer. Ben strikes Gary and says "play them, don't play with them." Ben then puts something in the fridge. When he turns around Gary stabs him. Gary then watches the same tape of the woman lying on the bed that was shown earlier. The boy stabbing his mother is revealed to have been Gary looking at a smirking Ben. After the tape, Gary is seen reviewing a series of pictures in an album, and then there is a knock at the door. At the sound of knocks, he quickly rushes and puts the albums in a cabinet. He slams the cabinet's door, but it does not fully close. The knock at the door are two detectives looking for Ben. Gary tells them that his brother is not at the house. The detectives enter the house, getting comfortable and asking to watch a big sports game on TV. One of them flips the channel to the surveillance video of Jennifer sleeping. Seeing this, Gary shoots them both. He runs down to where Jennifer is being held and tells her that he has killed "them" and that it is time to go. He places Jennifer in a room and tells her not to go. One of the detectives, not dead after all, jumps out at her but she bashes him with a bat, believing him to be one of her captors. Jennifer then discovers the ajar cabinet and begins viewing the albums. Gary is in all of them. While looking through albums, Ben, also not yet dead, jumps out at her. However, Jennifer finishes him off by stabbing the knife more deeply into him. After viewing the albums, Jennifer hears the detective's pager ring and she goes through his personal belongings. Gary is seen recording Jennifer and claims she belongs to him and will help her clean the mess up. She tricks him and sprays ammonia in his eyes before running off. On her way she cuts a series of wires and electrical cords, preventing doors, code entries, and lights from working. Jennifer picks up a flashlight and the gun used on the detectives. She does not know how to use a gun, and fails to 'cock' it. Gary then throws her on a bed and points the gun at her face, explaining why the gun had not fired, while firing a round into the ceiling to demonstrate and terrify her. She kicks him in the groin and retrieves the gun from him. This time she cocks the gun. Instead of then shooting him in the head she shoots him in the groin, and says "thanks" to him. She then shoots him in the heart and exits the room. She leaves the house, and the last scene shows posters of Jennifer's new film, DARE.
tt1100051
Crime,Horror,Thriller
In 1989, six year old Martin Bristoll was kidnapped from his backyard swing in Minersville Pennsylvania. Graham Sutter, a psychotic recluse, kept Martin imprisoned on his derelict pig farm, forcing him to witness and participate in unspeakable horrors. Chosen at random, his victim's screams were drowned out by the rural countryside. For five years, Martin's whereabouts have remained a mystery, until 17 year old Allison Miller (Alexandra Daddario) comes to live with her Uncle, Jonathan (Michael Biehn). While exploring her new surroundings, Allison discovers things aren't quite right at the farmhouse down the road. Her curiosity disturbs a hornet's nest of evil and despair that once torn open, can never be closed. Starring Michael Biehn, Brett Rickaby, Alexandra Daddario, and John Savage. Written and Directed by Stevan Mena
tt0846308
Comedy,Drama,Family
In June 1934, Kit Kittredge (Abigail Breslin) is determined to become a reporter, and she writes articles on the typewriter in her tree house while drama unfolds beneath her. The mortgage on her house is about to be foreclosed because her father (Chris O'Donnell) lost his car dealership and couldn't keep up with the payments. He has gone to Chicago, Illinois to search for work, and to make some income her mother (Julia Ormond) takes in an odd assortment of boarders, including magician Mr. Berk (Stanley Tucci), dance instructor Miss Dooley (Jane Krakowski), and mobile library driver Miss Bond (Joan Cusack). Locally there have been reports of muggings and robberies supposedly committed by hobos. Kit investigates and meets young Will (Max Thieriot) and Countee (Willow Smith), who live in a hobo jungle near the Ohio River and Erie Lackawanna Railway. Kit writes a story about the camp and tries to sell it to Mr. Gibson (Wallace Shawn), the mean editor of the Cincinnati newspaper, but he has no interest in the subject. She adopts a dog, her mother buys chickens, and Kit sells their eggs. Then a locked box containing her mother's treasures is stolen, and a footprint with a star matching the one on Will's boot is discovered, making him the prime suspect. The sheriff goes to find Will and Countee. However, Will and Countee have left the hobo jungle. It's up to Kit and her friends Stirling (Zach Mills) and Ruthie (Madison Davenport) to gather enough evidence to prove that Will is innocent and Mr. Berk is the guilty party. Kit becomes a local hero. They found out that Countee has been pretending to be a boy. On Thanksgiving the hobos bring food to Kit's mother and Kit's father returns home. Mr. Gibson arrives to show Kit she is in print in Cincinnati's major daily newspaper.
tt1967545
Drama,Romance
In 1987, Adele Wheeler (Kate Winslet) is a depressed single mom who lives in a rural home with her 13-year-old son, Henry (Gattlin Griffith). While they are clothes shopping, a bloody man approaches Henry and makes them take him home to look after him. The man is revealed to be Frank Chambers (Josh Brolin), a convict who is wanted by the local police after breaking out of jail. Through flashbacks, it is revealed that Frank is a Vietnam veteran who returned home and married his pregnant girlfriend, Mandy (Maika Monroe), who soon gave birth. A year after the baby's birth, Frank and Mandy had a fight, in which, based on his suspicions he asks if he's even the baby's father. During the fight, he pushed her against a radiator, resulting in her death. Simultaneously, through imagery, it is implied that the baby drowned. Frank was sent to jail for murder. It is also learned as Adele tells Frank through flashbacks that she has had pregnancy losses after Henry, including a number of miscarriages and finally, the full-term stillbirth of a baby girl. This has left Adele with significant psychological issues including severe social anxiety and depression, which Henry's father later explains to Henry as the reasons behind leaving her. Henry has tried to be both a son and a husband (innocently) but he realizes he can't provide all of the things Adele needs. Adele is a passionate woman who loves to dance and teaches both Henry and Frank separately to dance. Frank teaches Henry car repairs and other handyman/fatherly things. He also teaches Adele and Henry how to play baseball and how to bake a peach pie. Adele and Frank fall in love and plan to escape to Canada with Henry. They begin packing the house and cleaning on Labor Day. Meanwhile, Henry develops a friendship with a mature, but manipulative girl named Eleanor (Brighid Fleming), and goes to see her one more time before they leave. She manipulates him into thinking Adele and Frank are going to abandon him and he accidentally reveals Frank's past. Adele assures Henry she would never leave him. The morning they are going to leave, Henry takes a note to his father's house and leaves it in his mailbox. While he is walking home, a policeman (James van der Beek) offers to drive him home, and Henry has no choice but to accept. The policeman is suspicious of the packed car and nearly-empty house, but eventually leaves. Adele goes to the bank to get all the money out of her account, and the bankers too are suspicious. While Adele is gone, the neighbor comes over to give Adele some cinnamon rolls, and speaks to Frank. She, too, is suspicious of who he may be. Henry's father finds the note that Henry left, and calls the house wondering what is going on. Before Adele, Frank, and Henry can escape, they hear police sirens headed toward their house. Frank ties Henry and Adele up before he goes out to surrender, so that they won't be charged with harboring a fugitive. The police arrive and arrest Frank. It is not revealed who called the police to report Frank's presence at the house. Years later, adult Henry (Tobey Maguire) has become the owner of a pie shop and is contacted by Frank, who is getting out of jail. Henry tells him that his mother is still single, and Adele meets Frank at the prison upon his release. Adele and Frank in the Autumn years of their life walk in love and Henry takes solace in the fact that he won't have to worry about her being alone.
tt1231287
Comedy,Romance
Thea Clayhill (Lindsay Lohan) is about to lose her position as secretary to a very cranky publisher (Chris Parnell) -- so she lies about being pregnant to save her job, as she saw on an episode of Law and Order that you cannot fire a pregnant woman as a stand agaisnt discrimination. The plan works, and she gets to keep her job. With the help from a friend (Cheryl Hines) -- and a pillow -- Thea fakes the pregnancy while she figures out what to do next. But in the meantime, her boss gets called out of town and his cute brother Nick (Luke Kirby) takes over. Nick launches a new parenting division at the publishing company, and he wants Thea to be the editor. Suddenly she gets a raise and a promotion. Nick and Thea soon begin to become romantically involved. And pretty soon she begins to like her new life a lot to the extent that she begins to believe she is pregnant. However, her little sister soon grows frutstrated with the lie and destroyed her pregnancy pillow, and in haste, Thea grabs a balloon, which pops, and her cover is blown. Soon, Thea learns to get herself together and apologizes on a national talk show to Nick and the company, and Nick fogives her and takes her back, and she gets to keep her job. Two years later, Thea is shown going into labor with her and Nick's child...for real. [D-Man2010] Thea Clayhill (Lindsay Lohan) is about to lose her position as secretary to a very cranky publisher (Chris Parnell) -- so she lies about being pregnant to save her job. The plan works. With the help from a friend (Cheryl Hines) -- and a pillow -- Thea fakes the pregnancy while she figures out what to do next. But in the meantime, her boss gets called out of town and his cute brother Nick (Luke Kirby) takes over. Nick launches a new parenting division at the publishing company, and he wants Thea to be the editor. Suddenly she gets a raise and a promotion. And pretty soon she begins to like her new life -- not to mention Nick -- a lot. But how long can Thea keep up this ruse? And what will happen when everyone learns the truth? [D-Man2010]
tt0491747
Drama
Grant (Pinsent) and Fiona (Christie) are a retired married couple living in rural Brant County, Ontario. Fiona begins to lose her memory, and it becomes apparent she suffers from Alzheimer's disease. Throughout the film, Grant's reflections on his marriage are woven with his reflections on his own infidelities, and influence his eventual decisions regarding Fiona's happiness. When she feels she is becoming a risk to herself, Fiona decides to check into a nursing home, where one of the rules is that a patient can not have any visitors for the first 30 days, in order to "adjust". Wary of this policy, Grant agrees anyway, at the insistence of his wife whom he loves. During the drive to the facility, Fiona acknowledges Grant's past infidelity while he was a university professor. Despite the awkward situation, the couple makes love one last time before separating. When the 30 day period ends, Grant goes to visit his wife again, only to find she has forgotten him, and turned her affections to Aubrey (Murphy), a mute man in a wheelchair who has become her "coping partner" in the facility. While seeing his wife grow closer to Aubrey, Grant becomes an unhappy voyeur when visiting his wife at the nursing home. As time goes by and Fiona still does not remember him, Grant even wonders whether Fiona's dementia is an act meant to punish him for his past indiscretions. After some time, Aubrey's wife removes him from the home due to financial difficulties. This causes Fiona to sink into a deep depression, with her physical wellbeing also appearing to deteriorate. Grant is touched by this, and visits Aubreys wife Marian (Dukakis) in an effort to allow Fiona to see Aubrey again. He would rather see his wife happy with another man than miserable and alone. Marian initially refuses, but the meeting leads to a tentative relationship between her and Grant. As time passes, Grant continues to visit both Fiona and Marian. He eventually moves out of his home and succeeds in taking Aubrey back to visit his wife. But in his "moment alone" before he brings Aubrey into Fiona's room, Fiona temporarily remembers him and the love she has for him. The film closes on their embrace.
tt1235448
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
The film begins with the recording of a documentary as Doctor David Kruipen, a research scientist in the Canadian Arctic. As the scene progresses it jumps back to some time before where Kruipen, his assistant Jane and two other researchers tranquilize a polar bear before discovering the remains of a mammoth. They take the bear back to their research station where David calls his daughter Evelyn and pleads her to come up. Their relationship has become strained as the recent death of her mother was complicated with the fact that David could not make it to the funeral. She tentatively agrees to come up when he offers to give her all the money left to her by her mother. After getting off the line with her, David and Jane are told that the bear has died and they go to investigate. Meanwhile a group of students, Ling, Freddie and Adam are selected to attend Kruipen's research. Days later, the research team is feeling the effects of a strange illness, and Kruipen instructs helicopter pilot Bart to not bring his daughter to the station. However Evelyn's insistence forces him to go against David's orders and take her along with the students to the station. They arrive, but no one is there. Evelyn calls out and reaches Jane who learns that despite warning them away as David had said, he did not tell them not to come. In reaction, Jane shoots and apparently kills Kruipen and another researcher and makes her escape. Meanwhile the students discover the bear dead in the research station, and Bart is bitten while touching it. Adam blames it on fleas. Freddie and Ling make up, and Freddie spots a strange bug disappearing where they are sleeping, he admits to having a phobia of them, and goes to sleep in another room. Evelyn is woken in the middle of the night by an ATV approaching the station, when she goes out to investigate, she discovers Jane in the helicopter and they take her in. As the group discovers, Jane destroyed the flight panel, eliminating their chances of getting out quickly. Ling wakes up with many bug bites covering her face and torso, and Jane asphyxiates on her own vomit, dying in Evelyn's arms. Realizing she's sick, Freddie calls for a helicopter rescue for Ling. Taking the ATV and backtracking, Evelyn and Adam discover the research station, and discover bug eggs in the brain of the mammoth as well as dead bodies. Assuming her father has met the same fate, Evelyn and Adam deduce that something had to make the group sick. They make their way back to investigate Jane's body and decide to quarantine her room. Evelyn decides to cancel the helicopter and quarantine themselves until a better prepared team can come rescue them. Freddie freaks out and destroys the radio in a desperate plea to save Ling, and his own life as he had discovered earlier he too was infected. Bart's arm is getting worse as the bite on his arm has started to display symptoms of the infection. Adam and Evelyn cut off his arm at the elbow and decide they need to destroy the facility and wait it out in the helicopter. Ling is attacked by several bugs who had made their way through the ventilation systems, and Bart discovers that the amputation did nothing as his upper arm now shows signs of infection. He opts to stay behind with Lin and overdose themselves on morphine and fall asleep as the bugs swarm over them. Freddie goes running out, refusing to be checked for infection before destroying the building and then turns on the other two. As he is about to shoot Evelyn, he is shot from behind by Kruipen who insists they destroy the research station. Evelyn finds one of the recorded tapes he had made earlier and discovers that he, Kruipen, intentionally infected himself, readying to set the bugs loose among humanity to teach them a lesson in global warming's effects. Against his methods, Evelyn and Adam are locked in by Kruipen as the rescue helicopter comes in to pick him up. The kids escape and Adam latches onto the skid, subsequently falling to the ground. Evelyn takes a rifle as the helicopter starts flying away and begins shooting at it, killing the copilot and causing it to crash into the building that they had previously covered in gas. Her father and both pilots go up in the explosion. She runs over to find Adam dying, as he had said to her earlier, he wanted to be there when the ball to global warming started rolling. He dies in her arms, and the next day a rescue team comes and finds the destruction and Evelyn. Sometime later, amidst early morning radio hosts talking about Evelyn's reports, a hunter calls his dog to leave a dead bird he had been eating. Before the dog runs to the master, one can see an ulcer on his foot, similar to these of Bart and Ling. It means that the dog had already been infected with the ominous insects. A minute later, the bugs begin to emerge from the bird's body. The final shot is the truck heading to a large city
tt1135525
Comedy
Slammin CLEON SALMON (Michael Clarke Duncan), the former Heavyweight Champion of the world, a mean, hard, crazy, and sometimes infantile bull of a man, owes $20,000 to the head of the Japanese Yakuza and needs to come up with the money tonight. So he challenges the waiters in the restaurant that he owns, The Slammin Salmon, a high end, boxing themed seafood eatery in Miami, to sell more food than theyve ever sold in their lives. Its going to be a contest between the waiters with some prizes and penalties: the top waiter gets $10,000 cash and the lowest waiter gets the tar kicked out of him by Cleon. The contest sets into motion a series of events which complicates the lives of each of the staff members. MIA (April Bowlby) is the sexy, cocky, ballerina who relies on her beauty to sell food until her face gets scalded by boiling soup. Now, her appearance is turning her customers off and sending Mia toward the dreaded last place. GUY (Erik Stolhanske) is the sleazy waiter whose best table is occupied all night by the Lone Diner, a man reading War & Peace and not ordering any food. CONNOR (Steve Lemme) is an actor who quit one year ago to be the star of CFI: HOTLANTA, only to be fired from the show. Now hes back at The Slammin Salmon and finds himself waiting on the entire cast of CFI: Hotlanta. NUTS (Jay Chandrasekhar) is an incredibly subdued, heavily medicated English teacher with both multiple personality and obsessive compulsive disorders, who has forgotten to take his meds and is slowly descending into insanity. TARA (Carla Gallo) is a down to earth med school student who, in the midst of the mayhem, remains the voice of reason, until she gets a 0% tip on her biggest check. RICH (Kevin Heffernan) is the spineless manager who accidentally swallows the engagement ring of a famous celebrity who is about to propose to his girlfriend. DONNIE (Paul Soter) is the brand new busboy whose been thrown into the contest by Rich. Hes two hours behind the other waiters in sales and will do anything to avoid the looming beat down at the hands of Cleon Salmon. As the hours pass, the action becomes more chaotic as Cleon shows up to supervise the contest and changes the rules on a minute to minute basis. Greed and fear push the waiters towards the finish line, and the contest ultimately ends with sabotage, bribery, indecent proposals and, of course, a heavyweight championship caliber pummeling by the Champ!
tt0414951
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Movie opens with a closeup of Dot (Camilla Belle), a deaf/mute high-schooler as her voiceover describes the more people in the room the more invisible she felt. Dot is sitting alone in a crowded cafeteria. At a table across from her, her new god-sister, Nina Deer (Elisha Cuthbert) and Nina's best friend Michelle (Katy Mixon) are loudly discussing Michelle's desire to have sex with a classmate/friend, Connor (Shawn Ashmore), who walks by. Nina notices Dot watching them and angrily snaps at Dot, who turns away, as Michelle playfully chides Nina for having a loser "freak" move into the family. A guidance counselor, Mrs. Feltswatter, asks Dot if she could join her at the table, at which Dot just ups and leaves. She retreats to her favorite hiding spot, a stall in the girl's bathroom, until Nina finds her and angrily pulls her out for the ride home. Back at the expansive, but cold and incompletely decorated, Deer home. Nina's mom and Dot's godmother, Olivia (Edie Falco), is preparing dinner and implores Nina and Michelle to try and accept Dot, who is sitting over at the table in the dining area, into the family. Nina retorts it wasn't her decision to take her in and insults Dot, who is oblivious to the conversation. Olivia reminds Nina that Dot can read lips. We learn that Olivia is an interior designer and Nina's dad and Dot's godfather, Paul (Martin Donovan), is a successful architect. Paul is at a pharmacy picking up prescription painkillers for Olivia when he bumps into Mrs. Feltswatter, the guidance counselor. She expresses concern that Dot is unhappy at school, and Paul informs her that Dot is living with them now and that her father had just died and her mother died ten years ago. Paul arrives home with the painkillers and greets the girls. Nina is finishing up cooking dinner and informs him that Olivia is passed out (sleeping) in the living room. He makes an irritated face and goes to get her. When he leaves, Nina grabs some painkiller pills from the bag and tries to get Dot to take some. She ignores Nina, who calls her an expletive and proceeds to down the painkillers herself. Meanwhile, Paul collects Olivia from the unfinished living room floor and puts her to bed, where he gives her some painkillers. Paul gives her a look while she's downing them and she insists they're for her hip pain. There is obvious tension between the two as she angrily points out that he thinks she's always doped up and doesn't do anything for the family. Back at the dinner table with Dot & Nina, Paul mentions it might be a good idea for them to go to some sign-language courses. Nina blows off the suggestion and says she can't believe Dot is staying, to her Dad's dismay. She then goes out, telling her Dad he should use the time to bond with his "new daughter". Next day at school, Dot gets paired up with Connor during a piglet dissection in science class. She ignores him, while she slashes away at the dead pig. In the cafeteria, Michelle is complaining to Nina and another cheerleader friend, Fiona, about the pairing of Connor and Dot as lab partners. The conversation turns to Nina, where she's goaded for still being a 17-year old virgin when she can have any guy she wants. Michelle makes fun of Dot at the other table, as she converses in sign language with one of the lunch ladies who has a deaf daughter. Dot is walking the school halls when she notices a piano in the empty music room. She enters and begins playing some slow Beethoven, while doing a voiceover about how Beethoven discovered he was going deaf and managed to continue to be inspired. Meanwhile Connor is walking by with his friend Brian and some others and notices Dot playing through the door window and begins to find himself attracted to her. He quickly pulls away when his friends want to see what he's looking at. Dot heads to off to the bathroom to hide out but bumps into Nina who's applying makeup there. Dot reluctantly allows Nina to put some lipstick on her, as Nina says she feels bad that they stopped seeing each other after Dot's mom died and if Dot had had some female influence while growing up she "wouldn't look like a janitor all the time". She leaves and Dot looks in the mirror to see that Nina had purposely smeared the lipstick all around her mouth like a clown. In her bedroom, unable to sleep, Dot pulls out a box that contains her father's ashes. Through her voiceover we discover that her father was deaf and was recently hit by a truck he couldn't hear and killed. This happened while Dot was with him at a restaurant and he went out to run across the street to a bank. She places some of the ashes on her fingers and then tastes them and places some on her face. She moves to the bathroom to wash it off, as she mentions that she may have been able to save him if she was with him. On the way back to her room, she notices Nina's bedroom door has opened a little and she peeks in and sees Nina and her Dad in bed together, and we hear him sweet talking her. Dot heads back to her bedroom, obviously disturbed, but she keeps it to herself. At the dinner table with Nina, Dot, Paul & Olivia, Nina says she's spending the night at Michelle's. Paul says she can't go since it's a school night. She pleads with her Mom, who questions why she can't go which prompts Paul to snap at her for always contradicting him. Nina then rubs his leg under the table with hers and says she finished all her homework. Her Mom says it's up to Paul, who doesn't answer now, so she gets up and leaves to go out when Michelle calls her cell. Paul gets up and has an argument with Olivia in the kitchen about undermining his authority in raising Nina and storms off. Olivia talks to Dot about her mother, who she was friends with in school, and calls her a "big, old, lucky slut" who didn't marry the first guy she went out with, unlike her and Paul. In the living room, Olivia is flipping through a patterns book and Dot hands her a note asking to go to the movies. Olivia says sure, but Paul overhears, and says she's in no condition to drive and he would drive her. In the car, Dot is obviously now uncomfortable being alone with Paul. In the near-empty movie theater Dot takes a spot up in the back row alone. Nina, Michelle, Fiona, Connor and Brian happen to come into the same theater and sit toward the bottom. Connor notices Dot, and asks if they should invite her to sit with them, where it's met with vehement disagreement from the others. Fiona remarks how screwed up it must be to never have heard anything. Nina says Dot was able to hear until around the time her Mom died when she was seven, and how it was probably worse to have lost it than never to have heard in the first place. As the movie begins playing Nina, begins inconspicuously covering her ears to see what it's like to be deaf, but stops when she sees Dot staring down at her. Back at Michelle's, she and Nina are on Michelle's bed watching a scene of two people passionately kissing. Michelle asks Nina how you would know if you were a bad kisser, to which Nina doesn't know the answer to. Michelle suggests the only way would be kiss someone you really trust and ask them how it was. This advance by Michelle goes right by Nina who is engrossed in the movie. Dot still unable to sleep, sees Paul coming down the stairs. She fakes sleeping as Paul enters her room. Thinking she's asleep, he sits on her bed, and as he's stroking her hair, he whispers to her that he's sick and that he thought things might change when she came to live with them. He says, "I hate it here" and leaves. Back to Michelle's bedroom, she asks Nina if there was one place you could go where would it be. She replies Australia because it's really far away. Next day at the cafeteria, Dot is alone at her table again. Connor, Brian, Michelle & Nina are at the table across from her. They are discussing plans where Brian's parents are going away and he'll have a small party, with drinks for all. Michelle suggests Nina can sneak out and snag some drugs from her mom, since she's a "prescriptoholic." Nina is not amused and is not sure she can come, but Michelle goads her, as she sees this as a chance to get to sleep with Connor. Dot is alone at home playing some classical piece on the piano in the main room. Unbeknownst to Dot, Nina comes home, hears the music and is quietly listening to it in the doorway. While playing, a piano wire suddenly snaps and Dot curses out loud, startling Nina who quickly ducks around the corner. Dot begins to try to find the damaged piano key by tuning along with her voice to the keys, with Nina all the while listening to this, now knowing that Dot's deafness is not at all as it seems. She sneaks back to the door, slams it as if she just came in and greets Dot, who has now stopped playing, without letting on about what she just witnessed. At the cafeteria the next day, Nina, goes over to Dot's table, who is as usual alone, and pulls a chair right up next to Dot. While Dot is eating her sandwich and staring straight ahead, supposedly ignoring Nina, Nina talks directly and angrily into her ear how much she hated her, the love\hate relationship with her own Dad with all the lurid details of their incestuous encounters and her plans to kill him in the middle of the night with a gun (supplied by Michelle, who will steal it from her Dad) while Mom is drugged out and Dot "can't hear". We can see that Dot is disturbed by these confessions, but she keeps her reactions in check. Angry that she couldn't goad a response out of Dot, Nina storms off. Dot is back at the school piano again, when she notices Connor watching her through the door. Connor stops her as she tries to leave and tries to set up a date where they can work on the lab report together. She pulls the already completed report out of her bag, gives it to him and leaves to his dismay. While the Deers are at the dinner table, Connor stops by and surprises Nina who was expecting Michelle. He asks if Dot can come to the library to go over the lab report. Meanwhile Michelle arrives for the secret party with a brown bag and gives it to Nina. Dot notices the bag and is visibly affected. Nina notices and rhetorically asks Dot what she's looking at, at which Dot gets up and leaves with Connor. Dot and Connor are at a diner. He starts off with small talk about the lab report, but eventually begins confessing things about himself and his feelings towards Dot, including asking if she's a virgin like him. She does not respond or acknowledge. Meanwhile Nina and Michelle are up in her room, discussing nipples, when Paul comes up and tells her to send Michelle home because it's a school night. Nina tells her she can't come to the party and Michelle leaves angry. Dot sees an ambulance drive by at the diner and rushes home where she finds the bag Michelle brought over sitting on a chair in the dining room. She opens it and finds it not to contain a gun, but instead porn DVD's. She sneaks over to Nina's room where she discovers Nina and her dad about to have sex. She breaks a statue against the wall to break it up. Nina, taken off guard, comes out and helps her clean it up, while Paul emerges and tells her to be more careful around the house. He goes back to his bedroom where he tries to say something to Olivia, but she is faking being asleep. Nina is back in her bed crying, and she thinks her Dad is coming back in so she says she's tired, but it's Dot, who gets into the bed and puts her arm around Nina to comfort her as she goes to sleep. The next morning Dot is still in Nina's room and Nina is ironing her cheerleader outfit, at which point she infers to Dot that midnight tonight will be the night she kills her dad for sure with the iron, burns the face off a teddy bear for effect and throws it to Dot. She is still unaware that Nina knows she is not deaf, and Nina tells her it's a good thing she's deaf because she could be considered an accomplice. At night, outside the school gymnasium where Connor is playing in a basketball game, Dot dials Child Welfare on a pay phone, but decides to hang up when someone answers. She enters the gymnasium and watches the game where Connor is playing so bad he gets benched. Nina, Michele and Fiona are there as part of the cheerleading squad. After the game, Dot stops Connor and pulls him into the empty and darkened school swimming pool building. Connor is talking to Dot by the pool about going on road trips with her and how quiet it would be, but when she's not looking he's confessing about how many times he masturbates and how he's a sex addict, who sucks at basketball. Meanwhile, back in Paul & Olivia's bedroom, she pops some more pills and mentions to Paul that Connor would be a cute guy for Nina. Paul gets mad and tells her to be careful about pushing her into dating and dressing like a slut. She comes out of the master bathroom and disrobes asking Paul if she's getting fat. Paul emphatically ignores her advances and gets into bed to go to sleep. Olivia calls him mean and says she's sleeping on the floor. Paul tells her to get into bed, but she refuses so he picks her up and throws her onto the bed and he goes downstairs. Back at the pool, Connor and Dot have gotten closer and while she's not looking he is confessing to her how he has kissed lots of girls but has never "done it", at which point she sits up, and to Connor's surprise, takes her shirt off, does the same for him, and they begin to kiss. Back at the Deer house Nina comes home alone and encounters her Dad who is eating ice cream in the kitchen. He tells her he has a present for her and gives her an expensive pocketbook after which he makes advances toward her. She stops him, removes her cheerleader dress and tells him she'll be in her bedroom. Back at the school, Connor and Dot are having sex poolside, though she doesn't seem to be enjoying it. When it's over she notices the clock nearing midnight so she rushes back to the house. Back the Deer house, Paul quietly took a candle out of the bedside table and headed back to Nina's room, though we see that Olivia is definitely awake. Nina is ironing her skirt to put it away, while holding off her Dad's advances. She tells him she has a surprise for him and to sit on the bed with his eyes closed. He does so and she walks up to him and is about to ram the hot iron into his face when Dot comes home and slams the front door. Dot listens by the door. Nina chickens out and ends up telling her dad that she's pregnant with his child. He gets upset and asks if she's sure and what's she's going to do about it. Nina gets mad and says she doesn't want a baby with webbed feet running around the house and needs $1000 cash tomorrow to get an abortion. He agrees and leaves. Nina goes to Dot's room, gets into bed with her and confesses that she's wasn't brave enough to do it. At the lunch line in the cafeteria the next day Connor asks Dot to go to the Spring Fling dance with him, via translation from the lunch lady. Dot says no and that she's wrong for him and she needs to be by herself and leaves. Michelle and Nina, who were in the same line witness it and Michelle begins to curse out Dot, when Nina cuts her off and tells her to back off. Back in Dot's room that night, Nina brings her a dress for the dance to try to get her to go and confesses to Dot that she will be taking the $1000 and running off to get started in Connecticut where she can be a stripper and makes lots of money and even become famous like Courtney Love, who was one. She says it was so hard lying about being pregnant that part of her thinks it's true. She puts the lipstick on Dot again, but this time it's perfectly applied and leaves to get ready. In the bathroom, Dot is holding the dress up to herself to see how it looks in the mirror. Nina comes in and Dot begins to wipe off the lipstick and puts down the dress. She's not going. Nina asks Dot to let her in on her secret, but she walks away. Olivia is downstairs in the dark staring at the blank walls. Dot is downstairs playing Moonlight Sonata on the piano. Nina sneaks into her parents bedroom to steal some of her mom's pills and finishes getting ready in the master bedroom. Meanwhile Paul is looking for Nina and notices tampons in her new bag. He grabs the bag and begins badgering Nina in the bedroom about the "pregnancy". He then confronts Nina about the tampons where she at first says they belonged to Michelle and she was holding them for her since she had no bag. He doesn't buy it, throws the $1000 at Nina and calls her a whore. He begins slapping Nina around and then begins to force himself on her. Olivia hears all this and is crying downstairs, but does nothing. Dot hears, stops playing and rips out a piano wire. She heads upstairs, comes up behind Paul and strangles him with it, while screaming for him to leave Nina alone. Nina drops to the body screaming at Dot for killing her Daddy. Olivia comes upstairs in a daze and says it's a miracle that Dot can speak. Michelle and Fiona show up to pick up Nina for the dance and Dot tells Nina that they have to bury the backpack (presumably with their bloody clothes in it). Dot goes to the dance with them, but gets intercepted there by Connor who makes her dance with him. Nina takes the backpack and hides in the bathroom stall with it. Meanwhile, we see Olivia sitting in the bedroom, contemplating, with Paul's bloody body at her feet. Dot leaves Connor abruptly on the dance floor and he follows her out. He calls out for her to wait and when she stops with her back to him, he knows now that she can hear and tells her to turn around. Obviously distressed, he berates her for actually hearing his dirty secrets, calls her a psycho and tells her to shove off, as she tries to apologize to him. She continues on to collect Nina from the bathroom and they run out through the woods to a creek where they bury the backpack. Nina asked why Dot pretended to be deaf all this time and she replied she wanted to be closer to her father and farther from everyone else. They head back home walking through the creek. When they arrive back at the house police are everywhere, and they are leading Nina's mom out in handcuffs. They run up to her and Olivia tells Nina that she did a terrible thing in that she killed her father when he started going crazy, breaking things and saying he hated her, so she took a piano wire and strangled him with it. She tells Nina she never wanted him to hurt her and if she could ever forgive her, as they take her away in the police car. Fade to the piano in the house during the day where Nina is tentatively playing on it. Dot comes up and joins her as the camera pulls away from them. Nina used to think she would not even have a funeral....and now, with her Daddy/tormentor dead, she has a chance at life....
tt0364343
Drama,Sci-Fi,Thriller
In this futuristic tale, Alan Hakman (Robin Williams) witnesses the death of his childhood friend who had fallen off a plank of wood in the abandoned building in which they were playing. Flash to the present, and chips called "Zoe" are inserted into the brain at birth and record a person's entire life; when the person dies, the video is edited and shown at the funeral. Video editor ("cutter") Alan Hakman edits the recordings of people's lives according to the wishes of the subject's family, interviewing the person's family members to get an idea of what to look for in the recordings. Of course, in the case of some unscrupulous people, the bad parts are left out, but the entire recording of a person's life is therefore subject to scrutiny. So, in some cases, Hakman was knowingly burying the bad and highlighting the good. As a result, Alan is turned into a cold megalomaniac, but things change when he stumbles across a subject's memory of his friend, who he thought was dead. In searching for a record of his friend's Zoe chip, he finds none, as only 20% of all people have the implants. What he does find is a record of his own implant, of which he was unaware. He goes about accessing the memory, which shows that Alan's friend was still breathing, and the "blood" Alan thought he remembered stepping in as he was leaving the building turned out to be paint. Meantime, the Zoe chip of his subject is destroyed during a confrontation in his office. Confronted by activists who want his subject's life opened to all, Alan attempts to flee because his memory chip recorded what he saw of the subject's life, but is shot and killed by the activist, who justifies his actions, hence Alan was not killed in vain. Mira Sorvino and James Caviezel also star.
tt0404254
Comedy,Drama,Romance
For those few of you who didn't see the Korean version, My Sassy Girl is the story of a meek guy, Charlie (Bradford), who falls for a crazy girl, Jordan (Cuthbert). Charlie takes Jordan home after finding her passed out drunk on a subway platform, and his role as a reliable friend and caregiver continues long after, even in the event of constant verbal, physical and psychological abuse. First Maq
tt0831884
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Ethan Learner (Joaquin Phoenix), his wife Grace (Jennifer Connelly), their 10-year old son Josh (Sean Curley), and younger daughter Emma (Elle Fanning) are going home after Josh's musical recital. On their way home, Ethan stops at a gas station on Reservation Road so Emma can use the restroom. What was a simple act turns into a tragedy. In a split second Josh is hit by an SUV and killed. Dwight Arno (Mark Ruffalo) is the driver of the SUV and for a split second he stops, because it was an accident, then he panics and drives away. The state police are called, and they begin to investigate the hit and run. As time goes by, both men are living in emotional turmoil and agony over this event. Dwight is a divorced attorney and in constant disagreement with his ex-wife Ruth over their son Lucas. It was while he was bringing Lucas home that he struck Josh. Ruth had called several times because it was late, causing Dwight to speed. Lucas was not wearing his seat belt and hit his head against the dashboard when the impact came. When Ruth sees her son injured, she starts screaming at Dwight that she will have his visitation rights revoked. Lucas admits that he had taken his seat belt off to change the radio station. Dwight wants to turn himself in but as an attorney, also knows he will be sent to prison. He hides his SUV with the damaged right side in his garage. The police have a general description of the vehicle and start checking. When an officer comes to his house, Dwight lies and says he no longer has the SUV because the transmission went out. The Leaner family is barely surviving. When it is obvious that the police have no new leads and seem to lose interest, Ethan takes it on himself to find the driver. He joins an online support group for parents who have lost children to hit and run drivers. He also hires an attorney, which in a bizarre twist turns out to be Dwight. Grace has trouble caring for her family, forgetting to pick up Emma at school and not going grocery shopping. At some point she cleans out Josh's room, calling a charity to pick up his toys. Ethan comes home while the toys are being taken away and is furious. Grace says it is time to move on but Ethan can't understand how she could feel that way. Dwight knows that eventually he will either be caught or he will find the courage to turn himself in. He tries to spend more time with Lucas, knowing that after he is in prison he will never see his son. His nervousness does not go unnoticed at work and his boss chews him out for neglecting his clients, particularly Ethan Learner. Ethan spots an SUV with a damaged right front and takes pictures of the vehicle. The car's owner calls the police, who arrest Ethan for trespassing. The owner provides proof of how his vehicle was damaged and Dwight arranges Ethan's bail. At a school event, Emma plays the piano in honor of her brother. By another strange coincidence, Ruth is her piano teacher. Lucas has a part in a skit. As both families are leaving the auditorium, Ethan catches a glimpse of Dwight in profile, wearing the same baseball hat he was wearing when he hit Josh. Suddenly he knows Dwight is the one. The next day, he and Emma call on Ruth to thank her for being such a good piano teacher. After asking to use the bathroom, Ethan slips into Lucas's room. He finds a picture of Dwight and Lucas standing in front of the SUV, which has a distinctive grill. He steals the picture and buys a gun. Dwight has made up his mind to turn himself in. He prepares a video for Lucas, apologizing for what happened and expressing his love. Ruth agrees to let Lucas spend part of spring break with his father. After Lucas goes to bed, Dwight answers a knock at the door. It is Ethan, holding up the picture and pointing a gun. Dwight begs him not to ruin his life by killing him, as he will go to prison. Just then Lucas gets up to use the bathroom. Ethan allows Dwight to put him back to bed and close the door. Then he forces Dwight to get into the trunk of his car. He drives them to a deserted lake and prepares to shoot Dwight. Dwight begs for his life, sobbing and repeatedly saying how sorry he is. After thinking it over, Ethan throws the gun down and leaves. Dwight tosses the gun into the lake. The last scene is of Lucas watching the video.
tt1071804
Action,Drama,Fantasy
The film begins with a business man in a hurry to get into his car, he appears to be stressed and somewhat distraught. He gets in and starts down the city streets, screaming suddenly at the top of his lungs before a truck running a red light crashes into him. As he falls unconscious, he dreams of playing with his little girl Emma. At first he is stern and hesitant to play with her, but he gives in when she pretends to be taken away by monsters and runs to save her from them. The dream then fades to black. It is revealed that people exist on a plane different from our own. There are warriors called Storytellers, who provide people with their most wonderful dreams with a touch to their foreheads, and there are the Incubi, spirits fashioned from vanity who veil their faces with screens to reflect an artificial eternal happiness, whose shadows provide people adversely with nightmares. But this night a new being, a drifter called Ink appears. And despite the best effort from several Storytellers, he successfully kidnaps Emma from her home, leaving her physical body in a comatose state. However, the drifter's drum was damaged in the fight, and without the code was not able to open the portal to a realm he was intending on leading the girl. Meanwhile, John, a businessman whose life has attained a sense of repetition and perfection, faces turmoil when an account he had been working to acquire is about to be swept out from under his feet, but he is determined to turn the problem around. Ron, his estranged father in law, comes to tell John that Emma is in a coma in the hospital. Despite the visible strain to his conscience he maintains a stern attitude and it is revealed that after his wife's death, her parents took custody of Emma because of John's drug and alcohol abuse due to his grief. He throws Ron out of his office but something dark appears to loom over him as he does. Meanwhile, the three Storytellers who are responsible for Emma, Allel and two of her companions, Gabe and Sarah along with a blind Pathfinder named Jacob, decide to find a way to physically bring Emma out of her coma. A fourth ally, a Storyteller named Liev, attempts to dissuade Ink from delivering the girl to the Incubi in order to become one himself. The code he is required to obtain in order to access their headquarters is held by two other Drifters that he must find and barter with to acquire their parts of the code. After a fight between the two of them, Liev surrenders to Ink to save Emma's life. While enroute, Liev tries to bolster Emma's bravery by telling her that she is turning into a ferocious lioness. After Ink successfully barters with the two Drifters, Liev slowly works into his emotions. She discovers that he does in fact have a conscience and a soul, but due to his violent death by suicide, he arrived in this world hideous and scarred, and desperate to let go of his pain, which, he believes, becoming an Incubus would help him do. However, he resists each attempt to break through. They make their way to the Incubi's stronghold, offering Emma and Liev as his payment to become one of them. Liev tells Emma she has completely transformed into a lioness, and that she has to be ferocious and brave. As Liev stands up to the leader of the Incubi, she is stabbed and mortally wounded. Jacob unveils his abilities to the others, tapping into what he calls the "beat of the world" in order to affect physical changes. Through a chain of events, he causes several small accidents to culminate in a truck running a red light and as in the beginning of the film, crashing into John's car. As a result, they are able to scare off the Incubus who had been whispering dark thoughts into John's subconscious and he is taken to the same hospital where Emma is being held. After he awakens and realizes that she is close by, he overcomes his urge to go to the important sales meeting, remembering the happiness of his life before his wife was killed in a car accident memories that the dark forces on his shoulder kept him from and with Allel protecting him, he heads to Emma's room. Incubi appear and the warriors fight them off to keep them from reaching him again. Meanwhile, Jacob volunteers to go out and activate a device, calling the other Storytellers for reinforcement. John finally makes his way to Emma's room to sit beside her. As the course of the past, present and future are affected by John's return to Emma, Ink suddenly has a realization; memories come flooding back to him of his successful meeting for the account he had been trying to get for his company, if he had been able to make it. Emma dies in the hospital, John drifts out of touch, into a world of loneliness. His depression increases until he commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. He falls into the astral world a broken shell of his former self. Ink hears Liev whisper his name "John" and she dies. As his memories return, Ink rushes at the Incubi attacking them and rescues his daughter, much like the dream at the beginning of the movie. He stands and faces them, killing each one as they approach her, while at the hospital the Storytellers overcome the Incubi. After the fight is done, Emma recognizes Ink as her dad and they embrace. In the hospital, Emma awakens to find her father holding her hand. The pair share a hug while the Storytellers who had defeated the Incubi stand in the doorway, unseen but victorious.
