tt0238112
Drama,Music,Romance
Cage starts as Captain Antonio Corelli, an Italian officer whose company of soldiers is sent to Cephallonia, a beautiful Greek island untouched by war. A free spirit with a passion for music and romance, Corelli is enchanted by Cephallonia and its people -- especially Pelagia (Cruz), the gorgeous, proud daughter of the island's doctor (John Hurt). Engaged to a local fisherman (Christian Bale), Pelagia resists Corelli's attentions, but the kind and charming captain weakens for her defenses. Surrendering their hearts, Corelli and Pelagia begin a heated affair. But before their love can grow, the war crashes on Cephallonia's shores, forcing Corelli and Pelagia to make dangerous sacrifices for country and homeand risk losing each other forever.
tt0233142
Action,Comedy,Crime
The film opens outside of Las Vegas, in the scorching Nevada desert. Michael (Kurt Russell) stops at the Last Resort Hotel and Cafe, where he gets a room. As he is going back to his car, a little kid named Jesse (David Kaye) takes two of the custom skullhead valve caps off of Michael's car. Michael chases him, but Jesse kicks him in the shin. Jesse then runs into the arms of his young mother Cybil (Courteney Cox Arquette), who makes Jesse give back the caps. Michael is immediately attracted to her, and asks her to breakfast. He then has sex with her. Later, a car with four men dressed like Elvis pull up, Murphy (Kevin Costner), Hanson (Christian Slater), Gus (David Arquette), and Franklin (Bokeem Woodbine). Murphy picks up Michael from the motel, and the five of them venture out to an airplane hangar, where they meet yet another con, Jack (Howie Long), a helicopter pilot. Inside the hangar are five suit and guitar cases. Michael goes back to the motel, where he knocks on Cybil's door looking for his missing wallet, which her son took. She reaches into a crawlspace in the ceiling and finds Michael's wallet, and gives it back to him. He is about to leave, but Cybil yet again lures him back into bed. The next day, Michael drives back to Las Vegas. He joins the other four men, who are all dressed up as Elvis. It's International Elvis Week in Las Vegas, so everybody there is dressed as The King. Michael and Murphy's plan is to rob the Riviera Casino in broad daylight, dressed as Elvis, so no one can identify them. As the five are walking towards the money cages in the back, a previous acquaintance of Murphy's recognizes him and greets him. Murphy ends up knocking him out in order to keep his anonymity. As they get closer to the back, Michael breaks off, and gets into an elevator. The rest of them burst into the room, with machine guns, and grab the money. The security cameras watch all of this, and notify the hotel security and Vegas PD. The plan is not to walk out into the streets, but rather get to the roof, and be picked up by Jack in the helicopter. Murphy and the other three are almost at the elevators, where Michael is waiting, but Murphy sets off panic when he blows away a security guard. A huge gunfight occurs within the casino, with the security being mostly cut down to size. Michael opens the elevator door, and sees a security guy with his back to him. Michael is about to shoot him, but knocks him out instead. As the men enter the elevator, a Las Vegas police officer starts shooting into the elevator, hitting Franklin in the chest. Murphy sticks his gun through the crack in the doors and shoots the officer in the head. They make it to the roof, but Jack isn't there yet. They hold off the cops and security on the roof, until Jack arrives. Murphy tries to save Franklin, but Franklin finally dies from his wounds. Murphy then throws Franklin's dead body out of the helicopter. The group now go back to Michael's hotel, where Jesse is hiding and watching everything. Hanson counts the money, which comes out to $3.2 million. The four split up the money. Hanson also decides to split up Franklin's cut, but Murphy refuses, saying Franklin's cut should go to him. Hanson gets upset with Murphy and points his gun at him, but doesn't shoot him. After he puts his gun away and sits back down Murphy shoots Hanson under the table hitting him in the leg, then shoots him again in the chest killing him. Gus, Michael, and Murphy now have to dispose of the body, so Michael hides the money in the crawlspace, and the three drive out to the middle of the desert to bury Hanson. While there, Murphy shoots Gus and Michael as well. Murphy is driving back, in Michael's car, when several coyotes wander out onto the road, causing Murphy to hit one and swerve off the road into a ditch, where he is knocked unconscious. The news spreads about the robbery, making headlines, and sparking the interest of two federal marshals, Quigley (Thomas Haden Church) and Damitry (Kevin Pollak). They learn that Murphy is the mastermind, thanks to the man that Murphy knocked out in the casino. They also learn that Murphy thinks he's the son of Elvis. Michael, left for dead suddenly awakes, and hitchhikes back to his hotel room. He takes two bullets out of his bulletproof vest. He reaches into the crawlspace to get the money, but it's missing. Michael storms into Cybil's place and grabs Jesse. Cybil threatens to call the police, but Michael suddenly finds the money, causing Cybil to hang up. Michael decides to pay Cybil off with $100,000 for silence, but Cybil wants to go with him. Suddenly, the police knock at the door, responding to Cybil's emergency call. The police believe that Cybil dial 911 by accident and Michael leaves the hotel with Cybil and Jesse. The next morning, Murphy drives back to the hotel, but does not find the money. Michael explains to Cybil that the money is marked, but Murphy worked out a deal with a real estate man in Twin Falls, Idaho named J. Peterson (Jon Lovitz), who would exchange the money with them for 70 cents to the dollar, so they're on their way to meet him. However, Murphy is following them. Along the way, he kills almost everyone he meets. Meanwhile, Michael, Cybil and Jesse are eating at a restaurant, but Cybil cleverly sneaks away, and steals Michael's wallet and car. So now, Michael is stuck with Jesse, with no car or money. Jesse, however, is a clever thief, and steals money through pickpocketing and even steals a truck for Michael. Cybil calls J. Peterson and says the password, "Cleanliness is next to godliness." Peterson decides to wait for her, but Murphy suddenly appears, saying the same thing. Peterson explains that Cybil called first, so he must wait for her. Finally, Cybil arrives, and finds only Murphy, who she assumes is Peterson. Then, Michael and Jesse arrive, and find the place empty, except for Peterson's dead body in the bathroom, next to a dead woman. Jesse starts to cry, thinking it's his mother, but it's really Peterson's secretary. Murphy is driving Michael's car, so Michael calls the cops and reports his car stolen. Murphy is then arrested, but Michael is also arrested when it is learned that the truck he is driving is stolen as well. Murphy and Michael are put in neighboring jail cells, where Murphy explains how he thought Michael was dead. Michael asks where the girl is, but Murphy is very obscure about his answer. Suddenly, Michael makes bail, thanks to Jesse, who hired a lawyer, under the agreement that Jesse make him his partner. Michael is set free, however, with his one phone call, Murphy calls Jack and arranges to get out as well. Michael and Jesse get to Michael's car, and opens the trunk, and finds Cybil, tied up but still alive. Murphy is now out, and is hitchhiking. He is picked up by a college football fan, with team attire and face-paint. When they come to a roadblock, Murphy kills the fan, and puts on his clothes. He pretends to be a fan in front of the cops, and they let him go. Murphy sees Cybil and Jesse pass by in a car. He runs them off the road, and grabs Jesse, to hold as collateral so that Cybil will go get Michael and the money. Cybil finally finds Michael and he decides to go find Jesse. Murphy has met back up with Jack, who has enlisted the help of a one-man army by the name of Hamilton (Ice-T). Michael appears with the money, and puts a gun to Jack's head, and offers to exchange for Jesse. Murphy and Michael swap, but it is revealed that the bag with the money is actually filled with newspaper and a scorpion that stings Murphy's arm as he reaches into the bag. Suddenly, a SWAT team, led by Quigley and Damitry, surround the place. Murphy puts his hands up, but quickly grabs a shotgun and shoots Michael. Another huge gunfight ensues, with Jack and Murphy shooting their fair amount of cops. When some cops are about to shoot Murphy, Jack jumps in the way and is shot. As the police are surrounding him, Hamilton appears and shoots many cops. Quigley, however, shoots Hamilton. Murphy is now alone, getting weaker from the scorpion sting and the marshals realize that he's not giving up. Murphy is finally put down, after a barrage of bullets tear into him. Michael is rushed by ambulance to the nearest hospital. However, the ambulance is stolen by Cybil and Jesse. Michael, once again, wore a bulletproof vest, and is only injured in the shoulder. The last scene shows Michael, Cybil, and Jesse on Michael's boat, sailing away. The name on the side of the boat reads Graceland. Implying Michael was the other illegitimate son of Elvis, as 2 of the 75 alleged illegitimates were real.
tt0219854
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Russ Duritz (Bruce Willis) is blunt, demanding, obnoxious and rich; a highly sought out image consultant. He is also a workaholic, single, and doesn't stop to smell the roses. He requires the same kind of commitment from his staff, expecting them to jump to his every whim even at 3.00 in the morning. Into his well ordered life comes his former 8 year old self, Rusty. Rusty is still excited about life and considers his older self a loser because he doesn't have a chick, isn't a pilot and doesn't have a dog named Chester, things that he always said he would have when he grew up. Rusty is chubby and gets picked on at school back in 1960. Trying to make sense of the situation Russ thinks it must be his job to help the younger Russ so encourages him to stop eating rubbish and takes him to a boxer to help him learn to fight his bullies. Russ' co worker Amy takes a great liking to Rusty, seeing in him qualities that are completely missing from his older self. Rusty picks up on the fact that Russ and Amy may have a future and in an effort not to lose out on such a lovely young woman he proposes to her himself. Unfortunately Russ comes along and events once again show him in an unfavourable light. Amy apologises to young Rusty and leaves. Eventually it dawns on Russ that maybe Rusty has been sent here to help Russ. Russ has blocked out his childhood memories so remembers little of his past life. His relationship with his father is not a good one. By spending more quality time with Rusty and encouraging the boy to tell him about his life back home Russ slowly begins to recover his memories. They aren't good. Russ takes the day off work so the two of them can enjoy their birthday together. They go for a drive and whilst listening to Rusty telling him about being bullied by bigger boys and worse about how these boys torment a poor three legged dog Russ remembers everything. They drive through a tunnel and emerge in 1960 complete with vintage car and clothes! Russ warns Rusty that this is not a good day. As a boy he tried to stop the bullies from setting off fire crackers around the dog's neck and got beaten up for his pains. What was worse he didn't even manage to save the dog. It is recess when they arrive at the school and the bullies see Rusty and call for him to join him. Even though he knows what is in store for him he decides to face them. At least Russ will be there this time. After a rough start he gets the better of the main bully and saves the dog. However he is hauled in front of the Principle and his mother is sent for. Russ warns Rusty that it is not over yet. The day is about to get a lot worse. Rusty's mom takes him home and arrives at the same time as his dad. His father is furious to find that his wife who is seriously ill has been to school takes his worry out on little Rusty. He screams and shouts at him and tells him that his mother is going to die and that it's Rusty's fault. Russ goes to him as soon as their dad has gone back in the house and explains that dad was just worried and so said things he shouldn't. Rusty wants to know if it is his fault that his mom is dying. Russ reassures him. He hugs the kid and they weep together. It is the first time that Russ has cried since he was 8. Russ takes Rusty for a ride in their car and they find an old diner which keeps appearing and disappearing throughout the film. Whilst they are eating a dog comes running up to Rusty. His owner shouts for him to come back. He calls him Chester! The two of them race from the diner and onto a private air strip where the dog's owner an old man in a red baseball cap comes to greet them. He is an older version of them, aged about 70. He admits that he has been behind everything. They say goodbye as he walks towards his own plane. There waiting is an old lady who looks as if she might once have been the younger Amy. They are thrilled to see her there and equally thrilled to see Russ Snr fly the plane himself. They both jump for joy on the tarmac, excited to realise that one day they will fulfill their childhood dream of becomming a pilot! Russ looks at the sky again and when he turns back Rusty is gone and he is back in the present. The following day he turns up at Amy's house with a little puppy and she invites him in.
tt0120633
Drama
This synopsis contains no spoilers, in the same way that real life stories reported widely in the news contain no spoilers, only smoking guns. The plot of "A Civil Action" is based on a true story of the successful personal injury "ambulance chaser" [Characters' words] lawyer, otherwise unfulfilled, secretly hoping for that one big case. The case he gets is unexpected and did cost him his livelihood, but apparently (as the entire movies' main action points are transferred between each other by the main characters' own narration) imbued him with a better outlook on what it means to be "successful". The characters names are not changed, also because it is a true story. At the very end of the movie (yes, there is a spoiler one could say) that involves a potential appeal in the Supreme Court - again, true as revealed in the pre-credit roll often seen in true-story films, such as "Erin Brockovich". The "big case" is that recorded 1981 of the People of Mass. vs. W. R. Grace and Beatrice Foods, who had been dumping a cancer-causing industrial solvent into the water table of Woburn, Massachusetts for many years - more than a decade. Beatrice Foods was the parent company of W.R. Grace, a Long Grove, IL. based chemical invention company, known for mixing chemicals experimentally, as was their charge.
tt0434215
Adventure,Drama,Family
Katy is the only daughter of a rancher who hopes to take over the family ranch someday. Her father however hopes that her older brother Howard will take over the running of the ranch. After failing to complete an essay for her high school exam Katy returns home for the holidays to face her father's disapproval. Her redemption comes in the form of a black Mustang filly which Katy encounters after a close call with a mountain lion, Katy sets out to capture this Mustang who she names Flicka in an effort to prove to her father that she is capable of assuming the responsabilities of running the ranch. Katy's father does not approve of her actions however and after Katy deliberately disobeys him by training and riding Flicka behind his back Flicka is sold to the rodeo for use in the wild horse race. Katy succeeds in rescuing her beloved horse with the assistance of her brother by posing as a man and entering the race, she then takes Flicka and rides towards home. Another encounter with the mountain lion on the way back to the ranch results in Flicka being critically injured and Katy becoming seriously ill after being caught in a major storm. Her family find her and take her home while her father returns to put Flicka down due to the seriousness of her injuries. Katy hears a gunshot whilst she is battling the fever and assumes Flicka has been killed. A few days later Katy's fever breaks however she is depressed at her horses death. Katy's father calls her downstairs and into the yard where Katy discovers that Flicka is alive and well, the shot she had heard was aimed at the mountain lion. The film ends with Katy and Flicka riding together through the Wyoming mountains.
tt0117603
Action,Crime,Drama
Lida 'Stony' Newsom, Cleopatra 'Cleo' Sims, Francesca 'Frankie' Sutton and Tisean 'T.T.' Williams are four female inner city Southern Californian childhood friends. Now adults, "Set It Off" focuses on life's series of unfortunate events and taking vengeance on life with an Uzi in hand. They embark on a series of robberies in the Southern California banking district to fund their escape from a life surrounded by tragedy, poverty and despair. That triggers an over diligent Detective Strode and his female partner, Detective Waller, on a hunt for the "armed and dangerous" women. That triggers another series of unfortunate that corners Lida 'Stony' Newsom into choosing between her new found love interest and friends.
tt0160009
Action,Adventure,Crime
Neil Shaw (Snipes)is an operative for the United Nations's covert dirty-tricks squad, using espionage and quasi-ethical tactics to secure peace and cooperation. In Hong Kong, Shaw infiltrates a Chinese New Year party held by Chinese business mogul David Chan (Tagawa) and covertly hacks an office laptop of a North Korean Defense Minister, and blackmails him with the misappropriation of U.N. aid money, in exchange for continuing negotiations with South Korea. Shortly after being discovered, Shaw fights his way out of the party, and suffers a gunshot wound to his shoulder during extraction. Six months later, a shipping container full of dead Vietnamese refugees from Hong Kong turns up on the New York docks on the week as the China's trade agreement with the U.S. Shaw's boss, Eleanor Hooks (Archer) suspects Chinese ambassador Wu's (Hong) connection with the Chinese Triad, and assigns Shaw to plant a bug on Wu during a banquet held by Chan. During the trade agreement banquet, Wu is gunned down, Chan is shot in the arm, and Shaw pursues a masked gunman. During the pursuit, Shaw's teammate Robert Bly (Biehn) supposedly corners the gunman, but perishes, and Shaw is arrested by the NYPD. In the middle of a prison transfer, FBI agent Frank Capella's (Chaykin) van is disabled by a roadside bomb, and an unconscious Shaw is captured by Triad members to be framed of the murder and disposed of. Shaw regains consciousness and frees himself from captivity, only to find his last remaining team member, Jenna Novak (Liliana Komorowska) murdered by a Chinese hitman. Shaw kills the hitman, recovers the audio file, and secures weapons and equipment from Novak's hidden armory. Shaw seeks out Julia Fang's (Matiko) help after reading a news article stating Shaw's innocence. Shaw manages to save Fang from an ambush by a Chinese hitwoman at a hospital. With Fang's aid, Shaw finds a Triad-owned bakery serving as a front for a Gentleman's club, setting up an unlikely alliance with Capella, as well as retrieving video footage of Chan's role in derailing the trade agreement. Fang delivers the evidence to Hooks while Shaw confronts Chan at the same hotel serving as the banquet. Chan is shot dead by a masked gunman while being interrogated by Shaw. The pursuit ends when Shaw finds a scanner that is tuned to a tracking device embedded in Shaw's gunshot wound before being ambushed by Bly. Bly reveals himself as the assassin at the banquet, and also engineered the tracking device implant from an earlier basketball game injury. Hooks reviews the evidence, and reveals that she and Chan were the masterminds behind the conspiracy. A disgusted Fang tries to leave, but attempts to hide from Bly only to be locked in a bathroom. Shaw eventually figures out Hooks's role behind the conspiracy and approaches Capella with his findings. Shaw uses Capella's business card to surgically remove his tracking device, and gives the Triads a business proposition. Shaw breaks into the U.N. building, and enters into a shootout and hand-to-hand fight with Bly, where the latter dies after falling on a glass shard from a broken glass pane. The following day, Shaw calls Hooks in her limousine and lectures her on a lesson in karma, revealing that Shaw's business proposition to the Triads was to assassinate Hooks for her betrayal. Shaw later has his death faked before reuniting with Fang in France, but is monitored by an unknown spy.
tt0338188
Adventure,Thriller,Western
Set in 1885 in New Mexico, an estranged father shows up at his daughter's ranch and it's made clear he isn't welcome back into her life. He abandoned his family years ago to "go injun." His older granddaughter is kidnapped by a band of assorted thugs of different ethnicities who are taking her to Mexico to sell her into prositution. So dad, daughter and younger granddaughter take off to track down the thugs and get the daughter back. ------------------------------ `The Missing' is set in New Mexico in 1885. Tommy Lee Jones stars as the estranged father of prairie doctor Maggie Gilkeson (Cate Blanchett), a young woman with two daughters trying to make a living in this isolated wilderness. Tommy Lee Jones had abandoned his family some 20-years earlier to live with the Indians. After a rattlesnake bite, the medicine man tells him that he must reunite with his family to save his life. Maggie hates her father and throws him out of the house. After he leaves, her oldest daughter Lilly (Evan Rachel Wood) is kidnapped by a band of renegade Indians, who have already kidnapped several other girls to sell in Mexico. Maggie goes to town and tells the sheriff, but he cannot help, so she is forced to enlist the help of her father to track down the kidnappers. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0271367
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In the quiet mining town of Prosperity, Arizona, an accident involving a rabbit causes a barrel of toxic waste to land in a reservoir. An exotic spider farmer named Joshua (Tom Noonan) has been making regular visits to the site, where he collects crickets for his spiders. Although the spiders have ingested the toxins, he is oblivious since the arachnids seem unaffected. Joshua shows Mike (Scott Terra), a local boy, his collection, which include Jumping spiders, Trapdoor spiders, Tarantulas, and orb-weavers, including a female orb-weaver named Consuela. After Mike leaves, Joshua is bitten by an escaped tarantula and accidentally knocks down the spider cages. He is killed by the spiders and, after devouring him, the spiders grow to even huger proportions. On his way home, Mike is accosted by his mother, Sheriff Samantha 'Sam' Parker (Kari Wührer) and Deputy Pete pulling the toxic barrel out of the pond. Wade, the Mayor of Prosperity, is holding a town meeting in the mall about whether they should sell the mines and relocate. Chris McCormick (David Arquette), whose father owned the mines before he died ten years ago, shows up and stands against Wade's proposition. Chris also sparks a romance with Sam. Meanwhile, Harlan Griffiths (Doug E. Doug), the local radio DJ and an eccentric extraterrestrial enthusiast, is broadcasting his theory that various missing pets around town have been abducted by extraterrestrials. Inevitably his theory is dismissed as the product of a deranged imagination. Mike sneaks out on foot to find Joshua but finds the spiders missing, the farm covered in webbing, and the dead body of Joshua. Although he sees an enormous spider shadow in the mines and tells Chris that the spiders have grown to enormous sizes, based on a giant spider leg he found at the mine entrance, Chris disbelieves his story. Meanwhile, the mines have reopened with the miners searching for a famous gold lode. One miner is eaten by a gigantic spider, whose clan have made the mines their home. Seeing as the entire town is connected in some way to the mines, spiders show up in many different places. Deputy Pete Williams (Rick Overton) cat has a fight with one of the spiders in the air vents before being eaten, and some of the ostriches on Wade's farm are devoured by Trap Door Spiders, Ashley breaks up with her boyfriend Bret, and he and his motorcyclist friends are chased by jumping spiders, with him being the only survivor, accidentally cutting off the telephone line and being stuck in the mine. Chris finds out that his Aunt Gladys and her dog are abducted by a male orb weaver in their basement. Sam is convinced Chris and Mike are delusional. However, her skepticism fades and she realizes that Chris and Mike were right all along when she witnesses a giant male orb-weaver attempting to abduct Ashley (Scarlett Johansson), Sam's rebellious teenage daughter and Chris; Sam saves them both. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, gets a good peek at the giant Consuela during her feeding. Sam contacts Pete and tells him to bring all guns in the police station's possession and they escape to Harlan's trailer, knowing he has a radio station that he operates from within his trailer. As Sam broadcasts the threat over the radio, a giant tarantula, the "tank" of the horde, assaults the trailer but they manage to escape. As the town is besieged by vicious spider hordes, many people are killed and eaten, Chris tries to convince Harlan that the spiders are "from Earth" but ends up convincing him that they are "Spiders from Mars" to make him happy, Sam tells everybody to evacuate to the mall. Chris, Sam, Mike, Ashley, Harlan, Wade and many other townspeople all escape and barricade themselves in the mall (but the cowardly Wade flees into the mines and locks the gate before the attack) and defend themselves from the spiders. Meanwhile, Harlan and Chris climb onto the roof and ascend the radio mast and try to get a signal to call the US army as they are being attacked by the spiders, but are believed to be pranksters. Harlan jumps from the roof, after the tarantula breaks open the gates and lets the spiders enter the mall, and lands in some bushes, where he meets up with Pete. The two run from spiders as Chris meets up with the remaining townsfolk and goes down to the basement. Meanwhile, Bret, still wandering the mines, encounters the cowardly Wade before his abduction. While the townsfolk are in the basement, Bret arrives on a forklift that brings down the locked gate, and they all head to through the mines straight to the front entrance, discovering the methane-filled tunnels. After losing Norman and freeing Wade, Chris goes to look for his Aunt Gladys in the mines and finds her - and the gold his father was searching for, but is confronted by the gigantic Consuela. He uses perfume to distract the spider and then escapes using Bret's motorcycle. Chris then blows up the spiders and the mines utilizing Gladys's smoking addiction and the high concentrations of methane gas. The police finally arrive. They had not believed the reports of the spiders but believed Harlarn's theory that the assailants were extraterrestrial in nature, until Pete tells them that the assailants were "just spiders, that had ingested extremely high levels of toxic waste." He attempts to prove this by removing his hat, showing us that he is bald. He runs his hand back and forth over his head saying; "All new growth, just look at this, all new growth!" In the final scene, Harlan is heard making a radio report about the spiders. He concludes that the town has decided to cover up the whole incident, but have let Harlan continue broadcasting the incident, knowing nobody will believe him. He also mentions Chris reopening the gold mines and putting everyone back to work, but tells us "that is another story altogether." As the camera zooms in close on his mouth, it is clear that he now has three gold teeth.
tt0376105
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
A baby zebra (voice of Frankie Muniz) is accidentally left behind by a traveling circus and is found by a thoroughbred horse trainer, Nolan Walsh (Bruce Greenwood). Nolan takes the zebra home, and his teenage daughter Channing (Hayden Panettiere) wants to keep him as a pet. She names the baby zebra Stripes. The farm is located near the racetrack and the zebra grows up believing that he is a racehorse. Stripes has a dream of racing the other horses at the track, and to get into shape, Stripes races the mailman in his truck. All the farm animals help Stripes and Channing achieve their racing dream. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0119080
Drama
Summer heats up in rural Louisiana beside Eve's Bayou as the Batiste family tries to survive the secrets they've kept and the betrayals they've endured. Louis Batiste (Samuel L. Jackson), the local town doctor with a special bedside manner, is a loving father and philandering husband. His wife Roz (Lynn Whitfield) is forced to admit her family is falling apart when her younger daughter, Eve (Jurnee Smollett), witnesses one of her father's infidelities. Struggling to make sense of what she has seen, Eve turns to her older sister Cisely, who dismisses her in fear of the truth, and then to her Aunt Mozelle (Debbi Morgan), a known psychic and rumored black widow. Unable to find the the understanding she is looking for, Eve decides to take matters into her own hands. As the heat rises so does the tension. For the Batiste family, the ties that bind may not be strong enough to keep them together, and what they learn will change their lives forever.
tt0393735
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Dr. Kozak (Robert Downey Jr.) kidnaps a 300-year old Tibetan sheepdog in an attempt to discover the dog's secret of longevity and produce a fountain of youth drug. Unfortunately, all he has produced are animal mutations such as a king cobra-canine with a tail, a dog-frog that barks, and other mutations that are part dog. The sheepdog escapes the lab and is rescued by Carly Douglas (Zena Grey), who takes him home. Deputy District Attorney Dave Douglas (Tim Allen) is prosecuting Carly's teacher for the firebombing of Dr. Kozak's lab. Dave hates dogs, and after he is bitten by the sheepdog, the dog is sent to the pound. The dog has injected Dave with some of his DNA cells, and Dave begins to have canine urges and eventually, becomes a sheepdog. Dave learns the truth about his family and the drug company as a dog. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0266489
Comedy
Alex Rose (Ben Stiller) and Nancy Kendricks (Drew Barrymore) are a young, professional, married New York couple in search of their dream home. When they finally find the perfect Brooklyn brownstone, they are giddy with anticipation. The duplex is a dream come true, complete with multiple fireplaces, except for one thing: Mrs. Connelly (Eileen Essell), the old lady who lives on the rent-controlled top floor. Assuming she is elderly and ill, they take the apartment. However, they soon realize that Mrs. Connelly is in fact an energetic senior who enjoys watching her television at top volume day and night and rehearsing in a brass band. As a writer, Alex is attempting to finish his novel against a looming deadline. However, he is interrupted daily by Mrs. Connelly's numerous demands and requests, and what begins as a nuisance quickly escalates into an all-out war. Alex and Nancy try to get Mrs. Connelly to move out, but she refuses. Next, they try to file a noise complaint against her, but discover that she has already gone to the police first and filed a harassing complaint against them. Mrs. Connelly soon turns all of Alex and Nancy's friends against them by play-acting as the "poor, innocent, old lady" and makes it appear that the young couple are out to harm her. When Nancy loses her job and Alex misses his deadline (all because of the old lady's antics) the pair are trapped at home together with Mrs. Connelly with no place to go. Their rage turns to homicidal fantasy as they plot ways to get rid of their manipulative, no-good neighbor. After peace overtures and a break-in lead to nothing, Alex and Nancy decide to hire a hitman, named Chick (James Remar), to kill her. However, his asking price for doing the hit is $25,000. Unable to initially come up with the money, Alex approaches his friend and fellow writer, Coop, to ask for a loan, but is rudely rebuffed. Desperate and needing the money in two days, they sell almost every possession they own to pay Chick who will do the hit on Christmas Eve. Chick does break into Mrs. Connelly's apartment as planned, but fails to kill her when she defends herself with her speargun by shooting him in the shoulder, forcing him to flee, and the couple in fact have to rescue the old woman when the struggle results in a fire in her apartment. Accepting defeat, Alex and Nancy decide to evict themselves, but find out that the old woman has died right when they leave. Alex and Nancy, now with no jobs, friends, or money left, move away where they contemplate their strange encounters. But here the audience learns in a climatic plot twist that the realtor of the duplex, Kenneth (Harvey Fierstein) (revealed to be Mrs. Connelly's son) and the ill-tempered NYPD Officer Dan (Robert Wisdom) (Kenneth's gay lover) who had frequently harassed and distrusted the couple and always sided with Mrs. Connelly in her arguments with Alex and Nancy, and Mrs. Connelly herself (who is not in fact dead) have been doing this to others. This wicked and unethical trio have been running a mean-spirited, real-estate scam for several years: Kenneth sells the ground floor apartment only to good-natured young couples, then Mrs. Connelly, aided by the corrupt Officer Dan, harasses and destroys the young couple's lives, eventually forcing them to move out, and then faking Mrs. Connelly's own death so that the couple will never return and leaving Mrs. Connelly, Kenneth and Dan to collect and live off of the sales commission from the next occupants that buy the ground floor apartment. Alex and Nancy were Mrs. Connelly and her son's latest victims among so many. At the conclusion, it is revealed in a voice-over by Alex that he and Nancy relocated to the Bronx. Like all of the other couples that the trio scammed, they never saw Mrs. Connelly or returned to Brooklyn again, nor did they ever find out about the scam they were the victims of. While Mrs. Connelly, Kenneth and Officer Dan continue their scam by targeting the next friendly young couple that moves into the ground-floor apartment right after Alex and Nancy move out, Alex used his unpleasant experience of living there as inspiration for writing his next book, titled "Duplex", which became a best-selling novel, saving Alex and Nancy from their life of poverty, and giving the film a semi-happy ending.
tt0118636
Crime,Drama,Thriller
In southern California in 1984, 16-year-old high school student Todd Bowden (Brad Renfro) discovers that his elderly neighbor, Arthur Denker (Ian McKellen), is really Kurt Dussander a former Nazi Obersturmbannführer who is now a fugitive war criminal. Though Bowden threatens to turn Dussander in, the teenager reveals his fascination with Nazi activities during World War II and blackmails the war criminal into sharing stories about the death camps. When he spends more time with the old man, his grades suffer, he loses interest in his girlfriend (Heather McComb), and he conceals his bad grades from his parents. In turn, the Nazi blackmails the young boy into studying to restore his grades, threatening to expose the boy's subterfuge and his dalliance with Nazism to his parents. Dussander even poses as Todd's grandfather and goes to an appointment with Bowden's school counselor Edward French (Ed Schwimmer). Talking about the war crimes affects both the old man and the young boy, and Dussander begins killing animals in his gas oven. Dussander also takes great pride in Bowden's unbelievable turnaround, going from near dropout to straight A's in a matter of weeks. One night, Dussander tries to kill a hobo who sees him in the uniform. When Dussander has a heart attack, he calls Bowden, who finishes the job, cleans up, and calls an ambulance for Dussander. At the hospital, Dussander is recognized by a death camp survivor sharing his room, and he is arrested to be extradited to Israel. Bowden graduates as his school's valedictorian and gives a speech about Icarus, saying, "All great achievements arose from dissatisfaction. It is the desire to do better, to dig deeper, that propels civilization to greatness." The scene is juxtaposed in a montage with Dussander's home being searched and the hobo's corpse being found in the basement. Bowden is briefly questioned about his relationship with Dussander, but he manages to convince the police that he knew nothing of the old man's true identity. At the hospital, Dussander hears a group of Neo-Nazis outside the hospital; realizing his identity has been hopelessly compromised, he commits suicide by giving himself an air embolism. In the final scene, Mr. French learns that the old man who met him on that day was not Bowden's grandfather but a war criminal and confronts him over it. Bowden blackmails French into silence by threatening to accuse him of making inappropriate sexual advances towards him. As Dussander lays dead in his hospital bed, Todd Bowden graduates from high school now a full-blossomed sociopath due to his dalliance with Kurt Dussander.
tt0288045
Action,Comedy,Fantasy
Jackie Chan stars in this kung fu action comedy as Eddie Yang, a Hong Kong detective who is transformed into an immortal warrior with amazing speed and strength by an ancient medallion that hangs around the neck of a little boy, Jai (Alex Bao), who is the chosen one. The medallion is in two pieces and is brought together every 1,000 years by the chosen one. For anyone to receive the superhuman powers and immortality, an individual must die and be brought back to life by the touch of the medallion while in the hands of the chosen one. Eddie is working with Interpol to catch an international criminal, Snakehead (Julian Sands) who has been spotted at a temple in Hong Kong. Eddie must choose between saving the little boy from a fire in the temple or capturing Snakehead, of course, Snakehead escapes and flees the country. Since Eddie is the only one who saw his face, he must go to Ireland to help Interpol track him down. In Ireland, Eddie is reunited with his old flame Nicole James (Claire Forlani), who is very upset with Eddie for not calling her for months. While working on this case, Eddie and the little boy are locked in a shipping container, which is pushed overboard into the harbor. Eddie dies by drowning, but he was able to save the little boy who brings him back to life with all the powers of the medallion. You think Jackie Chan's martial arts are incredible at regular speed; he is fantastic with these new powers. Snakehead has discovered the powers of the medallion and has kidnapped the little boy to get the powers for himself. Eddie and Snakehead meet for a final battle to determine who will control the power and the fate of the world. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0264150
Comedy,Romance
Donna Jensen (Gwyneth Paltrow) is a girl from the small town of Silver Springs, Nevada who wishes to see the world and "find herself" in order to get away from her very unhappy home life. Donna grew up in a rural trailer park outside Las Vegas, the only child of a former Las Vegas showgirl, a co-dependent widow and alcoholic, who also lives with an abusive, alcoholic unemployed man. At age 10 during a birthday party thrown by her mother, Donna makes a birthday wish to leave Silver Springs forever. After graduating from high school, Donna tries to make ends meet by working as a clerk in a local bargain basement department store, while she deals with her long-term high school boyfriend Tommy (Marc Blucas), whom manages the store. But on Donna's 20th birthday, Tommy breaks up with her via a birthday card after revealing that he has gotten a promotion and a move to Tucson, Arizona but does not want Donna to tag along because he considers her "a small town girl". One day, while drinking alone at a bar, Donna sees on the bar TV set an interview by writer Sally Weston (Candice Bergen) who talks about her reciently published autobiography about Sally's life as a flight attendant which is titled 'My Life in the Sky'. After buying a copy and reading the book, Donna decides to follow her destiny by becoming a flight attendant. Donna leaves Silver Springs, never looking back or saying goodbye to her mother or anyone else she knows. Donna's first position is at a small, seedy California commuter airline, called Sierra Airlines, that flies only from Sacramento to Fresno, but this success builds her confidence up over the next year. Donna is encouraged to attend open interviews for Royalty Airlines in Los Angeles. She convinces her two co-workers, veteran stewardess Sherry (Kelly Preston) and crafty intern Christine (Christina Applegate), to join her. While Christine and Donna get in, Sherry does not and is forced to go back to Sierra. Over the next few months, Donna puts her heart and soul into the training camp. Donna meets the flaky and cross-eyed manager of the training school, John Whitney (Mike Meyers). Donna also meets and has the hots for pilot instructor Ted Steward (Mark Ruffalo) whom gives her inspiration and they begin a quiet romance off on the sides. During the training, Donna proves to be a natural, brushing aside most of the other classmates in training. One evening, Whitney brings his class to Sally Weston's house where Donna finally meets her idol face-to-face for the first time. After seeing around Sally's house of her flight attendant career, Donna is determined to be assigned to the top route: "the New York to Paris, First Class, International". Alas, when the assignments are posted to the graduating class, Donna is shocked to discover that she has been assigned to a commuter route in Cleveland, Ohio. Christine, who had initially struggled with the material and procedures, has inexplicably been assigned the high-priority New York route. Distraught, Donna never the less settles with her new job and begins a casual romance with Ted who frequently meets with her during his stopovers in Cleveland. Ted is a friendly nice guy, who at one time, introduces his family to Donna whom live in Cleveland (which is touching to Donna who never had any warm or friendly family to begin with). However, Donna however wishes to someday move onto bigger and better things. A few months later, by chance, Donna runs into Christine in Cleveland and invites her to stay at her apartment instead of a staying in local motel during Christine's stopover, where Donna introduces her to Ted and talks about her current status. But during the visit, Donna knows from previous experience (after catching Christine stealing bars of soap from Sally Weston's house during their visit) that the kleptomanic Christine has stolen things from people's homes and the airlines, but is still shocked when Christine empties her handbag to reveal all manner of Royalty Air items. Even the smallest theft is strictly prohibited by Royalty Airlines, and could mean termination. Still sure there was some sort of error in her route assignment, Donna turns to Sally Weston for help. Sally looks through the final written exam that Donna took which was below passing, and Donna recognizes the handwriting on the test paper as Christine's. Through a course of events, Donna discovers that Christine had switched their test booklets when they were being handed up to their trainer, John Whitney; Christine's route assignment is rightfully Donna's, and vice versa. When Sally asks to have airline security spy on Christine's flight - to see if she stole any property (a code blue) - Christine gets caught and soon after gets fired by the airline. Donna gets the chance to re-take her exam and achieves a perfect 100% score, assigning her the New York, First Class, International route that she finally wanted. However, following her "destiny" means deciding between a boyfriend and her career. Over the next year-and-a-half, Donna spends less and less time with Ted and more with her new promotion. When Ted confronts Donna that she is spending more time overseas then with him and his family, he forces her to choose one or the other. Donna chooses her career. Though she gets all that she wants - Paris, first class, etc. - Donna realizes that she is still not happy. At Christmas time, she takes over a co-worker's shift to Paris in order to let her spend time with her family. Donna spends Christmas Eve in Paris... alone. She misses her boyfriend in Cleveland terribly. After returning to New York on the day after Christmas, Donna meets with Sally Weston to talk about her problem. After Sally's encouragement, Donna returns to Cleveland to meet Ted. She does, and after a heartfelt speech to his deaf grandmother, which Ted overhears, the two kiss and make up. The movie ends with Donna wishing her passengers well as they land in Cleveland. She has become a Royalty Airlines pilot to be close to Ted... even though there was nothing in her life to suggest that she was at all interested in flying planes.
tt0237572
Crime,Drama,Mystery
***DEFINITE SPOILERS*** This is a movie concerning a retiring detective Jerry Black (Jack Nicholson) who, at his retirement party, is involved in the investigation of a brutal rape and murder of a young child that has only just been discovered. When the duty falls to him because the local police apparently refuse it, he tells the parents of the child's death. The distraught mother exacts a pledge that he will find the murderer "upon his soul's salvation". Meanwhile, the police arrest a retarded Native American trapper who had been seen at the scene of the crime and who has a previous rape history. The overzealous officer in charge uses unorthodox tactics to extract a confused confession. The Native American, confused and feeling horribly guilty, kills himself. Case Closed, right? Not for Black. Black determinedly investigates the murder and interviews the victim's best friend who tells him that the victim had a friend, a "Giant" called the "Wizard", who was giving her little porcupines. The victim had drawn a picture of herself with the Giant and his vehicle which Black steals to use to broaden his growing dossier. Black's investigation uncovers two other cases involving victims with strikingly similar descriptions which have remained unsolved. One of the similar murders happened while the Native American suspect was in jail. He fails to convince his fellow officers that they should keep the case open and although retired, must keep his promise and find out who murdered the victim in this case. He buys a store-gas station in the region in which the murders occurred. He makes the acquaintance of a local waitress-bartender Lori (Robin Wright Penn) who just so happens to have a young daughter fitting the profile of all the victims. Lori is also a victim, of domestic abuse, and leaves her husband one rainy night after having been badly beaten and seeks assistance from Black. Black invites her and her daughter to stay with him temporarily, "no strings attached" but they eventually move in with him and the story kicks into high gear. The rest of the movie is cut with glimpses of scenes of possible perpetrators and potential clues. Finally, the little girl offhandedly mentions to Black that she met a man called "The Wizard" who has invited her to meet him at the picnic grounds the following day. The little girl shows Black small chocolate porcupines "The Wizard" had given her. Black sets up a stakeout at the picnic grounds with his ex fellow officers. After waiting what they feel is too long, the officers finally tire of the stakeout and leave, but Black is told they intend to tell Lori what is going on. Lori races to the picnic ground, hysterically confronts Black with accusations and questions he doesn't appear to understand, then takes her daughter and leaves. On the way back to the station, the police officers see a burning wreck with a dead driver. Hanging from the rear view mirror is a tiny porcupine. The movie closes with Black drinking from a pint bottle in front of his closed and quite possibly abandoned store, muttering to himself.
tt0304711
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger) is a member of an arcane order of priests known as Carolingians. When the head of the Order dies, Alex is sent to Rome by a priest named Driscoll (Peter Weller) to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding the death. The body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a Sin Eater (Benno Fürmann). Alex begins to research this being and discovers that he is an entity existing outside the confines of time (the current sin-eater was born during the Renaissance) who offers absolution, last rites and therefore a path to Heaven outside the jurisdiction of the Church for those the church deems unqualified for the traditional last rites. Alex enlists the aid of his old comrade Father Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) and of a troubled artist (Shannyn Sossamon) upon whom he once performed an exorcism. Thomas seeks the counsel of a mysterious hooded figure, apparently the head of some pagan cult existing, literally, in the Roman underworld. They are told how to find the "other" (the sin-eater), who eventually contacts Alex at St. Peter's Cathedral. William Eden (Benno Fürmann), the sin-eater, introduces Alex to his world, explains how he became the sin-eater, demonstrates the rite for him, all in hopes that Alex will take his place and become the next sin-eater. Alex, meanwhile, realizes that his love for Mara can no longer be denied. He leaves the priesthood for her, and rejects Eden's offer. Not to be denied, Eden murders Mara, removing the only obstacle to Alex assuming the role. Alex, knowing the Mara was murdered by Eden, but acting on incomplete information found on an ancient parchment, decides to kill Eden to rid the world of the sin-eater, but in doing so completes the ritual to become the sin-eater. The movie ends with Alex answering the call of Driscoll. Revealed to be the head of the pagan cult and disgraced at the Vatican, Driscoll decides to commit suicide and calls for the sin-eater to provide absolution. He is surprised when it is Alex and not Eden who arrives, but is further surprised when at the climax of the sin-eating ritual Alex forces Driscoll to consume his own sin, sending him to eternal damnation. The movie concludes as Alex narrates, telling the audience that he walks the earth as the sin-eater, giving absolution to those that deserve it, and denying it to those he deems unworthy.
tt0338325
Action,Crime,Drama
Bo Laramie (Cole Hauser) is a rising movie star who has finally achieved major success with his latest film. Persistent photographers Rex Harper (Tom Sizemore) Wendell Stokes (Daniel Baldwin), Leonard Clark (Tom Hollander), and Kevin Rosner (Kevin Gage), harass Bo and his family, which includes his wife Abby (Robin Tunney), and their 8-year-old son Zach (Blake Bryan). The day after the big premiere of Bo's new movie, Bo takes Zach to soccer practice, where hes immediately troubled by the sight of Rex, snapping pictures of Zach on the field. Bo initially takes the high road, politely asking Rex to back off. Though Rex pretends to back off, he soon returns and gets punched by Bo, who is then sued for $500,000. Rex then vows to destroy Bo's life. Later, while Bo, Abby, and Zach are out in their car, Rex and his crew drive up beside them, in four different vehicles, and start taking pictures. Distracted, Bo is forced to stop at an intersection, and their car is rammed by a pickup truck. Rex and his crew rush out of their vehicles to snap photos of the wreck that they caused. While Bo is not seriously injured, Abby's spleen is removed and Zach is in a coma. Bo talks to LAPD detective Burton (Dennis Farina). Burton says that Rex, Wendell, Leonard, and Kevin each gave him the same story, that they drove up on the wreck some time after it happened. Burton says that until he gets any witnesses, that's all he has to go on. The next day, Bo accidentally causes Kevin to wipe out on his motorcycle, careening onto a precipice. Bo tries to save Kevin, but Kevin says "You think we were up your ass before? I'm gonna own you now, slick." Bo, flashing back to the wreck, lets Kevin fall to his death. Det. Burton learns that Leonard used to be an attorney until he got himself disbarred for distribution of narcotics. Leonard is still on probation for possession of illegal firearms. When Leonard was an attorney, he had once gotten Rex out of an attempted rape charge. Bo is also not the first actor who ever punched Rex before one of the Baldwin brothers did. After Baldwin punched Rex, Rex sued him, and then moved into a boat on a local marina. Bo next goes after Leonard. After calling 911, Bo describes Leonard's car, and says that the driver is waving a gun all over the place. Leonard is pulled over and finds a gun that he didn't know was in his coat pocket. When Leonard pulls it out, the cops shoot him dead. Rex and Wendell are convinced that Bo will target them next. So, they plant tiny cameras in Bo's house. Abby runs into Wendell who threatens to kill her son if she tells the cops. Soon after that, Deputy Walker (Forry Smith) and Deputy Wilson (Donal Gibson) come by. Burton sent them to provide extra security. Rex is furious that Wendell attacked Abby, because that gives Bo even more reason to go after them. Bo sneaks out past the two deputies and makes his way into Wendell's house. Bo is infuriated upon discovering that there are cameras planted in his house. Wendell arrives home, and Bo confronts him with a baseball bat. In the morning, Bo puts the car back where it was at, and he notices that Burton is on his way to the house. Bo races to the house, and lets Burton in, who shows Bo a video that was taken by a camera in a button of Leonard's shirt on the set of the movie. Burton thinks someone planted the gun in Leonard's coat. Rex arrives at Wendell's house, looks through a window, and sees Wendell's body. Rex goes back to his boat, finding the bloody bat. Rex realizes that Bo is trying to frame him. With police approaching, Rex grabs a gun and ducks out of his boat. At Wendell's house, Burton notices the video feed from the cameras in Bo's house. On the feed, he sees Rex entering the house with the gun. Rex goes to Bo and Abby's bedroom and opens fire, only for Bo to hit Rex and throw him to the floor. He viciously beats Rex, gloating about how he got his revenge. Rex is arrested. As he is led outside, he is relentlessly photographed by paparazzi. Later, as Bo is preparing to finish up the movie he's been filming, he's called to the hospital, where Zach has awakened from his coma. Later, Bo, Abby, and Zach are at the premiere of 'Adrenaline Force 2', the sequel to the movie that made Bo a star. Abby is now pregnant with a girl. After the film is shown, Abby and Zack leave covertly, as Bo goes to meet the press out front, by himself.
tt0268397
Animation,Action,Adventure
The film starts off with a rocket carrying two boys and a robotic dog: Jimmy Neutron, Carl Wheezer and Goddard. Jimmy is attempting to launch a communications satellite made out of a toaster, hoping to communicate with an alien species he believes exists somewhere out in the universe, despite his parents Hugh and Judy's protest in talking to strangers. Unknown to anyone, the satellite is picked up near the planet Yolkus, home to an alien race called the Yolkians. King Goobot V and his assistant, Ooblar, watch a pre-recorded message from Jimmy, featuring him introducing himself and explaining about life on Earth. Jimmy, Carl, and their friend Sheen spot a poster for an amusement park called "Retroland." However, Jimmy's parents refuse to let him go that night because it is a school night, and as a result Jimmy is forced to go his room to think about what he has done wrong after accidentally causing a fire with one of his inventions. Jimmy, Carl and Sheen subsequently choose to sneak out and visit the park advised by Nick Dean, a popular kid. As the three are at the park, the Yolkians set a course for Earth, where they kidnap all the adults in the city, leaving fake notes on the refrigerators to tell the kids that they have gone to Florida for an "extended vacation". Coincidentally, Carl spots a shooting star (actually a Yolkian ship), so he, Jimmy and Sheen wish for no more parents so they can have fun all the time. The next morning, the kids discover that the parents have all disappeared. After hearing a message from his parents that Goddard had recorded while posing as Jimmy last night, Jimmy becomes suspicious of the fact that his parents said that they would see him in the morning despite not being there. He soon discovers what has really happened. Jimmy organizes the other children in town to build spaceships from the Retroland rides to travel to Yolkus and get their parents back. Eventually they are captured by Goobot, who tells them that the parents are to be sacrificed to their god, Poultra. He shows the kids Jimmy's video, thanking him for helping him find suitable species for their ritual, before having the children locked up in their cells. With Jimmy feeling guilty over the fact that his actions led to the Yolkans abducting the parents in the first place, his rival/love interest Cindy Vortex convinces him to stand up and think of an escape plan. After breaking out with the help of Goddard, the children (with the exception of Nick, as he turns out not so brave), in accordance with Jimmy's plan, manage to stop the parents from being sacrificed to Poultra the giant chicken. Everyone escapes aboard a Yolkian ship, but Goobot follows them in his ship at the head of the Yolkian fleet. With the exception of Goobot's ship, all of the Yolkian ships are destroyed when Jimmy baits them into flying too close to Yolkus' sun. Jimmy and Goddard then use an experimental shrink ray to grow to the size of a planet, and blow Goobot's ship into an asteroid: Goobot and Ooblar survive the explosion, but Goobot declares that they have not seen the last of him. Jimmy reconciles with his parents for not understanding strangers, as all the other kids reunite with theirs, and they make it on their way back home. In a final scene of the film, Jimmy and Carl have breakfast during which Jimmy's parents drink one of his experiments (that causes significant belching), thinking it is real soda and they all laugh out loud. In the post credits scene, Ms. Fowl, the school teacher, is shown taming a worm when having been shrunk by Jimmy's shrink ray prior to the film.
tt0454987
Comedy,Crime
John Lyshitski (Dax Shepard) has spent most of his life being a slimeball, thanks to Judge Nelson Biederman III, who has been giving him hard sentences ever since he stole a car at the age of eight. Now he wants revenge, but finds that the judge died an all too peaceful death three days previous to Johns release from prison. He turns his attention to Nelson Biederman IIIs obnoxious son, Nelson Biederman IV (Will Arnett). At a dedication ceremony for Nelson III, John hops into Nelson's BMW, steals his change, spits in his coffee and uses up his inhaler. In the BMW after the ceremony, Nelson IV yells at his attorney (who has the speakerphone on in the fully occupied board room), starts to sing, and when he goes for the inhaler, finds it empty. He stops at a pharmacy, panicked, and starts knocking items off the shelf in an attempt to find a replacement inhaler. The pharmacy owners think he's another junkie robber, and that the inhaler he finally finds is a tiny pistol, and call the police. Nelson ends up convicted on that robbery and demands that the Biederman foundation call the governor to dismiss his charges. Even though the governor owes the foundation a favor, the board of directors decide to let Nelson go to prison as they have grown tired of his asinine deportment. John is not satisfied with Nelson just going to prison, however, so John decides to join him in prison by selling marijuana to undercover police officers. At his sentencing he pleads guilty to the same judge Nelson IV had, and asks for the same sentence (3-5) at the same prison. After negotiating with the judge and bribing a few guards, he ends up as Nelsons cellmate, and here he pretends to be his friend, all in an attempt to give him the wrong advice on surviving life in prison. Somehow, Nelson gets himself out of a numerous array of jams, even discovering that he's gay and meeting the love of his life, gang leader Barry (Chi McBride), a hulking, burly gay caballero with the heart of a dashing romantic hero beating within his massive, hairy torso, as is evident by his liking for smooth jazz (Chuck Mangione is a favorite of his), plying potential romantic partners with his finest toilet-made Merlot, and transforming his prison cell into a candle-lit, rose-bedecked passion parlor. Nelson reaches his one year parole hearing relatively unscathed, and actually the "top dog" in the prison. However, John won't allow his target to escape prison so easily: he drugs Nelson and writes "WHITE POWER" on his forehead and writes two Nazi signs on each of the two sides of his neck. This leads to the parole board deciding that Nelson "needs" more time to be rehabilitated. Infuriated, Nelson brings John up on the act, who confesses to putting Nelson in jail and the two get embroiled in a fight. It's here that John regrets bunking with Nelson when he realizes Nelson has nothing to lose but his will to murder, and John is the target. After an ensuing brawl, the guards set up a death match between the two. However, John and Nelson secretly conspire and inject each other with a coma-inducing drug. The guards and prisoners believe that they are dead and bury the pair outside in the graveyard. Nelson's lover Barry, who has been let out on parole, digs the two up and they are free, and Nelson and Barry become life partners. One year later, the two same-sex sweethearts set up a winery where a critic is about to fail their wine when John shows up and forces the critic to give them a good review. The gay romantic duo and John take a drive listening to "Move This" by Technotronic.
tt0273517
Horror
Theres something in this house... Something ancient and dark that remains still, hidden and silent. It can only wait, having been concealed in the shadows for years. In fact, its milieu is darkness. Only in it can it show itself and move. It even takes its name: DARKNESS. Its lived here since someone tried to call it, more than forty years ago. Because this house hides a secret, a terrible past, an inconceivably evil act Seven children, faceless people, a circle that must be completed. And blood, lots of blood But something went wrong. One of the children got away. The circle wasnt completed. Thats why what lives here isnt finished. Its just waiting It tries to carry out what it couldnt before, making plans in the shadows, to become complete, to be, to exist A new family has just moved into the house. A small child. An unstable father capable of losing his temper at any time. A perfect target. The right place at the right time. The pieces only have to be put in place. And then wait...
tt0180734
Drama,Sport
Conor O'Neill is a gambler who has bet on his dead father's account and is now severely in debt. In order to repay the debt he must coach a baseball team of troubled kids in the Cabrini-Green housing projects of Chicago. He had decided that once he repaid his debts he would leave the team but soon Connor connects with the kids and finds it harder to leave than he thought. Elizabeth Wilkes is a school teacher that forces the attention of O'Neil away from his pressing problems to the real daunting challenges that nine boys on the team face daily. We see real wealth highlighted by real poverty in Chicago. We see wasted talent in a mentor draw out the potential of young men amidst broken lives Cabrini-Green. Despite being language challenged this is a story worth being seen by all young men. A modern day Boys town?
tt0112679
Drama,Romance
This is a charming romance about three girls from an Irish village whose coming of age happens as they all attend college in Dublin not long after WWII. Seemingly unmarriageable Benny is the daughter of a wealthy shopkeeper mortified by the attentions of her dad's shop assistant, while her Dublin beau, Jack, is a wealthy star athlete and medical student. Their story centers on the hardships of a long-distance relationship. Orphan Eve was raised by nuns and put through college by the village's patron family. Her Dublin beau is Aidan, who is deliberately given no backstory by the creators of the film. Neither is self supporting, and they work side by side to make a cottage in the woods -- Eve's inheritance from her dad -- livable.They soon discover that celibate cohabitation before they can afford to marry is harder than they believed. Nan, raised in a family suffering from domestic violence, believes she can glamourize herself to snare a powerful gent and then raise her standard of living. She is the love object of Simon, son and heir of the patron family of her village. Her plan to get pregnant, marry, and become the new mistress of the manor house falls flat when Simon buys her off to end the affair. Benny is soon in the throes of despair when her father dies, her pursuer is more forceful about inheriting both her and her dad's business, and Jack breaks off the relationship when Nan fibs that he is the father of her child. Eve manages to straighten everything out except Benny's pursuer, whom she gets rid of herself by discovering he has been stealing from the family business. At the conclusion, Jack and Benny are to marry, Eve and Aidan are to remain celibate cohabiters of the cottage until they can afford to marry, and Nan goes abroad on Simon's money to deal with her pregnancy.
tt0172396
Drama,Romance
Novelist Maurice Bendrix (Ralph Fiennes) is writing "This is a diary of hate" as he starts a new book as well as the film's narration. It's 1946 when Bendrix has a chance meeting one rainy night in London with Henry Miles (Stephen Rea), husband of his former mistress Sarah (Julianne Moore). Two years before, she had abruptly ended their affair for reasons revealed later. Henry suspects Sarah is currently having an affair and is considering employing a private eye to investigate. Bendrix was jealous of Henry during his affair with Sarah and had tried to persuade her to leave him. If she has since started an affair with someone new after telling him there would never be anyone else, Bendrix wants to find out. Without telling Henry, he hires the investigator himself, at the same time as making arrangements to meet Sarah. Consistent with the tone of his diary, their meeting is cold and promises no future. Events are shown from Bendrix perspective, with contrasting flashbacks of Bendrix with Sarah as they began their affair during World War II. The present day action continues as Bendrix encounters the private investigator Parkis (Ian Hart), who uses his young son Lancelot (Sam Bould) to help him snoop. The boy has a birthmark that disfigures his face. Parkis reports that he has found who Sarah has been seeing under the pretence of attending dental appointments. Bendrix jealousy leads him to confront the man named Smythe, using Lancelot as a ploy to gain access to his home. Smythe (Jason Isaacs) is a priest who admits he knows Sarah and who Bendrix is. Smythe is affronted by the way he has approached him and tells him to leave. The climax of Act 2 is a night of passion during the war when we witness them making love amid the sound of V2 rockets falling and shaking the house. Bendrix gets out of bed to check on his landlady and is blown down the stairs by the blast from a rocket hitting the house. When he recovers consciousness, he goes back upstairs to find Sarah praying. Seeing him, she is shocked that he is alive. Bendrix detects that her attitude has changed and accuses Sarah of being disappointed that he survived. She leaves telling him "Love doesn't end, just because we don't see each other." Back to 1946 and Parkis inveigles his way into a social function at the Miles house and steals Sarah's diary which he gives to Bendrix. As he sits to read it, the film sequences of the main events in their relationship are reshown but the narrative is from Sarah's perspective. After Bendrix is hurt by the bomb, Sarah runs downstairs and finds him motionless with no pulse. Assuming him dead, she runs back upstairs and begins to pray for a miracle. Just as she makes a promise to God that she will stop seeing Bendrix if he is brought back to life, Bendrix comes into the room. Now knowing why Sarah ended the affair, Bendrix follows Sarah and begs her to reconsider. Sarah tells Bendrix that she has felt dead without him and can no longer keep her "promise" to God. They rekindle the affair. Bendrix tries to persuade Sarah to leave Henry and confesses to Henry that he hired Parkis to find out who she was seeing while making fake visits to the dentist. Henry is furious and burns the evidence Bendrix produces about Smythe. Henry also desperately asks Sarah not to leave him. Bendrix is visited one night by Henry as he and Sarah are in bed. He does not open the door. She agrees to go away with him the following morning to Brighton where Bendrix finds Parkis is following him. To increase the likelihood of divorce, Bendrix contrives to kiss Sarah in view of their hotel bedroom window where Parkis can photograph them. Bendrix believes his goal has been realised when Henry appears in Brighton. But Henry's reason is not to confront the adulterous couple. It is to tell them what he had come to Bendrix' house for the night previously, that Sarah has a terminal illness and will not survive much longer than the duration of a divorce. Bendrix stays with Henry and Sarah during her final days. Bendrix does not permit Smythe entry when he tries to visit Sarah, telling her it was just a person, and not the postman. When she dies, Smythe visits to offer spiritual support but evokes anger from Bendrix who blames God for taking her. It becomes clear the object of hate in his book is not Sarah or Henry but God. "I hated You as though You existed. Now I am tired of hating...but You're still there". At Sarah's funeral, Parkis tells Bendrix that after finding his son Lancelot asleep in a doorway while he was supposed to be recording her visits to Smythe, she had kissed his birthmarked cheek as she put him on a train home. When the birthmark disappeared, Lancelot believed she had worked a healing miracle on him. At Henry and Sarah's house, Bendrix continues to talk to God whose existence and virtue he had earlier doubted, completing his book with the lines.. "I've only one prayer left. Dear God, forget about me. Look after her and Henry".
tt0112819
Action,Crime,Drama
In the spring of 1969, Anthony Curtis (Larenz Tate) is about to graduate from high school. However, Anthony is not going to college, but needing to get away from home to find himself, he enlists in the U.S. Marine Corps shortly after graduating high school. He is sent to Vietnam, leaving behind a middle-class family, a pregnant girlfriend, Juanita (Rose Jackson), and a small time crook, Kirby (Keith David), who is like a second father to Anthony but is also a small-time gangster, operating in the immediate neighborhood. Anthony voluntarily joins the military in 1969; his close friend Skip (Chris Tucker) later joined Anthony's squad after flunking out of college, and Jose (Freddy Rodriguez), got drafted into the Army also in 1969. Once in the Marines, Curtis meets the gung-ho lieutenant, Dugan (Jaimz Woolvett), and his wartime friend, Cleon (Bokeem Woodbine), a religious yet deadly staff sergeant. During their tour in Vietnam as members of a Force Recon unit, they experience the horror of war, losing several fellow Marines during combat. The Marines (specifically, Cleon) also commit atrocities, including summarily executing enemy prisoners and beheading corpses for war trophies -- Cleon, whose father is a preacher, believes he is doing the righteous work of God when he kills enemy personnel. He decapitates the corpse of an NVA soldier and carries the head around as a good-luck totem until Dugan and the squad tell him to dispose of it. Cleon believes that he was forced to bury the squad's good fortune. Shortly after, one of their squad is the victim of terror tactics of the North Vietnamese: D'Ambrosio (Michael Imperioli), is found disemboweled and castrated alive. While waiting for a medevac under fire, Anthony, succumbing to the request of the dying D'Ambrosio, gives the man a fatal dose of morphine. Later, on another patrol, Betancourt (Clifton Collins Jr) is killed when he triggers a land mine and a night ambush ensues, with NVA troops and half of Anthony's team killed; Dugan is killed after Skip "freezes up" during the gunfight when he is ordered to cover him. Cleon manages to hold off the enemy long enough for Anthony and the last of the crew to escape. Skip and Anthony are later finished with their tours and are sent home. When Anthony returns to The Bronx in 1973, he discovers that returning to "normal" life isn't easy or pleasant. He finds his friend Skip, who used drugs during the war, is now a heroin addict and living on several disability funds. Jose, after serving as a demolitions expert, during which he lost his hand, has become a pyromaniac. Cleon is now a devoted minister. Kirby has since become legitimate due to police cracking down on his criminal business. Anthony is laid off from his job in a butcher shop and finds himself unable to support his daughter. During a pool game at Kirby's, Cowboy ( Terrence Howard ) makes fun of Anthony and informs him that Cutty (Clifton Powell ) was having sex with his girlfriend Juanita while he was deployed in Vietnam, he ferociously beats Cowboy with a pool stick. Anthony pesters Juanita into admitting to sleeping with Cutty to provide for their daughter (who may not even be Anthony's). Anthony reconnects with his girlfriend's sister Delilah (a member of the "Nat Turner Cadre", a fictional group similar to the Black Panthers), who has always had a crush on him and decides to help him with a plot he devises. Anthony, Kirby, Skip, Jose, Delilah and Cleon plan to rob an armored car making a stop at the Noble Street Federal Reserve Bank of the Bronx. Skip and Cleon act as lookouts, Kirby is the getaway driver, Delilah waits in a dumpster across the street and Anthony and Jose hide under the loading docks, all armed and all having painted their faces with kabuki-style makeup. Though they plan the heist very carefully, it goes horribly wrong when a policeman stumbles on the scene. The policeman interferes, resulting in Kirby's attacking him, only to be shot in the arm, and Skip's shooting the policeman in the head. The security guards engage the robbers in a gunfight. Delilah is shot to death by one of the guards and Anthony viciously kills the rest of them. After Kirby tries to block the truck with his car, Jose makes use of an excessive amount of explosives, destroying the armored car and burning most of the cash. They escape with what money is left, but Jose is killed after being struck by a police car. The surviving four try to lie low after the robbery. Cleon however begins handing out cash to members of his congregation, also buying a new Cadillac car which he obviously cannot afford. Anthony and Skip give out presents to poor children on Christmas. Cleon is finally arrested at his church and gives up the other thieves. NYPD officers storm Skip's apartment to find that he has died of a heroin overdose. As Kirby and Anthony prepare to leave the country, they are ambushed at Kirby's pool hall by the police and arrested. In court, Anthony is tried, convicted, and sent to prison for 15 years to life. Anthony berates the judge (Martin Sheen), a marine war veteran himself, who also goes so far as to tell him that he'd forgotten the honor the corps taught him and calling him a disgrace to any person who put on uniform and served his country. Upon receiving his sentence, Anthony becomes enraged and throws the chair at the judge. After sentencing, Anthony is seen on a police bus heading to prison.
tt0422774
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Nick, Suzanne, Kevin, and Lindsey move from the big city to the suburbs for an idyllic life. A house renovation leads to chaos, particularly when the contractor who clashes with Nick bonds with his wife and the two kids.
tt1390535
Drama,Horror,Thriller
In the opening black and white sequence, a teenage girl with a hood on walks into a burger joint, she orders and the cashier has a startled look when she sees her. When the girl walks into the restaurant everybody in the room is looking at her. A boy in the room asks his mom "Why does the lady look like that?" The boy's mother tells him to stop for everybody now is staring at her. It is revealed that the girl has a distinctive burn on one half of her face. Suddenly, she yells at them to stop staring and says she did not choose to look that way. Sometime earlier... a South Asian boy, named Ravi, is constantly being bullied by a much larger tormentor in class. Another scene shows a nerd Goth girl named Emily, who is by her locker, is approached by three girls, named Kelly, Bridget, and Heather, who emotionally attack her and taunt her for crying. A little later, two teen nerd boys, Jack and Dane, are in a field setting up bear traps. At lunch, the outcast students are all sitting quietly at a lunch table until one of the bullies throws his milk box on one of the bullied kids books. He approaches him, giving back his milk box. Another kid named Kurtis, who is friends with both the outcasts and the popular group, approaches the group of people and invites them to one of his video shoots on Friday. The outcasts talk among themselves and say they like him and they tell each other to make sure Kurtis does not end up being at the party. The next scene shows their home life. Dane talks to himself and points a gun at his own head while in his bedroom, while his uneducated and negletful parents fight downstairs. Another scene shows Ravi at home with his suttle and emtionally barren Indian family; a depressing quiet life where nobody talks or even looks at each other except for the house maid. Emily's mother is a shrewed and divorced woman who pays little attention to her. Jack, whom is a talented banjo player, has a divorced mechanic father who ignors him all the time. At the video shoot, Bradley and Tommy both confront Ravi and Dane in the boys room, and break Ravi camera for no reason. Bradley tells Dane that he bullies him because he will not do anything about it. Afterwords, Ravi tells Kurtis about what happened and Kurtis warns Bradley to leave Parker. The beligerent Bradley refuses and starts a fight wtih Kurtis, fed up with the egotistic boy's attitude. Jack, leaving his home, is talking to his father who is a mechanic working on his car, about what he is going to do. He tells him that he has a letter about it and that he'll probably be angry. The father, obviously ignoring him, continues on working as Jack leaves. At night, Bradley and two others are pulled over by the cops on their way to a party, and are caught smoking marijuana. They are let go after getting almost all their weed confiscated. Meanwhile, the group of outcasts are around a fire talking about hell and doing God's work in tormenting their tormentors. They put on costumes and blend in with a costume filled house with a hidden camera. They then lace a punch bowl with chloroform causing everyone to pass out. Sometime later, the people in the party awaken to a loud noise from a boom box. They find themselves chained together, with the five outcasts all masked and wearing costumes inspired by horror movies (Killer Klowns from Outer Space, The Strangers, My Bloody Valentine, The Mummy, etc). They want revenge for the years of torment and want to torture their worst enemies. A vulgar teenager, named Miles, decides that the entire thing is a stupid Halloween joke and starts to mouth off. As a result, Jack applies a cattle gun to his face and knee, severly wounding him and disfiguring his face and knee. One boy, Tommy, is allowed to go and get help, but his escape is cut short when he steps into a bear trap in the woods and is caught by a group of three boys riding on dirt bikes nicknamed "The Triplets", who help the outcasts. Tommy is brought back to the house and thrown into a room with the wounded Miles. Another tormenter, a popular jock named Bernard, is next as he defiantly mouths off to the group (clearly a defiant sociopath, daring them to kill him). Bernard is tortured first by Ravi who stabs him in his shoulder with a knife, and pours a liquid drug down his throat that attacks his muscular system, keeping him from moving or speaking. Emily then tourturs him by stabing him in his face and neck with hot-tipped needles. Kurtis, who attended the party after all, is secretly given a key by Ravi and luckily escapes. Ravi is then stabbed by Dane and killed almost instantly, for betraying the group. Heather is the next victim as she is tied to a chair and Emily smears a paste on Heather's face that is made to slowly start disintegrating the skin it touches, leaving Heather horribly scarred. It is here that Bridget realizes that it is Emily and apologizes. Emily offers Bridget the chance to be spared by cutting off Bradley's fingers, but she refuses. Emily then offers Bradley safety if he agrees to cut off Bridget's fingers. Bradley cuts off two fingers on Bridget's right hand before Emily offers the deal to Bridget again. Bridget reluctantly agrees to cut off Bradley's fingers. Ultimately, she decides she cannot harm her friend and is punished by Emily, who smears the previously-used acidic compound on her face. Meanwhile, Kurtis makes it to a neighbor's house, an elderly ex-soldier named Parker. He is suspicious of the fact that Kurtis showed up with a gun. On top of all that, Parker is a racist and seeing a black teenager on his property makes him tie up Kurtis for a long period before Kurtis finally convinces him that there really is trouble at the old house in the woods. Remembering meeting two of the kids earlier the previous day and seeing them set up bear traps in the grass, decides to investigate, leaving the tied up Kurtis behind. Parker goes to investigate, but is caught in a trap, severely injuring his legs. Despite the injuries, he manages to get himself free and kills two of the triplets as they are riding around him on their ATV's. Back at the house, Bradley (still tied up in the chair) is taunted by a now very insane Dane whom by this time has revealed his face to his captives. Bradley, now breaking down into a sobbering coward, attempts to apologize, though this bears no fruit. Dane then uses his switchblade to sever Bradley's spinal cord, instantly paralyzing him from the neck down. Back at Parker's house, Kurtis manages to untie himself and calls the police from Parker's house phone to report what is going on. Kurtis then returns to Dane's house, where he saves a boy, named Riggs, from getting his tongue cut off. However, Kurtis is shot in the arm by Dane after he manages to kill Andy, one of the other outcasts. Dane is about to finish the job, but he is shot and killed by Emily, who has had enough. After one last hug, and Emily speaking her final words to Kelly. Jack then shoots and kills Emily, just as the police arrive. The police burst through, demanding that Jack drop the gun, but he only points it to his own head, declaring that they are "too late" and that "there are more of us out there" before pulling the trigger, killing himself. A news report recounts how the popular kids were abducted and tortured "without reason". Kelly, who remained unharmed, swallows a large amount of pills in the school's restroom. At school, Kurtis exchanges looks with the remaining triplet. The final scene reveals that Bridget is the disfigured girl from the beginning of the movie.
tt2204379
Horror,Musical
In this dark musical 3 Lost souls enter The Devil's Carnival and face its hellish entertainers and are faced with their sins.
tt0469623
Drama
Audrey Burke (Halle Berry) and her warm and loving husband Brian (David Duchovny) have been happily married 11 years; they have a 10-year-old daughter named Harper (Alexis Llewellyn) and a 6-year-old son named Dory (Micah Berry). Jerry Sunborne (Benicio del Toro) is a heroin addict who has been Brians close friend since childhood. Audrey gets tragic news delivered to her door by the local police: Brian has been killed in an attempt to defend a woman who was being beaten by her husband. On the day of the funeral Audrey realises that she has forgotten to inform Jerry of Brian's death. Her brother Neal (Omar Benson Miller) delivers the message to Jerry and takes him to the funeral. Audrey invites Jerry to move into the room adjacent to their garage, which he does. During his stay at the Burke home Jerry struggles to remain drug-free and also becomes very fond of Harper and Dory. The relationship between Jerry and Audrey is fragile and complicated. Jerry helps Audrey cope in many ways, including lying with her in bed to help her sleep. But Audrey, upset and confused, takes out her grief at Brian's death on Jerry. She becomes angry when Jerry helps Dory overcome his fear of submerging his head in the pool, as this had been something Brian had tried to do for years. Eventually her rudeness to him causes Jerry to move out and relapse with heroin. Audrey and Neal rescue and rehabilitate him and he agrees to admit himself to a specialized clinic. At first Harper, who has come to love Jerry, is angry that he is leaving, but after he leaves her a heartfelt note she forgives him. At the close of the film Jerry is still struggling with his addiction but seems to be well on his way to recovery. He leaves flowers on Audrey's doorstep with a note that reads, "Accept the good." (Source: WikiPedia. Bangs_McCoy)
tt0800027
Drama,Romance
The movie deals with love and its various incarnations, set within a community of friends in Portland, Oregon. Harry Stevenson provides narration about how love can affect one's life. Bradley Smith (Greg Kinnear) runs a small cafe in Portland. He has been married to his wife Kathryn (Selma Blair) for six years. However, their marriage becomes strained. Soon enough Kathryn begins a lesbian relationship with a woman, named Jenny (Stana Katic), whom she meets playing softball, and leaves Bradley. Meanwhile, Oscar Gamlen (Toby Hemingway) is a young man working at Bradley's cafe who soon meets and falls in love with a girl named Chloe (Alexa Davalos). However, Oscar is revealed to be living with his alcoholic and abusive father, Bat (Fred Ward). When Chloe visits a fortune-teller, she is told that Oscar will die. Chloe, though upset at first, straightens her resolve about her love for Oscar and their future together. Coming home, she urges Oscar to get married to her immediately. Bradley's divorce from Kathryn greatly, but he soon finds love again in Diana Croce (Radha Mitchell), who also has a past with a married man named David Watson (Billy Burke). Diana is a successful realtor and has been carrying on an affair with the married David. Though she asks him numerous times to leave his wife of 11 years, Karen, he cannot bring himself to do it. Their relationship becomes even more volatile when Diana begins dating Bradley and falls in love with him. David insists he loves Diana, but is unable to leave his wife. Also, Harry (Morgan Freeman) and his wife Esther (Jane Alexander) are an interacial couple who have been married a long time. Harry is a regular patron at Bradley's cafe and often provides the younger generation with advice on love. However, it is revealed that Harry and Esther are masking their own grief after the death of their adult son, Aaron some years ago. Diana marries Bradley and ends her affair with David. However, their love is later rekindled when Karen discovers her husband was cheating, leaving him. Free at last, David and Diana have an emotional confrontation in the park that ends with a kiss that Bradley sees, fueling their divorce. Now twice divorced, Bradley suffers a mini-breakdown and stabs himself in the hand. As he is getting stitched up in the hospital he falls for his doctor, Margit (Erika Marozsán). At Chloe and Oscar's wedding, she reveals to Harry that she is pregnant, and plans to have another baby right after due to Harry's advice of having "two." Everybody gathers for an afternoon in the park. While playing football, Oscar collapses; despite an attempt to get him to a hospital, congested traffic interferes, and he dies of a heart defect. Bat attempts to avenge his son's death by harming Chloe but Harry scares him off, and then asks Chloe if he and his wife Esther can 'adopt' her as their own. In the film's conclusion Diana and David are shown as a public and functionally happy couple. Bradley asks Margit for her hand in marriage and she accepts. Harry reveals the nature of his son's death to Chloe, whom he and Esther grow very close to. Harry has also been struggling with the decision of going back to work as a professor at a university. In the film's conclusion, after Oscar's death, Harry and Esther offer to adopt a now widowed and pregnant Chloe, who tearfully accepts their offer.
tt1196340
Drama,Thriller
In the thriller drama Inhale, up and coming District Attorney Paul Stanton (Dermot Mulroney) is a family man who has built a solid reputation for defending the law. Now in the middle of prosecuting a high-profile sex offender case, he tries to remain focused although he has serious problems of his own. Paul and his wife Diane (Diane Kruger) have one daughter, Chloe (Mia Stallard), who has been diagnosed with a rare degenerative disease. She needs a double lung transplant, but there are many patients ahead of her on the waiting list for donors. But when news arrives that Chloes condition has worsened, Dr. Rubin (Rosanna Arquette), tells them that it is beyond their ability to save Chloe's life, but she also tells them that if they have money, there is another way for them to find a lung donor. Stunned with the possibility of having to break the law to save their daughter's life, Paul, contacts his friend James Harrison (Sam Shepard) for advice. Harrison tells him that he has information about a mysterious Dr. Navarro (Vincent Perez) who performs transplants in Tijuana, Mexico, but warns him that pursuing this course could cost him everything; his reputation, career and possibly even his life as well as the life of his daughter. Confused and frantic, Paul and Diane decide to take the risk to find this doctor if there is a chance they can save Chloes life. Their journey takes them across the border to Mexico and into the dangerous territory of the underworld. Paul's search brings him face to face with the corrupt police officer Aguilar (Jordi Mollá) and the discovery that Dr. Navarro is connected to an illegal organ harvesting operation where the donors are in reality victims. Paul finds himself caught in a desperate situation of choosing between saving the life of his daughter or exposing the criminal activity that could save the lives of hundreds of children.
tt1038043
Drama,Romance
Leo and Ellen are a successful New York couple, totally immersed in their work. Leo is the creator of a booming website, and has stumbled into a world of money and big decisions. Ellen is a dedicated emergency surgeon who devotes her long shifts to saving lives. Their eight-year-old daughter Jackie (Sophie Nyweide) spends most of her time with her Filipino nanny Gloria; even when Ellen has time for her, Jackie often prefers to be with Gloria. Gloria has two children of her own, young boys staying in the Philippines with their grandmother. The older boy tries to find a job so that Gloria does not have to work abroad, but he gets hurt. Gloria is informed and quits her job right away to return to her country. Leo travels to Thailand to sign a contract, but in Thailand it turns out that his colleague has to negotiate additionally. In the meantime Leo is bored. There are attractive women offering themselves to him, but at first he does not want sex, and even pays a prostitute for not having sex with any client one evening. Later he has sex with a local women after all, but he regrets it afterwards, and has his colleague accept the terms offered, so that they can finish the work and return to the US. [D-Man2010]
tt0494864
Crime,Drama,Thriller
A nail-biting psychological thriller, that never lets you go. Set in New York State, the story center's on juvenile murderer, Eric Poole, who at 18, is released from jail having served his sentence for the murder of a young girl. Russell Crowe plays the hard-bitten detective who put him away and who is sure that Poole is a potential serial killer who will reoffend. He makes it his mission to keep Poole under surveillance as he sets off on a seemingly innocent road trip up-state. But all is not as it seems as Poole soon finds himself on the run with a young girl who has become obsessed with him and may or may not have been witness to the first murder. [D-Man2010] John Polsen directs this indie thriller based on the novel by Robert Cormier. Russell Crowe stars as Detective Cristofuoro, a semi-retired police officer who trails a violent teenager, Eric Poole (Jon Foster), who was released after serving time for the murder of his family. Sophie Traub co-stars as Lori, the teenage runaway who falls under Eric's spell. [D-Man2010]
tt1027862
Comedy,Drama
Kevin Costner stars as Bud Johnson, an apathetic, beer slinging, lovable loser, who is coasting through a life that has passed him by, except for the one bright spot in his mundane existence, his precocious, over achieving twelve-year old daughter, Molly. She takes care of them both, until one mischievous moment on Election Day, when she accidentally sets off a chain of events which culminates in the presidential election coming down to one vote, her dad's. Suddenly, Bud Johnson, the nobody, becomes the voice for everybody when the world realizes that his vote will be the one that elects the next president. Politicians invade the small town of Texico, New Mexico and its unwitting inhabitants, waging war for Bud's vote.
tt1100053
Comedy,Horror
The film opens with Justine Fielding (Tuppence Middleton) being escorted out of school by the police, as other pupils look on. It then has a flashback to 5 days earlier, where Justine is reading at the funeral of Darren Mullett (Calvin A. Dean). She starts to talk about him, when Jason Banks (Olly Alexander) stands up in church and calls her a hypocrite because she didn't really know him. He is then thrown out of church by the sadistic PE teacher. Later on, Justine is talking to her friend Helena (Mary Nighy) about staying in and watching a Keira Knightley DVD, Atonement, when Alexis (Dimitri Leonidas) decides to invite her to a party his friends Bradley (Alex Pettyfer), Tasha (April Pearson), Kally (Larissa Wilson), Sophie (Georgia King), and Marcus (Tom Hopper) are having. She decides to go to the party, rather than staying in with Helena. At the party, Justine arrives and Tasha tells Jez, the DJ to say something about her appearance. He begins to rap about her, when Alexis tells him to stop, and he is thrown out of the party by Bradley. Later, Alexis and Justine go somewhere quiet, and he tells her they are on a date, at which point they kiss. Bradley, Tasha, Kally, Marcus and Sophie all receive horrible text messages from Mullett's number. During this, someone puts on a clown costume and grabs a chainsaw, before heading up to the room where they are kissing. The figure is revealed to be Bradley, who is playing a prank on them. Jez goes to the cemetery to celebrate Mullett's death, and urinates on his grave, and is killed by an unseen figure, who stabs him with a cross. Later, the group have a toast to Mullett's life, and Justine reveals that she can't even remember who he is. The next day, they arrive at school, and the headmaster gets a call saying that Jez never came home the night before. Bradley threatens another pupil about removing a website he had put up about him. Justine is persuaded to hang around with the cool gang, and tells Helena that she won't be able to make it to her Keira Knightley DVD evening. She finds a teddy bear (stolen from Mullett's grave) in her locker and assumes it is from Alexis. He asks her on another date after this, which she agrees to. She goes to see Jason and he tells her that Mullett was in love with her, and hands her his suicide note. While she is reading the note, a teacher tells her that she will make a great pupil at Oxford university. The pupil threatened by Bradley is then attacked, and sees Mullett's ghost, but is listening to music through headphones, and the loud music sends him deaf. Over the course of the day, the gang get more messages, and Bradley believes Jason is sending them. Jason, meanwhile is in art class, and the teacher tells everyone that the guillotine is faulty and they shouldn't touch it. A boy sent by Bradley fetches him out of class, and then Bradley and Marcus chase him into the gym, where they give him a wedgie, but are interrupted by another message, meaning Jason cannot have sent it. The sadistic PE teacher then arrives and gives Jason detention. The girls decide that Helena has been sending the messages and attack her. Sophie tells Justine that she should sleep with Alexis that night, and goes back into the swimming pool, where she is attacked by Mullett's ghost and drowns. Later that night, Justine and Alexis sleep together, but are seen by Mullett, who tears the badge from her uniform, and re-arranges her fridge magnets, calling her a slut. She returns to school and shows Alexis the suicide note, but his friends tell her she cannot hand it into the police, because she would implicate herself in his death. Marcus is then in PE class, where he sees Mullett's ghost, and the teacher tells him to go and have a shower, just as the art teacher arrives and tells the head that they have found Sophie's body. In the shower, he is whipped with a towel by the ghost of Mullett. He manages to fight him off and heads outside, running into Helena, who accuses him of trying to rape her because he is semi naked. He manages to get outside, and is impaled upon a fence by the ghost. Later on, the gang are at Bradley's house, and they have an argument, where Tasha and Justine get into a fight, and Justine is thrown into the swimming pool. Bradley decides to go and dig Mullett's body up at the cemetery. Justine goes home, and demands that Alexis shows her the site, where it is revealed that he is one of the bullies, and that she was rude to Mullett because he interrupted a conversation about her going to Oxford. She tells Alexis that he is deceitful and a liar, and that their relationship is over. While Bradley is at the cemetery, Tasha gets drunk in his car, and invites him to have sex with her. During the act, Mullett appears and pulls him out of the car, and kills him. Tasha runs away, but falls into an open grave, where she lies to Mullett that she fancied him, causing him to decapitate her with a shovel. The next day, Justine arrives at the art class, where Jason painted Munch's "The Scream" painting, and tells him that she was responsible for Mullett's death. He tells her that it has been his fault, because he was scared of being bullied, so he told Bradley that Mullett fancied her. She leaves the room, and Mullett appears, and kills him by jamming two pencils up his nose and slamming his head against the table. Justine approaches Helena and tells her that she is sorry, that her friends, including Alexis were all horrible. Kally runs over and asks her where Tasha is, but Justine tells her she doesn't care. Kally then gets a text message from Tasha telling her to meet her in the art room. Before Justine can follow, she is confronted by Alexis, who tells her he is going to kill Mullett for what he has done to everyone. Justine tells him that Kally is in danger. Kally gets to the art room, and sees "The Scream" with her name on it, at which point Mullett puts a bag over her head, before using the guillotine to slice her hands off. She tries to call the headteacher, but he is too busy with the police, who tell him that Justine's badge has been found near the bodies of Bradley and Tasha. They get to the art room, and find Jason's and Kally's bodies, and are attacked by Mullett. They break free, by stabbing him in the stomach with a screwdriver and head to the common room, where Mullett follows them. Alexis tries to stop him, but is stabbed in the hand with the screwdriver. Justine gets him to stop, but he begins to choke her to death. She grabs his inhaler and throws it across the room, telling Alexis to smash it. He does, and the ghost begins to die. Justine tells Alexis to leave, but he punches Mullett, knocking a sofa over, and finding Mullett's other inhaler, which Mullett then uses. Mullett then stabs Alexis in the throat with the screwdriver. As Justine cradles his body, she looks up at Mullett, disgusted and says "You know what, they were right, you do look like fucking Shrek!", just as the police arrive. Justine is then led out and into the police car seen earlier, having been arrested for the murders. She sees Mullett's ghost but then it disappears. During the credits, there is a sequence where the PE teacher is telling students off, and Mullett is shown getting ready for revenge on him.
tt0415965
Comedy,Drama,Family
Science fiction writer, David Gordon (John Cusack) is feeling alone after losing his wife two years earlier. David is weighing the possibility of adopting a six-year old orphan boy named Dennis (Bobby Coleman). There is only one thing that may prevent the adoption from happening, and that is Dennis believes he is from the planet Mars. David's sister, Liz (Joan Cusack), tries to talk him out of adopting a child, because he doesn't know the first thing about parenting and this child is over the line and very strange. David has made up his mind and wants to be a father to this strange Martian child. David is having so much fun being a parent that he has stop writing and is about to miss his next book deadline. His agent Jeff (Oliver Platt) tries to bring David back to earth, but David is thinking about Mars more and more. David is letting Dennis be himself, and he is caught up in the fantasy of Dennis actually being from Mars. Whatever the truth, David has changed for the better, and now he has learned how to be a loving and caring parent.
tt0997047
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
Choosing which college to attend can be the most exciting and thrilling time of a young womans life ... unless your overprotective father isnt quite ready to let you go. In this family comedy, Melanie (Raven-Symoné) is eagerly looking forward to her first big step towards independence when she plans a girls only road trip to check out prospective universities. But when her overbearing police chief father (Martin Lawrence) insists on escorting her instead, she soon finds her dream trip has turned into a nightmare adventure full of comical misfortune and turmoil.
tt1386925
Action,Adventure,Drama
When the last evacuation flight out of war-torn Africa crashes off the coast, American military engineer, Lieutenant Brian Murphy (ROB FREEMAN), emerges as the sole survivor in a land where the dead are returning to life and attacking the living. On the run in a hostile and inhospitable parched landscape, where sudden death lurks around every sun-burnished corner, Murphy has to use his wits and ingenuity if he is to get home alive to his family. When Murphy's path clashes with that of Sergeant Daniel Dembele (PRINCE DAVID OSEI), whose village has been torn apart by the reanimated dead, they join forces. The two desperate men from two very different cultures fight side by side to survive across the incredible vistas of Africa as the world succumbs to the deadliest of viruses. In the first zombie road movie set against the spectacular vistas of Africa, the Dark Continent becomes a dead zone. A stunningly shot horror fantasy announcing the arrival of the Ford Brothers on the global genre scene, THE DEAD is as much an emotional journey through terror terrain as it is a physically demanding and beautiful-looking one. Shot in life-threatening, never-before-seen locations in Burkina Faso, French-speaking West Africa, and Ghana, including the Sahara Desert, on 35mm film by the award-winning Ford Brothers, THE DEAD is one of the most unique zombie movies of all time. Taken from: thedeaduk.webeden.co.uk/#/synopsis/4554841749
tt0780567
Comedy,Drama,Family
Before he found himself standing in front of his friends' house yelling for his daughter's purple security blanket in the middle of the night, Evan Danielson was just your average financial wizard - focused, successful and driven. But when his daughter introduced him to the princesses and their queen living in her imaginary world, Evan followed her on a hilarious adventure that forced him to reexamine the value of their relationship and redefine his meaning of success. Evan and his seven-year-old daughter Olivia find it impossible to connect. He's too distracted by his career demands to understand the value of quality father-daughter time and she has all but given up on her Daddy. When the promotion of a lifetime is suddenly within his reach, Evan finds himself torn between his parental responsibilities and staving off his company... [D-Man2010] A powerful financial executive whose career was sent spiraling down the drain due to sudden lack of confidence finds the answers to his inexplicable setback in an imaginary world dreamt up by his young daughter in a fantasy comedy starring Eddie Murphy and co-scripted by Ed Solomon and Chris Matheson (the writing duo behind "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" and "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey"). [D-Man2010] Evan Danielson is a successful financial executive who has more time for his blackberry than his seven-year-old daughter. When he has a crisis of confidence and his career starts going down the drain, however, he finds the solution to all his problems in his daughter's imaginary world. [D-Man2010] Evan Danielson is a very successful corporate businessman, who had been working at the same company for eight years as the top man, that is until Johnny Whitefeather was hired as his rival. Whitefeather seems to have the whole company under some spell as he spiels his nonsensical idioms filled with Native American mumbo jumbo. These top executives seem more content with chanting Indian style noises rather than listen to how they can make money through sound investments. When Evan finally discovers that his daughter is somehow able to tell the future within the business world by using her goo-gaa (blanket) and her invisible friends Princesses Kupida and Mopida, he discovers he has an invaluable upper hand now at the office. In order for Evan to ask these imaginary friends any question he must travel through the imaginary world, through a dense forest, past a dragon, through caves, and even walk through France. Before, Evan who is a part-time father really had no time for his daughter, now is forced to play with her and by her rules. After only a couple of days with her, he rediscovers the inner child within himself and genuinely has a lot of fun playing these imaginary games with Olivia. Johnny Whitefeather and Evan are now competing for the position of heading the western division of the company D.D.E. In order to be prepared for the most important presentation of his life, Evan must once again invoke the use of the Goo-Gaa and meet up with the princesses. The only problem is that Olivia is spending the night at her friends house, and there is no way for Evan to obtain said Goo-Gaa. Also, the presentation showdown will be held on Saturday, the day of Olivias class play. Will Evan choose business over Olivia once again? Does he have a chance to compete with Whitefeather now that he doesnt have the Goo-Gaa blanket? Find out when you watch Imagine That. (scapp70 from epinions.com)
tt0419984
Comedy,Romance,Sport
During their childhood, John Farley (Seann William Scott) and many of his classmates were tormented by their sadistic gym teacher, Mr. Jasper Woodcock (Billy Bob Thornton). Since then, things have turned out quite well for John, who has gone on to become a successful self-help author and motivational speaker about "letting go", inspired by his own experiences. But when John's hometown offers him an award, he decides to return home and face his unpleasant memories. His manager initially rejects it as too trivial without consulting Farley, but Farley is pleased by the award and returns to Nebraska to receive it. When John returns home he is horrified to find that Woodcock is now dating his widowed mother Beverly (Susan Sarandon), and the two become engaged shortly after. To make matters worse, Mr. Woodcock is being awarded for his years of educating children. Mr. Woodcock's behavior toward Farley is still unpleasant. John tries to break up the engagement to save both himself and his mother. To that end, he decides to beat Mr. Woodcock at his own game. He spends the whole day with him, going everywhere with him. First, they visit a gym, where, after a rather long speech, Mr. Woodcock berates him for constantly talking. The two then go on treadmills, where John attempts to run faster than Mr. Woodcock, and is launched into a set of weights behind him. They then go into a retirement home where John meets Mr. Woodcock's father, a rude wheelchair-bound man. Mr. Woodcock makes the elderly people in the pool run in place, and take laps. He then spots Pulumbo, a wheelchair-bound man sitting in the corner of the room, not swimming in the pool, and decides to push him in. John, thinking he is unable to swim, tries to dive in and save him, but is knocked out by the man (who apparently can swim), and has to be given mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. When he gets home, his old classmate and that man's younger brother are there (with the boy having a black eye), with fake evidence of Mr. Woodcock's abuse, consisting of the boy begging an off-camera man he claims to be Mr. Woodcock not to do something, and is immediately hit in the head with a folded up chair. When Mr. Woodcock and Beverly come home, the fake evidence immediately cuts to a scene of the man driving in his truck, ranting about how hot Farley's mom is, wishing he could motorboat her breasts. He tries to rewind the tape, but only ends up repeating parts of his rant, for which he's ejected from the house by Mr. Woodcock. At the carnival, Woodcock is better at various games, though John wins in an eating contest, but not before embarrassing himself in front of the crowd. Irritated, he meets up with his old classmate, who says that he has found Mr. Woodcock's ex-wife, whom Mr. Woodcock's father had mentioned earlier. She tells John that they divorced because of infidelity; the reason she had not done that earlier was the great sex with Mr. Woodcock, once he made her black out from pleasure, and made her speak Portuguese, despite having no knowledge of the language. John, thinking Mr. Woodcock is cheating on his mother, decides to expose it to his mom, and he and his classmate go to Mr. Woodcock's house. As they are trying to find evidence, Mr. Woodcock comes up the stairs, forcing them to hide. As soon as Mr. Woodcock comes in, John's mom comes in as well, and they have sex on the bed (making her speak a phrase in Portuguese in the proccess) as John suffers underneath them. With excitement, his friend opens the shutters and records the whole scene. Next they are at the award ceremony for Woodcock. One by one people come up to the stage and praise him for the good that he has done in their life. Then John is awarded the "Corn Cob Key" and during his acceptance speech, he sums up the misery Woodcock has supposedly caused, but he makes a fool of himself. Much of his evidence is busted, as his classmate did not die as he thought and his ex-wife cheated on him, instead of visa-versa. After Woodcock threatens to beat up John, Beverly becomes so mad that she breaks up with Woodcock. The next day, John has to do a live video interview with Tyra Banks. His mother tells John that he never thought of what made her happy and always thought about himself. John runs out of his interview in the middle of it and apologizes to Woodcock. They then get into a fight that turns into them, in full costumes, wrestling. It ends with Jasper getting rushed to the hospital by John. John rushes Jasper on his gurney to his mom who is sitting atop a float on a parade. After his gurney flips over on the "one pothole in the town" his mother takes him to the hospital where John gives his blessings to his mother and tells his mother that Jasper is a very good person and molded him into what he is today. The film ends at christmas time with Jasper telling John that he read his book. Says one good thing about it, then burns it. After his next book is released, Jasper tells John that his mom is pregnant and the film closes with him saying "Just joking".
tt0400426
Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi
In a pine forest on a small island in British Columbia, Canada, (which is nothing like the tropical islands from the "Far Cry" video game), a group of armed mercenaries is savagely obliterated by an unknown foe. Evil mastermind Dr. Lucas Krieger (Udo Kier) observes the brutalities with obvious pleasure from CCTV cameras. We cut to Jack Carver (Til Schweiger), the German ex-special forces soldier turned boatman and the movie's protagonist, sipping from a beer can and driving his boat, while his passengers request him to show them whales in the Canadian lake. He dismisses their whale request and leaves them disappointed. Dr. Krieger, the evil mastermind, reveals that his latest genetically modified (and mindless savage) super-soldier is a great success, capable of eliminating more than ten armed soldiers. The commander of the island's armed forces, Jason Parker (Craig Fairbrass), protests against using humans as "target practice", but Dr. Krieger convinces him not to care, for the victims have not been his men, but mercenaries led by his right-hand woman, the sadist Katia Chernov (Natalia Avelon). At a newspaper office, again somewhere in Canada, young reporter Valerie Cardinal (Emmanuelle Vaugier) (and not Valerie Constantine, as she is in the video game) decides to go on a solo mission to investigate Dr. Krieger's top-secret island facility, despite her chief's protests. She is a journalist and not an undercover CIA agent, yet another deviation from the game's story-line. we understand that her Uncle Max (Ralf Moeller) works there, though it is not specified what work exactly he's doing, and that he has been feeding her information. We'd previously seen Max agreeing with Parker about how bad it is to use men as test subjects. Val hires Jack Carver to take her to the island, because her uncle Max has set a meeting up. Turns out that Uncle Max and Jack have served together in the army and have known each other for a long time. However, Uncle Max is captured by the evil mercenaries while trying to send Val an e-mail with more information, and is put to the same surgical "genetic" enhancements that the other mad super-soldiers have been put through, because the government has decided to shut the funding as the project is becoming more dangerous. Dr. Krieger hopes that Enhanced Uncle Max will be obedient and will help him get his cash back. (Note: The super-soldiers look nothing like "Far Cry's Trigens, by the way, and are simply people painted light blue, with no primate or "fat boy" varieties.) Jack and Val reach the island and Val goes off to meet her uncle whom she thinks awaits her, but she's ambushed by the evil mercenaries who are awaiting her instead of her uncle. Jack's boat is destroyed and he nearly gets away from the explosion, managing to save Val in the process. With our heroes hunted by the mercenaries, a long car chase ensues, until finally Jack's car is airlifted by a helicopter (don't ask how) and dropped into a lake, with the helicopter exploding (once again, don't ask). Jack and Val, having slipped their foes, find their way to an abandoned house where they get out of their wet clothes and, due to the cold night, share body heat (If the film took place on tropical islands as it should have, they wouldn't have had this problem...) in more ways than one. On the next morning, Val, upon Jack's inquiry, gives him two points "from the scale of one to ten" about his performance in the heat-sharing activities. This unexpectedly low rating seems to be more important to Jack than anything else that happens afterwards. Jack is determined to take a boat and get off the island, Val insists they get Uncle Max first - she doesn't know he's been "enhanced". They manage to infiltrate the bad people's HQ and Jack leaves Val to hide while he finds a boat. Val, however, hides in such a way that she is perfectly observable from a CCTV camera and soon enough, the mercenaries come and capture her as well. Dr. Krieger, ever the gentleman, gives her a tour of his facilities and shows her her enhanced Uncle Max. Uncle Max, however, is currently sedated and does not react at the sight of his niece. Meanwhile, Jack finds a food-laden boat along with its whiny captain, Emillio "The Food Guy" (Chris Coppola), who should not have even existed. Due to a misunderstanding or two, Jack briefly meets Parker the good soldier, and then knocks him out, and kidnaps the boat along with Emilio (who doesn't stop yelling in the most annoying way imaginable). After a considerably long boat chase, Jack and Emillio are finally stopped, captured and taken together, Emillio considered his accomplice. Dr. Krieger presents Jack to Val, (which gives her a chance to give him a key for his handcuffs), and then lets Uncle Max out and orders him to kill Jack. Jack manages to show him Val, and Max decides he isn't as bad as the rest of the "enhanced" soldiers and helps Jack defeat the other bad guys that Krieger turns on them. This results in Krieger releasing all of his mindless super-soldiers, who start murdering everyone. Krieger attempts to escape, but Parker, the good soldier, opposes his "hold the line 'till death" commands and orders his men (the soldiers) to evacuate first. Krieger however turns to Chernov(a)'s mercs and commands them to kill the soldiers and to escort him to his boat, along with Val who is still a hostage. After a long firefight and a "we're on the same side" talk between Parker and Jack, Parker gets killed by the evil Chernov(a) and his soldiers are decimated. The rest of the enhanced mutants take care of the mercenaries however, and Uncle Max saves Val and kills Chernov(a), though sacrificing himself. Jack is wounded in the process, and it seems that there are no more boats left to leave on, and the last of the mutants are getting closer. In that precise moment of desperation, Emillio, who had ran off sometime before, appears and saves the good guys while leaving Krieger to his doom. In the final scene, Jack and Val are talking on the pier. Val complains that the government has prohibited her story as a breach of national security. Jack shows her his new boat, which now features Emillio as the cook. Val leaves for work, promising that she'll return the next day, leaving Jack to conclude that his one-to-ten rating of two wasn't real. His day isn't left unspoiled, however, because his new boat's first passengers are the annoying whale-loving couple from the beginning of the film, come back to verbally torture him. In the final shot, Jack walks away and leaves Emillio to do the cruise himself.
tt1097643
Crime,Drama,Thriller
In the 1980s when the Irish civil conflict was at its most treacherous, 16-17 year old Martin McGartland was recruited by the British police to infiltrate and spy on the IRA. He lived his life under constant threat of exposure and subsequent guaranteed torture and death yet he continued because his information saved many lives. He enjoyed the buzz until one day he was discovered and had to escape against all odds. Inspired by a true story, to this day he is on the run. Marty McGartland, aged 16-17 street hustler from Ireland, living in the 1980s. He gets noticed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army, but thinks their cruel justice is no good. The British want to use Marty as well, because of his connection to the community undetected. The British police want him to infiltrate and spy on the IRA. Marty decides to work for the police because of his IRA dislike. He soon forgets his political preferences when his powerful position takes over. Despite fearing that the IRA will find out about his spying, he builds up a new sense of self esteem. Afraid his family and friends will be murdered if they are informed, Marty starts to lead a double life. Even his new girlfriend Lara knows nothing of his work. Things start to take their toll when the British sell them out. They explain their system could fall down and reveal Marty was their bait all along. The IRA capture and torture Marty, but he is able to escape. His best friend and former British police colleague finds Marty and decides to help him hide. Marty knows the IRA will turn to his family and is forced to make a decision, saving himself or his beloved ones.
tt1135092
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The Limits of Control is the story of a mysterious loner (played by Mr. De Bankolé), a stranger, whose activities remain meticulously outside the law. He is in the process of completing a job, yet he trusts no one, and his objectives are not initially divulged. His journey, paradoxically both intently focused and dreamlike, takes him not only across Spain but also through his own consciousness.
tt0417056
Comedy
When a dorm toilet explodes on the first day back to school, a group of misfit girlfriends are forced to leave their housing and search for a new home. They ultimately decide on pledging a sorority. However, not many sororities are normal at South Beach University. The girls decide to pledge the most popular and exclusive sorority at the university, Gamma Gamma, which is led by president Victoria English (Paris Hilton). While pledging the sorority, Victoria sends the girls to do a task: collect used condoms, while searching the park, the leader of the group Gloria bumps into Victoria's boyfriend Derek ('baby dick' called by Victoria) and they become close. The only reason Victoria plans to let the freshmen pledge is to display diversity, which is a requirement for the "FHM Hottest Sorority In The Country" contest. From then on, Victoria declares war on the girls during "Hell Week" but ultimately lets them join, only to kick them out once they have won the contest. This angers the leader of the misfit freshmen, Gloria, so she quits the sorority as does her friends. Derek and Gloria realize their feelings towards each other and seal it with a kiss. Gloria's ex-best friend, Kristen desperate for wanting to get into Gamma Gamma convinces Gloria to come back. Gloria and her friends come back but only to declare war on Victoria by sneaking into the Gamma Gamma house and stealing embarrassing photos and video footage of Victoria to show to everyone at the Gamma Gamma victory party. She also reveals to Victoria that she and Derek love each other and before kissing say, "Pledge This!". Victoria becomes embarrassed and eventually makes a public apology to the freshmen. The movie ends with a giant food fight at the Gamma Gamma party, and Victoria saying that she loved her cover of "FHM" so much she bought the magazine. Gloria becomes the president of Gamma Gamma the following year. And everyone is at peace.
tt0460792
Comedy,Drama,Romance
At the core of the ensemble drama is Don Anderson, the Marketing Director for the hamburger chain Mickey's, who helped develop the "Big One," its most popular menu item. When he learns that independent research has discovered the considerable presence of fecal matter in the meat, he travels to Cody, Colorado to verify if the local slaughterhouse, the main supplier for Mickey's, is guilty of sloppy production techniques. Don's tour of the processing plant shows him only the pristine work areas and most efficient procedures, but those with previous connections to the company alert him of all the horrors that were kept secret from him. Don slowly comes to the realization that the simple hamburger sold by Mickey's and everywhere else may not be as healthy as the public is led to believe it is. Secondary plots deal with the exploitation of illegal immigrants from Mexico, the expectations of fast food restaurant employees and how they are treated, and the efforts of a small group of young anti-corporate activists to save the cattle from horrendous conditions. The film ends with a glory scene in which real cows are slaughtered.
tt0338097
Drama,Romance,War
In a prologue, young Gilda Bessé, the daughter of a French aristocrat and an emotionally unstable American mother, reluctantly is told the life line on her palm doesn't extend past the age of thirty-four by a fortune teller. Fast forward to a rainy night in 1933, when she stumbles into the room of Guy Malyon, a working-class Irishman who is a first-year student on scholarship at Cambridge University. She has had a lover's quarrel with one of the dons, and rather than turn her out into the storm, Guy gallantly allows her to spend the night. Later, they become lovers, but the two are separated when Gilda's mother dies and she opts to leave England. Several years later, Guy sees her as an extra in a Hollywood film, and shortly after he coincidentally receives a letter from her inviting him to visit her in Paris, where she's working as a photographer. He discovers she is living with the Spanish-born nursing student/model Mia and has a lover, whom she quickly discards when Guy moves in. The trio are enjoying their unusual living arrangement, but world events are beginning to affect their existence. It is the height of the Spanish Civil War, and idealistic Guy, a long-time supporter of the army of the Second Spanish Republic, is determined to do what he can to help them as Francisco Franco's fascists gain strength. Mia, too, is anxious to come to the aid of her native land. Gilda, however, has no interest in politics or anything else that might disrupt her life of luxury, and pleads with the two to ignore the conflict, but they feel compelled to act and depart for Spain. Guy becomes a soldier, while Mia tends to the wounded. They cross paths one night and, before making love to Guy, Mia confesses she was Gilda's lover. In the morning, her ambulance is destroyed by a land mine, and after laying her to rest, Guy returns to Paris, where he is ignored by Gilda, who feels his abandonment of her was a form of betrayal. Six years later, Guy is working as a spy with the underground in occupied Paris under the auspices of British intelligence. He learns Gilda has taken Nazi Major Franz Bietrich as a lover and visits her in their old apartment, where the two make love. The following morning she tells him their affair is over and the two never can see each other again. D-Day is approaching, and Guy throws himself into his work. One day he arrives at a café to meet a contact, but instead is approached by Gilda, who has overheard her German lover's plotting a trap and has come to help him escape in cleric's clothing she has concealed in the restaurant's washroom. That night, he and his associates destroy a rail station, but only Guy manages to elude the German soldiers. Guy returns to London, where he discovers Gilda joined the Resistance a few years earlier. With the occupation of Paris having come to an end, he realizes the locals, who long regarded Gilda as a Nazi sympathizer and traitor, will seek revenge for what they perceive to be her lack of loyalty and patriotism. As he returns to Paris to find her, Guy is unaware Bietrich has been killed in Gilda's apartment and she has been taken captive by a mob intent on avenging the deaths of their loved ones. She is finally killed by a local youth to avenge the death of his sister. The movie ends with Guy reading the last letter written by Gilda.
tt1183251
Crime,Drama,Mystery
A high-profile criminal lawyer finds his bid for the governorship in jeopardy when an ambitious rookie journalist begins suspecting him of tampering with evidence in order to secure his many convictions in director Peter Hyams's remake of the 1956 Fritz Lang classic. Mark Hunter (Michael Douglas) has a reputation for putting criminals behind bars, and with elections approaching he seems a shoo-in for governor. But just how clean is the district attorney's record when held up to scrutiny? When hungry reporter C.J. Nicholas (Jesse Metcalfe) frames himself as a murder suspect in hopes of catching Hunter in the act, the two fierce rivals become caught up in a treacherous game of cat and mouse. But Assistant DA Ella Crystal (Amber Tamblyn) has no idea about her boyfriend C.J.'s latest assignment, and as the evidence against both men begins to pile up she begins to suspect that she's in mortal danger. And she's right. Now, as Ella discovers irrefutable truth of both C.J.'s innocence and her boss's shady dealings, the fate of two men rests in the hands of one woman whose life could be taken at any second. [D-Man2010] Fritz Lang's last American film is brought back to life thanks to writer/director Peter Hyams ("Narrow Margin") and stars Michael Douglas, Amber Tamblyn, and Jesse Metcalfe. Foresight Unlimited's remake follows a similar story of a novelist's investigation of a dirty district attorney that leads to a setup within the courtroom. [D-Man2010]
tt0357110
Drama
Jack Slavin (Daniel Day-Lewis), a Scottish farmer with a heart ailment, lives with his teenage daughter on an isolated island formerly occupied by a hippie commune, where he is struggling to keep landowners from building developments on the wetland. Daughter Rose (Camilla Belle) is a beautiful but isolated young woman with a passion for gardening. Since Rose's mother left them, Jack has homeschooled her and did not expose her to life beyond their island home. While Rose has no desire to change their lifestyle, Jack believes that they both "need a woman around." He travels to the mainland to ask his girlfriend Kathleen (Catherine Keener) to move in with him, along with her two sons. When she agrees and they show up, Jack breaks the news to a shocked Rose, who remains stoic and disdainful and from whom he had kept his relationship with Kathleen a secret. Kathleen struggles to adapt to the Slavins' rural lifestyle. Her sons Rodney (Ryan McDonald) and Thaddius (Paul Dano) are almost polar opposites: Thaddius is a sullen, rude delinquent, while Rodney is insecure and often overlooked. While she has a strained relationship with Kathleen, Rose develops unlikely bonds with her new "stepbrothers": Thaddius is attracted to her, but Rose does not like him. One night, after Rose spies on Jack and Kathleen in bed together, she decides to lose her virginity, and shocks Rodney by confronting him topless and asking him for sex. Rodney refuses, instead persuading her to let him give her a dramatic haircut, after which Rose calmly takes her father's shotgun and mis/fires it into Jack and Kathleen's bedroom as they sleep. A shocked Jack confronts Rose in disbelief, but the two end up giggling and seem to forget the event within minutes. Kathleen asks Jack about his relationship with his daughter, suggesting that Rose might have psychological problems that should be dealt with, which Jack denies. Meanwhile, Rose becomes friends with Rodney, the target of his mother's criticism for his being overweight. While the two fight constantly about his eating, Rose sees only Rodney's kindness and intelligence. However, still on a mission to lose her virginity, Rose's thoughts turn to Thaddius. While trapping a copperhead with which she intends to frighten Kathleen, Rose spies Thaddius and Red Berry, a visiting friend of Rodney's, having sex in the woods. Later that night, Thaddius enters Rose's room as she lies in bed. Though she dislikes him, she allows Thaddius to have sex with her, even offering a timid "thanks" afterwards. To irk her father, Rose hangs her bloodied bedsheet on the clothesline. Furious that his daughter has been "ruined", Jack gives Thaddius one day to leave. Meanwhile, Kathleen is cornered by the copperhead, which has escaped its cage in Rose's room, the resulting chaos putting the entire household on edge. That night, Rose holds a screening in her treehouse of a home movie about the hippie commune of which her dad had been a member. As the film rolls, Thaddius advances on Rose and is stopped by Jack. After a scuffle, Thadduis falls from the treehouse and is rushed to the hospital. Rose runs away to an unfinished development house where she hides out. Jack finally finds her, and offers to ask Kathleen to leave if it will bring Rose home. A distraught Kathleen demands $20,000 in exchange for leaving, which Jack pays. Jack returns to Rose's hideout, where she is overjoyed with his news that Kathleen is gone. That night, they share an incestuous kiss, with which Rose sees nothing wrong, but which causes Jack to break down in guilty tears. Jack's heart condition is worsening, and he gives up his struggle against the builders destroying the wetlands. He and Rose return home, where he dies within a few days. While Rose had originally planned to kill herself when her father died, after setting the house on fire and lying down next to Jack's body, she changes her mind and leaves the island. Two years later, we see Rose living in a commune, where she works in a greenhouse.
tt1409004
Drama
Jackie Kirk (Sarah Stouffer), a 19-year-old former child actress begins attending college in Bloomington, Indiana to get away from the public spotlight of Hollywood. During her first week there at orientation, Jackie catches the eye of an infamous, womanizing lesbian teacher, named Catherine Stark (Allison McAtee). Catherine invites Jackie over to her house and before long, both are in bed making love. Catherine and Jackie begin a secret and scandalous affair that draws Jackie away from the college social life. Catherine and Jackie grow closer as they help each other discover more about themselves, when suddenly Jackie gets the chance to return to acting. Catherine becomes uncomfortable with their situation, seeing how it could seemingly never work out, with Jackie having to constantly visit Catherine under the guise of her just being a "friend", as it would be hazardous for both of them for should their romance ever got out. Catherine attempts to distance herself from Jackie by trying to declare they were never in a formal relationship, and that Jackie is not worth it in Catherine's eyes, while Jackie claims Catherine is worth it. The next day Jackie shows up at Catherine's doorstep... beat up after defending Catherine's reputation. Catherine sees paparazzi taking pictures and quickly drags Jackie into the house. While Catherine is taking care of Jackie, she notices Catherine is wearing a dress. When questioned about it, she reveals she is attending a party, Jackie asks if she is going alone, Catherine says no but will not reveal her date, and will not let Jackie replace her date, claiming she would just be attention starved. Jackie offends Catherine by insulting her for not being financed by her own means. Jackie stays on the couch at Catherine's house when Catherine returns from the party, acting passive-aggressive towards Jackie, she brings her date, a male closer to her age, into her room, causing Jackie to leave. Jackie goes to a party and hangs out with college friends. After leaving for L.A. to set up for the release of a new show Jackie's been cast in, Catherine loses her job due to her relationship with Jackie being partially exposed. Months later, Jackie and Catherine are shown sleeping together one last time. Saying their goodbyes as a formal end to their romance, Jackie leaves the next day for her new role back in California.
tt0419294
Adventure,Crime,Drama
South of Texas, in the desert. A jeep driven by one man wearing army clothes stops on the road. The man and his buddy see coyotes in the distance eating something behind some rocks. The buddy shoots the coyote, and they both go to see what's happening. THE FIRST BURIAL OF MELQUÍADES ESTRADA Peter "Pete" Perkins (Tommy Lee Jones) goes to a south Texas hospital to find out what the forensics say about that death of his friend Melquíades Estrada (Julio César Cedillo), a Mexican cowboy hired by Perkins as his aid at the ranch where he is a foreman. Pete throws up because the corpse of Melquiades is badly decomposed from having been buried in a shallow grave. Police officers are busy running after immigrants and flirting with their girlfriends, and thus take no interest in this obvious murder case. A border patrolman, Mike Norton (Barry Pepper), promises his wife Lou Ann Norton (January Jones) a nice little house after moving to their Texas border town, Van Horn. Later he becomes very violent with one of the Mexican immigrants. She (Vanessa Bauche) was trying to run away during a crossing, but she stays back to defend her husband. Mike hits the lady with excessive brutality. Pete talks to another of the patrolmen. He's come back to the location of the murder and found .223 bullet casings in the area. However, captain Frank Belmont (Dwight Yoakam) doesn't want to worry about that; he is more concerned about getting a quiet breakfast from diner waitress Rachel (Melissa Leo), a married lady with whom he is having an affair. Violent Mike is told off by his boss, Captain Gómez (Mel Rodríguez), because there may be problems arising from his vile treatment of prisoners. When Mike goes home, his wife Lou Ann is more interested in her diet - although she is pin thin - and watching a soap opera than talking to him or even having sex with him, something which she allows him to do (for the few seconds he lasts) while she is watching TV. No passion there. When he finishes, Lou Ann is still looking at Mary (Jourdan Henderson) and John (Spike Spencer), the soap opera stars who are discussing their marital problems. Pete approaches one of the patrolmen and asks about the caliber of their ammunition, and he answers that it's .223. Although Pete doesn't say so at that moment, that detail makes him think that the his friend Melquíades was killed by one of the patrolmen of the area. THE SECOND BURIAL OF MELQUÍADES ESTRADA Finally, Melquíades is buried in an undignified grave at Van Horn's local cemetery. Mike is about to look at some porn and shit on some rocks during his border watch, but he is scared away because he hears shooting. He runs away with his trousers down and picks up his rifle. He shoots somebody. The police seem to think that Melquíades must have been involved in something fishy, but Pete does know for sure that he wasn't. Lou Ann complains that she's bored all the time. She used to be the most popular girl at school, and Mike used to be the most sought-after guy as well. Rachel consoles her, saying it takes time to get used to life along the border, or adult life, for that matter. Rachel invites Lou Ann on one of her motel flings with Pete (whom she also fools around with), and he brings his friend Melquíades to entertain Lou Ann. Being new to each other, they feel strange, until they start dancing to the sound of gentle country music. Melquíades is shooting a coyote to protect his goats, a sound that scares Mike. As it turns out, Mike shot and killed Melquíades. Two patrolmen, Belmont and Gomez, are discussing it while Rachel listens to their conversation. She tells Pete. Pete demands that Gomez go arrest Mike, but he won't do that. Pete starts watching Mike's home. Their neighbor (Karen Jones) is a lady who looks a bit demented, always taking out her quiet dog and staring at their neighbors. Pete decides to enter Mike's home at night. He points his gun at Mike in front of Lou Ann. He tells Lou Ann what her husband has done. Pete forces Mike to dig up Mel's body. He plans to force Mike to take the body to the home where Melquíades once lived. Pete had promised his friend Mel that he would bury him in Mexico, in the small town where he was born, called El Tostón. Pete forces Mike to go riding on a horse with him until they reach the town, while Mel's body is carried wrapped in a tent on another horse. THE JOURNEY The rest of the patrolmen go after Pete and Mike. Lou Ann seems to be all right. They all think that Pete's crazy, but Frank Belmont won't shoot him when they have the opportunity. One of the horses falls down a steep cliff. The patrolmen's car also gets stuck on the rocky dry soil. Pete forces Mike to stay close to the rotting corpse of Melquíades, which obviously stinks. Mike wakes Pete up because carnivorous ants are eating up Mel's body. Having already filled the body with antifreeze to preserve it, Pete then pours gasoline on the body and lights it to burn the ants away. A blind old man (Levon Helm) is listening to the radio in Spanish although he can't understand what he hears. He gives them shelter, food and water. He tells them that his son used to visit him once a month with food and money, but the son got cancer and probably died because of that. The blind old man asks them to shoot him, but Pete refuses on principle. Mike tells Pete that he's innocent, because Mel shot him. Pete falls off his horse, and Mike, instead of helping him, tries to run away. Pete is not hurt. Pete does not shoot Mike while he runs away, although he had the opportunity to kill him. Pete and his three horses go after him, slowly. Mike hides in a small cave, but a snake bites him, so he ends up screaming for help. A whole troop of police cars and helicopters follow Mike and Pete. They question the blind man, who tells them he saw nobody. The police leave. Meanwhile, a group of Mexicans has discovered Mike, still in his small cave and crying for help. They meet up with Pete, who asks whether they know anybody who could save Mike, and the leader suggests a lady "who is good with herbs." Pete hasn't got the 3,000 dollars which the leader requires to cross the border from the USA to Mexico. They reach an agreement. Pete puts a lasso around Mike and forces him to cross the river into Mexico. They seek out Mariana (Vanessa Bauche), who turns out to be the lady Mike beat so severely at the beginning of the film. At first she refuses to help the pathetic patrolman. Pete asks her to cure him as he needs to keep him alive. She heals him, but possibly in the most painful way possible. Lou Ann has meanwhile decided that enough is enough, Mike is beyond redemption. She says she is going to leave him forever, and she finally does so. Pete phones Rachel, who tells him that the patrolmen are after him and that Lou Ann has left. Pete asks Rachel to come down to Mexico and marry him, but she prefers to stay with Bob (Richard Jones). Pete is disappointed because she has told him that she loved him more than Bob. A sad Pete tells Melquíades' body that he's about to reach home. They make their way to El Tostón. They find a group of cowboys watching a soap opera on an old TV set, the same episode from when Mike had sex with Lou Ann in the kitchen. This makes Mike remember and cry. The cowboys asks what the performers are saying. Pete asks two women (Maya Zapata and Montserrat de León) about the woman in a photograph he has of Melquíades. Pete finds the woman and learns that Mel's ranch was in an area called Jiménez, outside of El Tostón, but it no longer exists. At last Pete brings Mike to what remains of Jiménez, the ruins of a house. Pete recognises the place for the beauty it was. THE THIRD BURIAL OF MELQUÍADES ESTRADA Pete and Mike try to build a new roof with some brunches and twigs, and mend some walls. Mike has to dig a tomb with a piece of stone. Finally, they bury him. Pete makes Mike kneel in front of the tomb and he forces Mike to say to Melquíades that he's sorry. He finally gives in - after Pete had to shoot several times. Mike cries that it was a mistake, that he didn't want to kill him, and that he's sorry. Mike falls asleep. Pete wakes him up with a kick. Pete lets Mike go. Mike admits that he always thought that Pete would end up killing him. To that, Pete simply replies that Mike can keep one of the horses. The horse is tied to the tree on which they put the photograph of Melquíades and his family. Mike shouts after Pete had already gone - asking him if he will be all right. ---originated by KrystelClaire.
tt0477095
Comedy,Drama,Romance
A period comedy set in 1985, the story chronicles the misadventures of Brian Jackson (James McAvoy), a student in his first year at Bristol University. A somewhat obsessive collector of general knowledge, Brian has been a fan since childhood of University Challenge. That TV show's famous catchphrase"Your starter for 10"gives the film its title. Upon arriving at university, he seizes upon the opportunity to join Bristol's University Challenge team. He promptly falls for his glamorous teammate Alice (Alice Eve), though he may have more in common with a counterculturalist chum, Rebecca (Rebecca Hall). Additionally, Brian finds himself caught between his new life, amongst the posh university set, and his old, with his working-class family and friends in the seaside town of Southend, Essex.
tt0455362
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Some Youngsters , a pack of Dogs, lots of blood and Gore. Well that's the short version, here's a little more detail. A group of teenagers visit an island where there uncle, an animal rights activist, used to live before he died and left them his house. The bookish older brother has agreed to come along with his younger brother despite having term medical papers to finish. They tell the others the site used to have a dog combat training site but the dogs were destroyed because of a rabies outbreak. The kids all kick back having a good time and while they are outside they see a little puppy and fuss over it and take it in the house. That night a dog comes looking for the puppy and ends up biting Sara. They chase the dog off and Sara decides to stay on the island instead of going to the mainland because she is advised that she has up to a week to get a rabies shot. That night she comes on to one of the guys but gets a little violent while kissing him and he backs off. Next day the guys go into the wood to see if they can "find something to shoot" with the bow and arrows that they have. While they are there they see a guy who has been attacked by the dogs who just has time to tell them that the dogs don't want them there before the dogs finish him off. They all decide to escape on the boat plane they flew in on but the dogs have chewed through the tether and are sitting on the wings waiting for them. While they are retreating they youngest brother accidentally shoots Niki through the leg while trying to shoot a dog that is attacking her. They decide to try and get the car from the garage but they have to cross to do that. Despite her injury Niki does this but can't get the car to start and narrowly escapes another attack from the dogs. All back in the house they try to settle back and relax for a while when the black guy has to go to the basement to fix the fuse when it blows only to find the dogs have a way in through the basement and they tear his throat out. The dogs chase them through the house and they all end up in the attic where they find some papers that suggest the uncle may have been involved with the dogs being trained at the combat site. They know they have to escape and decide to go across the island to the centre. The guys manage to get the car going but not before Sara sacrifices herself to save them by keeping eye contact with the dog to hold it still long enough to let the others get out, but the dog attacks her and she falls to her death. At the centre they discover that the dogs have genetically engineered and have gone out of control. They try to radio for help but cannot. Niki notices a cable is detached from the aerial and the guys try to fix it but get attacked by the dogs. Meanwhile the dogs corner Niki but she escapes with the aid of a leaking gas bottle and a fire. The guys are fighting dogs outside when she rolls up in the car and asks if they need a ride. They drive across the island and drive the car into the sea and make their way to a nearby yacht. Once on board they agree that they need to go for help but need a rest first. They open the door to go into a cabin and the last thing we see is a dogs fangs launching towards them gnashing and snarling...
tt0068638
Action,Crime,Thriller
Bank robber "Doc" McCoy (Steve McQueen) is paroled from a Texas state prison, somewhat to his surprise. His wife, Carol (Ali McGraw), has arranged for his parole by sleeping with the politically well connected but corrupt Jack Benyon (Ben Johnson). McCoy is aware of her actions, and it eats at him over the next several days. Benyon had McCoy sprung to rob a bank of $500,000. McCoy wants to use his own men, but Benyon insists that two criminals he knows -- Rudy (Al Lettieri) and Frank (Bo Hopkins) -- take part. McCoy reluctantly agrees. Along with Carol, the three men plot the robbery. The plan involves Rudy and Frank entering the front of the bank to control the crowd and then letting McCoy in the back door so he can crack the safe. While Rudy and Frank purchase the necessary supplies, McCoy and Carol scope the bank, drawing up a timetable for the robbery based on the arrival of employees. McCoy wants Rudy and Frank to wear bullet proof vests but Rudy refuses. Frank begrudgingly takes his. McCoy doesn't trust these men but has no choice but to go forward with the plan. On the day of the robbery, explosives are placed as a diversion on the outskirts of town. Frank and Rudy enter the bank and order everyone on the ground then let McCoy in the back. As McCoy is removing the money from the vault, the bank guard tries to pull his gun but is shot and killed by the enraged Frank. The three beat a hasty retreat. McCoy and Carol head to the meeting point in one car, while Rudy and Frank take another. On the way, Rudy shoots and kills Frank then pushes his body out of the car. At the meeting place, a deserted farmhouse, Rudy tries to kill McCoy and Carol as well but McCoy is a faster draw and shoots Rudy three times. Believing Rudy dead, McCoy and Carol drive off with the money. But Rudy was wearing Frank's bullet proof vest and was wounded only in the shoulder. McCoy and Carol go to Benyon's ranch. On the radio, they hear a news report about the robbery. It says $750,000 was stolen. McCoy confronts Benyon about the duplicity. Benyon admits that the robbery was staged to cover a short fall in his own business. He also goads McCoy with Carol's infidelity. As he does so, Carol quietly enters the room behind McCoy and points a gun at his back. But instead of killing McCoy as planned, she kills Benyon. McCoy and Carol leave but McCoy no longer trusts Carol. They decide to go to El Paso and hole up in a hotel McCoy frequently uses. Expecting him to do this, Benyon's associates send a scout to wait in the hotel to see if McCoy arrives. Rudy also surmises that McCoy will be heading to El Paso. He kidnaps a veterinarian and his wife, forcing to them to treat his gun shot wound and then drive him to El Paso. Harold (Jack Dodson) is scared but his wife, Fran (Sally Struthers) is turned on by the virile, gun-toting Rudy. She and Rudy openly have an affair, tying Harold to a chair in their hotel rooms and forcing him to watch as they have sex. Eventually, the despondent Harold commits suicide. McCoy and Carol decide to take the train to El Paso. While McCoy stashes their getaway car in the train station's garage, Carol puts the valise with the stolen money into a locker. Because the bag is heavy she accepts help from a stranger. However, the stranger turns out to be a con man (Richard Bright) who switches locker keys with her and steals the bag for himself. McCoy chases the con man onto the train but loses him briefly. In that time, the con man realizes what is in the bag and pockets one of the rolls of hundred dollar bills. When McCoy finds the con man, he beats him unconscious then gets off the train at the next station. He returns to San Antonio to pick up Carol. They will have to drive to El Paso. McCoy doesn't believe that the police have any way to connect him to the robbery. But when he comes to, the con man goes to the police. They find the roll of bills he pocketed and, seeing the bank's name imprinted on the band holding the roll together, realize whose trail they are on. They show mug shots to the con man and other witnesses from the train who confirm that McCoy was the man they saw. Soon television and print news reports are mentioning McCoy by name and showing his mug shot. When Carol and McCoy stop in a small town to buy a portable radio, the proprietor recognizes McCoy and calls the police. McCoy goes to a gun store and buys a pump action shotgun and shells. As the police arrive, McCoy confronts them. He disarms them then destroys their car. He and Carol drive off, then buy a different car in another town. One night, they stop for dinner at a drive-up hamburger stand. The wait staff recognize McCoy and call the police. McCoy and Carol lead them on a wild chase in which their car is also disabled. They hide in a trash dumpster but are unable to escape before it is emptied into a trash truck. They spend the night in the trash truck, then are emptied with its contents into the local dump at dawn. Carol tells McCoy she doesn't want to go on, as he clearly doesn't trust her. He apologizes, reaffirms his love for her and they walk to El Paso. Rudy has beat them to the hotel, however. The scout sent by Benyon's associates recognizes him and calls the associates. Believing that Rudy and McCoy intend to meet and split the money, the associates take the next plane to El Paso. Meanwhile, Rudy orders the hotel owner (Dub Taylor) to let him know when McCoy arrives. The hotel owner sends his wife and son away; when McCoy does arrive, he recognizes this as a sign that something is wrong. The owner informs Rudy as ordered but when Rudy and Fran try to coax McCoy and Carol into the hallway, McCoy beats them into unconsciousness. Meanwhile Benyon's associates have arrived. McCoy engages them in a shootout, killing them all. As he and Carol try to escape from the arriving police, Rudy tries to stop them one last time, but McCoy finally kills him. They make a trash collecting cowboy (Slim Pickens) drive them across the border. The cowboy is sympathetic to their outlaw status and encourages them to stay married. Once in Mexico, they buy his truck for $30,000 cash. As he happily walks back to El Paso, they drive farther into Mexico.
tt0092610
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
The New Zealand Astro Investigation and Defence Service (AIDS) sends Derek, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry to investigate the disappearance of everyone in the town of Kaihoro, North Island, New Zealand. They find the town has been overrun by space aliens disguised as humans. Barry kills one of the aliens and is attacked by others weilding sledge hammers. After Derek notifies Frank and Ozzy (whom are traveling on the road towards Kaihoro), he begins torturing Robert, an alien they captured earlier. Robert's screaming attracts a number of aliens in the area. Derek kills the would-be rescuers, but he is attacked by Robert and falls over a cliff, to his presumed death. Meanwhile, a charity bill collector named Giles is passing through Kaihoro. He is attacked by Robert, who has been eating the brains of the alien killed earlier by Barry. Giles escapes in his car and stops at a nearby house for help. Another alien (dressed as a chef) answers the door and captures Giles. He later wakes up in a tub of water and is told he is about to be eaten. Derek also wakes up to find that he landed in a seagull's nest. He also finds that his brain is leaking out the back of his head, so he stuffs it back in and uses a hat to hold it in place. That night, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry sneak into the aliens' house and find a room filled with bloody cardboard boxes. They kidnap an alien and Frank wears its shirt to infiltrate an alien meeting. He finds out that the residents of Kaihoro have been harvested for alien fast food for this intergalatic fast food chain called 'Crum's Country Delights'. Robert vomits into a bowl, which the aliens dine on, including the disguised (and disgusted) Frank. He escapes and tells the team members of the plan. They sneak out to save Giles as the aliens sleep. At sunrise, they try to leave but are attacked by the aliens. A long and climatic gun battle breaks out with dozens of ailens (wieling AK-47 assault rifles and various automatic weapons) battle the four humans. Derek joins in on the battle only to have his hat shot off, and he starts losing more of his brain, so he uses his belt as a headband. He grabs a chainsaw from the boot of his car and heads for the alien house. As the boys leave with Giles, the alien leader (Lord Crumb) and his followers transform into their true form and follow. Ozzy uses a rocket launcher to blow up Frank's car, which has been overrun by aliens. Frank and Ozzy hunt for Lord Crumb and kill a lot of more aliens along the way. Meanwhile, Derek kills an alien with his chainsaw and replaces the missing parts of his brain with alien brain. An alien prepares to shoot Frank and Ozzy, but it is beheaded by Derek after he bursts through the wall behind it. Frank and Ozzy are shocked to see him alive. As they run, Lord Crumb shoots Ozzy in both of his legs and Frank fires his rocket launcher at the leader, but it misses and almost hits Derek, finally taking out a sheep in a nearby meadow. Derek is knocked out by the alien leader and the house transforms into a giant space ship, which blasts off into space with Derek still aboard. On board, Derek looks out the window to see that he is leaving Earth. Lord Crumb hears a strange, loud noise and investigates. He is killed by Derek, who ambushes him and cuts the alien in half with his chainsaw. Derek proclaims into his phone: "I'm born again! I'm coming to get you bastards!" He then puts on the alien leader's skin, laughing maniacally as he rockets towards the alien planet where he will presumably kill the rest of the alien race (with just his one chainsaw). On Earth in the final shot, Frank, Ozzy, Giles, and Barry drive away into the sunset in Derek's car.
tt0278731
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Opening in the East End London in the 1950s, a deeply disturbed boy, named Dennis Clegg, nicknamed Spider (Bradley Hall), 'sees' his father (Gabriel Byrne) brutally murder his mother and replace her with a prostitute, Yvonne (Miranda Richardson). Convinced they plan to murder him next, Spider hatches an insane plan, which he carries through to tragic effect. Many years later, an adult Dennis 'Spider' Clegg (Ralph Fiennes) is released from a local mental institution and is given a room at a local halfway house catering to mentally disturbed persons. Clegg receives little care or attention from the landlady Mrs. Wilkinson (Lynn Redgrave). Clegg, in his new abode, starts piecing together or recreating in his memory to try to remember an apparently fateful childhood event. During the days, he roams the nearby derelict urban area and the local canal and starts to relive or visualize a period of his childhood with his mother and his father. A shift takes place in the child's psyche when he witnesses his mother groping with his father in the garden and, subsequently, when he sees his mother in a silky night gown she wore for his father. The son, as a grown man seems to recreate in his memory the buildup to his father's murder of his mother with the passive support of a prostitute he is involved with, who then moves into the house and is presented as his mother. The young son then kills the mistress by gassing her in the kitchen. After that memory he attempts late one night to kill the landlady whom he sees alternatively as the mistress and his mother, but backs away after she says, "What have you done Mr. Clegg?" In the final scene, Clegg is arrested by the authorities and taken back to the asylum.
tt0082533
Horror
Karen White (Dee Wallace) is a popular television anchorwoman. As the film opens, she is part of a sting operation intended to lead to the capture of a serial killer. The murderer, who has been dubbed "Eddie the Mangler" by the press, has developed an obsession with Karen, sending her messages and making phone calls to her. Under police surveillance, Karen agrees to meet with Eddie, much to the concern of her husband, Bill (Christopher Stone). Wearing a hidden microphone, Karen makes her way to an appointed meeting place with Eddie, which turns out to be an adult bookstore. As instructed, she makes her way to the peepshow booths at the back and finds Eddie's booth. Meanwhile, Karen's wire transmitter has stopped functioning, and unbeknownst to her, she is cut off from the police. They frantically send out an all-points bulletin to track her down. As Karen talks with Eddie, she sits with her back to him and he does not allow her to turn around and look at him. His sexual obsession with her becomes clear, and something about Eddie seems to change. He tells Karen to turn around and she sees something about him that terrifies her. As she breaks away from Eddie, police arrive and fire rounds into the video booth, killing Eddie. Outside, reunited with Bill and her colleagues, Karen can remember nothing about what happened inside the booth. Although Karen makes an attempt to return to work after her encounter with Eddie, she finds she is unable to perform when it's time to go on the air, suffering an embarassing breakdown during the live broadcast. In an effort to recover from her trauma, Karen visits her psychiatrist, Dr. George Waggner (Patrick MacNee). Waggner is also a well known author, and has written a pop psychology book that likens modern man to wild animals. Waggner decides to send Karen to The Colony, a rural retreat were select patients go to relax and participate in group therapy. Karen and Bill reach the Colony and discover that it is scenic, but the inhabitants are more than a little bit strange. The isolated forest location makes them feel cut off from the rest of the world, and Karen is disturbed by the strange howling that she hears at night. Karen befriends a woman named Donna (Margie Impert), and the two of them investigate strange animal noises one night to find a deer that's been torn to pieces by some other animal. Back in the city, Karen's colleagues Terry (Belinda Belaski) and Chris (Dennis Dugan), continue their investigation of "Eddie the Mangler". After finding out where Eddie used to be employed, they are able to locate his former apartment, covered in news clippings of his murders. They also find numerous sketches of people and places, one of them being a sketch of Karen. Terry plans on getting Dr. Waggner on board for a news piece she is developing, and Waggner seems surprised that Terry and Chris have uncovered Eddie's last name, which is Quist. Terry and Chris make the connection between Eddie and werewolves due to his drawings, which depict human beings transforming into animals. Investigating it as an angle to their story, they research the history of lycanthropy. A bookstore owner (Dick Miller) informs them about some elements of werewolf lore, including the fact that they cannot be killed by anything except fire or silver bullets. He even shows them a cache of real silver bullets that a customer ordered but never claimed. Following up on this information, Chris and Terry visit the morgue and ask to see Eddie's body, but it is mysteriously missing, and the door to the freezer compartment is severely damaged from the inside. Karen's group therapy sessions are not going well, as she becomes terrified every time she tries to remember what happened in the video booth. Her relationship with Bill is suffering as well, particularly their sex life. One of the Colony residents, a seductive woman named Marsha (Elisabeth Brooks), seems to have designs on Bill. Karen's new friend Donna says Marsha is a nymphomaniac, but Dr. Waggner says Marsha is simply misunderstood. Marsha seems to disagree with the doctor about his theories; she cares for a brother named T.C. (Don McLeod) who seems to be somewhat deficient, and she reacts with hostility when she finds him reading one of Waggner's books. Bill, who is a vegetarian, is pressued by the Colony men into going on a rabbit hunt with them, and he returns with a fresh kill. T.C. tells him to take it to Marsha and she will prepare it; Marsha instead tries to put the moves on Bill, who is obviously attracted to her. Instead, Bill angrily rebuffs her out of respect for Karen, and leaves her cabin. As he walks back to his own cabin, he is attacked by a large wolf, which pins him down and bites him on the shoulder. Dr. Waggner administers a rabies shot and bandages the wound. After Bill's attack, Karen is even more distressed, and she makes a frantic phone call to Terry and Chris asking them to come to the Colony. Chris sends Terry on her own ahead of him, planning on joining her there later. Karen is relieved to see Terry, telling her all about the strange things she has seen at The Colony. That night, Bill leaves the cabin after Karen falls asleep and meets Marsha in the woods, where they have sex by an open campfire. In the middle of their lovemaking, they both transform into werewolves. The next day, Terry goes out on her own, taking photographs and exploring the resort, and she is startled to discover that a particular vista overlooking the ocean from a cliff is the exact image of one of Eddie's sketches. A voice that seems to call her name lures her to Marsha's cabin, which is now deserted, and while Terry is taking pictures, a raging beast attacks the cabin, unseen by Terry. It chases her from room to room, breaking through each door, until she leaps from a window, injuring her ankle. She climbs inside a basement room for shelter but the beast corners her there, reaching inside with limbs that seem both animal and human. Terry seizes a Swedish carpenter's axe and amputates its arm, and it flees, howling in pain. Terry watches in horror as the wolf-like arm morphs into a human arm. Terry rushes to Waggner's office, finding it deserted. She phones Chris and tells him about how she was attacked, and how Eddie's drawings are of real places at the Colony. She is convinced that Waggner must be in on whatever is going on, and with Chris on the phone, she begins to go through Waggner's files. Terry finds a series of folders labeled Quist, one for Eddie, Marsha, and T.C., but before she can look at them, she is confronted by a huge wolflike creature that kills her while Chris listens helplessly on the phone. Panicked, Chris rushes to the bookstore and buys the silver bullets from the shop owner, then rushes to The Colony. Karen has a fight with Bill about the fact that he left the cabin in the middle of the night, and she knows he went to meet Marsha, especially when she sees him without his shirt and realizes he has long scratches on his back. Bill slaps Karen across the face and she leaves the cabin in a fury, taking her bag and going over to Dr. Waggner's office. She finds nobody there, but an examination table is set up with somebody lying on it. She pulls back the curtain and discovers Terry's body, the throat torn out and bloody. Karen is horrified, and suddenly she is confronted with Eddie, in human form. He speaks menacingly to her, angry that she tricked him by arriving with police. "I'm going to give you a piece of my mind," he says, and pulls a bullet out of his forehead. In a long montage, we see Eddie transform from a man into a werewolf. Karen watches in shock, but she finds a bottle of acid and hurls it into Eddie's face, scarring him and allowing her to escape. Chris arrives at Waggner's office shortly after the attack and is confronted by Eddie, who seizes Chris' rifle. Eddie is in human form again, but now hideously scarred from the acid attack. He replays Chris a cassette recording of Terry's murder, relishing her screams, and dares Chris to shoot him with the rifle. Of course Eddie does not realize it is loaded with silver bullets, and he dies when Chris shoots him. Chris meets up with Karen and they try and escape, but they're stopped by the colonists, who take them back to the main "meeting barn". Inside is Terry's body, surrounded by all of the colonists, who are all werewolves. Karen is dismayed to realize that even Waggner is a werewolf, and that they plan to kill both herself and Chris. Chris, however, still has the rifle, and he begins to shoot the werewolves. They soon realize that the gun is loaded with silver, and they begin to panic, transforming into wolf form and retreating from Chris back into the barn. Chris bolts them inside and together, Karen and Chris pour gasoline all around the barn and set it on fire. Inside they can hear werewolves screaming in agony as they are burned alive. As they try and escape, they are confronted by more werewolves who try and stop them, but they make it to their car. In one last attack, a wolf lunges through the back window of the car and bites Karen on the shoulder. They shoot it and it turns back into human form--it is Bill. "We have to warn people, Chris," she says. "Make them believe." Some time after the ordeal, Karen is ready to return to her news anchor position. She speaks kindly to her colleagues and is introduced to give a news report about her experience at The Colony; the blaze killed many "people" there, and has made headlines. Karen begins by veering from the approved script that appears on the teleprompter; people think she is having another breakdown, but Chris insists that Karen be allowed to continue. Karen tells the live audience that there is a secret society among them of shapeshifters, and that she has experienced it firsthand. She calls for everybody to aware of the threat, and in a final act, she announces that she will offer proof of her story. Karen begins transforming into a werewolf on live television, and people in the viewing audience give mixed reactions. Some people think it is a movie, while others think it's simply a hoax. After Karen is fully transformed, she looks sadly at Chris, who shoots her with a silver bullet, killing her. One man, watching from a tavern, announces that it was real, that Karen really did turn into a werewolf and they shot her. Also sitting at the bar is Marsha, who has obviously escaped the blaze, along with other werewolves. The cycle will continue.
tt0318411
Drama
In Ireland at the time the film is set, 'fallen women' were considered sinners who needed to be redeemed. The film follows the stories of four young women - Margaret ("guilty" of being raped by her cousin), Rose (unmarried mother), Bernadette (too beautiful and coquettish) and Crispina (mentally-handicapped single mother) - who are all forced by their families or caretakers to go to the Magdalene Asylum. The film details the disastrous lives of the four girls whilst they are inmates of the laundries, portraying their harsh daily regimen, their squalid living conditions and the oppressive nature of the Catholic faith at the time. Each woman suffers unspeakable cruelty and violence from the fictional Mother Superior, Sister Bridget, despite her appearance and outward demeanour. She is characterized as sadistic and almost inhuman at times, as conveyed through her merciless beating of Rose in full view of Bernadette, or when she mockingly laughs at Una as she hopelessly clutches at her fallen hair locks. It is never made explicit whether Sister Bridget needlessly behaves tyrannically or if she earnestly believes her actions necessary in the eyes of God (it could also be seen as internalised misogyny). The film also criticises the hypocrisy and corruption within the staff of the laundries, but it also intimates at the natures of the relationship between church and state in post-colonial Ireland. Sister Bridget relishes the money the business receives and it is suggested that little of it is distributed appropriately. Those who liken themselves to Mary Magdalene, who deprived herself of all pleasures of the flesh, even food and drink, eat hearty breakfasts of buttered toast and bacon while the working women subsist on oatmeal. In one particularly humiliating scene, the women are forced to stand naked in a line after taking a communal shower. The nuns then hold a "contest" on who has the most pubic hair, biggest bottom, biggest breasts and more. The corruption of the resident priest is made very clear through his fornication with Crispina. Three of the girls are shown, to some extent, to triumph over their situation and their captors. Margaret, although she is allowed to leave by the intervention of her younger brother, does not leave the asylum without leaving her mark. When she deliberately asks Sister Bridget to step aside for her to freely pass, and being sharply shot down, Margaret falls to her knees in prayer. The Mother Superior is so surprised, she only moves past her after the Bishop tells her to come along. Bernadette and Rose finally decide to escape together, trashing Sister Bridget's study in search for the key to the asylum door and engaging her in a suspenseful confrontation. The two girls escape her clutches and are helped to return to the real world by a sympathetic relative, their story optimistically ending when they board a coach bound for the ferry to Liverpool. Crispina's end, however, is not a happy one; she spends the rest of her days in a mental institution where she dies of anorexia at age 24. The epilogue to the film gives a brief description of the lives of four of the inmates after the girls leave the asylum by the late 1960s but according to one source these "biographical details" are fictitious. They are actually details of real women interviewed who "inspired" the characters in the film, even though the stories in the film were fictionalized and varied substantially from the true stories (for example, the real women did not all know each other, and one, not herself a Magdalene, was raised in an orphanage associated with an adjoining Magdalene laundry). It is noted that the last Magdalene asylum closed in 1996.
tt0386741
Animation,Action,Sci-Fi
The film opens in a future Paris with scenes establishing the kidnapping of 22-year-old scientist Ilona Tasuiev, who works for the megacorporation Avalon. The focus transitions to police captain Barthélémy Karas, as he defuses a hostage situation by killing the hostage-takers. Afterwards Karas is given the job of solving the mystery surrounding Ilona's disappearance. Karas begins by contacting Dr. Jonas Muller, a former Avalon scientist familiar with her. Muller had been working to cure progeria, a genetic condition which affected his brother. Muller worked for Avalon as their top scientist but left after he failed to find a cure and his brother died. He took up new work at a free clinic. Muller tells Karas that "No one ever leaves Avalon", throwing the corporation under suspicion. Karas visits Paul Dellenbach, one of Avalon's CEOs and questions him about Ilona. On suggesting he may have been sleeping with her, Dellenbach replies "I sleep with my wife, I sleep with my secretary, I even sleep with my sister-in-law but I would never sleep with one of my researchers". After following a series of dead ends, control tells Karas they are tailing Illona's car through Paris. Eventually he captures the driver after a chase which ends at the Eiffel Tower. The man turns out to be a henchmen of Farfella, an Arab Muslim mobster and a childhood friend of Karas. The police captain returns the criminal to Farfella who in return gives him security footage of Illona's kidnapping; it shows her car being stolen by an incredibly old man. Karas asks Ilona's sister, Bislane, who works for Avalon to break into the company's Archives to discover what Muller was researching. The sister discovers that a Dr. Nakata worked with Muller in a quest to find a cure for progeria. But they destroyed all evidence of their work when some of the children they were testing on started to mutate. Karas and Bislane then escape because accessing the closed file has alerted Avalon security. Later Karas opens up to Bislane and tells her that he and Farfella were raised in the casbah where they worked with gangs. After a drug run went wrong, they ended up in a holding cell. Farfella escaped but Karas was left to the mercy of the other gang. Karas puts Bislane under false arrest to protect her from Avalon. Meanwhile, Ilona is shown confined in a cyber ball which is being controlled by the old man. Eventually Karas tracks down Muller. He explains that he took Ilona because through her research she has discovered the secret to eternal life (as he himself did 40 years ago); but knowing what the consequences would be if Avalon acquired such knowledge, he kidnapped her. Karas tries to encourage the old scientist to hand himself in but Muller is mistakenly shot by a police marksman. Karas then deduces that the mysterious old man is Muller's younger brother: now immortal but trapped in an elderly body. Karas calls on Farfella who hides Bislane from Avalon while also getting a fake passport for Ilona. However the mega-corporation's security are also closing in on the Parisian sewer where Ilona is being held captive. After a short battle, Karas is mortally wounded rescuing Ilona. However she refuses to take the fake passport to start a new life. Instead she tells Karas she wants immortality by giving her discovery to Avalon. Reluctantly Karas shoots her in the back as she walks back towards Avalon security. CEO Dellenbach watches all this happen through a live feed from one of his men's helmet camera. As Karas lies mortally injured from a gunshot wound, he imagines himself apologising to Bislane for killing her sister for which she forgives him. The film closes with Muller's little brother living as a tramp, throwing his picture of him and his brother into a burning bin. The final scene shows an advert for Avalon with an old woman becoming young again saying, "With Avalon, I know I'm beautiful and I'm going to stay that way."
tt0114916
Drama,Romance
A professor at a Christian college begins to question her sexuality after a chance encounter with a female performance artist.
tt0069945
Comedy,Sci-Fi
An incoming message from Earth arrives to the spaceship. Watkins (Miles Watkins) says that the trip is being broadcast live. The messages take around ten years to arrive. There was a radioactive leak, and Commander Powell (Joe Saunders) died. In consequence, there is a week of mourning on Earth, all flags are half-mast, but Congress won't pay for a radiation shield. "Dark Star" is the spaceship. Talby (Dre Pahich, with the voice of John Carpenter) is one of the astronauts, and he falls asleep. The crew can speak to Bomb 19 (Alan Sheretz's voice), which destroys a planet. Dark Star goes to hyperspace and leaves the hell out of there, watching the explosion from far away. The computer (Cookie Knapp's voice) says that they've destroyed the last unstable planet on that system. However, the computer finds another unstable red-dwarf planet, so they have to go and check it out. Francis Boiler (Cal Kuniholm) puts on some country music on the radio. On the ship's log, we can hear that a part of the ship self-distructed. They are dancing to the sound of funky music. The computer tells about something on collision course, and the defence system was destroyed some time ago, so they try to do something manually. A thunder activates a bomb. Bomb 20 (Adam Beckenbaugh) is deployed, but luckily, the computer overides the orders and Bomb 20 finally goes back to its place. Images of a hole around the destroyed laser machine. Lt. Doolittle (Brian Narelle), Sgt. Pinback (Dan O'Bannon) and Talby go to their room. They sleep in the same place, and it looks like an aparment from the projects in the 60's. One of them makes music with empty bottles of liquor. Talby should be watching the ship, but he's always sleeping. He is advised to see the rest of the ship. He says that space can be wonderful and full of colour, and Doolittle says that he misses Earth and Mars as well. Francis Boiler starts shooting a square of metal just to distract himself, although Pinback tells him not to do it. The computer tells Pinback about the alien going awry, telling him that it was his original idea to bring him into the ship. The alien (Nick Castle) is a beach ball with legs. It doesn't want to eat. Pinback brought it in because he thought it was fine. Pinback is cleaning up the alien's mess when it attacks him. The alien leaves the room. Pinback gives it a plastic toy, and it eats it, but when Pinback goes to pick the broom, the alien is not there. It holds the broom and hits Pinback with it. Pinback looks for the alien in the bowels of the ship. Pinback uses a plank to go to the alien. A sign says "Emergency air lock interior room". The alien goes around Pinback and takes the plank away. He tries to cross the shaft, although the corridor is very narrow. It is the lift shaft, and the computer says that it's been activated. Pinback tries to move on towards the alien, but it attacks him. He falls down, but can hold onto the thin layer of passway. The alien jump and tickles Pinback. The lift seems to stop when Pinback interrupts it. The lift goes up again, with Pinback holding onto an outer metalic handle. The alien turns onthe laser, which makes all the systems go crazy. Meanwhile, Doolittle and Talby have kept on talking. Bomb 20 has received a signal to ignate itself again. The computer tries to reason with it, saying that it was an error again. Bomb 20 finally agrees, but it says that that was going to be the last time. The lift stops at the third floor, and Pinback thinks of jumping out. He unscrews a floor trap and gets onto the lift. He gets stuck. He tries to use the phone for help, but it's out of order. He presses another button, and opera music resounds. The lift keeps going up and down for no apparent reason. He presses another button to clean the lift, and presses 1, which will make the lift clean itself. Finally Pinback leaves the lift amid a mist of smoke and with a metalic lid around his waist. Now, at this moment, he's really pissed off, so he goes to pick and anesthetic gun. Soon enough, he finds the alien, cornered somewhere. He shoots the alien, who flies all over the place, and ends up deinflated. Pinback talks about his ordeal to the rest of the crew. They have lunch togethertalking about Talby being mentally unstable. Talby goes to the computer room, and says to Doolittle that the computer has found the malfunction in the ship. Powell left a message, saying that he doesn't intend to come back to Earth. Pinback checks his past diary logs, stating that nobody recognises his good qualities, and that nobody said "happy birthday" to him. The computer has finally found the malfunction: it's the laser. However, everybody is sound sleeping but for Pinback. Eventually, they find the unstable planet. Bomb 20 is deployed. Pinback is in the emergency air lock, where there is a door which can be opened without depressureization. There, there is the laser who works badly. Nobody wants to hear Pinback, because they are busy with the deployment of Bomb 20. The laser is turned on, and it shoots inside the ship. The laser makes Pinback blind, and he crosses the path of the laserbeams. This creates further malfunctions, so they can't drop the bomb. Everybody panics on the bridge because the explosion sequence goes on, and Bomb 20 refuses to turn itself off. The computer will only contain the damage done to the ship by Bomb 20 up to a certain degree. They have to ask Powell, in the cryogenic deep-freeze compartment, what could be done. Powell asks about the Dodgers, and complains that he's lonely. When he is about to give a suggestion, the mike has a malfunction, and then Powells forgets about it. Pinback tries to reason with Bomb 20 while Doolittle questions Powell. Doolittle goes out to space and talks to Bomb 20. DOOLITTLE: How do you know that you exist. BOMB 20: Intuition. DOOLITTLE: You can't base everything on intuition. BOMB 20: I think, therefore I am. and the dialogue goes on and on like that. Bomb 20 agrees that its experience of the outer world depends on possibly wrong information. It says that it'd be nice to keep on discussing the matter with Doolittle, but that it has no time, because it will go off in 49 seconds. Meanwhle, Boiler tries to shoot the bomb. In the fight with Pinback, he almost shoots him. Doolittle tells Bomb 20 to consider what his purpose in life is. To explode, of course, says Bomb 20. As it can only explode once, it wouldn't like to explode at the wrong time, would it? Of course not, says Bomb 20, but as it had admitted before that it had no proof that the outer world does exist. 9 seconds, says Bomb 20, and my memory is very good. It has no proof that the orders are either wrong or correct. Bomb 20 goes back inside Dark Space to think futher about the matter. Doolittle tries to rescue Tanby, who was shot out of Dark Space. Now, Bomb 20 thinks that no order coming from the outer world can be reliable, so it explodes itself happily although Pinback tries to reason with it. Tanby and Doolittle are left stranded floating in space. Powell goes flying away wrapped in a bath of ice. Doolittle falls to the planet they wanted to destroy, Tangy gets kida trapped in a travelling concusion of lights, so that he'll be travelling through the universe forever. Doolittle uses a piece of debris to surf down to the red planet. ---written by KrystelClaire
tt0486640
Action,Comedy,Crime
September 11, 2001. Two Al Qaeda terrorist pilots, Asif and Nabi, are seen in the cockpit of an airborne aircraft flying to an unknown destination. Nabi begins arguing with Asif about martyrdom and about according to Islamic tradition, how many virgins one martyr will get upon entering Heaven. Nabi even goes as far as to phone his boss about the number and after they agree that the number isn't satisfactory, they agree to divert their plane from their target to the Bahamas where there are hundreds of virgins on vacation there. Suddenly, the cockpit door comes crashing down as the passengers stage a revolt against their captors (shades of Flight 93). But nevertheless, the plane keeps on going and crashes into the first building of the World Trade Center, killing everyone in the towers, as well as an unfortunate window washer on a scaffolding. Six years later. In the small town of Paradise, Arizona, a volatile young man, known only as the Postal Dude (Zack Ward) lives in a trailer park with his morbidly obese wife, who's known only as the Dude's Bitch. After losing his job at a local post office, the Postal Dude goes to another job interview at a local office where he is mocked by the cynical employment worker. The Dude gets a coffee at a local Starbucks where he is served by an attractive young barista, named Faith (Jackie Tohn), who is the only person who seems friendly to the Postal Dude in this misanthropic town they live in. The Dude tells Faith that he's more than a little angry about his life and is desperate to get enough money to finally leave this dead-end town. After the Dude goes to a local unemployment office, he is treated badly by the tellers who tell him to wait, until another customer goes "postal" and begins shooting up the place with a handgun, killing many customers. The Dude tries looking for the shortest ticket number on the dead victims in order to skip ahead in line, but eventually gets thrown out by the ungrateful and mean workers. The Dude decides to team up with his Uncle Dave (Dave Foley), a slovenly con artist-turned-doomsday cult leader who owes the U.S. government over a million dollars in back-taxes. With the help of Uncle Dave's right hand man Richie (Chris Coppola) and an army of big-breasted, scantily clad cult members, the Dude devises a plan to hijack a shipment of 2,000 Krotchy Dolls, a rare, sought-after plush toy resembling a giant scrotum. Uncle Dave plans to sell them online on eBay, where their prices have reached as high as $4,000 a doll. Unbeknownst to them, Osama bin Laden (Larry Thomas) and his group of Al-Qaeda terrorists, who had been secretly hiding in Paradise since September 11, under the watchful eye of bin Laden's best friend President George W. Bush (Brent Mendenhall), are after the same shipment, but for entirely different reasons. Hoping to outdo the catastrophe of 9/11, they plan to instill the dolls with Avian influenza and distribute them to unsuspecting American children. The two groups meet at the shipment's destination, a Nazi-themed amusement park called Little Germany. A fight between the Little Germany park creator (Vince Desiderio) and the theme park owner (Uwe Boll) (which ends with Boll being shot in the genitals, confessing "I hate video games"), sparks a massive shootout between the cult, the terrorists and the police, resulting in the death of dozens of innocent children. The Dude and the cult are able to get away with both the shipment and the park's opening day guest Verne Troyer, pursued by Al-Qaeda, the police and a mob of angry citizens. During the chase, the Dude runs over the unemployment clerk who snubbed him earlier. Upon returning to their compound, which has been overtaken by the terrorists, the Dude, Uncle Dave and the rest covertly sneak into the compound's underground bunker, where Richie reveals that he must now fulfill the prophecy foretold in Uncle Dave's fictional Bible: to bring about the extinction of the human race. As per Uncle Dave's Bible, the event initiating the apocalypse is the rape of a "tiny entertainer" by a thousand monkeys. After Verne Troyer is quickly thrown into a pit of chimpanzees, Richie shoots and kills Uncle Dave, then imprisons the Dude. The Dude manages to escape the compound with a plethora of weapons, deciding to wage a one-man war against Al-Qaeda, his uncle's murderer, his cheating wife, the police and the many people who want him dead. On the way to his trailer (where he plans to blow up his spouse), he meets up again with Faith who joins forces with him after an explosive gunfight at the trailer park. After calling a truce to the fighting, The Dude makes a heartfelt, but futile monologue about war, the Dude and Faith proceed to kill all the terrorists, as well as most of the bloodthirsty townspeople, the remains of the now-mad cult, his wife, and her multiple lovers by blowing up his trailer. In the midst of the shootout, Osama bin Laden, despite being wounded, escapes to a payphone, where he calls George Bush in the White House for help. Bush sends a helicopter to save him and plans for the two to rendezvous. Having won their war, the Dude, his dog, and the barista Faith drive away in a stolen police car. They casually turn on the radio, only to learn that Bush has blamed the day's shootouts and explosions on China and India, and has been "forced to destroy both countries with nuclear force". China, in retaliation, has unleashed 30 nuclear missiles towards America, which are scheduled to hit in under two minutes. But the Dude no longer cares as he now has left Paradise and will enjoy his last minutes with his true soul mate Faith. The film's final shot features President Bush and Osama bin Laden skipping through a field together, hand-in-hand. As mushroom clouds explode on the horizon, Osama laughs and says, "Georgie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship". At that moment, all of the nuclear missiles hit, and the world is destroyed.
tt0082869
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
Set in the distant future, Federal Marshal William T. O'Niel (Sean Connery), is assigned to a one-year tour of duty at Con Am 27, a titanium ore mining outpost on Jupiter's third moon Io (pronounced "eye-oh"), a volcanic moon about 2,275 miles in diameter and located 275,000 miles from Jupiter's gas surface. Conditions on Io are difficult - gravity is 1/6th that of Earth with no breathable atmosphere, atmospheric work-suits are cumbersome, and miners carry around their own air supply whilst working. Shifts are long but significant bonuses are paid as incentives to boost production. Explaining in an opening disclaimer, Con Am 27 is franchised to Con-Amalgamate by the League of Industrial Nations located on Earth. The colony's population is 2,144 men and women (1,250 labor, 714 support personnel, and 180 administration and maintenance crew). It is policed by a force called Administrative Level 4 and above. Mark Sheppard (Peter Boyle), the head of the mining colony, boasts that since he took over the running of Io productivity has broken all previous records. Trouble begins in the mines when a worker named Tarlow (John Ratzenberger) suffering an attack of the DT's, rips open his work-suit which then decompresses, killing him. Shortly thereafter another miner Cane (Eugene Lipinski) enters a lift to the mine without wearing his work-suit, and likewise dies from decompression. With the assistance of Dr. Lazarus (Frances Sternhagen), O'Niel starts an investigation into these deaths. However, before he can complete his work there is a further incident, this time involving a worker Sagan (Steven Berkoff) threatening to kill a prostitute with a knife. At the scene of this incident O'Niel attempts to calm the man and enter the room by the main door, whilst Montone, O'Niel's sergeant (James B. Sikking), enters the room via an overhead air duct. Montone shoots Sagan dead before O'Niel can talk with him. O'Niel takes a sample of blood from the dead Sagan in the morgue and has Lazarus examine it in her lab. It is here where they both discover the one thing all the deaths have in common that all of the miners had a lethal amphetamine-type drug, called "polydichloric euthimal" in their bloodstream. Lazarus explains that the drug allows the miners to work continuously for days at a time until they become "burned out" and turn psychotic. O'Niel uncovers a drug ring to distribute the drug to the miners, run by Sheppard and effectively sanctioned by Montone. O'Niel confronts Sheppard, but the administrator smugly informs him that nobody wants the drug shipments stopped; production is up, the workers are happy, the corporate owners (Consolidated Amalgamated) are also happy, therefore Sheppard is happy. O'Niel vows to expose the entire scheme. Meanwhile, O'Niel's wife (Kika Markham), frustrated that he considers justice more important than his family, leaves him a message pleading with him to return with her to Earth. By the use of surveillance cameras, O'Niel pursues and captures one of Sheppard's drug dealers, Spota, and places him in isolation. However, before he can be questioned by O'Niel finds Spota dead in his isolation chamber. Montone is then found garroted in his quarters. O'Niel does however manage to obtain and destroy the latest consignment of drugs which has been hidden in a food shipment recently arrived from the Jupiter Space Station. When Sheppard is informed, he contacts his company rep and supplier aboard the orbiting space station about 70 hours away from Io and informs him of the situation and summons two professional hitmen to kill O'Niel, but his message is monitored by O'Niel. Sheppard also tells his unseen contact that he has an "inside man" also ready to kill O'Niel if need be. The company rep warns Sheppard that if his men fail to kill O'Niel, the next assassins the company sends will be coming after Sheppard. At this point, the film evolves into a 'High Noon' situation as O'Niel waits during the 70 hours it takes from the shuttle to travel from the space station to arrive at Con Am 27. The fact that the shuttle is bearing professional assassins is spread around the facility, and O'Niel's attempts to defend himself by organising resistance fall on deaf ears as no-one is prepared to risk their lives to help him. Aware that he may not survive, O'Niel last's act is to send a message to his wife and son that he will join them on their trip home to Earth. The shuttle arrives early. Over the surveillance cameras, O'Niel sees the two assassins, armed with high-tech rapid firing shotguns, separate from the rest of the miners and go hunting for O'Niel. With the sole assistance of Dr. Lazarus, O'Niel engages in a desperate kill-or-be-killed chase through the colony before dispatching the assassins. After being wounded in an ambush by one of the assassins. O'Niel dons a space suit and goes out and kills one of the assassins when Dr. Lazarus traps him in an umbilicus corridor and O'Niel depressurizes it to kill the assassin. O'Niel dispatches the next assassin who enters the colony's greenhouse and tricks him into shooting at a falling object outside the glass where the greenhouse depressurizes after one of its windows is shot out and the assassin is swept out by the vacuum to his death. While still outside, O'Niel comes face-to-face with the last assassin: his very own Deputy Ballard (Clarke Peters), armed with a shotgun, who follows him out and attempts to kill him. O'Niel engages in hand-to-hand combat after he disarms him. O'Niel pulls out an oxygen tube to the assassin's spacesuit and the deputy too dies from depressurization. Afterward, a wounded and exhausted O'Niel confronts Sheppard in the outpost's bar where all the other colony employees have gathered and punches him out. O'Niel's tour of duty is complete and he retires, leaving on the shuttle to the space station so he can accompany his family back to Earth.
tt0096454
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
Sherlock Holmes is real, except he's a fake. It's a world where the London public reads the mysteries of the greatest living detective, as chronicled by his friend Dr. Watson, in the Strand Magazine. The story begins as one such adventure ends, with the famous pair catching some criminals in the act. The familiar Inspector Lestrade arrives with enough manpower to make the arrests. Holmes dramatically declares the case closed. Once everyone's gone, Watson loudly calls Holmes an idiot. On the carriage ride back to Baker Street, Holmes meekly asks what mistakes he's made, but is more concerned with impressing reporters that await them at the entry stairs. After going indoors, an argument ensues with Missus Hudson taking Watson's side. It is clear that Watson is smarter than the average doctor whereas the well-known genius of Sherlock Holmes is just a facade known only to the three of them. Watson and Hudson have had enough. Watson visits the offices of the Strand Magazine and confesses the backstory. He solved the Study in Scarlet (Holmes' famous first case) by himself. But the timing coincided with his medical license renewal, and he didn't want the stuff-shirt review board distracted by his moonlighting as a mystery solver. So he claimed to have met a detective who'd done the job. Gossip spread and many wanted a face to go with the made-up name. Watson therefore sought a stage actor, not realizing he'd have to hire him full-time. Enter Reginald Kincaid, a great one for maintaining a character, but secretly a bungling alcoholic. At cost of exposing his own great lie, Watson has now chosen to fire his fake Holmes, but perilous circumstances may make their parting fatal. Watson finds it harder than expected to escape Sherlock's shadow, and Reginald is stuck trying to solve his hardest case yet with no real head for detection. Meanwhile, Professor Moriarty has stolen printing plates to mint his own money, and may already know the sad secret of Sherlock Holmes.
tt0308152
Adventure,Horror,Mystery
On his way to Christmas dinner at his mother-in-law's, Frank Harrington (Ray Wise), driving on an unknown road with his family, falls asleep and almost crashes into another car going in the other direction. Miraculously nobody is hurt and the other car is nowhere to be seen. Back on the road, Frank sees a woman in white (Amber Smith) with a baby in the surrounding woods. He drives back and finds no one there. However, while he is looking, the Woman in White appears at his window. He asks her if she is fine as it is apparent that she is in shock and wounded on her forehead. He asks Brad (Billy Asher) to check if he can use his mobile phone to call 911 but these is no signal on the network. Frank invites the woman to have a ride in their car because on the way they spotted a cabin not far away. Marion (Alexandra Holden) decides to give her seat to the woman and walk to the cabin as she is suffering from traveling sickness. The rest of the family on the car try to talk to the woman, but she does not respond and they assume she is in shock. Frank then stops at a roadside cabin. Richard (Mick Cain) leaves to go and masturbate in the woods, and Frank and Laura (Lin Shaye) enter the cabin, leaving Brad alone with the woman in the car. She starts to talk to him, then reveals that her baby is dead. Brad screams and Frank and Laura rush back to the car, only to find that the woman and Brad have disappeared. While the rest of the family are looking for him, Marion, still on her walk, sees Brad in the back window of a black hearse which slowly drives by. Marion runs to her parents to tell them that Brad has been taken, and they go after the car. However, they are forced to stop again because they go over a bump in the road. They find out that the bump is Brad's dead body and Marion faints upon seeing him in his gruesome state. The others carry her into the car and start driving again. Laura announces that her watch stopped at 7:30 P.M., and that all of the other clocks they have also stopped at that time. Richard seriously suggests the possibility of alien activity, but his idea is dismissed. The family then sees a black baby carriage in the road and they stop. Richard gets out to investigate, and plays a joke on his parents, peering in the carriage and pretending that something in there is eating him. Frank and Laura start fighting and Richard tries talking to Marion, who is in shock and does not respond. Richard realizes that the carriage is back in the road and tells his parents, who assume he is playing another joke. Frank moves the carriage once more and resumes driving. He and Laura begin another heated argument, and Marion suddenly announces she is pregnant. This is followed by Richard confessing that he is doing drugs. On their next stop, Richard heads into the forest to smoke and encounters the Woman in White. They begin to kiss, but the woman suddenly rips Richard's lower lip off. Richard then says he loves her, and the woman lets her dress slip off to reveal herself nude, and Richard is suddenly taken aback in horror by the sight. While fixing the car, the family sees Richard in the back of the same slow, black car from before and runs after it. Realizing this is fruitless, they start to chase after the vehicle in their own car, but encounter yet another bump in the road. They stop and see that it is Richard's burnt dead body. Laura, devastated, reveals that Richard was not Frank's son, but was the result of an affair she had in the past. Nevertheless, they put the body in the back of the car, Frank stating that Richard was still his son. Back on the road, Laura begins to show signs of insanity, acting childishly and even drawing a picture of Brad's dead body. Frank sees a sign for a destination called "Marcott". He believes this is a naval base, and that they are on a military road which does not appear on the map. In the car, while Laura is sleeping, Frank tells Marion about a story from his childhood: A family in a car encountered a little girl with a school book on the side of the road. They picked her up, but while they were driving, they heard a scream in the back of the car and saw that the girl had disappeared. All that was left was her school book and that book had the last name "Rose". They remembered that everyone in the Rose family had died in a car accident. Frank thinks this connects to their situation, but Marion dismisses his story as folklore. When Laura awakes, she has to vomit, so they stop the car again. She sees a gun in the car, which was going to be a Christmas present for her "gun-obsessed" brother. In her childish, confused state, she believes that the gun is a toy and threatens her husband and daughter with it. Frank angers her by telling her that Richard is dead and she must accept reality, so she shoots him in the leg. However, Marion cleans the wound and they go on the road again with Marion now driving. Laura claims she can see faces outside of the window, but that they all "look so sad". She sees a friend of hers who is dead, and tells Frank to stop the car so that she can see her. Frank refuses, so Laura opens the car door and jumps out. Frank and Marion stop and see that Laura is taken by the hearse. Frank shoots at it, causing it to stop. Laura stumbles towards them. She says she is fine but that her head hurts. Feeling it, she realizes that the back of her skull is split open. She then starts rubbing her brain and relives a night with Alan, the man she had an affair with, and her telling her father she made the cheerleading squad before dying. Frank, distraught, closes her eyes and puts her in the back of the car. Marion and Frank think it is hopeless. Frank puts the gun to his chin, but Marion stops him and they begin to drive on the road again. On their way to Marcott, Frank explains to Marion that Alan was a friend of his back in Detroit. He tells her that Alan had come to him for advice about a married woman he had been having an affair with, wanting to know whether or not to continue with it. Frank encouraged him, reminding him he only lived once. The last time Frank saw Alan was when he told him that the married woman (Laura) wanted to end the affair because she now had a little girl (Marion). Frank starts drinking from a bottle of whiskey, another family Christmas present. His drinking angers Marion, who throws the bottle out of the car window. Growing tired of driving on the endless highway, Frank says they must now try to escape through the woods as it is clearly the only way. However, after passing through it, they find they have gone full circle and are back at the car. They start driving again, and Frank makes a list of things he'd like to do when the ordeal is over, but doesn't show them to Marion. Eventually, they are forced to stop. Frank realizes that the road loops, and they are back at the cabin from the beginning. Angered, and convinced that "someone" is playing with them, he goes inside and lights a match. The Woman in White is suddenly behind him, and blows it out. Frank grabs one of the many tools off the walls and begins swinging it around the pitch black room. Marion hears the noise and rushes inside with the flash-light, taking her father out of the cabin. They walk towards the car and now Frank, like Laura, shows that he too is beginning to go insane. He asks Marion for his bottle of whiskey, but she tells him she threw it away. He starts beating her until she is unconscious, and when Frank realizes what he has done, he puts Marion in the car too. He then sees the woman in white going in the forest and advances on her with the gun. He begins to shoot and scream in the forest, but the swishing of a bladed weapon is heard and it is obvious Frank has also now been killed. Marion, unconscious, has a bizarre dream in which the car finally runs out of gas and she must accept that she too will now die. Outside, she sees the bodies of her family all lined up in body bags, and the hearse suddenly appears beside her. Marion assumes it has come for her, but the Woman in White walks past her, saying, "He's not here for you," before getting into the hearse herself. Marion then wakes up in the car in time to see Frank falling asleep at the wheel and colliding with an oncoming car, driven by the woman previously seen dressed in white. In the car also is her baby daughter. The accident claims the lives of everyone in the vehicles but Marion. She suddenly wakes up in a hospital bed, and a female doctor with the name-tag "Dr. Marcott" is at her bedside. A charming man dressed in black is at the hospital, who says he is the one who found Marion and called the accident in. Dr. Marcott explains to him that all the people in the accident were killed but this one girl Marion. The man and the doctor go into the parking lot and off towards their separate cars, but when the doctor's car will not start, the man offers her a lift in his own vehicle; a black hearse. The doctor is impressed by the vintage car, and the man tells her he is a collector. The credits are followed by an extra scene, in which two road-sweepers are cleaning up after the violent car crash. One finds a piece of paper and reads it; it is Frank's note, which reads: 1) Buy an Atari, 2) Be the coolest Grandfather ever. This wipes out the possibility that it was all a dream, but the road-sweeper throws the note in with the rest of the garbage.
tt0078163
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
A French businessman/mobster named Philippe Douvier (Robert Webber) is making a deal with a New York Mafia for a multimillion-Franc drug-smuggling operation, whose officers suspect Douvier of being too old and no longer strong enough to handle it. Douvier therefore attempts to prove his strength by assassinating Chief Inspector Clouseau (Peter Sellers). Douvier's attempt to blow Clouseau up with a bomb fails, and the subsequent attempt by a Chinese martial artist called Mr. Chong (an uncredited appearance by Ed Parker) is thwarted when Clouseau accidentally knocks him out of a window, believing him to be his (Clouseau's) valet Cato, who has orders to keep his employer alert by means of random attacks. That night, Douvier anonymously calls Clouseau and poses as an informant to tell him the whereabouts of an important criminal involved in the French Connection. Despite being warned by Cato (Burt Kwouk), Clouseau drives toward the location, but his car and clothes are stolen at gunpoint by a transvestite criminal named Claude Russo. Russo drives into the trap and is killed by Douvier's men. Subsequently, the majority of people believe Clouseau to be dead. As a result of this assumption, Clouseau's mad boss, ex-Commissioner Charles Dreyfus (Herbert Lom), is deemed sane, and is to be released from the local mental asylum to try and crack the case, while Douvier's plans continue. In Russo's clothes, Clouseau is taken to the mental asylum, but escapes into Dreyfus' room. Dreyfus faints at the sight of Clouseau, whom he believed dead, whereupon Clouseau disguises himself as Dreyfus and is driven home in a car by operative François. At home, Clouseau finds Cato, who (despite having turned Clouseau's apartment into a Chinese-themed brothel) is relieved to see him alive. Having settled Clouseau's initial anger at Cato, the two plan their revenge on the person who ordered Clouseau's assassination, taking advantage of the belief that Clouseau is dead to conduct their investigations. Dreyfus, led to believe that the man he saw was Claude Russo, is assigned to read a eulogy at Clouseau's funeral. His objections are overridden by political necessity when it is revealed that the speech was composed by the police chief's wife, who apparently is able to dismiss Dreyfus if he refuses to recite. During the recital, Dreyfus is unable to control his laughter at the statements he is obliged to speak, but conceals his amusement by giving the impression that he is weeping rather than laughing. When Clouseau surreptitiously reveals himself among the attendants of the funeral, Dreyfus faints into the burial pit moments before the master of ceremonies completes his oration. Shortly after his wife threatens him with a divorce, Douvier, needing her respectability and her silence pertaining to his crimes, tells his secretary/paramour Simone LeGree (Dyan Cannon) that their courtship must end. Angry, Simone storms out of Douvier's office, giving an impression that she may blackmail Douvier. Douvier therefore gives orders to have Simone killed at a nightclub called Le Club Phut (a play on the word "clubfoot"). Having been told by a seafaring informant (Alfie Bass) of the possibility of trouble at the nightclub, Clouseau and Cato investigate and accidentally save Simone from being murdered by Douvier's assassins. Clouseau and Cato are separated, because Simone has not noticed Cato and is eager to take Clouseau (whom she considers her savior) home. At Simone's flat, Clouseau tells Simone that he is the supposedly dead Chief Inspector; although Simone denies it- both of them being more than slightly drunk- he eventually convinces her of the truth, prompting her to reveal that Douvier ordered Clouseau's assassination as part of his attempt to impress the American Godfather. When the assassins enter, having tracked them down, Clouseau and Simone escape into the flat below, in which lives Dreyfus. Dreyfus overhears Simone telling Clouseau of Douvier's plans to meet with the New York Mafia Godfather, Julio Scallini, in Hong Kong, but again faints when he sees Clouseau. Clouseau, Cato, and Simone travel to Hong Kong on a Cathay Pacific Lockheed Tristar jet. Disguised as an archaic Chinese under the name "Mr. Low Key", Clouseau, Cato, and Simone tail Douvier to Hong Kong, unaware that Dreyfus is also after Douvier. Clouseau impersonates Scallini while Simone distracts the real Scallini, so that Clouseau can uncover Douvier's plans. He succeeds, but the plan goes awry when Clouseau's disguise is exposed. A car chase begins, terminating in a crash. Here, Dreyfus recognizes Clouseau, loses his mind again, and tries to kill him with a Colt Python service revolver, chasing him into a firework warehouse. There, Clouseau eludes Dreyfus, who when trying to hunt him sets the fireworks alight. The resulting explosions, which in turn trigger a chaotic gunfight between all the characters. This leads to the arrests of Douvier and Scallini. Clouseau is awarded for their arrest by the President of France. Thereafter, he and Simone spend an evening together, and talk about their histories.
tt0102536
Comedy,Drama
Los Angeles: As evening falls, sassy tomboy cabby Corky (Winona Ryder) picks up hot-shot Hollywood executive Victoria Snelling (Gena Rowlands) from the airport, and as Corky drives, Victoria tries to conduct business over the phone. Despite their extreme differences socially, the two develop a certain connection. Sometime during the ride Victoria, who is evidently a talent scout or casting director, discovers that Corky would be ideal for a part in a movie she is casting, but Corky rejects the offer, as she has plans to become a mechanic. New York: Helmut Grokenberger (Armin Mueller-Stahl), a mild East German immigrant who was once a clown in his home country, now works in New York as a taxi driver. He picks up a passenger named YoYo (Giancarlo Esposito), a brash, streetwise young man and attempts to drive him to Brooklyn. Helmut doesn't really know how to drive with an automatic transmission so he allows YoYo to drive. On their way, they pick up YoYo's argumentative sister-in-law Angela (Rosie Perez). The story revolves around Helmut's attempts to understand and become a part of the culture of New York. Paris: A blind woman (Béatrice Dalle) goes for a ride at night with a driver (Isaach De Bankolé) who hails from the Ivory Coast. They both take some verbal jabs at each other during the ride. The driver asks his passenger what it's like to be blind and she attempts to explain to him, but their cultural differences and differences of life experience make things difficult. An ironic twist at the end of the segment turns upon a French pun near the beginning of it: When the driver states his nationality as "Ivoirien," some other Africans mock him with the punning phrase "Y voit rien" (he sees nothing there). After he drops off his blind passenger, he feels fascinated by her and gazes in her direction. This inattention to driving causes him to crash into another car, whose driver angrily accuses him of being blind. Rome: In the wee morning hours, a very eccentric cabbie (Roberto Benigni) picks up a priest (Paolo Bonacelli). As he drives, he starts to confess his sins. Much to priest's discomfort, he goes into great detail about how he discovered his sexuality first with a pumpkin and then with a sheep, then details a love affair he had with his brother's wife. The already-ailing priest is shocked by the lurid confession, and promptly has a fatal heart attack, leaving the cabbie with a very troubling situation. Helsinki: After an evening spent drinking heavily, three workers, one of whom has just been laid off (Kari Väänänen, Sakari Kuosmanen, and Tomi Salmela), climb into a cab to return home. On the way to drop them off the workers talk about what an awful fix their now-unconscious friend is in, by being out of work and having to face a divorce and a pregnant daughter. The driver Mika (Matti Pellonpää) then tells them all the saddest story they have ever heard. The workers are terribly moved and depressed by the story, and even become unsympathetic toward their drunken, laid-off companion. As they arrive home, the sun is beginning to rise on a new day. But no one sees change in their stupering friend from his day to day life.
tt0073540
Drama,Mystery
The film begins in a (fictional) English girls' school in the Australian bush on February 14, 1900. The school is headed by Mrs. Appleyard (Rachel Roberts), an indomitable and unbending figure of authority. Her staff include the remote mathematics mistress Miss Greta McCraw (Vivean Gray), said to have a 'masculine' intellect; the young and beautiful Mademoiselle de Portiers (Helen Morse) who teaches French and deportment, and the jittery Miss Lumley (Kirsty Child), who is anxious to please Mrs. Appleyard. Amid lingering images of white-clad girls in whispering voices delighting in Valentine's cards, the character of Miranda (Anne-Louise Lambert) and her friend and admirer, Sara (Margaret Nelson) are introduced. Miranda's circle of friends includes Irma (Karen Robson), Marion (Jane Vallis), Rosamund (Ingrid Mason). Sara's affection for Miranda clearly stems from a deep romantic crush. Another pupil, Edith (Christine Schuler) hovers on the edge of Miranda's circle, desperate for acceptance. Sara, an orphan who is a kind of charity pupil, is disliked by Mrs. Appleyard, and is not allowed to join the outing, ostensibly because she has not memorized an assigned poem. Miranda shows worry that Sara dotes on her too much in which she tells Sara that she "won't be here much longer" (suggesting a premonition of her disappearance). The party leaves leaving behind Mrs. Appleyard and Sara. The girls ride to Hanging Rock, a 500-foot tall volcanic rock formation about 11 km northeast of the school. Mlle. de Portiers and Miss McCraw are the supervisors. Mr. Hussey drives the girls in his wagon on the trip to the formation. For some odd reason, everyone's timepiece and wristwatch stops at 12 noon when they arrive. Miranda cuts a cake in honor of St. Valentine and the party relaxes in the warm shade. Marion asks permission to take Miranda and Irma for an excursion on the rock and is accompanied by Edith. Their departure is witnessed by a fascinated young Englishman who attempts to follow them, but soon breaks away. After a brief nap (or swoon) on a plateau, they get up, and seemingly under a spell, three of them advance as one toward an inner recess, witnessed by Edith, who cries out to them not to go. She screams and runs downward. One of the teachers, Miss McCraw, leaves the picnic unnoticed and begins to climb the rock. Although the party was due back at about eight o'clock, it is 10:30 p.m. and after dark when Mr. Hussey's wagon arrives back at the school, where they tell Mrs. Appleyard about the mysterious disappearance. Edith remains hysterical and unable to explain what has transpired only that she saw Miss McCraw heading up toward the plateau without her skirt. The police investigation led by Sgt. Bumpher (Wyn Roberts) and Constable Jones (Garry McDonald) leads them to a young Englishman, Michael Fitzhubert (Dominic Guard) who was lunching at the rock with his family, his uncle Colonel Fitzhubert (Peter Collingwood) and Mrs. Fitzhubert (Olga Dickie). Michael, with Albert (John Jarratt), the Fitzhubert party's young local Australian valet, spent part of the lunch watching the picnic, but offer no clues in the investigation. Sara is devastated, but habitually treated coldly as the orphan she is by the teachers and students alike. The nearby town of Woodend quickly becomes restless as news of the disappearance spreads. The townsfolk are angry, demanding answers. Michael, who becomes obsessed with finding Miranda, gets Albert to accompany him to the Rock for another search after another search turned up nothing. The next morning, Albert travels up to the rock and finds a nearly delirious Michael whom he helps back down to the ground. Albert follows Michael's trail and discovers Irma, unconscious but unharmed. At the Fitzhubert home where Irma is treated for dehydration and exposure, she tells the police investigator that she has no memory of what happened on the rock, or of the fate of her companions. The servants note to themselves that her corset has gone missing. During a walk in the woods with Irma, Michael tells her that he's still obsessed with finding Miranda, but she still cannot remember anything about that day. Soon, both Albert and Michael begin to have terrible nightmares about a great evil that lurks at Hanging Rock. They continue to remain miserable over the three remaining disappearances. A kind of quiet mass hysteria consumes the school. Lessons seem to proceed with the usual tight order and control, but as the days pass and the missing women are not found, parents notify Mrs. Appleyard that they will be withdrawing their daughters from the school. During gym class, Irma stops by, dressed from head to foot in elegant red; her parents are taking her to Europe. The girls at first greet her with silence, then begin screaming frantically that she must tell them what happened, and physically attack her. Mlle. de Poitiers has to pull them off, and Irma runs away. Sara is discovered tied to the wall "to correct her posture". Miss Lumley gives notice that she is quitting. Mrs. Appleyard takes to drink and is more abusive than ever toward Sara, first telling her that her guardian has not paid her tuition and she must be sent to an institution, then lying to the remaining staff that Sara's guardian has taken her away overnight. The next morning, Sara's body is found in the greenhouse by Mr. Whitehead, the school's gardener. She apparently jumped or was pushed from her second floor bedroom window. When the gardener rushes into Mrs. Appleyard's office, she greets him with a calm stare; she is already dressed in full mourning with her things packed. Elsewhere, Albert tells Michael that he had a dream that his orphan sister came to see him in his dreams. Sara is revealed to be Albert's sister. Epilogue. A voice-over narrator details that after Sara's dead body was discovered, Mrs. Appleyard disappeared before the police could question her about the circumstances surrounding Sara's death. A few days later, Mrs. Appleyard's body was found beneath Hanging Rock -- apparently she went there and jumped off a ledge to her death. No one else was ever discovered there.
tt0081562
Comedy,Crime
Writer Skip Donahue (Gene Wilder) and actor Harry Monroe (Richard Pryor) are fired from their jobs in New York, and leave for Hollywood to find a new way to make a living. Along the way, they take odd jobs to make ends meet. In one such job, Skip and Harry dress up as two woodpeckers, performing a song and dance routine as part of a promotion for a bank. Harry and Skip remove their costumes to take a break, and two men who have been watching steal the costumes and perform the routine as though they were Harry and Skip. The men then use the costumes to rob the bank, and in the confusion Harry and Skip are immediately arrested, whisked through a absurd speedy trial and handed 125-year jail sentences. Their court-appointed lawyer, Len Garber (Joel Brooks), advises them to wait until he can appeal their case. Life in a maximum-security prison proves difficult for both Skip and Harry. After a failed attempt at faking insanity, they make friends with Jesus Ramirez (Miguel Ángel Suárez), a real bank robber, and Rory Schultebrand (Georg Stanford Brown), a gay man who killed his stepfather. Rory takes an immediate fancy to Harry, much to Harry's chagrin. Having been there a while, Jesus and Rory inform Skip and Harry of the numerous goings-on in the prison, as well as the other members and who to watch out for, such as Jack Graham (Jonathan Banks), who runs the cell block, and is in charge of the contraband that comes in; and ax murderer Blade (Charles Weldon), who runs the "third-world" side of the cell block. The most feared inmate, however, is Grossberger (Erland Van Lidth), a convicted mass murderer of incredible size and strength who refuses to speak and is feared by the inmates and guards alike. Seeing something "kind" in Grossberger, the naive Skip attempts to talk with him, unsuccessfully. After being in prison for three months, Skip and Harry are brought to see Warden Walter Beatty (Barry Corbin) and Deputy Warden Wilson (Craig T. Nelson), the head guard. They wish to run a "test" with Harry and Skip on a mechanical bull in the warden's office. To everyone's surprise, Skip rides the bull at full power, so Beatty selects him to compete in the prison's annual rodeo competition. Out in the yard, Jesus and Rory inform Harry and Skip of the truth behind the rodeo: it's really a crooked operation run by Beatty and Warden Henry Sampson (Nicolas Coster), who heads the neighboring prison. The money from the rodeo, which is supposed to go to the prisoners, really ends up in the wardens' pockets. Knowing that Skip will be selected as the prison's new "champion", Jesus and Rory hatch a plan for escape. In order for it to work, Skip must refuse to participate in the rodeo: the longer he holds out, the better chance he has at "striking a deal" with the warden. After Skip refuses to participate, the angry warden orders Deputy Wilson to "straighten him out", which Wilson is only too happy to do. Prison life soon becomes more difficult than ever for Harry and Skip as Wilson and the guards attempt to break them down. First they are put on hard labor detail and deprived of both water and sleep. When this fails, the guards lock Skip up, overnight, hanging by his wrists and ankles. Skip awakens the next morning to discover that his bad back is cured. Wilson then puts Skip in solitary confinement; Skip asks for an extra day. Being returned to his cell, Skip discovers that he and Harry have a new cell mate: Grossberger, whom they quickly befriend. Harry and Skip are visited by Garber, along with his cousin Meredith (JoBeth Williams), who is fighting to prove their innocence. Skip takes an immediate liking to Meredith, who informs him she never gets personally involved with clients. Meanwhile, Warden Beatty is furious at Wilson for not breaking Harry and Skip yet, and decides to handle things himself. Soon afterward, Harry is sent to the prison's hospital ward for appendicitis. A prisoner in the neighboring bed (Franklyn Ajaye) tells Harry of the horrors of the ward: he himself was admitted for a hernia operation, and the doctor castrated him in the process. As soon as Harry sees the doctor (Alvin Ing), he runs screaming from the ward. Skip meets with Warden Beatty to make a deal. In exchange for Skip's participation in the rodeo, Skip requests his own crew (Harry, Jesus, Rory, and Grossberger), along with a much bigger jail cell, all according to the plan. Warden Beatty agrees, telling Deputy Wilson to have an inmate guard watch them at all times. Willson assigns Graham and Blade to the task, who anxiously voice their resentment: Graham, who resents being "pushed aside" for Skip, and Blade, who regard the group as "brown-noses". Wilson tells Graham of his own agenda: Skip will not leave the rodeo alive. Training Skip and Harry for the rodeo, Graham ensures that their lives - especially Harry's - are made difficult. While practicing for the rodeo, Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger acquire the numerous tools they require for their escape, using the prison's metal shop to transform them into seemingly everyday items. In their new large jail cell, the quintet have numerous comforts: books, a television, a radio, and a guitar, among other things. While relaxing in their cell, Grossberger breaks his silence when he sings "Birmingham Jail" during an awkward moment. Meanwhile, Meredith has gotten a job as a waitress in a country western strip club, so she may search for possible suspects. When she meets the real crooks - recognized by a tattoo on one of their hands that a witness (Tracy Lee Rowe) saw on one of them - Meredith calls Len Garber, and the police. The rodeo begins, and Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger all perform their tasks flawlessly, arousing no suspicions, in spite of Wilson and Graham's attempt to kill Skip: Graham spikes a horse Skip is riding, but Skip manages to stay on the horse and dismount, unhurt. Graham then puts a lock on the gate, trapping Skip inside with an out-of control bull, but Grossberger breaks the lock off, allowing Skip out through the chute with the bull. During every major event when everyone is distracted, one of them slips out through a secret opening, taking them through air vents to either a restroom, where Jesus' wife Teresa (Karmin Murcelo) waits to provide them disguises, or through a vent to a hollow pushcart, manned by Jesus' brother Ramon (Henry Kingi). Once through, they put on their disguises and re-enter the grounds as customers. Skip is set to compete against reigning champion Caesar Geronimo (Joe Massengale) to swipe the prize: a bag of money (in reality the wardens' side bet) from the horns of a large, Brahman bull. Skip asks Caesar if he's tired of being his warden's stooge, suggesting that they give the money to the prisoners, even offering to help Caesar win if he chooses to do so. Both contestants play hard, but Caesar is the winner, grabbing the bag. Inspired by Skip's words, Caesar throws the bag over the fence to the inmates, much to the shock and outrage of wardens Beatty and Sampson. Skip prepares his own escape through the secret opening, but Graham shows up, suspicious. Grossberger knocks Graham out and Skip makes his escape into the waiting pushcart. He's herded off into the waiting camper, and the group drives off. Arriving at a secret meeting spot, Jesus and Rory quickly make introductions, then bid Harry and Skip farewell as they all pile into a waiting car, heading off to Mexico. Harry and Skip hop in the other waiting car, only to be stopped by another car containing Len Garber and Meredith. She tells Harry and Skip that, thanks to her work, the police have captured the real crooks, who have confessed to the bank robbery that wrongly convicted them. Harry and Skip, ecstatic, decide to resume their original plans of heading to Hollywood. Skip asks Meredith to go with him, and Meredith, on a whim, says "yes".
tt0074751
Adventure,Horror
In the Indonesian port city of Surabaya, Fred Wilson, a spokesman and promotions specialist for a huge oil conglomerate, Petrox, is preparing a voyage aboard one of the corporation's exploration ships. As the ship sets sail, a stowaway steals on to the boat and hides under the canvas cover of a life boat. The ship makes its way through the stormy south Indian Ocean. Wilson gathers the crew for a meeting to tell them where they're going, saying he couldn't risk telling them anything until they were far out of port. Wilson shows them a pair of photographs of an innocuous fog bank. One picture was taken in the 1940s by a US Navy vessel. The second was taken a few weeks prior to their departure from Surabaya. Wilson also shares another photo, this one taken by a US satellite that went off course and was armed with spectrographic instruments. The readings from the satellite, explained by Wilson's geologist, Roy Bagley, show that an island may exist behind the fog bank and that it may have petroleum deposits on it. Wilson is very excited, believing that, with the oil and gas shortage causing economic problems for Petrox back in the States, that the island will be a rich source of oil for the company. At that moment the meeting is interrupted by the same man who stowed away in the life boat. The stranger identifies himself as Jack Prescott, a primate paleontologist, who had snuck aboard the ship specifically because it was going to the island. He talks about the island's other secret: that a large beast inhabits the island, is the dominate life form there and is worshipped as a god by the local native tribe. Jack also talks about a strange wedding ritual the natives follow to placate the beast; that a beautiful woman must be "wed" to it to satisfy it's temper. Wilson believes Jack is a spy and orders him detained until they can run a check on his credentials. While they lead him away on the main deck, Jack spots a life raft floating some distance away. When the raft is salvaged, they find a beautiful blond woman unconscious, but alive. She's brought a aboard and revived by Jack. She identifies herself as "Dwan" and tells everyone that she'd been a guest aboard a yacht that sank after a fire that had occurred during the storm they'd sailed through the day before (the captain remembers that they'd received a faint distress call during the storm). Dwan had been on the deck because the party's host had wanted to show the movie Deep Throat & she refused to stay in the viewing room. Dwan quickly wins the hearts of the crew. Jack is allowed to join the voyage as a photographer. The ship arrives at the fog bank and a landing craft is launched with Jack and Dwan accompanying the party. After sailing for a bit in the fog bank, it lifts and the mysterious island is visible. They land on a beach and begin to trek inland. They stop at a huge wall, built of giant timbers and chinked with mud. Wilson believes the wall was left behind by an ancient civilization but Jack points out that repairs consisting of mud have been done recently. He's also certain that the wall was built to protect the village from something dangerous lurking on the other side. The party hears drumming in the distance and finds a small village at the edge of the wall where the island's human inhabitants are in the midst of a ritual. One of the tribe's women is being dressed in ceremonial garb while a priest wearing a carved gorilla mask dances in front of her. Wilson speculates that the man in the mask will be the groom, however Jack suggests that the real groom is beyond the wall's huge gate the village is centered around. Bagley spots a small pool of black fluid in the village and tells Fred that it could be oil. Suddenly the priest spots the landing party and halts the ceremony. He walks straight to the party and shouts angrily, quite plainly furious that their ritual has been witnessed by strangers. When he spots Dwan, he demands they trade her for six women from his village. When Jack refuses the offer, the natives advance and Jack orders the men to fire their guns in the air to scare them off. The party returns to the ship and makes plans to return to the island, pacify the locals and start their tests of the oil they spotted. Jack is highly critical, pointing out that Petrox is essentially invading the sovereign territory of an independent and primitive tribe and that the natives were shouting a strange word, "kong" during the ritual, insisting that there's more to the wall and the ritual that could endanger the lives of everyone. Wilson and his staff ignore Jack and he leaves. On deck, he gathers supplies and plans to steal a landing boat to return to the island and explore himself. Dwan finds him and talks him out of going -- she has a bad feeling that Jack will be harmed. She and Jack plan to meet in her state room and spend the night together. Jack agrees and leaves briefly. While Dwan waits for him, she's suddenly grabbed by a small gang of locals from the island and taken swiftly away in an canoe. Jack returns & finds a necklace that could have only belonged to one of the locals. He tells Wilson, who rallies his crew to go to the island and find Dwan. On the island, the natives are preparing Dwan for the ceremony. She's dressed in their traditional garb and given a small amount of fluid from a seashell -- presumably a drug to calm her. She's taken to a sacrificial altar on the other side of the wall's giant gate and tied by the arms to two posts. The natives run back through the gate and close the bolt. They gather at the top of the wall, waving torches and beating ceremonial drums. Suddenly, their celebration is halted. From deep in the forest they hear the cracking of falling trees. As the noise becomes closer, a massive beast crashes out of the forest. Dwan looks up to see a giant ape standing in front of her, scrutinizing her carefully. Kong looks Dwan over, roars his approval and gently picks her up. He turns and walks back into the forest. Jack, Wilson and the rest of the rescue party arrive in the village, firing flares to scare the natives away. They open the bolt and cautiously wander outside. Wilson stumbles into a large hole that everyone recognizes as an ape's footprint. Jack gathers several men and they begin following Kong's trail into the forest. Wilson stays behind to organize operations on the other side of the wall. Pursuing Kong along his tracks and the trail of broken trees, the team pauses occasionally to plant seismic markers for Wilson. Though the workers don't feel the need to rush, they begin to quicken their work when Jack suggests Kong is headed their way. The team comes to a deep ravine, bridged by a downed tree. Jack makes his way across, showing the rest that it's safe. As the team crosses, Kong suddenly appears on Jack's side. Jack slides down the ravine wall on a vine while Kong seizes the end of the tree trunk and begins to tilt the crew off -- all of them except for one man, Boan, plummet to their deaths. Kong spends a short time trying to grab Jack who has hidden in a small crevice. Kong gives up and strolls off. Jack yells for Boan to make it back to the village and tell Wilson he's going to continue his pursuit of Kong. Back on the beach, Bagley returns to tell Wilson the test results he'd gotten from a sample of the oil. Though it is pure crude, it hasn't gone through enough of the natural process to make it a grade suitable for refining. Wilson is crushed, having already radioed Petrox that he was going to be bringing in a huge find. However, another idea strikes him and he calls for a cargo air drop. At the wall Wilson preps for Kong's return: he's brought a bulldozer ashore and along with several dozen barrels. He has his crew dig a deep hole near the gate and lays electrical cable. While he watches from the top of the wall, he spots Boan. When he asks his man where the rest of his crew is, Boan only answers by making a slashing gesture across his throat. In the forest, Kong continues his trek, grasping Dwan. He stops at a large clearing and puts Dwan down, sitting back and watching her eagerly. She tries to crawl away a few times but Kong stops her with a simple gesture. When she tries to run, he roars and stops her again, pounding the ground near her when she falls into a mud patch. He picks her up again and stalks off. At a giant waterfall, she holds her under the curtain to clean off the mud. Later, Kong arrives at a mountain bluff where he begins to curiously pick at Dwan's clothing. At one point, Dwan becomes angry, pounding on the ape's nose. Just then, a giant rattlesnake slithers out of the brush and attacks Kong. Kong wrestles with the snake, which quickly coils itself around him. As he struggles, Jack finds Dwan and they run off. Kong is enraged and kills the snake by ripping it's jaws open. He takes off after Dwan and Jack. Dwan and Jack are able to stay just ahead of Kong -- they leap from a tall cliff, landing in a river. Kong chases the exhausted pair back to the wall where Wilson's men quickly open & close the gate for them. Wilson orders the bolt drawn back halfway to allow Kong the chance to enter. Kong smashes the wall open, stumbles through the wrecked gate and falls directly into the camouflaged hole Wilson's crew prepared. Wilson uses an explosive device to dump hundreds of gallons of chloroform into the pit. Kong thrashes for a bit and then falls unconscious. The natives fall to their knees in front of the pit. A few days later, a large Petrox tanker is sailing on the ocean. Kong is housed in one of the giant tanks. Wilson tells Jack and Dwan that they're both being given lucrative entertainment contracts. A tour of the USA featuring Kong as Petrox' new mascot is being readied. Dwan accepts immediately but Jack is scornful, calling it a grotesque farce. Eventually he gives in. That night, while Jack and Dwan kiss on the bridge, Dwan's scarf slips from her neck and drifts down into Kong's holding cell. When he smells Dwan's scent, he flies into a rage and begins beating the sides of his tank, waking the crew. Dwan goes to the grating on the top of the tank and tries to calm the beast when the captain threatens to flood the tank with sea water. He leaps up to try and catch Dwan -- he misses and the impact rocks the ship, causing Dwan to fall. Kong catches her safely and puts her on the floor. She then climbs out. The Kong tour begins at Shea Stadium. Jack visits Dwan and Wilson before the show, saying he's abandoning his contract and donating the money he earned to a fund that will send Kong back to his island. At the show, Jack watches the gaudy and grandiose pageant where Dwan is lashed to a platform similar to the one on the island and Kong is brought out, caged, shackled and wearing a horrid crown. When the media moves in to take a statement from Dwan, Kong believes she's being threatened and almost effortlessly breaks his shackles and rips apart his cage. He begins a rampage that destroys part of the stadium and crushes several people under his feet, including Wilson himself. He spots Jack taking Dwan out of the parking lot in his car but they're forced to run when the fleeing crowd is too thick. Kong breaks out of the stadium and follows them through the city. Believing he's spotted Dwan on an el-train, he smashes it open, tossing aside the screaming woman when he sees it isn't her. Jack and Dwan make it to Manhattan and find it mostly deserted. Dwan wants Jack to buy her a drink at an abandoned bar. Jack is more concerned with Kong finding them, but Dwan reminds her that apes don't like water and he can't possibly make it across the East River to Manhattan. Jack suddenly remembers that the World Trade Center towers look very much like two rock spires in Kong's mountaintop hideout on his home island. He calls the military &, after gaining their word that they'll try to capture Kong rather than kill him, tells them that they should let Kong climb the World Trade Center towers. The military agrees. Meanwhile, Kong, in seeming defiance of Jeff's theory, wades across the East River and onto Manhattan when he sees that the nearest bridge is being watched by the Army. Moments later, Dwan is captured by Kong when he finds them in the bar. He stomps away toward the WTC, being given a clear path by the military. When he arrives there, he climbs one of the towers with Dwan clutching his shoulder. When he reaches the top, he's suddenly set upon by men wielding flame throwers. Kong leaps from his tower to the other. He rips up various rooftop objects and hurls them at the men, finally finding a gas tank that explodes, killing both men. Jack is helpless to aide Dwan, watching from the observation deck on the other tower. Kong and Dwan hear helicopters in the distance. The choppers close in and are ready to open fire, waiting for Kong to release Dwan. Though she pleads with Kong to hang on to her for his own safety, he gently brushes her away and the Hueys open fire. Despite being able to knock two of the choppers out of the sky, he is still gravely injured by the gunfire. He grows weak and falls prone on the roof. Dwan approaches him and reaches out to touch him when he rolls over & falls off the tower, crashing into the plaza below. On the ground, Dwan approaches the ape and listens as his heartbeat slows and stops. She's immediately surrounded by a mob of reporters and government officials. Sadly, she calls out Jack's name, however Jack does nothing.
tt0083190
Action,Crime,Drama
Frank (James Caan) is a highly experienced jewel thief and hardened ex-convict who has a set structure to his life. With a pair of successful Chicago businesses (a bar and a car dealership) as fronts for his lucrative criminal enterprise, Frank sets out to fulfill the missing part of his life vision: a family beginning with Jessie (Tuesday Weld), a pretty cashier he has begun dating. After taking down a major diamond score, Frank gives the diamonds to his fence, Joe Gags (Hal Frank). However, before Frank can collect his $185,000 share of the score, Gags is murdered by being pushed out of a 12th-story window for skimming off mob collection money. Barry (James Belushi), Frank's friend and associate making the pick-up, discovers that a shady plating company executive Gags was working for, Mr. Attaglia (Tom Signorelli), is responsible for Gags' murder and stealing Frank's payoff. In a tense confrontation at Attaglia's plating company, Frank demands his money back. This leads to a face-to-face meeting with Attaglia's employer, Leo (Robert Prosky), a high-level fence and Chicago Outfit boss. Unknown to Frank, Leo has been downing Frank's "merch" from Gags for some time. He admires Frank's eye for quality fenced goods and professionalism, and wants him taking down contract scores all over the country working directly for him, offering Frank large profits. "I'll make you a millionaire in four months," Leo states at their jargon-filled meeting, which is monitored from a distance by police surveillance -- as well as a hidden Barry armed with a rifle, in case the meeting goes bad. At first, Frank is reluctant to consider Leo's offer, not wanting to "deal with egos" or the added exposure. But later that night at a coffee shop, an emotional bonding with Jessie changes the game when she agrees to be part of his life after he relates a harrowing tale of prison survival by way of a toughened mental attitude. To hasten his plans, Frank now agrees to do just one big score for Leo, telling Barry that this will be their last job. With a little help from the paternal Leo after being rejected at the state adoption agency, Frank is even able to acquire a baby on the black market, a son he names David after his recently deceased mentor and closest friend from prison, nicknamed Okla (Willie Nelson). Things start heating up on account of Frank's new association with Leo. After resisting a shakedown from a group of corrupt police detectives, then subsequently ditching their surveillance, Frank and his crew are soon involved in a large-scale West Coast diamond heist organized by Leo. All goes well with Frank's "burn job" and he is expecting the agreed-upon sum of $830,000 on $4 million wholesale of unmounted stones. But when Frank returns from the job, Leo tosses him an envelope containing less than $100,000, the "cash part" according to Leo, who says he has invested the rest of Frank's cut in shopping centers, an idea Frank had flatly rejected. In addition, Leo sets up a Palm Beach score for Frank in six weeks without consulting him. An irate Frank bluntly tells Leo that their deal is over, takes the envelope of cash as he leaves and demands the rest of his money in 24 hours or "...you will wear your ass for a hat." Frank drives to his car lot unaware that Leo's henchmen have already beaten and captured Barry, and are waiting in ambush for him. In the set-up, Frank is knocked out with the butt of a carbine and Barry is killed by several shotgun blasts from Carl (Dennis Farina), one of Leo's main enforcers. Frank awakens with Leo staring down at him, surrounded by his henchmen. Leo coldly informs him that he, Jessie, their child, and everything he owns are Leo's property. He threatens to prostitute Jessie and "...whack out your whole family" if Frank does not continue working for him. Leo warns Frank to "tighten up" and focus on his responsibilities; meanwhile, his henchmen dispose of Barry's body. Frank goes home to contemplate his next move, gradually sinking into a hardened apathy akin to his prison days. He coldly orders an uncomprehending Jessie out of their house, telling her their marriage is over. He instructs an associate to drive her, the baby and $410,000 in cash somewhere where they cannot be found, informing Jessie more money will be coming at regular intervals, but that he will not be joining her. With nothing to lose, Frank blows up their home in a fiery nighttime blast using high explosive charges. He then drives to his business establishments and does the same, destroying his bar in a violent explosion then setting fire to his car lot. Armed with a pistol, he quietly breaks into Leo's house in a peaceful neighborhood and pistol whips Attaglia in the kitchen. Frank hunts for Leo, who is hiding, armed with a .357 Magnum revolver. Leo is inevitably located and gunned down. Frank then pursues Attaglia as he tries to escape from the house, but is promptly confronted in the front yard by Carl and another henchman. In the ensuing gunfight, Frank is shot, but manages to kill the trio. Frank loosens what appears to be a ballistic vest he was wearing beneath his jacket, and walks away into the night. (Copied from Wikipedia)
tt0787523
Drama
Towelhead follows the dark, vulnerable, and shocking story of Jasira, a 13-year-old Arab-American girl, as she navigates the confusing and frightening path of adolescence and her own sexual awakening. When Jasira's mother sends her to Houston to live with her strict Lebanese father, she quickly learns that her new neighbors find her and her father a curiosity. In addition, her budding womanhood makes her traditional and hot-tempered father uncomfortable, confusing her more. Lonely in this new environment, Jasira seeks friendship and acceptance from her neighbors. Mr. Vuoso, an Army reservist; and Melina, a liberal expectant mother who reaches out to Jasira. Thrown into an unfamiliar suburban world, Jasira must confront racism and hypocrisy both at home and at school, and at the same time struggle to make sense of her raging hormones and newfound sexuality. While her boyfriend, Thomas, provides some comfort, even that relationship causes problems when her father discovers that Thomas is black. Surrounded by adults who are as lost as she, Jasira yearns for understanding, even amidst often brutal acts.
tt0077572
Action,Drama,War
In 1943, after their successful mission in Navarone, MI6 agents Mallory (Robert Shaw) and Miller (Edward Fox) are sent to find and kill "Nicolai". Originally thought to be a traitor who informed the Germans about Miller and Mallory during the Navarone mission, Nicolai is now known to be a dedicated German spy, and is believed to be disguised among the Yugoslav Partisans as a Captain Lescovar (Franco Nero). Mallory and Miller's new mission is to get to Yogoslavia, find Nicolai, and kill him. To get to Yugoslavia the two men pair with "Force 10", an American sabotage unit led by Lt. Col. Barnsby (Harrison Ford) and having with its own mission in German-occupied Yugoslavia. To maximize security, Force 10 steals a plane from Termoli Airfield in Italy rather than requisitioning one, but are spotted by US M.Ps before takeoff. Weaver (Carl Weathers), a US Army sergeant under arrest by the MP's, joins with Force 10 and forces his way onto the plane. Barnsby and crew successfully "escape" Termoli only to be shot down by German night fighters over Yugoslavia. Only Barnsby, Mallory, Miller, Weaver and Reynolds (Angus MacInnes) manage to escape the crippled plane. On the ground, the five survivors run across a group they believe to be Communist Yugoslav Partisans, their allies. Led by a hulking Yugoslav named Captain Drazak (Richard Kiel), Force 10's rescuers are soon revealed to be collaborationist Chetniks (nationalist Serb guerrillas) under German control. The Germans take the team into custody, but do not know what their mission is. Mallory and Barnsby tell the German commander, Major Schroeder (Michael Byrne), that they are deserters and criminals fleeing Allied authorities. To keep Schroeder from opening Miller's suitcase, which contains his special explosives, Mallory tells him that it contains a "new" drug called penicillin. The next morning, the prisoners are told that Schroeder has opened the case, finding it full of firewood. Mallory and Barnsby improvise, "admitting" they buried the samples. Schroeder sends Mallory and Barnsby out to retrieve them, under the guard of his concubine, Maritza (Barbara Bach), and three of his soldiers. Miller, Weaver and Reynolds are left in a cell in camp. Far from camp, Maritza kills the Germans, revealing herself to be a partisan spy. She directs Mallory and Barnsby towards the real partisans under the command of her father, Major Petrovich (Alan Badel). Mallory and Barnsby escape, ambushing and killing two of Drazak's Chetniks - men bandaged to hide burns from flamethrowers. Eventually, the two meet a patrol of real Yugoslav Partisans led by a man Mallory recognizes as his target Captain Lescovar, AKA: Nicolai. While Mallory assumes that Lescovar has recognized him, he and Barnsby are nevertheless taken to the partisans. Mallory and Barnsby both realize their location when they recognize a wide river and a large hydroelectric dam near the Partisan camp. Skeptical, Major Petrovich dismisses Mallory's story about Lescovar being Nicolai - assuring Mallory that they had executed the real 'Nicolai' months earlier. He reproves the men for killing the bandaged Chetniks, as the men were partisan infiltrators in the Chetnik camp and his only link to Maritza. Petrovich's principle worry is an impending assault by the Wehrmacht. The Germans are massing their forces nearby, and only a ravine separates as many as three German divisions from the outnumbered partisans. Only a single concrete arch bridge links each side of the ravine, but the partisans have been unable to destroy it. Convinced that no bridge is impregnable, Barnsby reveals that this bridge is in fact Force 10's target. Knowing Miller's expertise in demolitions, Mallory convinces a reluctant Petrovich to help mount a rescue mission using Lescovar and the Partisan Marko (Petar Buntic). The four re-enter the camp at night, Mallory and Barnsby posing as captives and the partisans disguised as the bandaged men. Before they complete their mission, Drazak arrives with the bodies of the real bandaged men and, since Maritza had always been seen with them, concludes she was a partisan as well and savagely beats her up. A gun battle breaks out in the cell block. Schroeder and Reynolds are killed, but Mallory, Barnsby, Miller, Weaver, Lescovar and Marko escape in a truck with a badly beaten Maritza and the recovered explosives. Having made it to the Partisans, Miller reveals that the bridge really is impregnable to explosives. Mallory hits upon the idea of destroying the upstream dam they saw earlier, with the sudden onrush of several millions of gallons of water being enough to destroy the bridge. A night time air drop is arranged to replace Force 10's lost supplies, but Lescovar sabotages the air drop by calling in German planes. Maritza spots Lescovar betraying the partisans, but Lescovar kills her before she can warn the others. German planes bomb the illuminated drop zone. Petrovich, angered by the botched air drop, orders the men to be sent to Marshall Tito's headquarters for transport back to Italy. The team decides to infiltrate the German marshaling yards at Mostar to steal explosives, taking Lescovar and Marko. Lescovar again betrays them alerting a German sergeant to their presence, identifying himself as an Abwehr officer. Marko overhears the plan and sacrifices himself to save the others from the Germans. The others escape with Lescovar aboard a train leaving for Sarajevo. Lescovar's hasty cover story doesn't fool Mallory or Barnsby; Barnsby had observed Lescovar's interactions with the German sergeant who, fatally, salutes the other man even though Lescovar's uniform only made him out to be a corporal; Mallory had noticed a map showing that their train passes within a half-mile of the dam - a fact Lescovar "neglected" to bring up. Though Lescovar denies treachery, Mallory is convinced, and he kills Lescovar. Jumping the train near the dam, the team splits up: Miller and Weaver set off diversionary explosives while Mallory and Barnsby sneak into the dam. Weaver runs into Drazak in the woods, and kills him after a knife fight. Mallory and Barnsby set their charges within the dam, but realize that they are out of time. With the German assault only minutes away - they are forced to set a short fuse, leaving them no time to escape. Mallory and Barnsby are caught in the explosion, yet nevertheless survive. The dam appears undamaged, but soon begins to disintegrate; with its barely maintained structural integrity disrupted, the dam wall collapses, releasing millions of tons of water in a wave that topples the bridge. The German assault is thwarted, saving the Partisans. Mallory and Barnsby rejoin Miller and Weaver, but the jubilation is short-lived. Mallory reminds the men that they're now trapped on the wrong side of the river, with no supplies and no way of contacting or reaching the partisans. As the end credits roll, the four men begin a strenuous journey back to friendly lines. In this movie appears Wolf Kahler who will later play Ludendorff, chemist and Fritz Shimon Haber's close friend in Haber (2008).
tt0248845
Comedy,Drama,Music
We meet Hedwig (John Cameron Mitchell) working with her band in a local restaurant near the salad bar as she exclaims that shes the internationally ignored rock singer who has traveled from Communist Berlin. Managed by the singular person who applauds during their musical sets, Phyllis Stein (Andrea Martin) is the band manager that keeps the family together. As we travel with the band we travel into Hedwigs own memories as he share the stories of how he was a young boy named Hansel, raised by a single mother in Germany, then several years later is attracted to an American GI Sergeant who agrees to marry Hansel and take him to America if he follows through with a sex change operation in order to be come a complete woman. When the operation fails leaving Hedwig with and angry inch, his GI husband abandons him in Kansas and Hedwig is left to fend for himself by doing a series of side gigs. When she meets young Tommy Gnosis (Michael Pitt) the two bond until Tommy steals Hedwigs songs and become a huge rock star leaving Hedwig pathetically playing in the shadows. As Hedwig performs we learn how his ultimate desire is to become a whole person by meeting his other half, someone he can bond with in every way.
tt0078087
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
David (Roger Richman) and Barbara (Janie Squire) are two young backpackers who happen upon a military post that seems to be abandoned. They discover a large man-made reservoir and decide to go skinny dipping. Within minutes they are attacked and consumed by some underwater presence, their death screams attracting the attention of somebody still inside the military facility. Maggie (Heather Menzies) is an investigator hired by Barbara's parents to find their daughter and her companion. With financing from her employer Earl (Richard Deacon), Maggie travels to the mountainous area where the two were last seen, and she seeks out the cabin of Paul Grogan (Bradford Dillman). Paul is a backwoods type who lives in a log cabin with his young daughter, who is away at summer camp. Maggie convinces him to take her to the military facility, and they discover the pond. Paul notices that the water is salty. Exploring the buildings of the complex, they find a laboratory with numerous strange animals, including a bizarre, lizard-like creation. Maggie decides that it's possible that David and Barbara drowned in the pond, and she takes the initiative to drain the pond to find out. She flips the switch, and suddenly they are confronted by a white-haired man (Kevin McCarthy) who lurches at them in a panic, trying to shut off the drain switch. In the melee, he is knocked unconscious. Paul and Maggie go outside to the empty pond and find the bones of David and Barbara caught in the drain. When the mysterious man attempts to steal Maggie's jeep, he crashes it and injurs himself even more. Taking him down to Paul's cabin for the night, the man rables on about 'razorteeth' and that they are all in danger. The next morning, Paul and Maggie load the man onto Paul's homemade log raft and they set out downstream to take him to town. When he awakens, he reveals that he is Dr. Hoak, and he explains that Paul and Maggie have done something terrible. The pond contained a breed of mutant piranha, which Hoak had been developing for use in the Vietnam war. After the war, the military pulled the plug on the operation, but Hoak remained and continued experimenting with the piranha at the facility after it was closed down. The piranha begin to claim victims immediately. Paul's friend Jack (Keenan Wynn) dies when the piranha chew off his feet while he sits on the edge of a dock; he crawls away and bleeds to death. Downstream, a father and son are out fishing on the river; the father is killed while trying to fix the outboard engine from under the boat when he is pulled under the water and eaten alive. The boy clings to the capsized boat, but it is gradually sinking into the water. Paul, Maggie and Hoak come upon the scene and the doctor leaps into the water to save the boy. He manages to lift the child onto the raft, but the piranha attack him. Paul and Maggie pull him out of the water, but his wounds are too severe and he dies before he can offer them any advice about how to stop the killer fish. Paul is especially concerned about reaching the summer camp where his daughter, Suzie (Shannon Collins), is located. The camp is downriver from the piranha, and it is only a matter of time before the fish reach it. There is also a new resort further down the river that is about to open for business. Grogan and Maggie make frantic phone calls to both places, but their warnings are dismissed as fiction. Eventually the military gets wind of the piranha and they send Dr. Mengers (Barbara Steele) with a group of soldiers to investigate. At first, Mengers denies the piranha exist, but Maggie soon realizes that Mengers and Dr. Hoak were once lovers, and Mengers represents the military's desire to cover up the incident. The soldiers confine Maggie and Paul to their camp, imprisoning them and refusing to let Paul contact his daughter. Maggie and Paul escape the camp, but they are detained by the local police before they can get anybody to listen to them. Paul does manage to contact the head counselor at the camp (Paul Bartel), but he dismisses Paul's message due to his reputation of being an alcoholic. Maggie and Paul manage to break out of jail by subduing the officer who is left to watch them, and escape in his squad car. The next day, the piranha attack the summer camp. Suzie, who is afraid of the water, is hiding on the shore when the other kids and counselors begin to panic in the water. Suzie bravely tries to rescue her two friends, counselors Betsy (Belinda Balaski) and Laura (Melody Thomas Scott) by rowing out onto the lake in a rubber raft. She collects Laura, but Betsy falls into the water and is consumed by the piranha. Paul and Maggie arrive at the camp too late, but after ensuring that Suzie is alright, they race off to the resort. The owner Buck Gardner (Dick Miller) refuses to answer their phone calls (under the advice of Dr. Mengers and her commanding officer who is there), but eventually the piranha attack and mass casualties result as dozens of people are wounded or eaten alive by the vicious fish. Mengers superior is one of the casualties when he falls in the water as people cling onto a ferry boat and he is eaten alive along with several others. During the drive in the stolen police car, Paul remembers that the water in the test pond was salty, but the water in the rivers is fresh water. They conclude that Hoak had bred the piranha to survive in either salt or fresh water, hence if the piranha reach the ocean, they will contaminate the world's waterways, and probaly the oceans as well. Paul and Maggie arrive at the resort and comandeer a speedboat to take them down the lake. Paul's plan is to poison the fish with pollution from a nearby sewage plant, but when they reach the plant by boat, it is now underwater, having been flooded. Paul intends to swim for it, tying a rope around his waist and instructing Maggie to take off if he has not surfaced within two minutes. He swims down to the plant and manages to get inside, opening up the tanks containing the raw sewage, but the piranha approach and attack him. Maggie finishes her countdown and takes off, pulling Paul to safety. Paul is wounded and in shock, but alive. He is tended by Maggie and Suzy at the resort as the military and other medics tend to dozens of dead and wounded people. As the film closes, Dr. Mengers speaks to the media, assuring everyone that there is nothing left to fear of the piranha whom have been killed by the sewage waste at the edge of the lake. But, the open-ending question leaves the end up in the air: have the piranha really reached the ocean as was once feared?
tt0345061
Drama,Romance,Sci-Fi
This synopsis is in german, feel free to translate... -------------------------- In einer nicht allzu fernen Zukunft sind nach einer Klimakatastrophe die Städte zu Sicherheitszonen erklärt worden, die von der Sphinx Corporation kontrolliert werden. Der privilegierte Teil der Menschheit lebt innerhalb dieser geschützten Bereiche, alle anderen in unwirtlichen, wüstenähnlichen Orten außerhalb. Klonen und Genmanipulationen sind Normalität. Die ganze Biografie eines Menschen ist nun auf elektronischen Pässen gespeichert. Wer keinen Pass besitzt, muss sich illegal einen besorgen, um eine andere Identität vorzutäuschen und so in die Städte zu gelangen. William, ein Versicherungsagent, kommt von Seattle nach Shanghai, um eine "undichte Stelle" in der Passdruckerei der Sphinx Corporation aufzudecken. Er ist mit einem Empathie-Virus infiziert, der ihn die Gedanken anderer Menschen erkennen lässt. Zügig ermittelt William die Schuldige, Maria, die er aber deckt, weil sie eine rätselhafte Anziehungskraft auf ihn ausübt. Als er Maria zufällig wieder trifft, lädt William sie zum Essen ein und verbringt später die Nacht mit ihr. Dann fliegt er zurück zu seiner Familie in Amerika. Doch William spürt, dass er sich in Maria verliebt hat, und beschließt, sie wieder zu sehen. In Shanghai erfährt er, dass Marias Gedächtnis zwangsweise gelöscht und sein Kind abgetrieben wurde. Schließlich findet William heraus, dass Maria ein Klon seiner Mutter ist und deshalb ihre Beziehung gegen den "Code 46" verstößt. Doch die beiden wollen ihre Liebe nicht aufgeben und versuchen, sich dem Überwachungsapparat zu entziehen. ____________________HERE YOU GO...----------------------------------- In a not-too-distant future after a climate catastrophe city security zones have been declared, controlled by the Sphinx Corporation. The privileged part of the humans lives within these protected areas, all others in hostile, desert locations outside. Cloning and genetic manipulation are usual. The whole story of a man is now on electronic passports. Who has no passport, must obtain one illegally to get another identity and be able to enter the cities. William Geld (Tom Robbins), an insurance agent of Seattle, comes to Shanghai for a "leak" in the passport printing of the Sphinx Corporation uncover. He has an empathy virus, which lets him recognize other people's thoughts. William soon identifies the culprit, María González (Samantha Morton), but he covers up for her because he feels an strange attraction for her. When he again meets Maria coincidentally, William invites her for dinner and spends the night with her. Then he flies back to his family in America. But William feels that he fell in love with Maria, and decides to see her again. In Shanghai, he learns that Maria's memory has forcibly be removed and his child was aborted. Finally, William finds out that Maria is a clone of his mother, and therefore their relationship infringes "Code 46". But the two do not want to give up their love and trying to escape from the surveillance society.
tt0081696
Drama,Romance,Western
Bud Davis (John Travolta) moves to Houston for a job in the city's oil refinery industry. He hopes to save enough money to move back to his hometown of Spur, Texas and buy some land. Bud stays with his Uncle Bob (Barry Corbin) and his family, with whom Bud is close. Bob takes Bud to the local honky tonk bar, Gilley's. Bud quickly embraces the local nightlife there. At the club, Bud meets Sissy (Debra Winger), who asks if he is a real cowboy. They fall in love, and soon after Bud asks Sissy to marry him. Their wedding reception is held at Gilley's, and they immediately move into a brand new mobile home. Although they are in love and passionate, Bud and Sissy have many quarrels. Sissy is a feisty, independent woman while Bud believes in traditional gender roles (that a man works and a woman's place is in the home). However, both of their lives settle into a routine of work by day and hanging out at Gilley's at night, where Bud takes a liking to riding the mechanical bull. When Sissy also wants to ride, he forbids her. Meanwhile, Wes Hightower (Scott Glenn), on parole from Huntsville Penitentiary, lands a job at Gilley's running the mechanical bull due to his rodeo skills. He flirts with Sissy, who is flattered, but a drunken Bud is enraged, and he and Wes end up in a fist fight. Sissy, against Bud's wishes, spends her free time at Gilley's during the day learning how to ride the mechanical bull. One night, Jessie, Sissy's friend, and Wes convince Sissy to ride the bull. She does it to impress Bud, but he becomes angry and resentful that Sissy defied him, and challenges her. When Bud falls off during his second ride in that challenge, Wes swings the bull around fast, breaking Bud's arm. At home, Sissy accuses Bud of being jealous because she rides the bull better than he can. Bud physically slaps her and throws her out of the trailer. Shortly after, Sissy and Bud see each other at Gilley's, but Sissy, still angry, refuses to talk to Bud. To make Sissy jealous, Bud introduces himself to a beautiful girl named Pam (Madolyn Smith) and dances with her, while Sissy dances with Wes. Bud and Pam leave together but Sissy, upset, declines Wes' sexual advances. Soon after, however, Sissy moves in with Wes, who lives in a run-down trailer behind Gilley's. Bud wants to enter the mechanical bull riding contest at Gilley's and starts training with his uncle Bob, a former rodeo champion. Bob advises Bud to swallow his pride and make up with Sissy. Meanwhile, Sissy returns to their mobile home to pick up her things, but she also cleans house and leaves Bud a note saying she hopes they can get back together. Pam arrives, and after Sissy leaves, Pam throws the note away. Meanwhile, Sissy catches Wes with Marshalene, who works at Gilley's. Wes is abusive when Sissy reacts angrily. A few days later, Uncle Bob is killed in an explosion at the refinery. At his funeral, Sissy tells Bud that Wes was fired from Gilley's and is unable to find another job. They are going to Mexico after Wes wins the $5,000 prize at the bull riding contest. It is Bud who wins the contest, however, and Pam, realizing that he still loves Sissy, encourages him to reconcile with her. Sissy refuses to go to Mexico with Wes, but relents after he hits her. He orders her to wait for him in her car behind Gilley's. Unknown to Sissy, Wes is inside stealing the prize money. Bud finds Sissy in the parking lot and tells her he still loves her. She reciprocates and they embrace. Seeing Sissy's bruised face, Bud goes after Wes and a fight ensues at the bar entrance. The fight causes Wes to drop his gun, and the stolen money falls from his jacket. Bud overpowers Wes and after punching him several times, pins him down on the floor. Gilley's staff, having discovered the robbery, apprehend Wes. Bud and Sissy, reconciled, go home together.
tt0120777
Comedy
The film is a black comedy, narrated by and centred around self-absorbed, manipulative, cynical teenager Dede Truitt (Christina Ricci), who runs away from home after her stepfather's funeral and moves in with her half-brother Bill (Martin Donovan), a teacher in a conservative, suburban community in Indiana. Dedee seduces Bill's young lover, Matt (Ivan Sergei), then tricks him into believing she has got pregnant by him. In fact, the father of her child is her ex-boyfriend Randy Cates (William Lee Scott). She and Matt elope, leaving Bill and the uptight Lucia (Lisa Kudrow), the sister of Bill's deceased partner Tom, to track them down and sort out the mess. In the meantime, Matt's "bit on the side," Jason Bock (Johnny Galecki), attempts to blackmail Bill, claiming Bill sexually assaulted him while he was a student. Bill and Lucia find Dedee and Matt, only to discover Dedee has stolen Tom's ashes and is holding them for ransom. Randy also finds Dedee; they inform Matt that they are taking the ashes and moving to have the baby elsewhere. They escape but soon get into an argument that leads to Dede accidentally shooting and killing Randy. She and Matt escape to Canada, and Bill eventually finds them. After the birth of Randy Jr., Dedee returns Tom's ashes to Bill, apologising for her actions in the past year. After a few months in prison, she moves back in with Bill, while Matt and Jason go traveling together, and Lucia marries her old friend Carl (Lyle Lovett). Eventually, Dede decides that Randy Jr. would be better off alone with Bill (who is now dating Dedee's parole officer) and runs away. Narrating the ending, Dedee sarcastically concludes that sex is precisely the opposite of what people should want, leading as it does to kids, disease or, worst of all, relationships. At the end of the film, the vignettes of the various caring relationships among the characters shows the opposite of superficial sexual gratification. Dede leaves it to the viewer to imagine whether or not she returns to her family.
tt0091860
Crime,Drama
The movie opens with a boy, Tim (Joshua Miller) playing on a bridge. He hears a yell, and sees Samson/John (Daniel Roebuck) sitting on the shore. The boy pedals off, and Samson smokes a cigarette by the naked corpse of Jamie (Danyi Deats). Samson leaves in a daze, and Tim spots him at a convenience store. While Samson haggles with the clerk, he steals two beers and leaves them for Samson. Tim asks Samson for dope, and gets in Samson's car. They drive to Feck's place for drugs, but he's not home. As Tim returns home, his brother Matt (Keanu Reeves) is arguing with his mother (Constance Forslund). His little sister Kim (Tammy Smith) wants Matt's help for a funeral for her lost doll, and we learn that the family is dysfunctional. Layne (Crispin Glover) arrives to pick up Matt, and Tim asks to come along. Layne refuses, and Tim bicycles off, despite his mother's complaint. Layne and Matt arrive at Feck's house, where Feck (Dennis Hopper) is playing saxophone for an inflatable doll. Layne gets drugs from Feck, and Feck talks about the girl he had to kill. At school, Layne and Matt smoke pot with Clarissa (Ione Skye) Maggie (Roxana Zal) and Tony (Josh Richman). Samson/John arrives and takes them to see Jamie's body. Matt is nervous and leaves, and Layne starts planning how to get alibis. Mr. Burkewaite teaches his class about radicals, and Clarissa flirts with him. The murder story starts to spread, and Layne tries to borrow Mike's (Phillip Brock) truck. Mike refuses, but is willing to drive. They see the body, and Layne tells them to help bury her. No one is willing to help, including John. Clarissa is uncomfortable with the secret, but Layne threatens her. She's too scared to call the police, and later calls Matt, but Matt is too shy to talk. That nigth, Layne rolls Jamie's body into the river. John buys him beer, but doesn't seem to care that Layne is trying to protect him. At John's house, they see police cars. Layne panics, but John is calm. They go to Feck for help, and Layne leaves John with him. Feck recognizes a kindred spirit, and they begin to talk. Matt brings detective Bennett (Tom Bower) to the place where the body was, and the cops fish her out of the river. Bennett grills Matt about the murder. Matt's mother picks him up from the police station, and he gets in a fight with her boyfriend Jim (Leo Ross). Tim appears, and Matt chases him. Tim threatens Matt with telling Layne about Clarissa's phone call, and Matt hits him. Tim runs off, and meets up with his friend Moko (Yuzo Nishihara). They borrow his father's car and head to Feck's. Layne, Clarissa and Matt go to Mike's house to extract his confession, but Mike's father drives them off with a shotgun. Layne gets annoyed and kicks Clarissa out of his car. Matt gets out and walks her home. She kisses Matt and they decide to go to the park. On the way, they stop at the convenience store and bump into John and Feck, buying beer. Layne arrives at Feck's, and Tim/Moko hide. After Layne leaves, Tim and Moko enter and search for Feck's gun, but find weed instead. They get wasted at Feck's. Meanwhile, John and Feck break into a store and steal ammo. Matt confesses to Clarissa that he told the cops about Jamie. They begin to make out. John and Feck wind up at the river's edge, and John starts messing with Feck's doll. Feck realizes John is crazy, and tries to calm him down. John starts firing Feck's gun, and brags about his murder. Matt hears the gunshots, but doesn't stop making love to Clarissa. They fall asleep in the park. Layne is cruising around, looking for John and popping pills. Feck muses about getting old, then fires a shot. When he comes home, Tim and Moko attack him and take his gun. In the morning, the police find Layne, passed out in his car, and take him to the station for questioning. Matt returns home, and his mother screams that she's leaving her kids. Reporters interview kids at the school, and Bennett questions Layne. In class, Burkewaite rails about morality, and that no one cares about Jamie. Clarissa is distraught. Tim watches Matt and Clarissa, holding Feck's gun. Layne calls Feck, and the police break in on Feck, so Layne hangs up. The kids go to the river's edge to skip school, and Matt sees Feck's doll in the river. Layne arrives and tries to attack Mike again. Matt intervenes and tells Layne that he turned John in. Layne runs off, then finds John, dead. Tim shows up and tries to shoot Matt for hitting him, but Matt talks him out of it. The police arrive and cart everyone off. At the end, Feck is in the hospital, confessing to his original murder and for killing John. The movie ends with Jamie's funeral, and the kids finally show emotion.
tt0078908
Horror,Sci-Fi
At the Somafree Institute, Dr. Hal Raglan humiliates his patient Mike by saying: "you're just a weak person. You must have got that from your mother. It probably would have been better for you if you had been born a girl!" On the dimly lit stage, Raglan demands a demonstration of anger, and Mike reveals angry red blotches covering his torso. The audience gasps. Raglan announces that this is psychoplasmcis; the physical manifestation of mental rage by the appearance of the welts on one's body. Meanwhile, Frank Carveth collects his nine-year-old daughter Candy from a 'Private Guest Room'. Candy wears a red coat with fur trim and hood. Bathing her, Frank finds bruises and scratches on her back. He drives to the Somafree Institute to confront Raglan and demands to see his wife Nola, whom has been committed there after she apparently suffered a nervous breakdown. Raglan refuses. Frank accuses Nola of abusing their daughter and says he will stop Candy's next visit. Raglan threatens legal action if Frank withholds a vital part of Nola's treatment. Frank then goes to his lawyer, Al Resnikoff, who tells him that Nola has a stronger legal position despite the fact that she is committed to a mental hospital. Frank says that he will do what he has to. He takes Candy to her maternal grandmother, Juliana, who seems highly strung out. Back at the institute, Raglan goes into Nola's room (play-acting as Candy) and he asks her why she hurt her daughter Candice. Raglan/Candice says: "Mummies don't hurt their own children". Nola sobs that they do. She tells Raglan that her own mother was "fucked up and bad". Raglan encourages her anger by telling her: "Go all the way through it, right to the end." That evening at Juliana's house, she investigates a noise in the kitchen. Food, juice, glasses and dishes are thrown all over the floor. She is bludgeoned by what appears to be a small child wearing a red hooded raincoat with fur trim. As Candy watches from behind a door, small claw-like hands leaves bloodstains on the banisters. The next morning at his workplace, Frank is informed of Juliana's murder. Police psychologist Dr. Birkin tells Frank so encourage Candy to remember what happened, a breakdown is possible if she doesn't remember. "These things tend to express themselves in one way or another" says Dr. Birkin. At the institute, Raglan speaks to Nola as her father. She quickly gets very angry saying: "You shouldn't have walked way when she hit me." Red welts appear on Nola's forehead as she speaks. At the local airport, Frank and Candy meet Barton Kelly, Nola's estranged father, who has come for his ex-wife's funeral. On Resnikoff's advice, Frank visits Jan Hartog, an ex-Somafree patient taking legal action against Dr. Raglan. Uncovering a row of tumors on his neck, Hartog says bitterly: "Raglan encourages my body to revolt against me. And it did. I have a small revolution on my hands and I'm not putting it down very successfully." Back at the institute, a drunk Barton Kelly arrives and is furious when Raglan will not allow him to see Nola. Meanwhile, Frank arrives at Candy's school where her teacher, Ruth Mayer, sits with her. Candy invites Ruth to dinner at her house. That evening, Ruth arrives and has dinner with Frank and Candy. A little later, Barton calls Frank from Juliana's house, saying he needs Frank's help to see Nola. Frank leaves Ruth babysitting Candy, who picks up a book to read which is titled 'The Shape Of Rage'. Raglan's book on Psychoplasmics. At Juliana's house, Barton is alone when the same small figure wearing the hooded red raincoat emerges from under his bed and batters him to a very gory death with a pair of paperweights. Frank arrives a few minutes later and finds the body. The strange-looking "child" jumps on him like some aggressive animal, clawing at him until it suddenly falls off his back to the floor and seemingly dies. Frank picks up the phone to call the police. Back at Frank's house, Ruth Mayer answers a phone call from Nola calling from the institute, who then goes in a berserk rage when Ruth answers the phone and suspects that she is having an affair with her husband. At the police station, Frank gives his statement and then meets the pathologist who performed the autopsy on the mysterious 'child creature' that attacked him where the doctor tells him that the creature died simply because: "it ran out of gas". Or more likely "its batteries expired". The pathologist points out that the creature has strange eyes, no sexual organs, and no navel. "This creature has never really been born... at least not the way human beings are born" says the pathologist. Raglan (as Ruth Mayer) speaks to Nola, Raglan/Ruth says that Frank will divorce Nola and marry her. The jealous Nola screams to leave Frank alone. When Frank gets home from the police station, Ruth leaves in a hurry. He finds Candy cowering in a corner of her bedroom after a nightmare. He tells her that the 'thing' is dead. The next morning, Raglan reads about Barton Kelly's murder. Taking a gun from his desk, he instructs his assistant, Chris, to get all the patients out of the institute. Meanwhile, Frank visits the hospital where Mike is now a fellow patient of Hartog's and is told that Nola is in fact the only patient at Somafree. Mike becomes angry about being dumped by his "daddy", his face becomes one giant red sore. Frank takes Candy to school. In Ruth Mayer's art class, two 'children creatures' in pastel coats with hoods pick up wooden hammers and beat Ruth mercilessly to a gory death. Alerted by a boy's cries for help, Frank enters the classroom to find Ruth dead, and Candy gone. At the institute, Raglan wakes Nola. She relates a dream that Candy was coming back to her, and says she doesn't feel threatened by Ruth Mayer any more. At the same time, Candy is being led along a snowy highway by the two creatures. That evening, Mike turns up on Frank's doorstep raving about: "the disturbed kids in the work shed. The ones your wife's taking care of." Frank drives to the Somafree Institute where outside Raglan pulls a gun on him, saying they'll kill him if he tries to take Candy away from them. In a long monologue, Raglan tells Frank that the child creatures that have been doing all the killing are Nola's children. "Nola is not their surrogate mother, she's their real mother." They are the Brood; the parthenogenesis 'children' of Nola's rage. Over the past year-and-a-half Nola's psychoplasmics have manifested into these children which carry out her bidding whenever she's in an angry mood. Raglan tells Frank that Candy is locked up in the attic where the Brood are being kept, and that if he wants Candy back, Frank must go to Nola to convince her that he wants Candy back to live with him. If he can do that, the Brood will be neutral so Raglan can go into the attic and take Candy, if not... the Brood will attack as long as Nola is in a rage. While Raglan waits outside the attic door where the Brood are being kept, Frank goes to Nola's room. He finds Nola rocking back and forth, wearing a white robe bathed in light. Nola wakes from her trance-like state and seems happy that he has come to see her. Frank says that he wants to be back with her. (Note: throughout the entire movie, Nola is only shown from the chest up which is apparently to hide something). At this point, Nola throws back her white robe, revealing an umbilical cord and external sac on her abdomen. The years of the welts that have appeared on her chest have merged together to create this womb outside her body as an incubator for the Brood that she produces. Frank recoils in horror and disgust. In the attic, Raglan quietly enters where all the sleeping Brood lie in their bunk beds. He finds Candy in one and picks her up to carry her out. Just then, the Brood stirs, sensing Nola's mounting anger. In Nola's room, she tears open the sac, removing a bloody 'infant' which she licks clean, as an animal might after having given birth. Frank's true feelings towards all this become apparent to Nola and her rage erupts. In the attic, the Brood finally become active, leaping on Raglan, who manages to shoot a few of them, but he gets overwhelmed and beaten to death by the Brood. In Nola's room, she angrily tells Frank that she would see Candy die then let him take her away. Upstairs, the Brood then turn their attention to the petrified Candy who runs and locks herself in the closet room in the attic, but they break through the door to grab at her. Frank attacks Nola and strangles her to death with his bare hands to save Candy when he hears the noises coming from the attic. When Nola stops breathing, all is suddenly silent. Frank goes upstairs to the attic to find all the Brood dead outside the room where Candy locked herself in, realizing that the Brood died without their mother's connection. Raglan is also dead nearby having been beaten to death and lying next to a few of the Brood he managed to kill before being overwhelmed. Candy is quivering in a corner of the room and Frank enters picks her up and tells her that he is taking her home. As Frank drives home with Candy, she seems to have withdrawn into a state of shock and cannot speak. Frank doesn't notice two raised lumps on her left arm... signs of her inner rage. The welts suggests that eventually like mother, like daughter...
tt0075925
Adventure,Mystery,Thriller
While scuba-diving near shipwrecks off Bermuda, vacationing couple David Sanders (Nick Nolte) and his British girlfriend Gail Berke (Jacqueline Bisset) recover a number of artifacts, including an ampule of amber-colored liquid and a medallion bearing the image of a woman and the letters "O.P.N.S.C" (meaning Ora pro nobis, Santa Clara) and a date, 1714. Sanders and Berke seek the advice of lighthouse-keeper and treasure-hunter Romer Treece (Robert Shaw) on the origin of the medallion, who identifies the item as Spanish and takes an interest in the young couple. The ampule is noticed by the man who had rented diving equipment to Sanders and Berke, which in turn attracts the attention of Henri Cloche (Louis Gossett, Jr), a local drug kingpin for whom the shop owner works, who wants to buy the ampule with no luck and then begins to terrorize the couple with Haitian black magic. Upon further examination by Treece, the ampule contains medicinal morphine from the Goliath, a ship that sank during World War II with a cargo of munitions and medical supplies. The wreck of the Goliath is considered dangerous and is posted as off-limits to divers due to the danger of explosions. Treece concludes that a recent storm has exposed her cargo of morphine and unearthed a much older wreck containing Spanish treasure. Treece makes a deal with Cloche, so they can dive in peace making him believe he will get the ampules for a million dollars, while his real plan is to have the chance to find the treasure. Cloche gives him three days to recover them. Over the next two days, Sanders, Berke, and Treece make several dives to the wrecks, recovering thousands of morphine ampules from Goliath and several additional artifacts from the Spanish wreck. Adam Coffin (Eli Wallach), the only survivor from Goliath, joins to help in the boat but his loyalty is not very clear when they get attacked by sharks and he only says "that he probably fell asleep" without noticing they were in trouble. Through research in Treece's library, they reconstruct the history of the lost treasure ship, locate a list of valuable items, including a metallic jar with the letters "EF" engraved on it, and learn the identity of the noblewoman (Isabella Farnese) for whom they were made by the king of Spain. Sanders is determined to locate at least one item on the list to establish provenance; since without it there is no value to the treasure. Treece wishes to destroy the Goliath to put the morphine out of reach of Cloche; and Cloche interferes with their efforts so that he can recover the morphine for himself. During a running series of conflicts Treece's friend Kevin (Robert Tessier) is murdered by one of Cloche's henchmen and Adam, betrays them and is killed when he triggers a booby-trap while trying to steal the recovered morphine. A climactic battle during the final dive ensues, with Cloche and his divers being killed by a large morey eel residing in the wreck. The conflict also results in the destruction of the Goliath when its explosive cargo is detonated. Neverless, Sanders, Berke, and Treece survive and recover a gold dragon necklace that will provide the needed provenance of the treasure.
tt0077681
Horror,Thriller
The film begins somewhere in the rural southwest USA in a desert ghost town. At the town's sole gas station, called Fred's Oasis, an old man named Fred (John Steadman) is seen packing his truck and drinking alcohol, looking very worried. He frequently glances at the arid and barren landscape around him, and makes continual comments about "them" and what "they" would do to him if they ever found out he was escaping. Suddenly, a ragged and somewhat feral teenage girl turns up. Annoyed, Fred asks the girl at what she is doing there... addressing her as Ruby (Janus Blythe). She offers to trade what she has in her bag for food and the old man refuses. They move into a small cabin to talk and Fred scolds her for what she and "they" have done recently. Ruby says that her family ambushed a group of passing tourists at the nearby closed-down airfield because they were hungry and no one passes by their home anymore. She pleads with Fred to take her away with him, but he mocks her and says she could never live with normal people in an urban environment. He demands to know whether "the pack," in particular someone named Jupiter, knows what she is doing. He warns her of the danger she is in if Jupiter knows, and she retorts that her "Pa" would do the same to Fred if he knew he was getting away from town. A noise distracts them and Ruby hides. A large stationwagon pulling a large trailer pulls into the filling station. They make up of Carter family on vacation. They make up of 65-year-old Bob Carter (Russ Grieve) a retired policeman and his homemaker wife Ethel (Virginia Vincent). They are driving the family car accompanied by their twin teenage children Bobby (Robert Houston), and Brenda (Susan Lanier), and eldest daughter Lynne (Dee Wallace), along with Lynne's husband Doug (Martin Speer) and their baby daughter Katy (Brenda Marinoff). They stop at Fred's Oasis for fuel and to allow themselves and the family's German Shepherd dogs, Beauty and Beast, to stretch. Bob asks Fred for directions to the nearby interstate for they are on their way to California to visit an old silver mine left behind by the late Bob's father. Fred tells them to be sure and stay on the main road. Later, as the Carter family continue on their way, the road they are traveling on becomes an unpaved dirt road and soon they skid off the road and crash their station wagon (due to what is revealed to be a booby-trap). Bob leaves Bobby a pistol and heads back to Fred's Oasis on foot to get help. Doug heads off in the forward direction hoping to find someone. Ethel, Bobby, Brenda, and Lynne remain behind with the trailer and their car, which upon inspection has a broken axle. When one of the family dogs, Beauty, runs off, Bobby chases after her, only to find the dog dead having been killed and disemboweled by unseen assailants who are spying on the Carter family from the nearby hills and communicating with each other by walkie-talkies. Bobby returns to the trailer, but keeps the information to himself. Doug returns soon after, telling them that the dirt road led to a dead end and that he found numerous abandoned vehicles in a large crater at the end of the desert road. When Bobby tries to use their CB radio to call for help, they recieve strange responses from the other end of the line. As night falls, Bob has arrived back at the gas station, where Fred attacks him then tells him the origin of the hill people. It turns out that Fred's son, Jupiter, and Jupiter's family of deranged cannibals dwell in the barren wilderness through which the Carters are traveling. They are commanded by Papa Jupiter (James Whitworth), the patriarch of the clan. He was born a mongoloid monster and killed his mother, Fred's wife, at childbirth. As a child he was vicious and brutal, killing all the livestock on his father's farm, then eventually murdering his sister. Fred eventually reached a breaking point, attacking his son with a tire iron and leaving him in the wilderness to die. The young Jupiter survived, and began living with a depraved, alcoholic prostitute known as Mama. Together they had three sons, the vicious Mars (Lance Gordon), the bald and hideous thug Pluto (Michael Berryman), and the mentally retarded Mercury (Pete Locke) as well as their abused daughter Ruby. They survive in the desert by stealing from and cannibalizing all who cross their path. Papa Jupiter arrives, beats Fred to death with a crowbar, and takes Bob prisoner. Back at the stranded vehicle, Doug and Lynne are spending the night in the family car while everyone else stays in the large trailer. Bobby gets locked out of the trailer and asks Doug for his set of keys. Bobby does not know that the trailer is locked because Pluto is inside looking through their valuables for food while Ethel and Brenda are asleep in the next room. As Bobby uses the keys to enter the trailer, Papa Jupiter sets Bob ablaze on a stake out in the near distance to create a distraction. Ethel, Lynne, Doug, and Bobby rush to Bob, while Brenda stays in the trailer with the baby. Everyone tries to help extinguish the fire, while Pluto reveals himself in the trailer and attacks Brenda. Mars jumps down from the top of the trailer, goes inside, and rapes Brenda. The rest of the Carters extinguish the fire, but Bob dies shortly after. When Ethel and Lynne return to the trailer Pluto jumps out and runs away. Lynne rushes inside to find Mars taking her baby. She attacks Mars as Ethel steps in and hits him with a broom. Mars pulls out a gun and shoots Ethel in the stomach. Brenda rushes in and throws Lynne a knife, which she uses to stab Mars in the leg until he shoots her in the stomach as well. Pluto returns to abduct the baby for a cannibalistic meal and he flees with Mars. Doug rushes in to find his wife dead and Ethel dies shortly thereafter. Of the extended Carter family, only Brenda, Bobby, Doug and (somewhere) baby Katy remain. Doug sets out to find his baby with the surviving dog Beast's help, while Bobby and Brenda remain behind. Back at the cannibal's lair, Ruby is being made to eat the dead dog Beauty as a punishment for attemping to run away. She is chained outside the cave where the clan lives, and Mama torments her. The men of the clan return to the cave where Mercury is pushed to his death off of a hilltop by the Carters' other dog, Beast. Enraged, Papa Jupiter threatens Ruby and vows to avenge his son's death. At dawn the next day, Papa Jupiter and Pluto hurry back to the trailer, vowing to kill the remainder of the Carter family. Doug, meanwhile, spies on the savages' camp. He sees Ruby knock out her Mama and escape with baby Katy into the hills, being followed by Mars who stayed behind to guard Ruby. Doug catches up with Ruby and the baby. Meanwhile, Pluto and Papa Jupiter are on their way to the trailer to kill the rest of the Carter family. Pluto is attacked and incapacitated by Beast. Papa Jupiter runs to the trailer and avoids a trap set by Brenda and Bobby involving the dead Ethel in a lawnchair outside the trailer. They devise another booby-trap, which blows Papa Jupiter and the trailer up when he tries to break in. Bobby goes to check the burning wreckage and is attacked by the injured and badly burned Papa Jupiter. Brenda attacks him with a hatchet and Bobby shoots him to death, killing him at last. Mars follows Doug and Ruby into the hills. Doug turns to confront his pursuer and a brutal fistfight begins with Doug and Mars punching and wrestling each other on the ground. Ruby snares a large rattlesnake nearby and uses it to bite Mars. Taking advantage of the distraction, Doug wrestles Mars' knife away from him and brutally stabbs Mars to death, thus saving the baby. The film ends with a close up of the distraught Doug, who is still stabbing and kicking the dead body of Mars, as Ruby weeps over her brother's body.
tt0091209
Action,Thriller
Jim Halsey (C. Thomas Howell), a young man delivering a car from Chicago to San Diego, spots a man hitchhiking and gives him a ride. The man, giving his name as John Ryder (Rutger Hauer), is a brooding, soft spoken man; when Jim passes a stranded car, however, Ryder's personality suddenly shifts. Ryder calmly states that the reason the car is stranded is because he murdered and mutilated the driver, and he intends to do the same to Jim. Ryder produces a switchblade knife and taunts Jim for several moments, before Jim realizes Ryder never put on his seat belt and that the passenger door isn't fully closed and knocks him out of the car. Relieved, Jim continues on his journey, until a station wagon carrying a family on vacation passes, and Jim is horrified to see that Ryder has hitched a ride with them. Jim attempts to signal the family, but ends up nearly totaling his car; when he finally catches up to the station wagon, Jim discovers the entire family has been horribly mutilated by Ryder. The movie shifts into an elongated chase sequence, which finds Jim trying to flee Ryder both on foot and in his car, to no avail; wherever Jim runs, Ryder finds him: It seems that Ryder, impressed with Jim's show of bravery by knocking him out of the car, has decided that Jim is the man who is finally going to put his killing spree to an end. Jim then finds Ryder at an abandoned gas station. Ryder knocks down the gas pumps with a pickup truck and then lights a match. Both cars drive off and the gas station explodes. Jim retreats to a roadside diner, where he meets a pretty young waitress named Nash (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and calls the police. She then serves him a cheeseburger and french fries. He eats these in solitude, until discovering that one of the fries is a severed finger. Realizing that Ryder is nearby, Jim attempts to flee, but is stopped by the police who promptly place him under arrest, mistakenly thinking that he might be responsible for the dead bodies found by the side of the road. At some point, Ryder pick-pocketed Jim, and placed his wallet at the scene of a murder. Jim is taken to a local jail, booked, and placed in a cell. Sometime later in the day, Jim awakens from a nap to find the police station eerily quiet and his cell door open. Jim slips out to discover the bodies of three murdered policemen. Jim panics, steals a gun and runs from the station house as five police cars arrive. Jim comes to a pay phone and sees two cops pull up. Knowing that Ryder has framed him, Jim points his gun at them and takes the troopers hostage, forcing them to drive him away from the scene. He forces the police officers to get him in touch with the captain, and Jim pleads his case. The captain suspects that Jim is telling the truth, and asks Jim to come meet him. Jim agrees, but just then, Ryder pulls up alongside the car, kills the cops with a revolver, shoots out the radio, and drives away. Jim wanders across the desert to a diner and is confronted by Ryder. When Jim asks Ryder why he's pursuing him, Ryder only replies that Jim should know, then calmly reaches across the table and sticks two pennies over Jim's eyes (an ancient funeral ritual performed on corpses, so that their souls could pay Charon to carry them across Styx to the land of the dead). Jim is left terrified and alone with the pennies on his eyes - and a handful of bullets that Ryder left him for his gun. Jim attempted to shoot Ryder, but only to find that his gun has no bullets. Jim leaves the diner and sneaks onto a Greyhound bus. He then sees that Nash is on the Greyhound. He pulls Nash into the bus's bathroom and convinces her that he's innocent. Before the two can act, the police stop the bus and attempt to arrest Jim. But the hot-tempered Trooper Hancock (Henry Darrow) means to kill Jim because one of the policemen murdered by Ryder was his brother. Nash takes Jim's gun and pulls it on the two officers, and she and Jim flee in a police car. They're chased by two more police cars and Jim is forced to blow out their tires and cause them to collide with one another. Then a police chopper arrives and starts taking pot shots at Jim. Then Ryder pulls up, shoots the chopper down and drives away. The pair hide out in a roadside motel, but while Jim is taking a shower, Ryder breaks into the room and kidnaps Nash, dragging her to a truck stop parking lot where he ties her between a Mack truck and its trailer, threatening to tear her in half if he doesn't speak to Jim. The police, now convinced of Jim's innocence, enlist him to try to negotiate with Ryder. In the cab of the truck, Ryder demands that Jim shoot him. Jim refuses, saying that if he were to shoot Ryder, Ryder's foot will slip from the clutch, killing Nash anyway. Furious, Ryder insults Jim and then shifts both the clutch and the accelerator - the truck screams forward, killing Nash. Police swarm the truck and arrest both Ryder and Jim. At the station, the authorities are bewildered, unable to find any information on Ryder: He has no social security number, no driver's license, no indication that he has ever existed. All that the police can determine is that Ryder is a serial/spree killer and a threat which the local department cannot handle, and arrange to have him transported for holding at a state prison. Before Ryder is placed into a transport van, the police allow Jim to see him in the interrogation room. Ryder seems pleased to see Jim and touches his hand. Jim responds by spitting in Ryder's face. The police cover Ryder in shackles and chains and place him in the back of a prison bus, escorted by multiple officers. As Jim is loaded into a police car to be taken to his family, he finally decides to murder Ryder. Jim steals Captain Esteridge's gun and hijacks the squad car, chasing the prison bus. As Jim pulls up on it, the back doors fly open, to reveal the entire police escort murdered and a bloody, still partially chained Ryder clutching a shotgun. As the van veers out of control, Ryder leaps off the back of the van and crashes through the window of the police car Jim is driving. Jim slams on the brakes, throwing Ryder off; the sudden braking, though, causes the police car to stall, and a bloody Ryder lifts himself from the highway, picks up his shotgun, and begins firing it into the police car. Jim avoids the damage of the blasts by lying sideways, repeatedly turning the ignition key and pumping the gas pedal in an effort to restart the car; he eventually restarts the car, and slams it into Ryder, throwing him off the side of the highway. Jim slips out of the car, picks up the still-loaded shotgun, and inspects Ryder's corpse. Satisfied that Ryder is dead, he turns around and heads back to the police car when he hears movement behind him. As he stops, Jim is not surprised that Ryder is alive and standing up. Ryder smiles at Jim and throws his shackles down at Jim's feet. Jim responds by emptying the remaining shotgun shells into Ryder's body, at last killing him, and leaving Jim alone in the desert to light up a cigarette and watch the sun set over the horizon.
tt0102603
Comedy,Crime
In the prologue, gangster Angelo Snaps Provolone promises his dying father (Kirk Douglas) that he will give up a life of crime, and instead "go straight". A month later, Snaps awakes at his mansion and begins his important morning. He has a meeting with several prominent bankers, as he hopes to donate a large sum of cash and join the banks board of trustees, thereby having an honest job and keeping his word to his father. Anthony Rossano, Snaps's young, good-natured accountant, arrives at the mansion and tells his boss that hes in love, asks for a 250% raise, then tells Snaps the true love he speaks of is actually "Snaps's daughter." Snaps is furious, does not want his daughter marrying Anthony and goes to talk to his daughter, Lisa. Lisa is the only child of Snaps and Sofia, a spoiled daughter whose dreams of seeing the worlds great sights run into a roadblock because of her overly protective father. Wishing to move out of the house, she lies to her parents (at the suggestion of the maid, Nora) and claims to be pregnant. Snaps, believing the father to be Anthony (as he wants to marry "Snaps's daughter"), is shocked when Lisa says the father is Oscar, the former chauffeur who is now out of the country. Things get even more complicated when Anthony learns that Theresa, the woman he fell in love with, is not actually Snaps' daughter as she had claimed to be. Before Anthony can catch on, Snaps tricks him into agreeing to marry his actual daughter, Lisa, who is supposedly pregnant but without a husband. Both Lisa and Anthony are unhappy at the hasty arrangement, and the pair luck out when Lisa falls in love with someone else: Dr. Thornton Poole, Snaps' dialectician. Meanwhile, local police lieutenant Toomey is keeping an eye on the mansion, believing that Snaps is meeting with Chicago mobsters soon. Also watching Snaps is mob rival Vendetti, who, too, believes that Snaps is meeting Chicago mobsters. Vendetti plans a hit on Snaps in the early afternoon while Toomey plans a raid at the same time to catch Snaps red-handed. While Anthony seeks out Theresa, Snaps meets his mansion's new maid, Roxie. As it turns out, Roxie is an old flame of Snaps, and the pair talk memories and the life that never was. Theresa comes to the mansion and is revealed to be Roxie's daughter - who was actually fathered by Snaps long ago - making Snaps her dad after all. The impromptu celebration of both his daughters' engagements is cut short by the arrival of the bankers. During the meeting, Snaps senses the bankers are giving him a raw deal. The meeting is interrupted by police officers and Toomey, who is embarrassed to find no money or gangsters present on site. He leaves the mansion just in time for Vendetti's car full of armed men to crash right outside. Toomey smiles for reporters and arrests the men. With no hope to actually become a banker, Snaps decides to abandon his short-lived honest ways and return to a life of crime. The final scene of the movie shows a double wedding for both his daughters. Oscar himself finally appears and objects to Lisa's marriage, but he is carried off by Snaps' men and the weddings end happily. Throughout the movie, 3 black leathered bags are seen. One is filled with $50,000 cash. Another one with $50,000 worth of jewelry. And the last one with Nora's underwear(the maid). Many times during the movie, the bags are switched around by many characters resulting in more problems for Snaps. Toomey, watching Snaps' house in search of suspicious activities, sees the bags move in and out of the house on many occasions and believes those bags are filled with drug money and that a serious deal is about to go down. In the end, the maid ends up with the jewels and the money bags while Snaps ends up with the underwear bag. A fact he is angry but relieved to find out when Toomey breaks in his house for a bust but cannot find any proofs against Snaps. It is never revealed if Snaps ever got his jewels or money back.
tt0097138
Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller
"First there was the collapse of civilization...anarchy, genocide, starvation...then we got the plague." Cyborg is about the post-apocalyptic struggle for survival of an urban ninja named Gibson (Jean-Claude Van Damme). The movie opens with a man and woman in jumpsuits fleeing sociopathic pirates (they have a boat) led by Fender (Vincent Klyn), a buff-looking guy wearing chainmail and sunglasses. The jumpsuited-man tries to hold off the pirates while his counterpart escapes. He is quickly killed by the feral pirate horde. Apparently the jumpsuited woman, named Pearl (Dayle Haddon), is a CYBORG and has obtained the cure for the plague in New York and is storing it in her brain/hard drive. Fender wants the cure for himself, so he commands his crew to capture the CYBORG. Pearl gets trapped in an alley by a trio of pirates, but they are quickly dispatched by the agile Gibson who happens upon the scene. She tries to hire him to take her back to the last group of doctors in Atlanta, who originally tasked her with finding the cure. They are interrupted by a pirate sniping at them with a crude-looking gun and Gibson is forced to run into a wood structure, which collapses on him. Fender takes possession of Pearl and heads back to his ship, destined for Atlanta. Gibson punches his way out of the rubble and follows Fender to the harbor. He finds a burning village and Fender already gone. While staring at the fire he notices movement in the shadows and throws an unknown projectile, hitting someone. The person turns out to be a villager that survived Fender's attack, named Nady (Deborah Richter). While waiting for her to awaken, he has a flashback to a previous family that hired him to get them out of New York. It shows Gibson leading them to a house in the country and then violent images involving Fender. Gibson waits for Nady to wake up and then he leaves. She offers to help him rescue Pearl, but all he cares about is getting Fender. They set off on the road to Charleston. Gibson and Nady stop for information in a shantytown where he talks with his friend Maize (Jophery C. Brown), who tells him where he can catch Fender's boat. It is revealed that Gibson had settled down with the family he rescued and given up his previous life. After leaving the shantytown, Gibson and Nady are ambushed by highwaymen. Gibson disappears into the woods and Nady flees to a nearby decrepit building. Gibson kills two of the men while in the woods and runs to the building, where Nady is being held at knife-point. Gibson, using his gun and boot-shiv, takes out the rest of the highwaymen and rescues Nady. The heroes finally reach the ocean where Fender must land and continue inland to Atlanta. Nady takes the opportunity to bathe and Gibson follows suit. While warming up around the campfire, Nady offers herself to Gibson, who declines and seems distracted. He then flashes back to a love scene between Gibson and the oldest girl of the family he rescued. As they lay sleeping on a bed, Fender and his pirates are seen standing at the window. The next morning the heroes find Fender's boat and follow him to an abandoned industrial complex. An intense gun and knife battle takes place, resulting in the death of more pirates and Gibson getting wounded by Fender. Gibson must flee with Nady after Pearl refuses to be rescued, relying on the forces in Atlanta to destroy Fender. Gibson enters the sewer and is followed by the pirates. He stops to kill the biggest pirate (Ralf Moeller) and then exits the sewer onto a field, where he and Nady begin frantically running. The pirates catch up to them and Gibson kills a few before being overpowered. Nady takes out one pirate but is knocked out (again). Fender proceeds to beat Gibson to a bloody mess and then nails him to the mast of a beached boat, leaving him to die. While hanging from the mast, Gibson flashes back for the last time to his adopted family in the country. He and the oldest girl and her little brother are tied up with barbwire hanging over a well. Fender gives the barbwire to the younger sister Haley (Haley Peterson) and tells her if she can hold it, her family will live. The wire rips through her hands and the family falls into the well. Gibson manages to climb out of the well, but the girl and her brother have died. Hanging on the mast, Gibson recognizes Haley as being Fender's woman now. Summoning his rage, Gibson breaks the mast with his heel and falls to the ground, where he is cut free by Nady. Fender and Pearl enter Atlanta and reach the center of the city by nightfall. In the rain, Gibson and Nady prepare for their ambush. Gibson gives Nady a knife and she runs to hide. Gibson fires a single arrow at Fender as he approaches. The arrow lands at his feet and Fender orders the remnants of his pirates to attack. Gibson deals with them while Nady sneaks up and takes out the two pirates guarding Pearl. Nady fends off the last pirate as Gibson and Fender commence their final showdown. Halfway through the fight, Haley yells at Fender to stop and he goes after her instead. Nady prevents Fender from killing Haley, but is slashed by his knife in the process. Gibson recovers and stabs Fender, finally kicking him onto a large hook which kills him. Gibson, Haley, and Pearl then mourn Nady's death. The trio arrive at the Atlanta facility and Pearl asks Gibson and Haley to stay, but alas they belong on the streets where they can help others. They leave as Pearl enters the facility and the armored door closes behind her.
tt0080117
Drama
Set in the Bronx, New York City in the year 1963, the film opens with Richie (Ken Wahl), the leader of an Italian-American street gang called 'The Wanderers' persuades his girlfriend Despie (Toni Kalem) to go "all the way" as a World War II Hollywood war movie plays on a TV set. They have sex for the first time. Over the opening credits, we are introduced to "Baldies" a 40-strong gang of the most fearsome-looking hooligans, distinguished by their shaved heads and black leather jackets, gathering on a street corner under the command of their and their burly leader, known only as "Terror" (Erland Van Lidth) Nearby, Joey (John Friedrich), a feisty member the Wanderers, tries to persuade his friend Turkey (Alan Rosenburg) (who has just shaved his own head) not to join the Baldies. When Joey, being small but foolishly brave, insults the group's appearance, he is heard by Pee Wee (Linda Manz), a teenage tomboy and the sole member of the Baldies Ladies Auxuilary. The Baldies, including Terror and Pee Wee, chase Joey and Turkey who must literally run for their lives. As Joey runs through the streets, he signals the Wanderers for help. Richie along with another Wanderer member, named Buddy (Jim Youngs), appear, but when they see the Baldies, they join Joey and Turkey in flight. Cornered by the Baldies in a back alleyway, the four Wanderers prepare to fight. Suddenly, a tough, confident stranger named Perry (Tony Ganios) appears and intimidates the Baldies. Perry all by himself beats up several of the brawler Baldies forcing them to retreat. Terror then appears and confronts Perry. But after tense silence, to the other Wanderers' surprise, Terror suddenly backs down from fighting Perry and orders his henchmen to withdraw. Perry then leaves before the Wanderers have a chance to thank him. Later that evening, Joey meets Perry once again and learns that he lives right in his apartment building. Perry, a fellow Italian, has recently transferred to the all-boys high school that the Wanderers attend from New Jersey. Joey invites Perry to join the Wanderers and informs him that being a member of a gang is necessary for protection. Both Joey and Perry have trouble at home; Joey is afraid of his abusive and macho father Emilio (William Andrews), while Perry's widowed mother (never seen on-camera) is an alcoholic. In class, Perry watches as an argument escalates between African American and Italian students when their teacher Mr. Sharp (Val Avery) tries to teach them "brotherhood" in co-existing with each other. The argument turns violent as Richie, the leader of the Wanderers, agrees to meet gang leader Clinton (Michael Wright) and his African American followers, the "Del Bombers," for a fight on Saturday, but without guns or knives. In the meantime, Richie tries to build an alliance with the violent Irish gang, known as the "Ducky Boys," and the "Wongs," who are the Chinese, but both groups are distrustful of his offer. Although "Turkey" was a member of the Wanderers in high school, he admires the Baldies, and, still hoping to join them, he encourages Richie to reach out to the group, but Richie rejects the idea. Later, the Baldies harass Richie and Joey, while Turkey is forced to betray his friends and participate in the bullying. After the incident, Richie accepts an offer of assistance from the local Italian mafia boss owner Chubby Galasso (Dolph Sweet), who is the father of Despie. At his bowling alley, Chubby bashes a group of hustlers in front of Richie to demonstrate his authority, which leaves a chilling impression on the teenager. Instead of fighting the Del Bombers, Chubby tells Richie to settle the matter in a football game, and Chubby and his friends will bet money on the Wanderers, who are undefeated this season. To negotiate the arrangement, Chubby welcomes representatives from the Del Bombers to the bowling alley. Sometime later, Richie, Joey, Perry, and Buddy flirt with women on the sidewalk by bumping into them so they can grab at their breasts. Here, Richie meets Nina (Karen Allen), a young non-Italian teenager who is immediately attracted to Richie. Since Richie has a girl friend, Joey shouts out his telephone number to Nina. The friends follow Nina's car, but they take a wrong turn and arrive in an area controlled by the Ducky Boys. A fight ensues, and Perry's arm is broken by a baseball bat. After returning home that evening, Joey and Perry see Joey's father leaving Perry's mother's apartment... implying that they have been sleeping with each other. However, Joey is thrilled when Nina telephones and wants to join him and the Wanderers for a party, hosted by Despie at her parents' house. At the party that Saturday night, although Richie is captivated by Nina, he encourages best friend Joey to seduce her. In a separate room from the party guests, Richie and Joey play strip poker with Nina and Despie, which the guys cheat at. During the game, Despie notices Richie's interest in Nina and storms away. As soon as they are alone together, Richie and Nina kiss, then they leave to have sex in her car. Meanwhile, the Baldies are at their street corner hangout when in a drunken state, they are observed by a US Marine recruitment sergeant (Burrt Harris) working at an Armed Forces recruitment office. He invites the Baldies into his office and tricks them into joining the Marines, much to Pee Wee's dismay. Now intoxicated and looking to incite a ruckus, the Baldies arrive at the Galasso house and instruct Turkey to go inside and bring back women. As Turkey surprises the party-goers, he is assaulted by Perry. The Baldies, meanwhile, abandon their new recruit and drive away. Outside, Joey is shocked to see Richie seducing Nina in the car. When Richie tries to explain, Joey punches him and walks away, while Despie is tearful and curses her boyfriend. Elsewhere, Turkey runs through the streets to find the Baldies, but he becomes lost and encounters the Ducky Boys who are attending mass at a local church. Turkey then foolishly propositions one of the Ducky Boy leaders who investigates Turkey's shouting. The Ducky Boys then chase Turkey and terrorize him. After climbing up an elevated subway structure, Turkey looses his balance and plunges to his death. Later, at school, Joey mourns Turkey, telling classmates that he will be missed. Meanwhile, the Wanderers continue to ignore Richie for his betrayal of Joey. A few days later, on November 22, 1963, Richie and Despie encounter each other at a storefront, where the news of President Kennedy's assassination unfolds on television, they comfort one another and reconcile. Despie reveals she is pregnant as a result of their one-time sexual encounter. Chubby then confronts the young man and declares that he must take responsibility and marry his daughter and move into their house. Without waiting for a reply, Chubby congratulates Richie and calls him son-in-law. Elsewhere, Joey tries to cope with his abusive father, Emilio, while making a banner for the football game. On the day of the event at Van Courtland Park, the Del Bombers arrive at the stadium with confidence, accompanied by cheerleaders and music. Meanwhile, Richie hides on the sidelines while the Wanderers start the game, and Joey replaces him as quarterback. As the Del Bombers take a commanding lead, Joey becomes frustrated. Richie then arrives on the field, apologizes to his friend and guides the team toward tying the score. Suddenly, a large number of Ducky Boys appear at the stadium, wielding sticks and knives. As spectators flee, the Wanderers and the Del Bombers brace for a fight. Displaying their martial arts skills, the Wongs also enter the melee and assault the Ducky Boys. Joey's brutish father also joins the action. Despite the injuries, the combined alliance of gangs impedes the attack, and the Ducky Boys scramble from the field. In his rage to fight, however, Emilio strikes his son, knocking him to the ground. Afterward, Joey stays with Perry and declares he is never returning home, while Perry shares that his mother is an alcoholic. The two friends plan to drive out of town that night and leave for California to begin a new life. Emilio then arrives at the apartment. When he intimidates his son, Perry defends Joey, and a fight ensues. Joey hits his father on the head with a glass bottle, and the boys flee. Later, the Wanderers, the Del Bombers, and the Wongs surprise Richie with a bachelor party at the restaurant where he works as a dishwasher. Even Pee Wee attends the party, revealing that Terror and all of the Baldies are gone, having left days earlier for Marine boot camp. During the celebration, Chubby offers Richie a job in his organization, and Richie is too afraid to refuse; he will join the "family business". Unexpectedly, Richie sees Nina walking past the restaurant and follows her. Through a window, he watches with regret as she meets her parents at a folk song nightclub. Bob Dylan is performing at the club with the song "The Times They Are a-Changin'". Accepting that their brief relationship is over, Richie makes his way back to the party. When Richie returns to his bachelor party, Joey and Perry announce that they are leaving town for Los Angeles and say goodbye. Richie is despondent, but he is soon uplifted as the guests sing the song, "The Wanderer," in his honor. The final shot shows Joey and Perry driving away into New Jersey and heading for a new life in California.
tt0111418
Comedy,Romance,Drama
Through a beurocratic error, a beautiful coed is assigned to share a room with two guys in an all-male dorm at a large university. All three fall into an sexualised friendship that reveals three unrequited loves.
tt0083972
Horror,Thriller
Picking up from the previous film's events with a flashback sequence, Jason (Richard Brooker) has survived his attack from Paul and Ginny, and migrates to a store where he changes clothes and then murders the store owners, the henpecked Harold (Steve Susskind) with a meat cleaver into his chest and his shrewd wife Edna (Cheri Maugans) with a knitting needle through the back of her head, before moving on to a nearby lake front property named Higgins Haven. At the same time, 18-year-old Chris Higgins (Dana Kimmell), who was attacked by a mysterious, disfigured stranger in the woods near Crystal Lake two years earlier, returns to the property with her friends; Debbie (Tracie Savage), Debbie's boyfriend Andy (Jeffrey Rogers), dim-witted prankster Shelly (Larry Zimmer), Vera (Catherine Parks), and stoners Chuck (David Katims) and Chilli (Rachel Howard). After meeting Abel, an inebriated, religious fanatic derelict who warns them to turn back, the gang meets Chris' boyfriend Rick (Paul Kratka) at their destination; Higgins Haven. Chris intends to face her fears; however, none of her friends know that an unmasked and reclusive Jason has taken refuge in the barn to recover from his wounds. Meanwhile, Shelly and Vera go shopping at a local supermarket to get food and supplies when they get into trouble with a three-person biker gang, called the Black Widows, led by a brutal woman named Fox (Gloria Charles). When Shelly accidentally knocks over their motorcycles outside the store, Fox and her two minions Ali (Nick Savage) and Loco (Kevin O'Brien) follow Shelly and Vera back to Higgin's Haven. However, they are dealt with by Jason before they can do any real damage except for taking the gas out of the gang's van. While looking around the barn in fascination, Fox is murdered with a pitchfork to her neck. Loco looks for her and gets impaled with another pitchfork. Ali is next when he enters the barn and finds the two's corpses. He attacks the unseen Jason, but gets bludgeoned with a 10" pipe wrench. At nightfall, Jason continues lurking around the barn while spying on the kids who settle down for a party at the nearby cabin. When Chris and Rick go for a walk in the woods, Jason wanders out of the barn to cause more harm again. At first, Jason only harasses them from a distance. When Chuck goes to an outhouse to take a dump and smoke more pot, Jason walks past and bangs on the walls of the outhouse before retreating. Later, Shelly, wearing a wet-suit and a Red Wings hockey mask plans another scare prank against Vera who is siting on a pier beside Higgins Lake. After Vera angrily tells Shelly to go off, he wanders into the barn where Jason slits his throat and takes his hockey mask, now concealing his deformity. Taking the spear-gun that Shelly had with him, Jason (fully masked) walks out of the barn and sees Vera wading out in the shallow water to get Shelly's wallet after she accidentally drops it in the water. Thinking it's Shelly, Jason shoots Vera right in her left eye, killing her as her body falls in the water. Jason then discards the spend spear-gun. With Vera killed, Jason finally sneaks into the house, where he continues onward with his killing spree. After Andy and Debbie have sex, she goes to the bathroom for a shower, but gets surprised by Andy, who is walking on his hands. Jason sneaks up to him and horizontally murders him with a machete. Debbie leaves the shower and rests in her hammock in her bedroom, where she soon discovers Andy's horizontally-split body hanging from an overhead plank and gets stabbed through the hammock with a kitchen knife. Next, Jason disables the power to the cabin by tampering with a fuse box. When Chuck goes to the basement to fix it, Jason approaches him from behind and shoves his face on the circuit panel, electrocuting him. At the same time, Shelly, who is still alive, stumbles into the cabin before dying where Chilli finds him. She is quickly attacked and killed by Jason who shoves a hot fireplace poker through her stomach. When Chris and Rick return they find the place empty. They split up to find out what's going on. Rick, outside, is attacked by Jason, who kills him by crushing his head. One of his eyes pops out. After finding the corpse of Loco, Jason then confronts Chris with a felling ax, and a climactic chase ensues with the two of them exchanging attacks. During this chase, she slows him down by knocking a bookshelf onto him, then stabs him in his left leg with the same knife used to kill Debbie (Just before Jason throws it at a wall, which nearly hits Chris), and then bashes him with a fireplace log. Chris tries to escape in the van and almost hits Jason, but it soon runs out of gas (due to the biker gang's vandalism), forcing her to run back to the barn to hide. Jason enters the barn and arms himself with a machete and confronts Chris on the barn's rafter, but she manages to subdue him by bashing him on his head with a shovel. She defeats Jason by tying him to a rope and hanging him, but Jason survives the hanging and briefly shows his real disfigured face to Chris while trying to get the noose off his neck. She recognizes him as the man who attacked her two years ago. As Jason proceeds to attack Chris with his machete, one of the bikers, Ali (who survived his attack), attempts to get revenge on Jason, but Jason cuts off his right hand and kills him. While Jason is killing Ali, Chris picks up a felling ax and slams it down to Jason's skull, causing him to stagger and fall over, seemingly killing him. Chris then wanders over to the lake and falls asleep in a canoe that drifts into the middle of the lake. The next morning, she wakes up in the canoe, when suddenly she sees Jason (now unmasked and bloody from the ax cut) appearing from an upper window, causing him to run outside to the lake to attack, but sees that it was just a part of her imagination. Reliving, suddenly she gets pulled into the water by a decaying Mrs. Voorhees (who has her head still intact). It is revealed that it was just a disturbed nightmare and at some point later, the police take Chris (mentally disturbed from the events) off the property into the police car as they drive off. The film ends with Jason's deceased corpse, still with the ax intact in his head and showing the lake in peace once again.
tt0093777
Horror
The movie opens with a dying priest clutching a metal box. The priest was protecting the box and soon it is found out why. The box contains a key that opens an area beneath a derelit church. The area contains a room that holds a terrifying secret. A Vicar (Donald Pleasence) begs for help from a professor called Howard Birack (Victor Wong) and a group of physics students to investigate this room and a mysterious cylinder in the basement of the derelict Los Angeles church. The cylinder contains a twisting, green gooey liquid. The students attending the experiment are Walter, Susan, Wyndham, Kelly, Lisa and Catherine. Among these people investigating this is a Metaphysican who is named in the film as Marsh (Jameson Parker). Next to the cylinder is a book inscribed in three different languages which they try to decypher. After reading the written passages found next to the cylinder, it is discovered that the liquid is actually Satan, the devil incarnate. The liquid itself appears to be a living organism, producing increasingly complex data that is revealed by computer decoding to include differential equations and sending the computers into data overload. One of the students decides to call it a night and is brutally murdered by a tramp (Alice Cooper) with part of a bicycle frame. Another student called Wyndham is brutally stabbed with scissors after having bugs crawl on his face and body. The next two days develops into something sinister, small jets of liquid escape the cylinder and possess the group one at a time, causing them to attack and incapacitate the remaining students. From outside Wyndham returns back from the dead and says he has a message from Satan for the rest of the group and just after he says the words: "You're not going to like it". His body erupts with beetles emerging from his body. He loses his head and more bugs crawl out until he whole body disolves and only his suit remains. A student called Conor tries to take his own life with a piece of stair bannister that he proceeds to jab into his throat. They try to escape the church and they are stopped outside by possessed homeless people who are trying to kill them. Birack and the Vicar soon start to realise that Satan is actually the son of an even more dangerous and powerful force of evil, the "Anti-God",who Satan plans to bring into this world and therefore damn it for eternity. The survivors that still remain find themselves sharing the same dream, apparently a subconcious vision that has been sent as a warning to not just the group but also mankind from the future year which is supposed to be taken in the year 1999 shows a distorted vision sequence of a shadowy figure emerging from the front of the church. The vision and the shadowy figure shown seem to change slightly with each and every reoccurance of the dream. A voice overheard as the vision plays out each time warns the 'dreamer' that they are witnessing an actual broadcast from the future and they must alter the course of events to prevent Satan from completing his evil plan. Eventually, the cylinder is opened and the entire gooey substance is entered orally into the body of Kelly, one of the students who becomes the ultimate incarnate of Satan: A gruesomely disfigured being, with powers of Telekinesis and regeneration, who attempts to bring the Anti-God through a dimensional portal using a powder puff mirror. A task that he fails at first because the mirror is too small to bring his father into the human world. Realising his mistake, Satan finds a larger wall mirror, and begins to pull the Anti-god's hand through it as most of the group are immobilised in fights with the other possessed members. Catherine Danforth (Lisa Blount), who Marsh is in love with, begins to sob. She doesn't know what to do, whether to save Marsh from the possessed Conor or stop Satan's plan. She feels that seeing as she is the only one not immobilised like the others, decides to stop Satan's evil plan and tackles the possessed Kelly with both of them falling through the portal in the mirror. The Vicar then smashes the mirror with an axe, trapping Satan, the Anti-God and Catherine on the other side of the mirror. Catherine is seen briefly on the other side of the mirror reaching desperately out to the portal before it closes, leaving her in total darkness. Immediately the possessed drop dead and the homeless people who are no longer under Satan's spell walk away from the church. Walter sees this as an advange and runs away into the night. The survivors are rescued, feeling relieved that the evil has been prevented and the nightmare is over. At the end, Marsh has the recurring dream again, except that this time it's a possessed version of Catherine that is now the figure emerging from the front of the church as they all visioned earlier. He appears to awaken, and rolls over to find Catherine, gruesomely disfigured with her face covered with blood or what looks like bloody muscle instead of skin, lying in bed with him. He awakes, this time for real. Glistening with sweat, shocked and screaming, he gets up off the bed and approaches his bedroom mirror, hand outstretched. The film cuts to black just before his fingers touch the mirror, thus giving the audience the impression that the horror isn't over....
tt0095294
Horror,Thriller
The movie opens with Captain Elliott Spencer (Doug Bradley) playing with the Lament Configuration box, only to have it send him to Hell and transform him to the Cenobite "Pinhead". Flash forward to the present, where Kirsty Cotton (Ashley Laurence) is placed inside the Channard Institute, a psychiatric hospital, and is questioned by Homicide Detective Bronson (Angus MacInnes). After the police search the house where her father, Larry, her stepmother Julia and her uncle, Frank, all died, they stumble upon the bloody mattress Julia had died upon (from the first film) and bag it as evidence. Kirsty meets Dr. Phillip Channard (Kenneth Cranham) and his assistant Kyle MacRae (William Hope) and she tells her story. Before leaving, Kirsty begs Bronson to burn the mattress as it is the only means of bringing Julia back from Hell. Channard goes and talks to Bronson. During her first night, she has trouble falling asleep when she comes across a young girl named Tiffany (Imogen Boorman), who has a knack for solving puzzles and has been institutionalized for six months. Kirsty has trouble falling asleep as she begins to hear voices and receives a bloody message written on the wall from a skinless human whom she believes is her father: "I AM IN HELL. HELP ME." Kirsty explains the entire story to Channard after she expresses to Kyle that her father may still be alive. Channard steals the mattress and takes it to his home. Kyle sneaks to his house to find that Channard is obsessed with the Lament Configuration box and the portal to Hell. Kyle watches from behind a curtain as Channard brings back a masochistic patient from the ward, handing him a straight razor. The patient slashes himself several times, bleeding onto the mattress. After a few moments, a skinless body emerges from the mattress, draining the patient. The body in the mattress is actually Julia, whom Channard is trying to resurrect with the promise of learning about the afterlife. Channard brings more corpses to his attic where he hides Julia, binding them to the ceiling so Julia can reconstruct her body. After a few victims, she has much of her skin back. Kyle informs Kirsty about what he saw and that he now believes her. They go to Channard's house together, as Kirsty finds a picture of Spencer before he'd become Pinhead. Kyle runs into Julia: at first he has no idea who she is. Julia locks herself with Kyle in Channard's attic, where the corpses of Julia's victims hang rotting. Julia approaches him and envelopes him with her arms. At first, the weak-willed Kyle has no idea who she is, but then he realizes she is the skinless, monstrous thing that destroyed the mental patient on the mattress. Kyle panics and tries to escape, but Julia's grip prevents him from doing so. Julia makes as if she's kissing Kyle, and works him through a process of sucking him dry. Julia and Kirsty finally meet again, and Julia smacks Kirsty as Channard brings another patient: Tiffany. Tiffany is not to be another victim, but is merely being used to open the puzzle box so Channard can experience Hell. The tunnels of Hell are opened and the Cenobites are released, but Pinhead stops the others from killing Tiffany; he notes that it is not merely her solution to the box that opened the gateway, but Channard's. Channard and Julia have both entered the tunnels themselves and begin to explore. Kirsty wakes up and, after seeing what has happened, heads for Hell with the box. When she arrives there, Pinhead finds her and changes the configuration of the box into a long, diamond shape that appears unsolvable. Kirsty takes the puzzle with her, seeking Tiffany to solve it. Julia introduces Channard to the box's realm, which is a series of pathways that form a strange maze. Leviathan, the god of the realm, represented by a much larger version of the puzzle box in the diamond configuration rotates at the center of the maze. Channard sees the horror of Leviathan's Hell and realizes it's beyond his comprehension. When he tries to leave, Julia forces him into a much larger version of the box, where he endures unimaginable pain when his face is strung with wires and organic injection devices fill him with hideous fluids. He emerges from the box some time later, now a Cenobite. A large, slimy tentacle painfully grips the top of his head and becomes his new form of mobility. Kirsty eventually finds Tiffany, and they both try to find an exit. Kirsty sees her father's house, and runs in thinking her father might be inside, but it turns out to be Frank. He is the one who sent Kirsty the message, wanting Kirsty to join him. Frank presides over his own chamber of Hell where shrouded women taunt him, never allowing him any pleasure from them. He tries to attack Kirsty and she responds by starting a fire in the chamber, which also engulfs Frank, burning off his flesh. Julia enters with Tiffany, and Frank invites her to kiss him. Julia betrays him, ripping his heart out as the girls make their escape. The girls try and get sucked through, but Julia catches them and grabs onto Tiffany. In the ensuing scuffle, Julia's flesh is torn whole from her body. Kirsty and Tiffany make their escape back to the hospital, but the Channard Cenobite finds them and gives chase again. Kirsty encounters Pinhead, Butterball, Chatter, and the Female Cenobite. Kirsty gives Pinhead the picture of Elliot Spencer and reminds them that they were all human at one time, until the pain and pleasure of the box got the better of them. Channard arrives to capture Tiffany, while the remaining Cenobites all choose to protect Kirsty. Channard kills all the Cenobites (reverting them back to human form), using strange tentacles with sharp blades and turns Pinhead's face into Elliot. Elliot smiles at Kirsty and allows her to escape before succumbing to his death; Channard slits Elliot's throat. Tiffany decides to go back into Hell and finish what was started. Kirsty follows her, but understands that it's all a puzzle. Tiffany attempts to solve the puzzle, but Channard interferes and attacks both girls. Kirsty retreats. As Channard stalks Tiffany, Julia reappears and distracts him with a kiss, long enough for Tiffany to solve the puzzle. As he tries to kill Tiffany, Channard's tentacles become embedded in the floor and his mobility tentacle rips the top of his head off at the jaw. Tiffany falls over the edge, but Julia catches her and pulls her up (but not before it is revealed that Kirsty has disguised herself in Julia's skin). Both of them escape back to the hospital as the portal closes and they both leave the hospital. Some time later, two movers arrive to pack up all of Channard's belongings before one notices the bloodied mattress. It kills him as the second mover enters the room. A pillar rises up and spins around, showing the near-dead Cenobite Pinhead screaming (Geoffrey Portass) as well as "Skinless" Julia, before stopping. The last head (Little John) is revealed to be the same man from the first film, who ends the movie by asking: "What is your pleasure, sir?" (the similar line the first film ends with).
tt0120694
Horror,Thriller
Marion Whittington (Nancy Stephens)--formerly Marion Chambers--returns home to find that her house has been broken into. She goes to her neighbors and phones the police, but her teenage neighbor insists on investigating her house. After getting the all-clear, Marion goes in and finds that her office has been ransacked; she was responsible for taking care of Dr. Sam Loomis, now deceased, and she discovers that the file she kept on Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) has been stolen. Marion feels as if she's not alone in the house. Rushing next door, she finds her teenage neighbors murdered, and Michael Myers appears, wearing a trademark white mask. Michael stalks and kills Marion, then gets into a car and drives off just as the police arrive to investigate the break-in, discovering the bodies. Laurie has relocated to California. She is now known as Keri Tate, headmistress of a small private prep school. Laurie has a teenage son named John (Josh Hartnett), and the two of them live on campus with the rest of the students. Laurie still struggles with the events of Halloween night 1978, when Michael Myers stalked her and killed those around her. As a means to escape her past, she faked her death and has been living under her assumed identity of Keri ever since. Her past trauma, as well as the stress of living under false pretense, has turned her into a functioning alcoholic. She is also heavily dependent on medication for her emotional condition. Laurie has a secretary named Norma (Janet Leigh) who dotes on her like a parent, and notices how Laurie gets particularly shaken around Halloween. Laurie's boyfriend, Will Brennan (Adam Arkin) is a guidance counselor at the school, and the two of them share a semi-discreet relationship. But Laurie's relationship with John is becoming strained; she is overprotective of him and refuses to allow him much freedom. He is to stay within the locked school grounds at all times, and she denies him the right to attend an annual school camping trip to Yosemite, which is on Halloween. John's girlfriend Molly (Michelle Williams) also stays behind due to some problems with her tuition. Their friends Charlie (Adam Hann-Byrd) and Sarah (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe) also fabricate reasons to stay behind so that the four of them can celebrate Halloween together on the near-deserted campus. John and Charlie convince the school's security guard, Ronny (LL Cool J) to open the gate and let them out so that they can walk into town and shoplift a bottle of wine for their party. Laurie meets Will for lunch in town and opens up to him a little, acknowledging that she's been unable to deal with something in her past. While he's in the men's room, Laurie chugs her glass of wine and orders another, hurrying the waiter so that Will won't realize she's had two instead of just one. On her way back to the school, Laurie sees John and Charlie walking down the street and becomes enraged that John has left the school grounds. John also gets angry at Laurie, asserting himself and telling Laurie that she needs to accept the fact that Michael Myers is dead. Laurie drives Charlie and John back to school and scolds Ronny for allowing the boys to get out. Meanwhile, Michael Myers has arrived at the school. He follows Laurie downtown and lurks outside the school later, staring in at Molly as she sits in Laurie's literature class. Laurie addresses the students before they leave for Yosemite and lectures them to be on their best behavior. Afterwards she surprises John by telling him she's changed her mind and she will allow him to go with the others. Since he has already made plans with Molly, Charlie and Sarah, he stays behind anyway without Laurie's knowledge. That night, Michael Myers slips onto the grounds of the school by distracting Ronny at the gate. Ronny is unharmed but knows something is wrong. John and his friends get ready to eat dinner together when Charlie goes off in search of a corkscrew. Sarah follows him, and they are both murdered by Michael Myers. Will and Laurie carve a pumpkin together and Laurie tells him that she is not Keri Tate and that her real name is Laurie Strode. Will thinks she is joking when she tells him that her brother killed her sister with a kitchen knife, and that years later he came after her. Will eventually realizes she's telling the truth and wonders how old Laurie was at the time. She tells him she was 17, then suddenly realizes that John has just turned 17 as well. Her sense of panic sets in and she tries to call John; the phones are dead. She immediately goes to her bedroom and retrieves a gun, discovering John's camping gear in his closet; she now knows John never left for Yosemite. Ronny appears at the front door and tells them that there is a strange car parked in the driveway. They decide to search for John and the others. Meanwhile, John and Molly get restless and search for Charlie and Sarah, finding Sarah's body hanging from a light fixture. Michael Myers appears and gives chase, and they flee back to John's residence. Myers corners them in a doorway blocked by a gate. Laurie and Will open the door and let the kids inside just barely in time before Myers can get inside the gate; Laurie and Michael stare at each other momentarily through the door's tiny window. Before Laurie can get her gun, Myers disappears. Laurie puts John and Molly in a room and locks it, while she and Will look for Myers in the hallway. Will sees a shadow and thinks it is Myers, grabbing Laurie's gun and shooting. It is really Ronny; Will has shot him in the head. As they panic about the mistake, Myers appears and stabs Will to death, chasing Laurie down the hallway. She hits him over the head with a fire extinguisher and runs off with John and Molly. They make it to their vehicle and Laurie drives off to the front gate. Before she drives off, Laurie has a sudden moment of revelation. Instead of running, she sends John and Molly off and closes the gate behind them, breaking the mechanism that opens it. She then grabs a fire axe and sets out looking for Michael. She finds him back in the school and the two of them stalk each other, wounding each other with the axe and various knives. Finally Laurie stabs Michael several times in the chest, sending him hurtling over a balcony into the mess hall. He seems dead, but Laurie knows better. Help arrives at the school; John and Molly have sent the police. Ronny is alive, the bullet having just grazed his head. Laurie's wounds have been bandaged, and she sees the coroner carrying Michael's body on a stretcher. She knows ultimately he will return, and that she must make sure he's dead once and for all, so she steals a policeman's gun and forces the medics at gunpoint to load Michael into a nearby van. Laurie takes off at high speed. While she drives down the mountainous road, Myers begins to reanimate and pulls himself out of the body bag. Laurie slams on the brakes and sends him through the windshield, driving into him with the van. The van plunges over the hillside and both Laurie and Michael are thrown from it. Michael gets the worst of the deal; the van slams into his body and pins it against a fallen tree. Laurie finds the fire axe and approaches Michael, who is still alive, but helpless. She calls to him and he looks up at her, mute but seemingly asking her for help. Laurie reaches out for him, their fingertips touching briefly, and she feels pity for Michael. Suddenly her rage wells up inside her, and she decapitates Michael with a single blow.
tt0102005
Action,Crime,Drama
In Texas, a man hears a news report about a new designer drug called Crystal Dream, highly addictive and administered by rubbing small amounts in the eyes. He leaves a woman he'd shacked up with and rides across the American Southwest region, avoiding major highways & staying on a route that runs parallel to the Mexican border. He arrives in Los Angeles and stops at a gas station convenience store to buy cigarettes. The store is being held up, but the man pays no attention and tries to buy his cigarettes anyway. When threatened by one of the robbers, he disarms and beats up the thug and his cohorts quite easily. When asked by the cashier what his name is, he replies "Harley Davidson" and leaves with one of the pistols used in the robbery, a Desert Eagle. Harley goes to a bar where he happens on an intense pool game between his best friend, The Marlboro Man, and a hulking man. Marlboro's opponent is convinced that Marlboro cheated to win and a fight breaks out. Marlboro is able to beat the man and sarcastically thanks his old friend for not helping. Harley and Marlboro go to their old haunt, the Rock N' Roll Bar & Grille, near Burbank. Harley finds out that the city of Burbank has been turned into a giant international airport. Inside, they find their old friends, still working at the bar and still running scams. Their biggest friend, Jack Daniels, works with Jimmy and takes falls in arm-wrestling matches to cheat contenders and bettors out of their money. Jack immediately starts a fight with Harley, who'd had an affair with Jack's then girlfriend, Lulu, now a singer in the bar and married to Jack. The bar is still run by the same man, whom everyone calls "Old Man", however, the bar has fallen on hard times and is being threatened with foreclosure by the Great Trust Bank, that wants to construct a skyscraper on the land. Jim tells them that Jack has been taking falls to raise enough money to save the bar for the Old Man. Harley and Marlboro both convince their old friends to rob an armored car belonging to Great Trust to get the funds to save the place. The next day the guys set up an elaborate system of construction detours for the armored car, leading it to a mostly-secluded side street, where they tie up the drivers and steal the sacks in the back. The load the sacks into a pickup truck waiting in the sewer line below the street. The guards warn them that they're in way over their heads. Just then a large limousine pulls up and several men dressed in black leather overcoats get out and begin firing on the robbers. They seem impervious to the shots fired back at them and continue a relentless assault, advancing steadily. Jack suddenly shows up, riding his own motorcycle; he removes the cap on the gas tank and jumps off, letting the cycle slide towards their attackers. He lights the line of fuel on fire, igniting the bike, however, the attackers simply jump over it and continue towards them. The gang manages to load the last of the loot into the truck and they escape. Later, while examining the bags they stole, they find small, clear blue bars instead of money; it is the illegal narcotic, Crystal Dream. The leader of the team of assassins, Alexander, meets with the CEO of the Great Trust Bank, Chance Wilder. Wilder inquires about those who stole his merchandise. Alexander believes them to be small-time crooks who stumbled upon a big score. Wilder orders Alexander to track them down and kill them and retrieve the drugs. That night, after flipping off a motorcycle cop and some reckless riding, Marlboro is pulled over. The cop turns out to be his former lover, Virginia. The two spend the night together and in the morning Marlboro finds out she's engaged. Harley shows up and takes Virginia out to breakfast. During their conversation, the subject of Crystal Dream comes up. Virginia tells Harley that it's 100% addictive and causes neurological damage and eventually death. When they return to Virginia's house, Marlboro is already up and repairing his boots with duct tape, fuming about Virginia's new marriage. He decides to steal her fiance's Harley-Davidson motorcycle. Harley and Marlboro go to the headquarters of the Great Trust and talk to Wilder via telephone. They demand $2.5 million for the dope they stole, plus one more dollar for a side bet between them. Wilder agrees to have someone meet them that night in the airplane graveyard for the exchange. Alexander shows up with the money and the transfer goes off without any problems. That night, while they hang out in the bar's back room celebrating, Marlboro is suspicious of the ease of the exchange. Suddenly, Alexander and his men show up. Watching through a one-way mirror, the Old Man tries to convince them that the gang isn't there. Their leader appears to walk away as if to leave and suddenly turns around and shoots the Old Man. They open fire on the room behind the mirror; Harley and Marlboro are the only ones who escape alive by jumping out the window; Jimmy, Jack and Jose are all killed. The two retreat to the nearby airport and hide in the baggage compartment of a plane. One of the mysterious assassins nearly finds them but they escape to Las Vegas. They check into an expensive hotel. However, they are tracked to Vegas by Alexander. The two escape to the hotel's roof and jump off into the swimming pool. Harley finds out that they've been tracked with a device hidden in the dollar coin given to them by Alexander. The two hop a freight train headed east after deactivating the tracker, but Marlboro leaves after telling Harley that they owe it to the dead friends that helped them to go back to LA and settle things. Harley refuses to go and Marlboro jumps off train. Harley later catches up with Marlboro and they form a plan to meet with Alexander, reactivating the tracker in the coin. Alexander traces them to the airplane graveyard, finding the briefcase that contained the money but only finding the dollar coin inside. However, he sights Harley and Marlboro nearby and a gunfight ensues. Marlboro is able to kill both of Alexander's two remaining men by hitting them in the head, however, Alexander catches Marlboro and holds him hostage. Harley, never a very good shot to begin with, tries to shoot Alexander and misses, hitting Marlboro. Harley finally summons up the aim to hit Alexander and he and Harley finally kill him. Alexander's helicopter pilot takes them to Chance Wilder's office. They give Wilder his money back and demand he change the lease on the Old Man's place. Wilder is unwilling to do so and orders his men to kill them when the pilot, paid off by Harley and Marlboro, appears hovering in his chopper outside. He opens fire on the office with the chopper's cannon, killing Wilder's thugs. Wilder insults Marlboro's dead father; Marlboro begins to beat him up until Wilder dangles out the window of his office, holding onto Marlboro's disintegrating cowboy boot. Harley helps him out, the boot comes apart and Wilder falls to the street. Marlboro and Harley part ways at a rodeo, where Marlboro is riding a bull. As Harley rides away, he picks up a beautiful hitchhiking woman.
tt0101669
Crime,Drama,Mystery
1990s LA police detective Mike Church took the case of amnesia-suffering mute client' Grace; she was having nightmares about the murder of a pianist named Margaret Strauss by her world-famous composer/conductor husband Roman Strauss in the late 1940s; Margaret had been suspicious that Roman's housekeeper Inga and her disturbed, stammering son Frankie were stealing her husband things; Roman was falsely put to death by electric chair for the murder of his wife Margaret, who was actually stabbed and murdered with a pair of scissors by Frankie, because his mother was in love with Roman; in the present day story, Mike came into contact with hypnotist/antique dealer Franklyn Madson who believed that Grace had suffered trauma in her past life; under regressive hypnosis, it was revealed that there were remarkable similarities and parallels between the stories of Roman and Margaret in the past, and Mike and Grace in the present; it was discovered that Mike was the reincarnation of murdered pianist wife, Margaret; and amnesia-suffering Grace was the reincarnation of executed composer Roman Strauss; the hypnotist (the murderer from the 40s) died when impaled on a large scissor sculpture made by 'Grace' and Mike held his partner 'Grace'.
tt0092076
Comedy,Horror
In an opening distainer, when Sally Hardesty-Enright (the survivor from the original) escaped from the cannibal family, she reported it to the authorities. Since she was so terrorized and terrified over what happened, she fell into a catatonic state of mental health. As for the authorities, they issued a month-long manhunt for these wanted criminals, but when they arrived at the house, absolutly nothing was found. No suspects were taken into custody, no evidence was obtained. Nothing was found and on the records, it was concluded that the massacre Sally described did not happen. 13 years after 1973, after authorities came to the conclusion that there was no massacre in Muerto County, Texas, more brutal chainsaw murders occurred after remaining silent after over a decade of absence. Not only were the massacres of 1986 located in Austin like in 1973, but the "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" state-wide killing spree. It wasn't until 14 years after the massacre of 1973 the state-wide massacres occuring across Texas were finally investigated upon. In the opening scene, a year after the massacres began occuring in more parts of Texas, two rowdy high school seniors are seen driving around in a Cadillac and whom are looking for nothing but a good time in celebration of their school football team's victory, started calling up Vantia Brock (also known as Stretch), a DJ for a rock station in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. A little later as it gets dark, the two teenage kids call Stretch again from their car phone drunk and crazy, but they paused on the phone for a second as they were in a car chase with a large pickup truck across a rural bridge. While the unseen driver of the pickup truck chases them in reverse, another man called Bubba (the killer from the first movie, also known as Leatherface as his nickname, which is revealed in this sequel) jumps out and turns on his large six-foot long chainsaw and destroys their vehicle and chops off the top of the head of the teenager driving the car. The other teen, left in the car with out any control over the stearing wheel at the time dies on impact when the car collides off the bridge. Stretch listens on the other line in a pure state of shock along with her co-worker, L.G., are left to wonder after the call what happened out there that night. The next day, local police officers clean up the scene of the crime along with Lefty Enright, an ex-State Trooper or Texas Ranger (the name of Texas State Troopers) now a Lieutenant Detective of a local precinct after most possibly being an official of the Texas State Police for about 40 years. When his commanding officer arrives, Lefty, now affected very very deeply of the loss of his nephew and the condition of his niece (possibly because he is very lonely due to his mental health since he is seen as a nut by his peers) starts to consult with him about how there is very definitely a cannibal family residing in Texas killing people and that how he would make a mistake if not being able to take the case. His superior officer tells Lefty that he will not be included in the investigation as Lefty leaves the crime scene. However, Lefty didn't take his commanding officer's order seriously and put up an ad in a newspaper advertising where he lives in case anyone has any information about the cannibalistic serial killers. Stretch as affected by those people visits Lefty in his apartment telling him that when the kids called her that night, she recorded it on tape and what she could do. After visiting Lefty, Stretch goes to a Chili Cook-Off with L.G. and watched the judges determine the winner in their best-tasting chili contest segment of the festival who evidently turned out to be no one, but Drayton Sawyer (Leatherface's older brother, who was the former owner of the service station in the first one, but now owns a kind-off a meals on wheels or in this case meats-on-wheels kind of food processer who decided to abandon the service station during the manhunt of 1973). After speaking with Stretch, Lefty vowing revenge ever since his family hit the dust, goes to a small hardware store where he purchases three large chainsaws costing hundreds of dollars. Now looking like a soldier, Lefty believes that "those people should know how it feels like to be cut up in to pieces!!!" Meeting back up with Stretch, Lefty tells her that a great and effective tactic to use on these people would be to play the tape she recorded of their two last victums' grisly and gruesome murder over the radio luring the killers to the radio station for retaliation for "screwing up their business". Stretch took Lefty's advice and did so. Meanwhile, Drayton Sawyer, driving in his meals-on-wheels truck, hears the broadcast which angers him and he immediately makes a call from the phone in his truck to someone. Back at the radio station as night begins to fall, Strech is confronted by an obnoxious yet strange looking freak who is so-called Chop Top (another one of Leatherface's brothers who was in the Vietnam War during the first installment and is currently Leatherface's assistant in his killing spree and carries his brother, the Hitchiker, around who was ran over by a semi in the first movie who weared a metal plate in his head until his death that occurred 12 years before, giving him the nickname Plate-Head as well). Chop Top asks Strech at where she got the tape of the broadcast in which she refuses to answer him. Just then, Leatherface appears and attemps to kill her with his huge chainsaw with its six-foot long blade. Leatherface accidently hits Chop Top on his head with his chainsaw, exposing his large metal plate, but Chop Top is more or less uninjured. Stretch manages to briefly subdue Leatherface by spraying him with a fire exinquisher and then locks herself up in her office which has a steel door so that Leatherface cannot saw through the door. But instead Leatherface bursts through a wooden wall and confronts her. Stretch survives after Leatherface ends up looking at her at one point right before he was about to split her up and develops a crush on her and lets her live. Just then, L.G. arrives back at the station where Chop Top attacks him and beats him to death with a hammer. Leatherface then appears and lies by jesturing to Chop Top that he killed Stretch and destroyed the audio tape of their latest killing of the two teenagers on the bridge. The two insane killers then take L.G.'s dead body with them as they leave the radio station and drive away in Chop Top's pickup truck (the same truck involved in the two opening killings). Stretch follows them to their new home, the rundown and abandoned amusement park, called the Texas Battlelands Amusement Park, which is big enough to store the numerous remains of their many victims in as well. However, Lefty also is following Stretch as she pulled out of the radio station parking lot and followes her in his car to the deserted amuesment park. As he finally caught up with her, sort of, she falls through a hole in the middle of the ground filled with skulls and grisly remains of the family's previous victums. Lefty, absoulty furious and drowning in very very deep rage and emotions, takes a belt out of his car able to hold the two other chainsaws he purchased before in as he carries the biggest one he bought along with him as he cuts down the boundries around the park as he makes his way through the cave-like formations in the place where the family is residing and Stretch is trapped in as well. Meanwhile, Stretch is confronted by Leatherface in the slaughter room as he harrasses her and ties her up. Leatherface then tries to show his affection to her by gorily skinning L.G. and placing the skin of his face over hers. But then Leatherface is called out of the room by Drayton for some assistance. Just then L.G., who actually wasn't dead, revives and Stretch asks him to take the knife Leatherface used to skin him and set her free by cutting the ropes tying her together. After he does so, L.G. finally dies. Stretch takes off through the caves terrified and anxious to escape. In another section of the underground cave, the growing insane Lefty is freaked out just as well when he finds the skeleton of his wheelchair-bound departed nephew Franklin Hardesty-Enright who was murdered on August 18 1973 about 14 years ago and is now in display in his old wheelchair. Pure and filled completly with anger, hate, and maddness, Lefty makes his way through the caves in order to find destroy the Sawyer family. As Stretch makes her way out of the cave she ends up running back into Leatherface in which his brothers Drayton and Chop Top also appear to confront Stretch. When Chop Top tells Drayton that Leatherface earlier told him that she was dead, the now angry-than-ever Drayton goes crazy and for all seeing that "Bubba" was too much of a "traitor" to murder her. Unwilling to kill a person since he is only a cook, Drayton orders Leatherface to kill Stretch, but Leatherface refuses. Drayton angrily snatches the chainsaw away from Leatherface and walks away, ordering Leatherface to follow him back to the kitchen while he orders Chop Top to take care of Stretch for later which he responds by knocking her out with a hammer. Stretch wakes up a little later (with Lefty nowhere to be see) Sally-style, meaning that just like Sally Hardesty-Enright, she is bound to a chair in the family's new cavern-like dining room dinner table now surrounded the the entire Sawyer family which includes the 108-year-old Grandpa "Grandad" Sawyer, Bubba "Leatherface" Sawyer, Drayton Sawyer the cook, Edward "Nubbins" Sawyer's corpse (also known as the Hitchiker), and Robert "Chop Top" Sawyer" all together for another family dinner. And like Sally, Stretch is presented to be the prize kill for Grandpa Sawyer and she almost gets killed by Grandpa with a blow to the head using a mallet. Suddenly, Lefty bursts through a wall in the dinning room and sees Stretch in their grasp. With Chop Top and Leatherface standing by to attack, Drayton has a conversation with Lefty who tells the cook that they took from him his niece Sally and his sanity and his poor deceased nephew Franklin. Drayton is unmoved and tells Lefty that he's just trying to run a business. Lefty then attacks wounds Drayton with his large chainsaw. Lefty then uses his chainsaw to free Stretch and tells to leave as he gives the cannibals exactly what they deserve (!) As the wounded Drayton crawls under the dinner table, he orders Leatherface to kill Lefty and orders Chop Top to go after Stretch to make sure she doesn't escape. Leatherface starts up his chainsaw and has a duel with Lefty in a Star Wars-like manner, but instead of lightsabers, with chainsaws (!) Chop Top chases after Stretch as she runs through the cave passageways trying to find an exit. Back in the dining room, the duel with chainsaws reaches the climax as Lefty finally gets the upper hand against Leatherface and impales him with his chainsaw as they stand up on top of the dinner table. But Leatherface still will not go down that easily and he still holds his chainsaw after being slammed onto the dinner table as Lefty starts up his two other smaller chainsaws. Drayton continues hiding under the dinner table with the muffified body of the Hitchhiker which Drayton takes out a hand grenade that the Hitchhiker always had on him. Just then, the elderly Grandpa Sawyer stands up out of his chair and throws his mallet at Lefty who ducks and it hits Leatherface instead who drops his chainsaw on the table which hits Drayton underneath who drops the grenade. Lefty then screams a victory call right before the grenade goes off, apparently killing him the Sawyer family and destroying everything in it's path. Lefty's anger and agony he had for a long period of rough times is over (!) Meanwhile, Stretch has escaped the blast and is still being chased by Chop Top which she finds a skylight and makes it outside into the light of day where she finds herself inside the closed amusement park and standing before a large artificial hill. Chop Top continues to chase after her, but she kicks him off a ledge on the hill and continues climbing up the hill. However, once close to freedom, she encounters the muffified remains of Grandma Sawyer in a santuary at the top of the amusement park hill (!) The remains of Grandma apparently has a small chainsaw lodged in her hands and Stretch desperately tries to remove it to defend herself against Chop Top who climbs back up the ledge he fell off of. But Stretch has difficulty starting up the old chainsaw in which Chop Top attacks her with a straight razor cutting her several times on her back, neck, sholders and back of her head (similar to what the Hitchhiker was doing to Sally just before he got run over by a semi-trailer in the first movie). Just as he is about to kill her, Stretch finally starts up the chainsaw and impails him with it. The fataly wounded Chop Top then falls back off the ledge, hits the ground and falls back into the hole leading back into the underground cave where he chased her out of. The eerieness continues as Stretch looses her sanity at that moment, swinging the chainsaw around in the manner in a victory dance atop the hill similar to what Leatherface did as well in the ending of the first movie. The final shots shows the insane Stretch swinging the chainsaw and screaming in reaction to the hell she had been through.
tt0092272
Drama,Romance,Sport
Ontario, 1986; the struggling hometown Hamilton Mustangs are in need of a new lease on life. Thankfully, a hot, young, American prospect , by the name of Dean Youngblood, is coming to town to show the world his moves. Yet, there's trouble brewing for the newcomer; Racki of the Thunder Bay Bombers is out for blood and the coaches daughter is out for love, which could spell disaster for his chances of ever making it to the pros. Whether it's "tea time" with Ms. McGill or the crazy antics of Derek Sutton, you're certainly in for a treat with this fantastic film full of dekes, jean jackets and sexual tension thicker than maple syrup sucked from the teet of the mother tree in Quebec.
tt0108451
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In Minneapolis, Minnesota, Caroline (Marisa Tomei) rushes home from her job as a waitress to get ready for a date. When her boyfriend, Steven (Paul Douglas Law), arrives to pick her up, instead of taking her out, he breaks up with her. That night, the broken-hearted Caroline commiserates with her best friend, Cindy (Rosie Perez), and fellow waitress, Mary (Marquetta Senters), at Jim's Bakery and Coffee Shop. Cindy forbids Caroline from calling Steven, and Mary urges her to stop being a doormat. Caroline returns to work the following night and finds Adam (Christian Slater), an attractive but taciturn busboy, wounded in the kitchen. She cleans and bandages the cut in his hand and notices his skin is covered in sap from his day job at a Christmas tree farm. Caroline laments that her parents no longer buy real Christmas trees, opting instead for an artificial one. She points out that Adam never speaks, but doesn't hear him when he whispers "thank you" as she walks away. In the dining room, Caroline finds two men, Howard and Patsy (Kyle Secor and Willie Garson), pounding the cigarette machine and complaining that it "ate" their money. Caroline intervenes, and Howard recognizes her. When he and Patsy sit at a table in Mary's section, they request that Caroline wait on them. As she takes their order, Howard reminds Caroline that they met at a Fourth of July party, where she got drunk and embarrassed herself. After her shift ends at 4:00 a.m., Caroline walks home alone. Howard and Patsy drunkenly speed past her in Howard's car and offer her a ride. Caroline declines. They pursue her on foot. She tries to run, but they team up against her and attack. Howard bangs her head on the ground until she loses consciousness and he prepares to rape her. Suddenly, Adam the busboy appears and stops them from further harming Caroline by brutally beating Howard and Patsy to the ground, then wraps Caroline in his coat and carries her home. He lays her on the front porch swing at her house and watches over her until she wakes up. Caroline jumps when she sees Adam, and he walks away without a word. For the next few days, Caroline calls in sick to work and refuses to talk to anyone about the incident. When she finally returns to the diner, she confronts Adam, asking how he knew where she lived. He admits he has been following her home regularly to make sure she is safe. He apologizes for being late the night she was attacked. Caroline kisses his cheek and thanks him. Later, Caroline asks Cindy what she thinks about Adam. Cindy admits he is attractive but laments that he is weird and never speaks. She pesters Caroline about her lack of follow-through with various projects, including opening a flower shop and going to beauty school. When her shift is over at 2:00 a.m., Caroline waits for her younger brother, Michael, to pick her up, but he never shows. She starts to walk home alone but sees Adam in the parking lot, and they walk together. He points out constellations and explains that shooting stars are meteors falling to Earth. He shows Caroline his basement apartment, but she becomes nervous when she finds a photograph of herself that Adam took from the diner. Two days later, on Christmas morning, Caroline wakes up to discover a real Christmas tree in her bedroom. She bakes cookies and takes them to Adam's apartment to thank him for the tree. He shows her his collection of old records, given to him by a nun named Mother Camilla at the orphanage where he grew up. He claims the records are magical and tells her about his sickly childhood, and how Mother Camilla told him his late father was an adventurer who stole enchanted rubies to cure Adam's heart condition. His father was killed by a "baboon king," but when the animal learned of Adam's illness, it removed its own heart and put it in the boy's chest. Caroline is shocked that Adam still believes Mother Camilla's story, but admits it is charming. She offers to cut his hair short and brings him back to her house. Adam recalls feeling alienated as a child, when he had to be quarantined, and says he has never been good with people. As she combs his hair, Caroline talks about her tendency to chase after love. Adam reaches out and touches her breast. She stops combing and leads him to her bedroom, where they undress. Adam breaks into tears, and Caroline consoles him. She whispers that she is going to fall in love with him and promises to give him her heart. Back at work, Caroline invites Adam to her parents' New Years Eve party. When he arrives, he spends two hours with Caroline's cat on the front porch. She finds him outside and makes a wish on a star, but Adam points out that she is wishing on Mars. At midnight, they kiss. Another few days later, Caroline goes ice-skating with Cindy, who is skeptical when Caroline admits she has been dating Adam. Caroline reveals that when she was attacked and nearly raped and that Adam saved her, but Cindy still believes Caroline might be selling herself short. She persuades Caroline to go on a blind date with a man named Ronnie. However, on a double date with Cindy and her boyfriend, Caroline expresses no interest in Ronnie. They end up at the diner, where Caroline goes in search of Adam just as he is attacked by Howard and Patsy in the parking lot. Adam stumbles inside the diner with a stab wound in his abdomen. Frantic, Caroline accompanies him to the hospital, where a doctor tells her Adam has congenital heart disease and is in need of a transplant. Caroline identifies Howard and Patsy in a police line-up. Another day or two later, Caroline takes a beauty school exam but is too distracted and storms out. Adam flees the hospital and surprises Caroline at home. She mentions that he needs a heart transplant or he will die very soon, but Adam rejects the idea, insisting he must keep his heart. He worries that he will not love Caroline the same way if he gets a different one, but she assures him he loves with his mind and soul. Sometime later, Caroline takes Adam to an ice hockey game for his 25th birthday. They have a great time, and on the drive home, Adam falls asleep. When they arrive at his apartment, Caroline discovers Adam is dead. At his funeral, Caroline tells Cindy Adam was the only thing she did not give up on, and claims he was an angel. She goes to his apartment and finds a gift he planned to give to her on his birthday: his box of records, with a note telling her he no longer needs them because all of his wishes have come true. Caroline listens to one of the records and smiles.
tt0415978
Comedy,Drama
The structure of the film consists of several subplots which all revolve around an intertwined cast of characters. The film begins by introducing Richard (John Hawkes), a shoe salesman and recently separated father of two. After being thrown out by his wife Pam (JoNell Kennedy), he gets an apartment of his own to share with his children, Peter (Miles Thompson) and Robby (Brandon Ratcliff). He meets Christine (Miranda July), a senior-cab driver and amateur video artist, while she takes her client to shop for shoes, and the two develop a fledgling romantic relationship. Robby, six years old, and his 14 year old brother, Peter, have a joint online chat which he later depicts in another chat session as "))<>((", an emoticon that means "pooping back and forth". This piques the interest of the woman at the other end and she suggests a real-life meeting. Two of Richard's neighbors, 15-year-olds Heather (Natasha Slayton) and Rebecca (Najarra Townsend), develop a playful relationship with a much older neighbor Andrew (Brad William Henke). He doesn't say much, but he keeps leaving signs on his window about what he would do to each of them. As a result of this relationship, Heather and Rebecca ask 14-year-old Peter, Robby's older brother, if they can practice oral sex on him, so that he can tell them which of the two does it better; so they do. He says both were exactly the same. The daughter of a neighbor peeks in the window and sees what happens at the time, and quickly leaves. They later come to the neighbor's house intending to have sex with him, as practice, which shocks him, and he pretends not to be home. Meanwhile, Christine's work is rejected by a contemporary art museum, but then later accepted by the curator, who turns out to be the woman who was instant messaging with the brothers. The plots come together in the end, with Peter developing a friendship with the daughter of a neighbor, having been introduced to the hope chest that she has, Christine and Richard displaying a show of mutual acceptance of their attraction to each other, and, as a final plot device, Robby finding that the noise he'd been awoken to every morning very early was that of an early rising businessman tapping a quarter on a street sign pole. When asked why he's doing it, he stops and turns around, saying "just passing the time", and gives Robby the quarter. When his bus drives away and Robby tries it out himself, the sun heightens with each tap, time literally passing as he does it.
tt0111667
Drama
The War tells the story about a young boy named Stu (Elijah Wood) and his father Stephen (Kevin Costner), who is a recovering war veteran. Stu, his sister Lidia Simmons (Lexi Randall), and their friends are determined to build the ultimate tree fort during their summer break. Stu's father has equally high hopes of rebuilding his life and the life of his family. Stu is constantly getting into fights with everyone who says a bad word about him or his sister. Especially a group of children, who Stu considers to be the lowest of the low, the Lipnicki's. Stephen, Stu's father realized what was worth fighting over and what wasn't, and so he tries to help Stu understand that he needs to pick his battles. Lidia, meanwhile, is off in the Lipnicki's junkyard, scavenging for the items they need to make the tree fort. She runs into Billy Lipnicki (Christopher Fennell) on one of her trips, and pays him ten cents to stay quiet. Once the tree fort is completely built, Billy spends all the money he got on ice cream. His father and brothers and sister find him with them as confront him about how he got all that ice cream. His eldest brother shaves a portion of his head and Billy tells about Lidia taking stuff from the yard. The Lipnicki's go to the tree fort and make a dare with Stu, whoever swims across the water tower while it's draining and back, gets to keep the tree fort. The Lipnicki's back out of the dare, but Stu goes through with it. The Lipnicki's promise to not take the fort, and one of the Lipnicki's throw the lock and key to the fort on top of the old water tower roof. Stu gets the lock, but couldn't reach the key. Later that day, Stu's father is in the hospital because of an accident at his work. A few days later, Stephen dies. That day, the Lipnicki's break their promise about staying away from the tree fort, and take it from Lidia and her friends. Stu finds his father's old crate of war items, face paint, smoke bombs, grenades, and his father's army tags. Stu and his friends start a war with the Lipnicki's to get the tree fort back. The tree fort gets ruined in the process, and Billy Lipnicki goes to the water tower to try and get the key, to stop the fighting. Billy falls through the roof of the water tower and Stu jumps in after him. He and Arliss (Donald Sellers) manage to free Billy from the drain and get him on solid ground. However, Billy is ice cold and isn't breathing. Stu and Lidia try everything they can to get Billy to breath again, and after a lot of slapping and yelling, finally Billy takes a breath. After that, the Lipnicki's and the Simmons stopped fighting with each other. The tree fort never got fixed, and Stu was able to come to terms about his father's sudden death.
tt0338512
Adventure,Drama,Family
Set in 1920s French Indochina, two tigers are separated as cubs after the ancient temple where they live is disturbed by Aidan McRory (Guy Pearce) who intends to steal and sell the ancient statues. Two tiger cubs are playing when one (later named Sangha) comes upon a young civet. Sangha chases the civet into its burrow and the mother civet appears and chases Sangha up a tree. The other tiger cub (later named Kumal) appears and chases the mother civet away. Gunshots are heard, and the tigress arrives to protect the cubs. She picks Sangha up and runs for safety. Kumal follows, but can't keep up and falls behind. The cubs' father appears, but the men have caught up with them and he is shot dead by McRory. McRory is an unscrupulous explorer, big-game hunter and temple looter. He discovers Kumal and befriends him, but McRory is arrested for stealing from the ancient temple and Kumal is kept by the chief in the Cambodian village where McRory had been staying. The chief then sells Kumal to a circus where he is to be the star attraction. Sangha remains in the jungle with his mother, but both are soon trapped by McRory as game for a vain Khmer prince to hunt. The mother is shot in the ear and thought to be dead before she jumps up and runs off with a hole in her ear. Sangha is discovered by young Raoul, son of the French administrator, Normandin, and becomes the child's pet. However, Raoul's mother's dog, Bittsi, a schipperke, is a constant antagonist to the young tiger. Kumal is trained by cruel circus ringmaster Zerbino to do tricks, such as jumping through a flaming hoop. Sangha meanwhile dwells peacefully with Raoul until he is at last cornered by Bittsi following a prolonged chase. In self-defence, Sangha attacks Bittsi, badly wounding although not killing him. This provokes a hysterical reaction from the household, particularly Raoul's mother, who insists that Sangha has "got the taste of blood now" and gets rid of him. As a result, he is made a part of the prince's palace menagerie, where he quickly gains a reputation as a ferocious beast. Sangha and Kumal are now very close to each other. The prince then decides to hold a festival in which a battle between two great beasts - the brother tigers - will be the centerpiece. When placed in the cage before the audience during the festival, the two brothers do not immediately recognize each other, and Kumal is afraid to fight. However, when the brothers finally recognize each other they begin to play together instead of fighting, and the audience likes this but the trainers don't. The trainer attempts to antagonize the tigers into fighting, but as he opens the cage to shoot one, the tigers escape, managing to frighten the trainers and the audience into the cage themselves. The two tigers escape, and McRory is determined to hunt them down. After Kumal showing Sangha how to jump through fire to escape, McRory and Raoul find them. However, as McRory takes aim at Sangha, Kumal appears, and demonstrates that he remembers the sweets McRory used to give him. McRory puts down his gun and vows never to hunt again. The two brothers make their way back to their temple home in the jungle where they meet up with their mother (who can be identified by the hole in her ear). Just before the credits, some comments to save the tigers (as a species) are shown.
tt0133046
Comedy,Thriller
Leigh Ann (Katie Holmes) is a high school student who wants to achieve top grades to become valedictorian. However, her grade in History class is threatened by her sadistic teacher, Mrs. Tingle (Helen Mirren). Mrs. Tingle has a special dislike for Leigh Ann and down-grades Leigh Ann's well-designed project. The teacher also stumbles upon Leigh Ann with the final exam, which had been stolen and planted in Leigh Ann's backpack without her consent, and threatens to have her expelled for it. Leigh Ann and her two friends, Luke (Barry Watson) and Jo Lynn (Marisa Coughlan), head to Mrs. Tingle's house that night and try to convince the teacher that Leigh Ann is innocent. Mrs. Tingle, however, does not listen. A physical struggle ensues and Mrs. Tingle is accidentally knocked unconscious. The students panic and tie Mrs. Tingle to her bed. Pretending to be Mrs. Tingle, Jo Lynn calls the school the next morning and feigns illness in order to buy themselves some time, but all are unsure of what they should do next. Mrs. Tingle eventually reveals that she hates Leigh Ann because Leigh Ann has the potential to leave their small town and experience life something Mrs. Tingle never got a chance to do but her honesty only furthers her captors' dislike of her. She also opines that Leigh Ann does not have the guts to do anything that will get her in trouble; in response, an angry and infuriated Leigh Ann kisses Luke and has sex with him on Mrs Tingle's couch. The next day at school, Jo Lynn ignores Leigh Ann because she had a crush a crush Leigh Ann had been aware of. A regretful Leigh Ann tries to make amends with Jo Lynn, but an admission that she'd had sex with Luke further infuriates Jo Lynn. Leigh Ann, Luke, and Jo Lynn decide to blackmail Mrs. Tingle by producing photographic evidence of her love affair with the school's gym teacher. Before they can enact their plot, however, Mrs. Tingle escapes from her bonds. After a fight at the top of the staircase, she seemingly falls to her death but then quickly recovers, scrambles to her feet, and picks up a crossbow. She fires it wildly, trying to hit Leigh Ann. Trudie Tucker (Liz Stauber) walks through the door, gets hit in the chest by the bolt, and appears to be dead just as Principal Potter (Michael McKean) arrives to check up on Mrs. Tingle. Leigh Ann forces Mrs. Tingle to tell everything that happened with her that she wanted Leigh Ann to fail, that she shot Trudie with the arrow, among other things. However, Trudie was protected by a thick textbook she was holding at her chest and was completely unharmed. Mrs. Tingle is fired, and the final scene of the film shows Leigh Ann being named valedictorian.
tt0160916
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Ben (Bruce Willis), a writer and Katie (Michelle Pfeiffer), a crossword puzzle editor are a married couple with two children who have concluded, after 15 years of marriage, they no longer love each other. They take the period while their kids are at summer camp to try a separation, during which discuss they discuss their situation with their respective friends, and reflect (through flashbacks) on their original meeting, the highs and lows of their married life, and their attempts to reconcile their relationship with various therapists. During this period, Ben tries to write a history of his Grandparents long and happy marriage, and Katie begins a friendship with her divorced Marty, who wedding has ended. During Parents Weekend at camp, they attempt, with limited success to put on a happy face while their kids are around. Their evening at a local hotel leads to a remembrance of their failed last attempt to rekindle their romantic feelings, and on the drive home they agree to seek an amicable divorce. After Ben moves out, he and Katie argue with mutual friends about the cause of their relationship ending; Ben is upset that Katie can never be spontaneous; Katie is frustrated by Bens lack of planning and preparedness. Ben attempts to reconcile, but discovers Katie cooking dinner with Marty in their house. Ben & Katie agree to tell their children about their planned divorce after picking them up from camp. During the drive, they both reflect on the totality of their relationship, both the happy and angry moments. After picking the kids up, they realize that, despite all the anguish, they still love each other, and commit to living mostly happily ever after.
tt0117038
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Michael (John Travolta) is not a stereotypical archangel. He epitomizes the freedom that an angel might command if living among mere mortals. As the tagline says, "He's an angel, not a saint." Two reporters, Frank Quinlan (William Hurt) and Huey Driscoll (Robert Pastorelli), one cynical and the other innocent, work for a tabloid newspaper in Chicago. ("Quinlan" is a nod to one of the writers of the same name.) They travel to a sleepy hamlet in Iowa because Quinlan has received a letter from a woman, Pansy Milbank, (Jean Stapleton) who has an angel for tenant and he is able to convince his editor (Bob Hoskins) that they should visit her at the Milk Bottle Motel. She dies before their very eyes, and they "persuade" Michael to accompany them to Chicago. Traveling with them is an alleged angel expert, Dorothy Winters (Andie MacDowell) with whom they were saddled by their editor. Michael is in control of the entire trip. They stop when he says so because he causes their tire to go flat. He leads them in a fight in a bar for which they are jailed one night. And he resurrects the dog, Sparky, after it is runover by a truck. Throughout the story, there is romantic tension between the angel expert and Quinlan, the cynical reporter and Michael engineers their romance to the very end. The movie's climax comes when they finally arrive in Chicago and Michael breathes his last looking up at the Sears Tower. (Michael has a fascination for the biggest and tallest things in the world.) Michael wasn't dying; but he was exiting earth for his last time. Meanwhile, the angel expert is exposed as a spy for the manipulative editor, and she confesses that she was after Huey's job. In truth, she is a dog expert who was sent on the trip to befriend Sparky. Quinlan, who at one point was moving out of his cynicism, regresses and the story almost ends with the three traveling companions going their separate ways, knowing they had journeyed with an angel, but not understanding exactly what it meant. Finally, one night, Quinlan spots a figure that he thinks is Michael (who was lying about it being his last visit), and begins following him rapidly through the streets. He rounds one corner and careens into Dorothy, who apparently was following a Michael-clone herself. Their faith is restored, and their love blossoms once more. "Marry me, Dorothy," says Quinlan. "Yes," she replies. Then the scene freezes, and out pop Michael and Pansy Milbank -- we're left to ponder whether she became an angel when she died earlier, or that she was an angel all along -- and they dance through the frozen people until they merge with the light emanating from a car's headlights.
tt0114367
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
A robotic voice (Henry Ramer) reads the captions: Planet Earth has colonized other planets for its own purposes. We are in 2078, and Sirius 6B is one of our colonies. What we want from this planet is a new energetic material, berynium. The problem is that this material is highly polluting and radioactive. Because of the careless mining, the one Sirius 6B planet is now a ravaged desertic land, not fertile as it used to be. NEB Corporation, a monopoly, have controlled all mining operations in this planet and all the Solar System. The Alliance, a mixture of a union and a series of scientists, tried to stop NBE from destroying the planet. NBE and The Alliance started a war in Sirius 6B, which also created a new Cold War in Earth. However, physical or nuclear war have only happened at Sirius 6B. Thousands of civilians died in this planet, and also they have the problem of radioactive clouds caused by the berynium. After 10 all-out war years, only a handful of survivors remain in the planet. The mining town looks like a dusty ghost town. Miners are playing for cigarettes. Through CCTV, they see somebody stumbling closer. That person, a NEB soldier (Sylvain Massé), looks terrified. Lieutenant Landowska (Liliana Komorowska) wonders what he's doing moving closer without even attempting to hide, and wants Captain Joseph "Joe" Henderson (Peter Weller) to be called. There is a moment when this person stops. Something moves below the sand. The runaway soldier shoots it. Suddenly, the dusty plain is filled with underground small things shooting at him. The lieutenant watch as the things scream with ear-splitting sharp noises and attack this man, who has shown a cylinder for them to see. There are round robotic things under the sand, and they jump to dismember him: first an arm, then a leg... until they kill him off. One of the soldiers inside the bunker (Tom Berry) pukes. The lieutenant and this soldier try to convince themselves that they are the good side. When the Captain arrives, he says that without the Screamers they would have lost the war long ago. The Captain also wonders what a single person was doing on his own so exposed to the enemies and the screamers. As the lieutenant mentions that he had something on his hand, the Captain decides to check it out - some of the soldiers think it is going to be a bomb, so they leave the Captain to go fetch the cylinder on his own. The Captain is wearing a high-tech writsband which will prevent screamers from attacking him. Screamers are taking the parts of the dead soldier under the soil, so the Captain has to shoot one to get hold of the cylinder. The cylinder is a message for The Alliance. Cut to classical music, Don Giovanni by Mozart in the bunker. The Captain wants to talk to Chuck Elbarak (Ron White). He is playing with a Cesar Augustus coin. The document is Priority 7, which means that it's only for the eyes of Chuck and the Captain. Chuck opens the cylinder. It is a message from Richard Cooper, a Commander of the NEB Army to Joe, asking for peace negotiation. Two officers should discuss it. Chuck thinks that it may be a tactic to full them. Joe tells Communications Officer MacDonald (Leni Parker) to send a message to Earth to ask for advice. She says that an urgent message from a commercial transport has been received asking for permission to land. Joe wants to know what the emergency was first. In the cylinder there was a map of the NEB commanding offices as well. They wonder why the NEB has decided to speak out after so long without any contact with them, not even radio waves. Through virtual reality, a big shot Commanding Officers called Secretary Green (Bruce Boa) says that the NEB have asked for a ceasefire, so that they have the opportunity to bring peace to the world. Berynium has been found somewhere else, in another planet called Tritom 4, and this time there are no signs of radioactivity. The radioactivity interferes with the message from this guy, which is leave incomplete, making Joe swear and say that the Morse Code used to be better and more reliable. Joe and Chuck think that if war had broken loose on Earth there would have had to be a ceasefire much much sooner. They think about the wife who left one of them. Radiation approaches, so the soldiers have to light a special red cigarette. Everything trembles and many people die because of the falling buildings. There was a falling airship prepared to build bombs - it was a nuclear reactor. A person is rescued from the debris. Screamers appear to take away the bodies of the dead. Screamers are a race of killing devices which move underground, among the soft sands of the planet. They have blades to cut, shred and kill and they are self-replicating. They have been designed to kill all enemies, but as they replicate on their own, little by little their purpose changed, and now they want to hunt down all humans and kill all life. So in this sense, screamers are both enemies of both the Alliance and NBE. Screamers attack the human pulse, but the wristband makes them believe that the person wearing it is dead. Radioactivity has corroded their outer shells and their shrill voice is the only sign of their approach - unless you see them running towards you, when you will usually see a cloud of reddish dust from the ground of the planet. Rodgers () lets Michael "Ace" Jefferson (Andrew "Andy" Lauer) to talk with the Captain. Chuck tries to make some research on the screamers - even after losing their brain they have impulse reactions of aggression. He realises that the programme within the screamers has been modified. Jefferson is shocked to hear that he is the only survivor of 38. The Captain is worried about the nuclear reactor which was going to be used to manufacture more weapons. Ace didn't know that it was there. Ace says that Green is already dead, there is no such ceasefire and he was aimed to Tritom 4, where there is another war going on. The Alliance Command took Green's life. The Captain is really angry, his expectations of peace quashed. Chuck still believes in Green's message. Joe thinks that they are stuck in the planet, and that they have been being fed rubbish to keep them on the planet and their families back on Earth happy. Cooper and the NBE also know that it's best for the moral in Earth that they stay on Sirius 6B, forgotten. The Captain wants to go to the NBE headquarters and create their own ceasefire. Chuck says that the NBE wanted two people, in a way offering himself to go. The Captain says that he will go with Ace, who is almost a kid. Chuck will stay behind and become the First-in-Command in case any other starship falls out of the sky. Chuck bides farewell to Joe and Ace. The planet is icy and snowy, with constant winds. Joe will communicate every 4 hours. If they miss the time twice, it will be because they will be dead. Pop music sounds. They reach an abandoned berynium factory. Ace is told that he will know if the red cigs are working if he doesn't die. Ace doesn't know anything about the war. The Captain is tired of it all and wants to come back in peace, as his world has been shattered for long enough. A screamer passes them by undetected. Ace shoots a screamer which was eating a huge rat; Joe says that screamers are scavengers and that they learn fast. Ace wonders if they are cybernetic or alive. The Alliance created them, but now nobody knows how many screamers are or where they are. They jump to the floor when they see somebody. A child's voice asks "Can I come with you?" There is a child standing there. He looks terrified. The boy is holding a teddy bear. He says he is living in the ruins. The boy is a bit vague about what he eats and how he hides from the screamers. The Captain gives him a food ration, and they will pick him up on their way back. The boy wants to go with them, and Ace agrees about that. Joe looks at the boy and accepts. That night, over a bonfire, they ask his name: David Edward Dearing (Michael Caloz). His parents died in the blasts. Ace explains how to fry rats. Joe calls Chuck, who says that they had a new recruit. It's a bit strange but it's OK. David laughs about a bug which scares Ace out of his wits. Joe and Ace have a restless night. A screamer approaches. Joe is playing with David's teddy bear. Ace was keeping guard, but he was listening to an erotic disco music, that's why he didn't hear the screamer. Joe has killed the screamer, which is different and looks like an animal. Ace talks and talks; Joe tells him to shut up. They cross a frozen lake and the three of them are detected by somebody who is coughing. They have reached NEB headquarters. The person shoots David. David shows to be a robot. He screams like the screamer he is until Ace kills him off. The NEB soldiers tell them that the screamers now tag along, and that once when they are in is when the killing starts. Joe shows them the peace negotiation offered by Richard Cooper. His mate Becker (Roy Dupuis) asks him if he is really let them inside their bunker, to which the Officer says that yes, he is about to, and he questions if he has something better to do today. Joe calls Chuck and tells him that he's found a new type of screamer which looks like a kid, so not to let anybody in. Chuck can't hear properly. Ace and Becker take out his shotgun cockily, but Jessica Hanson (Jennifer Rubin) interrupts. She is boss there, and is worried about drinking real Scotch, not some synthetic bullshit. She used to be a freelancer dealing in the black market. She has helped Becker and taken him in. Richard Cooper must be at headquarters, because that place is like a hidden hotel. Joe still insists in going to the Command building. She will show Joe the underground way there if he promises to take her back to Earth. He tells her that Earth will not be a welcoming place, as there is a new war in Triton 4. Joe admires her beauty - she is half naked washing herself with a sponge in front of him. Jessica recounts how an army of Davids killed the NEB soldiers. Ace and Becker dislike each other. Ace discovered that she has a plutonium rocket. Joe doesn't want to use it. So they start through the underground corridors. Rats scare Ross (Charles Edwin Powell). They open a trapdoor and they find a dead body. Jessica moves on, not scared, saying that they are almost there. They reach the ground level of Command Centre. Joe tells Ace that he is not going to trust Ross. There is blood everywhere and Ross becomes hysterical and shoots, so everybody is going to see that he won't do anything stupid. Joe says that Cooper would be there if he was alive. Joe tries to communicate with somebody, but the system is not working very well. They see a small screamer-kangaroo. It connects itself to the main computer, takes the info and leaves. Joe et al. cannot do anything apart from hiding themselves. Luckily, the screamer doesn't detect them. Nobody moves while the screamer stares at them. Fortunately, it is about to leave, but Ross makes some noise and it attacks the noise. Ross shoots the jumping screamer, damaging all the computer unis. Suddenly, "Can I go with you now?" is heard. Joe tells Ace to take everybody away from there. Joe is left behind and checks the computer system with the design of the modern screamers. Type 1 the rat/kangaroo looking thing. Several Davids are approaching - they are Type 3, and Joe has to shoot one of them. Joe checks for Type 2, but he has no time left. Ace returns to help Joe to leave the place. They take a lift. Becker was waiting for them. Joe asks what Type 2 was. Jessica says that it was a wounded soldier crying "Help me, Help me". Joe says that the Alliance never saw one, and wonders why. Ross, the scaredy soldier who keeps on repeating and repeating "Get off my back" is considered to be a Type 2. Becker kills him by throwing a knife at his belly. Joe picks up the knife and sees that it has blood on it. Joe says that Ross was killed for no reason at all. Then, Jessica threatens Becker saying that he may be the Type 2 screamer. Joe decides to leave the place. Jessica wonders if Joe's men would let the remaining people in if Joe dies. He says that if Chuck is clever, he won't let anybody in. Becker says that he doesn't repent. Joe, Ace, Jessica and Becker leave the place. When they get to the bunker, Chuck tells him to get closer as he can't hear well. Screamers repeat themselves, and that's how Joe realises it's not a human speaking to him. An army of Davids get out of the bunker. They can be set fire easily and finally the nuclear rocket is thrust onto the bunker. Becker becomes wounded and screams "Help me". Ace stands up and tries to help me. Becker is a screamer and kills Ace. Becker says that he is his own self, and that he has not love, which is a human emotion. Ace is dead, as Joe checks. Jessica says that they are going to die, but Joe says that not today. Joe speaks of a way out of the planet. Joe saw a sign and cuts Jessica's hand to check that she is human. She tells him that he doesn't need to do that. They kiss passionately. At Alamo, where berynium was first discovered, there is an escape pod. Joe tells Jessica that he doesn't have anybody apart from her when she wants to give up. They reach Alamo, which works with Joe's biological data, and only his. They try to make everything work. There is something blocking the way, and Joe goes to solve the problem while Jessica gets down to the pod. The countdown begins. Chuck appears and hits Joe. Chuck has become a screamer. Chuck says that he took Cooper's face before, and mocks that he mentioned god and Jesus. Joe gives him a shortcut when everything looked lost because he was strangling him. Jessica has looked at everything. There is only a place in the pod. Joe tells Jessica to go. She says she can't go, as only him can fly the pod. He suggests calling heads or tails, but then he puts a glove on top of the coin and they kiss passionately. Another Jessica appears. The first Jessica says that she was trying to tell him. The two Jessicas fight for Joe. The second Jessica wanted to get onto the pod herself. The second Jessica kills the first one. The rocket is ready to leave and the first it emits kills the second wicked Jessica. Joe tells the first Jessica that they have become human, as they are killing each other now. The first Jessica says that she also learned how to love, and dies. Joe enters the pod and goes to Earth. He throws away the wristband which detects screamer. The teddy bear has started to move - it's a screamer. ---written by KrystelClaire
tt0118589
Drama,Music,Romance
In the nightclub scene of the 1970s New York City, a multiracial young girl, Billie, born to a Caucasian father and an African-American mother, is taken away from her alcoholic, lounge singer mother after she is deemed irresponsible to raise her and Billie's estranged father wants nothing to do with either one of them. Billie spends the rest of her teenage years in an orphanage. Years later (in 1983), the 19-year-old Billie (Marah Carrey) works as a nightclub dancer along with her foster-care friends Louise and Roxanne. They meet Timothy Walker (Terrence Howard), a record promoter who offers the three of them a contract as backup singers/dancers to the singer Sylk. Initially, Billie refuses, hoping to achieve stardom on her own terms. After pestering from her friends, Billie relents and the three are contracted. They record the hit single, "All My Life" but Sylk's vocal is sub-standard. To maximize sales based on the sex appeal of Sylk, Timothy asks Billie to sing while Sylk lip-syncs. Later at a nightclub, Billie sings Sylk's song which gets her noticed by the club DJ, Julian "Dice" Black, during the public debut of "All My Life". Dice, knowing that Sylk is an indifferent singer, is shocked by the arrangement, but goes backstage to congratulate Billie for singing the song. Sylk insults her backup singers in front of a photographer and Billie, not wanting to take the verbal abuse, exposes Sylk by singing "All My Life" a cappella in front of Dice. Impressed, he wishes to produce her, but Billie turns him down, thinking that he wants to exploit her talent. When Billie relents after Dice pesters her, she raises concerns about her contract with Timothy. Dice threatens to not play any more artists from Timothy in his nightclub unless Timothy surrenders Billie and her friends' contacts. Timothy eventually agrees on the provision that Dice pays him $100,000. Billie and Dice start working on songs: the first being the hit underground single, "Didn't Mean to Turn You On". Dice advises Billie to play off record companies to secure a bigger deal. Ultimately they sign with Guy Richardson of a major record label. With success in their hands, Dice asks Billie to dinner. Later, he asks her up to his apartment and they sleep together. Billie's first major single, "Loverboy" is a success. The music video originally features Billie, Louise, and Roxanne. However, the director, dissatisfied with the results, orders Billie to wear more revealing clothing and replaces Louise and Roxanne with professional semi-nude male dancers. When the male dancers are then ordered to dance closely to Billie, this frightens her. Dice intervenes on her behalf, and they leave the set before the music video can be finished. Dice is denied permission to produce songs on Billie's debut, including "Reflections", which Billie wrote about her mother. Billie is called to perform at the USA Music Awards, where she meets singer/songwriter Rafael. Later at the party, they meet again, and Rafael suggests they write a song. Dice orders Billie and her friends to leave, accusing Rafael of sexual advances towards Billie. Louise and Roxanne give Billie an ultimatum: them or Dice, but leave before she can choose. Billie cries, but is comforted by Dice as she laments "If you didn't believe in me, none of this would have ever happened." The reconciliation is short-lived as Billie gets a threat from Timothy concerning the 100K debt that Dice failed to pay. Billie tells Dice that Timothy was at their apartment about his debt and her contract. She is confused because she thought he had handled her contract properly. She admits to Dice that Timothy threatened her and Dice, in a rage, puts Timothy in the hospital. In the middle of the beating, Dice is arrested, causing Billie to leave her appearance on Late Night Live to bail him out. Billie, upset about how Dice lied about her contract and his arrest, argues with and leaves him. With nowhere to go, she goes back to live with Roxanne and Louise. Billie tries to deal with the pain by creating the single "Want You", with Rafael, which is a hit, but her emotional pain leads her to solo songwriting. Dice also misses Billie, and also begins writing a song. Billie goes to Dice's apartment in an attempt to reconcile. He's not home, but the music he has written is and Billie realizes they wrote the same song: "Never Too Far". She kisses the sheet music, leaving a lipstick imprint, which Dice later discovers. Dice plans a reconciliation, but is shot dead by Timothy. Billie's management and support crew see a report of the murder on television. They wonder if Billie was with him, they see that she is there and has seen the report. Billie onstage commands the band to stop playing "Loverboy," tells the crowd never to take someone for granted, and that if you love them, you should tell them, because you might never have the chance to tell them how you really feel. She then starts to sing "Never Too Far". Afterwords, Billie reads a note Dice had left her, where he tells of his love for her, his plan to see her perform and that he has found Billie's mother. Billie's limo takes her to the secluded rural property where she is united with her mother once again.
tt0186894
Drama,Romance
Buddy Amaral (Affleck) is an ad-man who, while waiting for his flight to meet with a client, meets a laid back family man, Greg (Goldwyn) awaiting another flight home to his family. When Buddy encounters a beautiful woman, Mimi Pager (Henstridge), and becomes enamored with her, he arranges to swap tickets and flights with Greg so that Greg gets home early and Buddy can have extra time with his new lady friend, figuring he's doing a good thing while serving his own needs. Buddy's "good deed" backfires horribly when the flight he bumped Greg to crashes, and Greg dies. Buddy is so guilt ridden over this that he eventually collapses into alcoholism. Sometime later Buddy re-emerges from rehab but guilt still haunts him, so in an attempt to redeem himself he tracks down Greg's widow, Abby, (Paltrow) and tries to help her and her children any way that he can, even though he does not tell her it was his fault her husband died. Things become complicated when the guilt-ridden ad-man and lonely widow fall in love. Buddy keeps quiet about how he met Greg at the airport and how he gave him his own ticket. But one day Mimi Pager suddenly shows up at Abby's doorstep with a video tape of her, Buddy and Greg at the airport. When she realizes the role Buddy has played, she breaks up with him. The families of the passengers on the crashed jet have taken the airline to court and Buddy must appear as a witness. At the stand he takes the opportunity to explain about the guilt he has felt ever since the crash. Abby watches the court proceedings on TV and decides that she can forgive him.
tt0272207
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Nick Tellis (Jason Patric) is an undercover cop remembering his last assignment which ended in a strenuous foot chase after a drug dealer named Dowd. Dowd is fast and ruthless, shooting up a bystander with a lethal dose of drugs, although Tellis runs past the victim in order to catch him, although he next grabs a little girl from a playground and threatens to shoot her up too. Tellis however, shoots the dealer anyway, firing several shots. He kills the dealer and the girl is unharmed, but one of his bullets ricochets and hits a pregnant woman who is bleeding badly. Tellis screams for help as children scream in the background, and the woman sobs in pain. We next see Nick Tellis 8 months later, on suspension, talking to a police committee about the incident. They mention the woman nearly dying and losing her baby. Tellis reminds them that these details have been covered and becomes agitated when a woman on the committee, Liz Detmer (Karen Robinson) asks him if he's contacted the Jeanine Mueller (Lina Giornofelice,) the woman who lost her baby. He reveals that he's spoken to her but refuses to give details, feeling it's his own personal business. She asks him if he feels the infant's death could have been avoided if he'd "acted less aggressively." He responds by saying: Tellis: My duty assignment was solely undercover narcotic work. Do you have any idea what that entails? Liz: I have a general idea. Yeah. Tellis: Well then, generally speaking, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about. Detmer keeps questioning whether he could have used more restraint and Tellis insisting she doesn't know what she's talking about. He insists "If you want to talk I'll talk, I have no problem with that, but if this becomes some half ass ambush and you're putting me under the lamp, I will walk. Now." The committee goes quiet and Tellis is asked if he's familiar with "The Michael Calvess case" Tellis says that he is. They reveal that Calvess was a cop who was murdered and they've been investigating for over sixty days without turning up any evidence or suspects, although they're still determined to solve it. The committee feels that due to his quick dismissal from the force after the discussed incident, his drug element contacts may still be intact. They offer him reinstatement as a homicide detective if he agrees to help with the case. Tellis immediately says "No." and walks out while they're talking. He's followed out by Captain Cheevers (Chi McBride) who apologizes for them putting him on the spot and asks him to look through some files. We see Nick at home with his wife Audrey (Krista Bridges) and baby son. Resting on the couch he fills her in on the meeting. He remarks "They expect you to come in with this glad to be here bullshit, head hung low, hat in hand." She asks why he bothered going and he says "They asked." Audrey isn't pleased at at the thought of him looking through files, suspected he'll only get more involved. He mentions that welfare isn't working well enough and she suggests he do something else for work. Tellis goes in and starts scanning files, visualizing how the the murder could have happened. He then asks for Calvess' personal affects, finding pictures from his daughter, awards, an unopened Christmas present, and photos of Calvess with his family. He finds the name "Henry Oak" on most of the relevant and helpful reports. He asks Captain Cheevers about Oak, and Cheevers explains that Henry Oak is restricted from working on the case, because he and Calvess were too close. Cheevers explains that it was Oak that found the body and says "He's swinging a big stick. He makes solid collars that make solid cases. But, between you and me...He's not stable. He's all of that shit a cop just cannot be. Not right now. Not in this city. Not in this department.We're talking about a marked name." We see Henry Oak (Ray Liotta) in the police station, putting a billiard ball into a sock and watching as a convict is escorted out. He approaches the convict and swings the sock into his face, knocking him down and then continuing to beat him with it. The other officers attempt to calm him down (from a safe distance.) Oak screams at the convict "I swear to fucking God, if I get another call you're beating on your wife and kids, you're fucking dead!" His fellow officers pull him back, but he shakes them off and says "Get this piece of shit out of here!" Tellis points out that Oak is likely not listening to the department's ban on him investigating. Cheevers cautions Tellis from putting too much on Oak, figuring that IAD could bring an indictment against him at any time.Tellis suggests that he hold off IAD by requiring Oak's involvement in the case. Cheevers tells him that's only possible if he's involved as well to provide some supervision. Tellis claims he isn't interested in active assignment but needs a paycheck. He tells Cheever he doesn't want to work the streets though and needs a desk job. Cheevers says "Fine. Get me a conviction, I'll get you a desk." Tellis and Oak meet at the police shooting range, then go have coffee. Oak tells Tellis he must be "someone special" to get him reassigned to the case. Tellis downplays it, claiming it was mostly Oak's own work. Oak is up front with his suspicions, asking Tellis if he's working with internal affairs, pointing out that getting dirt on him might get him back into favor with the department. Oak: You weren't approached or asked in any way to keep tabs on me for IA? Tellis: No, I was not. Hey, I don't blame you for asking. You don't do what I did and just waltz back in. Oak: Now what does that tell you? Tellis: That tells me that this investigation is running on fucking fumes. Oak: Don't get confused thinking that this is about Calvess. Tellis: I know it's not. Oak: This is all politics. This is political appointments, it's referendums, it's squashing a race riot. You think those assholes upstairs give a shit and shake about Michael Calvess? They didn't know him. They don't care about him and they can't forget about him fast enough. The only thing you need to know about me is that I'm going to bag the motherfuckers that killed Mike. If that means breaking every point of procedure, then they're broke. It's because his life is worth a little bit more than a wreath and a rifle salute. Tellis goes home and finds his wife in bed already. She refuses to give him a kiss or talk to him initially. The screen splits and we see Oak questioning people about Jimmy Fredericks (Mike Calvess' street name.) Tellis joins in as well and we see Oaks and Tellis each questioning people on their own. The screen splits into four to show all their activity, and then back to two and one, bringing Oaks and Tellis back together on the job responding to a scene where where other officers responded to a junkie trying to light his girlfriend on fire, and heard him mention Jimmy Fredericks. The junkie claims he used to snitch for Fredericks and will talk to them for a reduced sentence. Tellis and Oak confront the junkie, Octavio (John Ortiz) who claims he tried to burn her for giving him a venereal disease that left him black and blue and unable to wear pants. Despite the fact that they're cops, Octavio asks them if he can take a "quick hit." They look away while he lights up. He tells them he say Fredericks fighting with a Leo Lee. Tellis knows who Leo is. Octavio remembers that Fredericks/Calvess had a bad temper and after fighting, spit on Leo. Oak asks Tellis about Leo Lee, or Leonard Leflore, as Calvess' files never mentioned him. Tellis calls him a nickel bagger into drugs and guns, but figures he has outstanding warrants out on him. Tellis and Oak stage a raid of Leo's place, but only find a badly decomposed corpse in the bathtub. The coroner tells them he's been dead two-three weeks. Tellis finds a gun in the tub with the body and is surprised that the weapon is "tactical issue, Metro PD" and used by the SWAT team. Oak concludes that the man killed himself with it, but Tellis doesn't think so, realizing the gun didn't have a mark from the firing pin. Knowing Leo, Tellis imagines that Leo dropped and broke his pipe and rather than get out of the water, tried to smoke from the gun forgetting there was a bullet in the chamber, and lighting it up, blew his head off. Tellis is bothered by the gun, figuring Leo had to have known a cop. Tellis gets home earlier and fights with Audrey. He acts as if everything is normal but she reminds him what they had to go through when he was undercover. He claims "It's two weeks work." but she doesn't accept that. She can't understand why he'd return to it, but Tellis asks her what if it had been him that was killed. Back at the station Oaks tells Tellis he was right about the gun and it had been a department gun, and that they'd found a set of prints on it from a gang member, Latroy Steeds, who was just released from prison a week ago. Investigating Latroy, they find he hasn't checked in with his parole officer at all. Tellis and Oaks discuss family, Tellis explaining that he's been married a year and a half. Oaks says that he was married for almost sixteen years, and lost his wife to cancer. Tellis feels awkward, but Oaks says he doesn't mind talking about her, and if he wanted to avoid it he could take off his wedding ring. Oaks remembers how she used to comfort him when he started out working vice and calls lying his head in her lap and looking at her "the best place I've ever been." Oak says: "I'll tell you this much, I became a much better cop the day she died. And any half step, any hesitation I had about the job was gone. I see a dead bolted door, I break it down and be the first one in the room. I started working Joint Task Force, the head crack, hang wrecking crew. Zombie squad. It was a diversion. It was just a way to keep from thinking about her. I remember one night I went with the sheriffs on a warrant raid. This dipshit was selling meth out of his apartment. It was just a stop and pop, broke down the door, rousted the guy. I was in one of the back rooms looking for junk. An I hear something. I turn around and see these, these eyes staring at me from a closet. It was a little girl. A little ten year old girl. naked.shaking like a leaf, she was scared to death. Her stepfather was pimping her out for rent. Wrapped her in my coat, carried her out to the squad car. I went back and I beat that motherfucker half to death. I thought of my wife. I thought of the baby we never had, all the things about her that I hung on to. Because a little girl being brutalized, a little girl being abused has got nothing to do with the rules and regulations and everything to do with right and wrong. It's the same thing with Calvess. Tellis looks through Calvess' photos again and decides to visit Calvess' wife, Kathryn (Anne Openshaw) He returns Calvess' personal effects to her. He asks her if the undercover work affected their home life. She's hesitant to discuss this aspect of Calvess with him. She remembers that Oak gave her the news and he had tears in his eyes. While they're talking Henry comes by for a visit and the girls are happy to see him. Oak seems upset with Tellis being there and asks him to step outside. He screams at Tellis, not to talk to her without him being there. Tellis looks through Calvess' files again and in his recovered substances finds chemicals similair to those that the dealer from the beginning used to kill the bystander. He tells Oaks that the drug was called "burnback" and was basically drug tablescraps. He thinks they might have been trying to sell burnback to Calvess. Through another incident he finds a connection to Eugene Sheps (Bishop Brigante) Tellis talks with Eugene while Oaks looks through the cabinets. Tellis wants to know who sold him the burnback since the dealer he killed at the beginning is dead. When Eugene doesn't give them any information they start tearing up his place finding guns in the freezer. They find that Eugene also has a police shield. While they look at it Eugene pulls a gun and starts firing at them, shooting Tellis, while Oaks kills Eugene. Oaks calls it in and Tellis wakes up in the hospital. He overhears his wife talking to doctors who are concerned about his previous drug use. Tellis gets out quickly and he and Oaks meet with Captain Cheevers who informs them that they're closing the case and saying Eugene murdered Calvess. Oaks is mad as neither of them believe that Eugene was capable of it. The badge he had belonged to a Richard Dekolvie, who was stabbed to death three years ago. Tellis points out that Calvess' murder would have required two men much bigger than Eugene. Cheevers, however, says it's out of his hands. At home, Audrey tells Nick he has to stop now. She says she's seen him "like this" before, and although she was willing to go through it then she isn't now. He insists that it isn't done. Audrey says "What, you think catching 'em is going to make you less like them? Purified? Just like Calvess? You know what, that's bullshit Nick 'cause that's not what he was. That's not what you are. I love you. But with everything that I am, I'm still going to leave. 'cause I can't be with you like this." Nick doesn't respond. Tellis goes to work and finds some files left for him. Oaks interrupts him with information on the name that Eugene gave them, on Darnell "Big D." Love. Oaks points out that he was booked with both Latroy Steeds and Eugene and that they had all worked at Titan's Auto. The two two of them visit Titan's Auto with guns out, covering different floors once in the building. Oaks hears talking downstairs and fires before confronting them. Upstairs someone fires at Tellis with an automatic weapon and runs. Tellis chases him down and finds it's Darnell (Busta Rhymes) Oaks has a man, Latroy Steeds (Richard Chevolleau) cuffed already and he questions them both after cuffing them together. Oaks tells them if they don't help they'll leave in bags, but Darnell tells him they can't do that as it's illegal. Oaks and Tellis start searching the place, destroying cars and looking inside everything. Oaks shoots Darnell's personal car with his shotgun while Tellis checks another, finding a trunk full of weapons. Oaks takes a look and finds another police weapon which he says is Calvess' gun. When confronted, Darnell accuses Oaks of planting the gun. Tellis looks a little suspicious but doesn't say anything. Oaks narrates to them how they killed Calvess. When he tells them to remember Jimmy Fredericks, Darnell says "He was a fucking junkie man." sending Oaks into an outrage. Darnell says "Come on man, we sold to that motherfucker every day, three or four times a day." only angering Oaks more. He screams that Darnell is lying and that they found out he was undercover, tried to kill him with a bad score, and shot him when it didn't work. Darnell says that it was Calvess who gave them the cop guns, in trade for drugs. Oaks loses it and starts beating Darnell, screaming "He was a cop! He was a cop you killed! He had a fucking wife! He had kids!" He beats him savagely until Tellis pulls him away. Tellis proposes they take prints off the weapon and call it in but Oaks tells him not to call in as he wants to get confessions on tape first. He tells Oaks to grab the print kit while he goes upstairs to find more evidence. When Oaks leaves the room Tellis blocks the door and talks to the two cuffed men. Darnell remembers him from the past, but also knows that it was him that killed the "burnback" dealer. They tell him that Calvess had sold him out. He asks why Darnell had told Oaks that he already knew who killed Calvess. Darnell answers "That means that your fucking partner Oak is dirty, man. He's lying to you" explaining further that Oaks was in the tunnel. Darnell reveals that he knew Calvess by his real name, because he got strung out and blew his own cover. He supplied them with badges, ID's and guns and other cops identities when he didn't have money and kept them out of reports. Darnell recounts that Calvess had called him to the tunnel at 6 in the morning strung out and shaking with no money or anything to trade. Darnell told him to fuck off and Calvess threatened to arrest him and Oak showed up behind him in the distance. Calvess saw Oaks and reached for his gun trying to arrest them. Darnell and the other man hit him and knocked him down. They both ran as Oaks was approaching and Oaks started shooting, wounding one of them. Darnell overheard Calvess and Oaks arguing before Oaks killed Calvess. Tellis starts hitting Darnell not wanting to believe him. They point out that he had opened the trunk first and ask if he remembers seeing the gun before Oaks checked it out. Oaks finds the door blocked and pounds on it. Tellis unblocks the door and confronts Oaks outside. Oaks is angry that he spoke to them while he was outside, but Tellis insists on answers. He asks Oak if he learned that Calvess had blown his cover and was tailing him for that. Oak claims he wasn't tailing him, but Tellis asserts that he was there before Calvess died. Oaks claims he was helping Calvess with a bust and it went bad, but Tellis asks why he couldn't identify the men then. Oaks calls Tellis a washout, recounting his incident which cost the woman a baby. Tellis gets angry himself telling Oaks "Shut the fuck up! You're a fucking lie!" He shows Oaks a form from child welfare regarding Kathryn Tunney (Calvess wife) who was the girl in the closet from the story Oaks told him. Tellis had found a trail of Kathryn's drug offenses which Oaks had hidden using his influence. Tellis turns his back and says he's calling it in. Oaks pulls his shotgun and demands Tellis' gun and shield. When Tellis doesn't comply, Oaks hits him. On the ground Tellis, theorizes that he killed Calvess to keep him from breaking Kathryn's heart and says "he was a junkie, how long before he started pimping her out right?" Oaks kicks him again and tells him to go home while he goes inside to finish things up. Oaks goes inside and turns on a tape recorder, demanding that they confess to killing Calvess. When they don't cooperate he fires a few shots right next to their heads. He forces them to hold Calvess' gun. Tellis gets up and pulls a gun on Oaks telling him to stop, as it appears he's about to shoot Darnell. Tellis shoots Oaks and he drops. Tellis leans down and demands Oaks admit he was there to kill him. A very weakened Oak says "They ruined him. They made him that way. They made him a junkie. The department takes everything. The pension. Everything. The family gets nothing. Kathy gets nothing. " Tellis insists "You tell me the truth. Do not fucking go." Oaks whispers to Tellis and we see the scene in flashback. Oaks sees Calvess with Darnell and his associate arguing and approaches them. Calvess pulls his gun and they hit him and run. Oaks runs toward Calvess who is shooting at the dealers. Oaks takes the gun from Calvess and tells him "I'm taking you out." telling him they need to get him help and reminding him what he's doing to his family. He tells Calvess that it's over and apologizes for taking so long to act. Calvess shoots himself and Oaks loses his composure telling Calvess he's sorry. Darnell drags his unconscious partner out of the warehouse while Tellis sits with a deceased Oaks. He looks at the tape recorder near them with a button depressed.
tt0189998
Drama,Horror
Bram Stoker's widow has refused to sell the film rights for Dracula to F.W. Murnau, so Murnau [John Malkovich] decides to film it anyway, changing the names of the characters, the title, and the locations. Thus, Dracula becomes Nosferatu, Transylvania and England become Germany, Count Dracula becomes Count Orlock, and Mina becomes Ellen. After filming the beginnings of the movie on a soundstage in Berlin, Murnau is anxious to get cast and crew to Czechloslovakia where they will be meeting up with Max Schreck [Willem Dafoe], the vampire hired by Murnau to play an actor playing a vampire. Murnau introduces Max Schreck as a character actor from the Reinhold Company and explains that Schreck will remain in character at all times. Yet no one, not even producer Albin Grau [Udo Kier] knows anything about him. As a vampire, Schreck is no Dracula. He is old and bald. He can't remember his humanity; he knows only that his turning had to do with a woman, whose face has long ago passed from his memory. He has lost most of his powers, e.g., his strength and his ability to pass through locked doors. He hasn't seen the light of the sun for centuries. He lives in the filth of an abandoned abbey, keeping himself alive on the blood of the occasional rat he can catch. He thinks the saddest part of Dracula, which he read after Murnau gave him a copy, is when Dracula was forced cook for Harker because he had no servants. He reads and angsts over Goethe's poem about Tithonus, a mortal who wished for immortality but forgot to ask for external youth and is now aged, powerless, and yet must endure...just like himself. He has agreed to make this film only because Murnau has promised to provide him with blood during the filming and, at the end of the movie, Murnau has promised that Schreck can feed on Greta [Catherine McCormack], the actress who is playing Ellen Harker. As the filming progresses, Schreck's performance is both inspiring and creepy, inspiring in how he captures the essence of the vampire and creepy in his own personality and mannerisms. To add to the creepiness, the local villagers are extremely anxious about the nosferatu, particularly after photographer Wolfgang Mueller [Ronan Vibert] is found weak and dazed. While filming the scene where Jonathan Harker cuts his finger with a bread knife, Schreck loses control and takes more blood from Wolfgang, forcing Murnau to threaten Schreck with the admonition that he cannot harm his people or there will be no Greta. Schreck is able to contain himself, feeding on the blood of ferrets, rats, and bats and on the occasional bottle of blood that Murnau supplies, but one thing Schreck refuses to do is to film at sea. Consequently, Murnau is forced to build a replica of the ship on dry ground for the sailing scenes. However, the final scenes of the movie, where Orlock feeds from Ellen and is killed in the morning sunlight, must be shot on the island of Heligoland, so Murnau agrees to fly Orlock there. Unfortunately, Wolfgang is too far gone and must be replaced by another photographer, Fritz Wagner [Cary Elwes]. By now, Murnau's people are beginning to suspect that Schreck is a real vampire. All the cast and crew members lock their bedroom doors at night. Albin and Fritz have gone in search of his coffin but found nothing. Their suspicions are confirmed when one night they come upon Murnau in a laudanum stupor. While under the influence, Murnau blurts out that there is no Max Schreck. He found him in a book about despotic Slovakian rulers reputed to be vampires and then, while Murnau was scouting out locations in Czechloslovakia, he came upon him living in the old monastery. When Fritz asks Murnau what he promised Schreck in return for acting in his movie, Murnau tells the truth: Greta. Albin and Fritz are appalled but agree to go ahead that night with the filming of the final scenes. Murnau has set up the final bedroom scene in an old warehouse that is light-tight, but he has taken care to install a safeguard...a door to allow daylight to come streaming into the room at the flick of a switch. Greta, dressed in a nightgown, is positioned on the bed. Orlock is on the set, his eyes filled with lust for Greta and following her every move. Fritz is behind the camera, ready to shoot. Albin is standing by, and Murnau begins barking out directions. Just as the camera is about to roll, Greta notices that Schreck casts no reflection in the mirror next to her bed. She begins to scream, so Murnau shoots her with laudanum, which knocks her into a compliant stupor. Schreck is almost beside herself. 'I vant her now,' he hisses, but Murnau refuses until after he has shot the death scene. When those shots are completed, Schreck can contain himself no longer and pounces at Greta's neck. Amazingly, Murnau keeps the film rolling as Schreck drinks and drinks. After drinking his fill, Schreck falls asleep, as evidenced by his snores. Murnau, Albin, and Fritz wait. It is daybreak. Hoping to get a more realistic death scene, Murnau orders that the door be opened to flood the room with sunlight. Unbeknown to Murnau, however, Schreck has found the trap and dismantled it. In releasing the lever, the noise awakens Schreck, who becomes irate at being tricked. Fritz attempts to fire on him, but Schreck is impervious to bullets and breaks Fritz's neck. Then he chokes Albin. Meanwhile, Murnau has taken over the camera. He informs Schreck that this ending is unworkable and requests that he return to his original mark. Amazingly, Schreck complies, returning to Greta's neck for another sip of blood. Just then, the outside crew breaks down the door, allowing the sunlight into the chamber, and Schreck dies again...this time for real. After ending the shot, Murnau looks up from the camera and says, 'I think we have it.' [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0887971
Crime,Drama,Horror
On Christmas Eve, suburban housewife Della Myers (Kim Basinger) who lives in a upscale American suburb gets into an argument with her abusive husband Kenneth (Craig Sheffer). He notices on the way into the house, that the floor is covered with their children's toys and clothes. Kenneth verbally abuses Della about her poor housekeeping abilities, and intimidates her by getting into her face, threatening Della by punching a hole in the wall beside her head. After putting her two children to bed, she drives to the mall to buy some last minute wrapping paper. At the mall, Della has a hard time finding a place to park. She circles around and around and soon spies an empty parking space but some Jerk has parked his car to occupy two spaces. Finally, after getting a parking spot, Della walks by this car and writes a note, Jerk, 2 spaces? How inconsiderate, and leaves it on the window of the car. By the time she finishes her purchase, the parking lot is nearly deserted and the note is gone from the car. As she enters her own car, the car on which she had left the note pulls up behind her. She confronts the gang of four young men from the car - the Afro-American Huey (Jamie Starr), the Vietnamese-American Vingh (Leonard Wu) and the Latin Tomás (Luis Chávez) - led by Chuckie (Lukas Haas). Della's taunts Chuckie's name saying "only a moron would name their child that" Where his comeback was that he didn't have any parents and he named himself! Della and the gang members start to push each other around, and a mall security guard steps in to intervene on Della's behalf, but is accidentally shot by Chuckie in the ensuing standoff. As the gang realize that they have committed a murder, Della manages to start her car and drives away. They follow her, intending to kill the only witness. The car chase ends up in a new subdivision that is under construction and Della crashes her truck but escapes uninjured with a red tool box. She takes a flare and her toolbox out of the car and hides behind a dredger. Della runs to the buildings under construction as they discover her. Believing that Della must be carrying something valuable in the little red tool box, the gang forces Della to reveal that she was lugging a full set of tools (mechanics and perhaps some other sharp pointy type implements meant for some repair work). Inspired by the love of her children, Della is determined to survive her nights ordeal. The gang members are shown to be extremely adept at the art of tracking prey in the dark of night, almost unerringly choosing the right direction to go and seeing all possible clues left behind by Della, while waving a single flashlight wildly around and repeatedly yelling Della's name, taunting her and of course all the while, spewing out idle threats. Trying to get the woman, Tomás stumbles upon Huey, who falls and breaks his neck by mischance. After some hide and seek in the woods, Della beats and finally kills Tomás with a cross-wheel-type wrench. She flees through a creek, pursued by Chuckie and Vingh who argue and split up. Della sneaks up on Vingh and kills him in a close fight with another of her tools (the last one) and hides behind a fallen tree. Chuckie tries to persuade Della that he won't kill her. He talks about her kids, saying that he is going to pay them a visit. She screams and he tells her that he won't harm them because they are children and they should not be harmed. He tells her what he thinks of her, that she lives a boring life she doesn't want, mistreated by her husband. He finds her, touches and teases her face. She holds his hand, pulls him down and they kiss. He pulls the gun, both play around .. kissing, teasing. She curses herself and as he is distracted she ignites the flare and blinds him and then takes his gun and shoots him dead. The dazed and exhausted Della returns home, where Kenneth complains like always that she was gone for so long, but Della (deciding to keep her harrowing adventure to herself) ignores him. She goes upstairs to check on her children who are both sleeping. The drunk Kenneth asks if she bought him something at the mall. She points the gun at him and says: "Nothing".
tt0388419
Comedy,Family
For the first time, Luther Krank (Tim Allen) and his wife Nora (Jamie Lee Curtis) are about to celebrate the holidays without their daughter Blair (Julie Gonzalo), who has just left for the Peace Corps in Peru. Luther sees a Caribbean cruise poster in a Chicago travel agency window, and he begins to plan the trip. First he must see how he will pay for the trip, so he comes up with an idea that if they skipped Christmas, they could go. He will save money by not buying a tree, having a party, or putting up decorations. The neighbors think he is crazy and want him to at least put Frosty the Snowman on his roof for the local decoration contest. The battle begins between the Kranks and their neighbors. Then Blair calls and tells her parents that she is flying home for Christmas with her fiancée. They have twenty-four hours to put up all the decorations and prepare for the Christmas party. The movie was based on a John Grisham book, 'Skipping Christmas'. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt1224366
Drama,Mystery
Robert is a young American student at an elite East Coast preparatory school who accidentally captures on camera the tragic death of two classmates. Their lives become memorialized as part of an audio-visual assignment designed to speed up the campus-wide healing process. But the video memorial assignment results in an atmosphere of paranoia and unease among students and teachers.
tt0808244
Comedy,Romance
Set in the early 1930s, Larita (Jessica Biel) meets John Whittaker (Ben Barnes) in Monaco. Larita is from Detroit and her manly array of hobbies coupled with her rebellious attitude make others often think badly of her. John and Larita marry and he takes his bride to the family mansion near Flintham in rural Nottinghamshire to meet his mother, Veronica Whittaker (Kristin Scott Thomas) and father, Major Jim Whittaker (Colin Firth) and his two sisters, Hilda (Kimberley Nixon) and Marion (Katherine Parkinson). Veronica, already predisposed to dislike her new daughter-in-law, is further disappointed to find that she, like Jim, speaks fluent French. Larita also meets John's former girlfriend and neighbor Sarah Hurst (Charlotte Riley), who is gracious about the marriage. John's sisters are somewhat neurotic, homely and mentally troubled girls who have not only inherited Veronica's manipulative streak, but also both share an obsession with men. Hilda is desperate to find a husband but behaves like a child and fixates on morbid newspaper clippings, while Marion is overweight, unattractive and still pining over a man who left her. Larita quickly develops a sort of love-hate relationship with the sisters, but befriends Furber (Kris Marshall), a lonely butler who has spent much of his career in the Whittaker household observing the family's petty and bizarre behavior with silent disdain. With the assistance of elderly groundskeeper Jackson (Jim McManus), Furber helps Larita after she accidentally sits on and squashes to death Poppy, an obnoxious pet chihuahua in the household. Unfortunately for Larita, a hound digs up Poppy's corpse, and the family becomes even more hateful. Larita makes some inadvertent gaffes. She teaches Hilda the Can-Can dance at a fundraiser, and Hilda decides to dance with no panties on, thus mooning the audience, much to her later humiliation when she learns that it's not traditional to dance with nothing on as she was told. Larita also hangs a graphic painting (modeled after herself nude) on the wall in the mansion's parlor room, and gives some joking advice to Hilda that unfortunately results in embarrassment to, and enmity from, the sisters. Sarah comes to the Whittakers' parties, and to play tennis, accompanied by her brother Philip (Christian Brassington), on whom Hilda has a crush. Philip, however, is infatuated with Larita, which further angers Hilda. Larita reveals she has been previously married and remains calm in the face of her mother-in-law's disdain. To Larita's disappointment, John is not eager to leave the estate so that they can find a home of their own. Larita is bored and miserable in the countryside and hates blood sports like hunting, and any of the entertainment that country English people seem to enjoy, finding it cruel and silly. In protest of the fox hunt she drives a refurbished motorcycle out past the hunters and their hounds in order to chase the fox herself but keep the hounds away, thus protecting it. She reads Lady Chatterley's Lover, shocking the female relatives (although Marion secretly reads the book as well), and she will not play tennis. She dislikes Veronica's gaudy dog-themed decor, her constant entertaining of her friends, and the overcooked food. She tries to get along with Veronica who refuses to accept her and resents her attempts to bring American traditions into the home, including Thanksgiving, which none of the Whittaker Family understand or appreciate. Veronica and her hunting party discover John and Larita having sex in an outbuilding. Larita becomes increasingly isolated and demoralized by her mother-in-law's derision, verbal attacks and dirty tricks. Larita also treats Furber and Jackson better than Veronica does, and thus both men develop a quiet mutual hatred for their employer. Larita retreats to Jim's workshop to work on his motorcycle. Still troubled from having lost all his men in the Great War, traumatized by what he experienced (although Larita is shocked to learn that Veronica came back to him even after he was caught at a brothel) Jim has lost interest in the estate. Any love between him and his wife has long since disappeared. The Whittakers have fallen on hard times and are on the verge of bankruptcy, yet deny Larita's offers to help, afraid of losing their 7th generation estate. John loses his independence and seems immature as he is drawn into family life. John's affection for Larita seems to be waning, as he complains about his wife to Sarah, who finds his overture inappropriate. Hilda receives a newspaper clipping from her uncle in America revealing information about Larita's first husband, an older man dying of cancer. It turns out Larita was charged with murder of her dying husband but was found innocent in court. Nevertheless, John withdraws from Larita, while Jim scolds his daughters for their cruelty and Furber expresses his disgust at Hilda's nosiness by pouring too much gravy all over her food. At Veronica's Christmas party, everything is a disaster. Furber secretly drinks the guests' wine and stumbles around drunk, while Larita hides in the darkness of her bedroom, refusing to join the party. Veronica fibs to the guests that it's due to a "headache". John refuses to dance with Larita when she finally joins in the festivities, so Jim dances a tango with her. Afterwards Furber and Sarah console her. Furber tells her that he himself was once arrested for bigamy, an ironic twist since the Whittakers have such suspicion of Larita but not of him. Sarah meanwhile rushes to find Larita - in spite of everything the two have become good friends. Larita determines to leave the marriage, and on her way out of the mansion, she apologizes to Sarah for having interrupted her relationship with John. She hopes that Sarah will take John back, and the two women share a private hug as Larita gives Sarah her expensive wedding ring. Veronica and her daughters confront Larita one last time, and an argument ensues in which Veronica and Larita trade barbs, and Larita advises the daughters to leave and see the world, in their own eyes, while they still can, declaring, "I can't live in this house anymore... nothing can." The two sisters only sneer rudely but appear to resemble Veronica in a more hideous form, dressed in the same dark garb with the same sour faces. After breaking it off with John, who she admits she regards as a child who has no idea what real love actually is, she admits that she poisoned her own dying husband out of the deepest love there can be, and that John will never be able to love her that deeply. Larita destroys a large bust as she leaves the house in one last act of retaliation. On her way out, she says goodbye to Furber and in gratitude gives him and Jackson a substantial amount of money. Furber wonders where his new friend will go, and Larita reassures him that she'll find her own way. As he wishes her good luck, Jim hops into the car, prepared to run away with Larita and take a chance at a carefree adventure. Furber wishes the pair good luck, and they both drive off, leaving the mansion behind for good.
tt0377309
Drama,Romance,Thriller
Jack (Billy Zane) and Jennifer (Kelly Brook) are a well-off married couple. He is a millionaire, and she is young and sexy. They share a private boat with some other friends like Maggie Richards (Isabelle Constantini), the wife of the captain of the ship, Captain Richards (Gary "Tex" Brockette). Brazilian young worker Manuel (Juan Pablo Di Pace) works at the ship. As the boat is leaving Manuel is seen striking a woman, presumably his girlfriend. Jack is accustomed to do as he pleases and thinks that his money will grant him every caprice in the world, which doesn't prevent him to feel jealous about his young wife. Jack is much older, and there is a feeling in his head that his wife may be with him because of his money. There is a fight between Manuel and Jack concerning Jennifer. Manuel quits his job on the boat after the conflict with Jack and throws a dish towel on a lit stove. This causes the boat to catch on fire and everyone to evacuate. There are only three survivors: the love triangle of Jack, Manuel and Jennifer in the middle. At first, Manuel and Jennifer think they are alone on the island and are having a hard time surviving without the ability to make fire. They go swimming together and Jennifer discovers that the woman Manuel struck was his girlfriend and he struck her because she claimed to be pregnant. Soon they find Jack in a pool and he has a lighter. Jack is constantly jealous of Manuel and Jennifer. The couple build a hut on the beach, - they consider the island jungle uninhabitable because of the swarms of mosquitoes - and Manuel builds his own hut next to them, but with clear limits between one home and the other. They worry constantly about getting food, the always-prowling sharks on the shore, the sharp reef, the keeping of the fire - Jack has got his own lighter, but they always have fear that it will extinguish. Manuel is younger and stronger. He tries to keep his distance with Jen, but it's difficult, as the island is not that big, although is big enough to have fresh water. Manuel is the main food provider: he climbs palm trees to get coconuts, he dives to fish... Jack seems unable to do those physical things, but it doesn't prevent him to keep from threatening Manuel to finish him off as soon as they leave the island. Manuel says that Jack's money is useless in the island, meanwhile Jack insists that he will boycott Manuel in their future lives post-island. Antagonism between Jack and Manuel escalate. Jack forbids Jen to eat the fish Manuel has caught, as from that moment on he wants to be the "breadwinner". Jen talks to Manuel nicely, so he offers her some fish. She doesn't tell Jack, but he finds it out. She defends herself, saying that she has stolen it from Manuel, in spite of which he isn't angry with her. Jack tries to fish even harder. One day, Jen and Manuel get caught in a fight, and they finally end up making love on the beach. Jack realises that, so he attacks Manuel. The Brazilian is stronger and Jen switch sides: she goes to Manuel's hut. Jack creates some goggles with parts of a plastic bottle. That way, he can rescue the sunk boat. Jen and Manuel run to him, but he doesn't want to share his recovery. Manuel and Jennifer plot to steal Jack's boat when he is distracted. Jack is eavesdropping while Jennifer and Manuel are making love in the water and they make up their plan. The next morning, Jack says that he's going to create a sail for the boat, and is going to fish before he leaves. Jen and Manuel run to get away in the boat, while Jack makes believe he's really angry, but sits to see what happens instead. When Manuel and Jen are two kilometres away, they realise that the boat has some missing parts, so water is going to flood it. They have to swim back all the way to the island. When they reach the island, Manuel is so tired that Jack can beat him up. Jack hits Manuel in the back with a spear though Manuel is eventually able to fight off Jack. Jen tries to stop them to no avail. She ends up tied to a pole where Jack threatens to rape her in front of Manuel. Manuel shows up and he and Jack fight which is enough time for Jen to escape. Jen and Manuel escape into the jungle. This separates the two groups even more: they steal each other's fish, they design traps for one another, and they hate each other more and more. Jack realises that there is a trap intending to kill him. At this point, the audience begins to see the images of a Manuel's pregnant girlfriend doing a voodoo ritual: she's setting a curse to Manuel. That's what helps Jack to realise about the trap. He sees Manuel and Jen who have climbed up to the top of a tree. He throws a spear and aims at Manuel. Manuel falls down. He tries to fight, despite Jennifer's attempts to reason with either of them. Manuel is weak from his wounds, his fall to the ground, and in the ensuing fight, Manuel is about to kill Jack while Jen holds him down but the voodoo woman makes Manuel fall over with her spell and he lands on a sharp stick, killing him. Jen hates Jack at this point, but she has to keep on living with him. A year or maybe more has passed since the three castaways reached the island. Jennifer is sleeping on her hut, when two children (Summer Davis & Keera Ann Davis) wake her up. They have gone to her hut in the beach attracted by the weird construction. The parents realise that she is a castaway and leave with her in their small boat. Jen takes the lighter with her. Jack is fishing, and she doesn't mention him to the family who has rescued her. She sees him swimming from the boat but doesn't call back to the captain. She is abandoning her husband for good. At first, on seeing the boat, Jack is overjoyed, but when he sees the boat living without him, the smile goes off his face.
tt0373450
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The film alternates between 1957 when Martin & Lewis-like comedy team Lanny Morris and Vince Collins are at the height of their success, and 1972 when journalist Karen O'Connor is determined to unravel the mystery of a young woman who was found dead in their hotel suite. Immediately after hosting a 39-hour-long polio telethon in a Miami television studio, Morris and Collins fly north to discuss opening the showroom in a new Las Vegas hotel constructed by mobster Sally Sanmarco. In their Atlantic City hotel suite, the body of college student Maureen O'Flaherty is found in a bathtub filled with water, but since both men were en route to the hotel at the time she was murdered, neither is thought to be connected to the crime. Shortly after, their partnership is dissolved. Fifteen years later, Karen who as a young polio survivor met the team at the telethon becomes part of a $1 million deal to ghostwrite Vince's autobiography, a project complicated by the fact she keeps receiving anonymously sent chapters from a book about the one-time duo Lanny himself has written. She first meets Lanny, accompanied by his faithful valet Reuben, on a transcontinental flight, during which she introduces herself as Bonnie Trout, the name of the best friend with whom she's trading apartments. The two meet for dinner at a Chinese restaurant and later become intimate in Lanny's hotel room. The next morning, Karen awakens to discover Lanny has checked out without saying goodbye. She later meets Vince and, using her own name, begins to interview him for the book. Complications arise when Vince invites her to dinner at his Los Angeles home and she learns Lanny will be joining them as well. She abruptly excuses herself but meets Lanny in the driveway. As the two are talking they are confronted by Vince, and Karen's masquerade is revealed. Vince agrees to continue to cooperate with the book, but he has an ulterior motive. Plying Karen with wine and drugs, he strips her completely naked and manipulates her into having sexual intercourse with an aspiring singer named Alice and photographs the two in compromising positions. He threatens to use them to humiliate Karen if he's displeased with what she writes but she turns the tables on him and, undaunted continues investigating until learning the truth - Vince was bisexual and after an unfortunate incident revealed this to Maureen. Lanny tried to bribe her to keep quiet, but Maureen wanted more than Lanny was willing to offer, so Reuben murdered her to cover it up. Vince later commits suicide, and Karen decides not to reveal the truth to Maureen's mother.
tt0497972
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Roderick Blank (Simon Baker) is the 'annoyingly perfect and together' young man: in his 30s, he's got a great job (executive for 'Swallows', a fast-food restaurant chain designed to not look like a fast-food chain), a beautiful fiancee Fiona Wormwood (Julie Bowen) with whom he cannot wait to have a family, as well as demented best friends Zack (Neil Flynn) and Lester (Dash Mihok). On the day of his bachelor party, Roderick's assistant Trixie is relaying to him via cell-phone conversation his emails; when she opens the last one (sender unknown) it turns out to be a list of all the women Roderick has ever had a sexual relationship with and Roderick naturally assumes that since he's getting married, Fiona is the last woman on the list. Unfortunately for him, Fiona is only #29, the list keeps on going to 101. Thinking it's a bachelor party joke from Lester, Roderick tries to blow it off, but just can't get it out of his mind: Who would know such intimate details about his life, and who could predict his future conquests, assuming the list was accurate? He looks at the 30th name - Carlotta Valdez - and wonders how and when this will occur. That night at his bachelor party, after the stripper 'Precious' mistakenly thinks he will have sex with her, even going so far as to unzip him and put on a condom he politely refuses her advances. However, a slip of the tongue (Precious thanks him by saying 'gracias') followed by a slip on the condom wrapper ends up put two and two together - the stripper, real name Carlotta Valdez - literally lands on him, and they have sex. But after learning of his subsequent infidelities, Fiona calls off the wedding. Suddenly aware of his extremely good luck, Roderick proceeds to cross one name after another off of the list, including a tryst with a centrefold's leprosy-ridden grandmother, a Swallows drive-thru girl, a flight attendant, a reality-tv 'power lesbian' couple, and a self-help guru. The speed at which he is crossing names off of the list causes his friends to become concerned for his mental well-being; they convince him to bury the list. However after the end of a relationship with Lester's charming and quirky veterinarian (Leslie Bibb), Roderick digs up the list and returns to his old ways. In the background of all this action is the activities of a woman nicknamed 'Death Nell' (Winona Ryder) in the press, a 'serial killer' of men who have committed sexual crimes: she seduces these men, and puts them into a permanent coma, leaving behind a line of feminist poetry in spray paint in the room. An agency which has been tracking death Nell's activities has also been keeping track of Roderick's, as it was them who sent the email to him in the first place. The email, as it turned out, came from a large quantum-mechanical computer called the 'Oracle' and the agency's job is to help those who receive emails keep from losing their minds. Things begin to unravel for Roderick when he discovers that the identity of #101 Gillian de Raisx is in fact the notorious Death Nell and he begins to try everything in his power to avoid having sex and thus reaching the end of the list, including reading James Joyce's Ulysses, building scale models and taking up road biking. The last activity ends in disaster when he crashes his bike, and a school bus of female students from an all-girls Christian college 'help him' by helping themselves (believing that Roderick was sent by God to them) and proceed to use him to lose their virginities, thus catapulting him from #82-100 in the space of a single afternoon (and also causing Lester to write a letter to a men's magazine, presumably Penthouse Forum). When the agency tells him they are close to catching Death Nell, Roderick, guilt ridden over his treatment of his previous conquests, decides to go to the hotel where she will be staying and meet her face to face. Instead they meet in a diner and share a meal and conversation. Gillian/Nell reveals that she was a Poetry/Chemistry student who married young and was forced to perform many degrading sexual favours with her husband. After his death (caused by a broken neck after slipping on a pencil), Gillian realizes she inadvertently caused him to get his just rewards (she'd dropped the pencil accidentally after writing in her diary) and set out on her 'quest'. At the end of the meal, she tells Roderick she's exhausted from the whole ordeal and just wants to sleep. She shows him two purple pills and suggests they spend the night together, after which they would each take a pill and fall into a coma; Roderick agrees: they seduce each other, take the pill and fall into bed. On the wall behind them, in red spray paint is written 'The End'. The next scene shows two bodies under a sheet in a bed, not moving. Suddenly a little boy of about three jumps onto the bed, awakening his parents: Roderick and Gillian. It is revealed that Gillian and Roderick never took the pills and have gotten married and now are the happy family that Roderick has always wanted to have. In a brief epilogue, Gillian's comatose victims are brought back to life.
tt0780608
Comedy
Smiley Face follows Jane, a regular pothead and aspiring actress. Her normal day consists of 'waking and baking', eating chips, and sleeping on her wonderful bed. The movie starts off with her talking to herself on the top of a still Ferris wheel. Then it goes back to 9 am that same day, when Jane is smoking weed and playing on the computer. She goes to the fridge to get something to eat and finds her roommate's batch of delicious cupcakes that he's saving for this SciFi Party later on. Of course, she eats all of them, only to realize they were also baked with pot. So, incredibly high, Jane makes a list of things to do, including buy more pot to make her roommate more cupcakes, go to her acting audition, and pay the power bill in person before the company cuts off their electricity. That is how Jane's day begins... but it goes on well into sunset, where you will find Jane back on the Ferris wheel, with the original Communist manifesto by Karl Marx in her arms and several angry people below her, ready to send her to prison.
tt0418773
Comedy,Drama
When newlywed Madeleine (Embeth Davidtz), an art dealer, travels from Chicago to North Carolina to pursue a local, self-taught painter (Frank Hoyt Taylor) for her outsider art gallery she takes the opportunity to meet her husband George's (Alessandro Nivola) family, who live close by. There's his flinty, judgmental mother Peg (Celia Weston); his reserved, contemplative father Eugene (Scott Wilson); and his sullen, resentful, twenty-ish brother Johnny (Benjamin McKenzie) who, although married, still lives at home, and is studying for his high school equivalence certificate while working at Replacements, Ltd. as an order processor. Johnny married his wife, Ashley, before either of them finished high school. Relations between Johnny and Ashley are strained, with Ashley believing that a baby will solve their marital problems. Madeleine and George stay in the baby's nursery and she becomes friends with Johnny's pregnant young wife Ashley (Amy Adams), a very sweet and friendly, if somewhat naive and talkative girl. The family take Madeline to a church service and she attends Ashley's baby shower. Madeleine discovers that she does not know much about George, as they have been married only six months, and knew each other only a week before they got married. George's strong Southern family values come through. The artist Madeleine is trying to sign wavers over signing with her gallery. Ashley goes in to labor, and the family goes to the hospital with her, but Madeleine chooses to go and convince the artist to sign with her gallery, which makes George angry. Ashley's baby boy is stillborn. She tells George she was going to name it "Junebug". George and Madeleine leave to go back to Chicago.
tt0479537
Action,Drama,Thriller
The film is set after the end of the American Civil War. Gideon (Pierce Brosnan) is hiding in the American Rockies, contemplating a fire. A shot pierces the silence and hits Gideon, who is then convulsed in pain and quickly runs away, followed by his pursuers. Soon the audience learns why: Gideon is a hunted man. Colonel Morsman Carver (Liam Neeson), a Confederate officer, has hired several mountain men to trap Gideon so that Carver can avenge a terrible wrong that he once committed. From the snowy peaks, the story descends into the savannasfull of rapacious traders, vicious railway foremen and overly-welcoming missionariesand moves finally into the desert, where the two men challenge each other in the face of Mother Nature at her harshest, with surreal visitations (from Louise C. Fair) to guide them to their final confrontation.
tt0119256
Crime,Drama
John (John C. Reilly) is a down-and-out gambler who lost all his money gambling at Las Vegas. The first time he appears, he's sitting outside a diner and Sydney (Philip Baker Hall) sees him. Sydney offers to help John learn how to navigate the Las Vegas world. This means placing small bets, establishing himself and getting 'comped' for a room at the casino. Life at the casino is good for John and Sydney. While staying there, they meet two people who become important to the film: Jimmy (Samuel L. Jackson) is a small-time player in the Las Vegas scene and Clementine (Gwyneth Paltrow), a full-time cocktail waitress and a part-time hooker. Sydney takes Clementine under his wing just like he did John. John and Clementine get married and when Clementine has sex with a visitor to Vegas (F. William Parker) who refuses to pay, John angrily kidnaps and attacks him. John telephones Sydney to come over and help straighten things out. When Sydney gets to the motel where John and Clementine are holding the hostage, Sydney removes evidence that they were there and tells the newlyweds to go away. They leave headed for Niagara Falls. Jimmy then enters and tries to blackmail Sydney with the knowledge that Sydney killed John's father. It seems that Sydney meeting and helping John wasn't an accident after all. The title comes from lingo used by gamblers while playing Craps. Rolling a seven with two dice is the most likely result. Eight and Six are the second most frequently rolled totals with two dice. In order to increase the payout for these number combinations, a bet can be made that requires a pair of threes for a 'Hard Six' or a pair of fours for a 'Hard Eight'. Early in the film Philip Seymour Hoffman loses while playing for a 'Hard Eight'. Later in the film Jimmy gambles for a 'Hard Eight' and wins. At the end of the film Jimmy's luck runs out. While celebrating his 'Hard Eight' victory, Sydney ties up the loose ends by killing Jimmy.
tt0105151
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Griffin Mill (Tim Robbins) is a studio executive dating story editor Bonnie Sherow (Cynthia Stevenson). He hears story pitches from screenwriters and decides which have the potential to be made into films, green-lighting only 12 out of 50,000 submissions every year. His job is endangered when up-and-coming story executive Larry Levy (Peter Gallagher) begins working at the studio. Mill has also been receiving death-threatening postcards, assumed to be from a screenwriter whose pitch he rejected. Mill surmises that the disgruntled writer is David Kahane (Vincent D'Onofrio). Mill lurks around Kahane's home and is told by Kahane's girlfriend, June Gudmundsdottir (Greta Scacchi), whom he watches while talking to her on the phone, that Kahane is at a showing of 'The Bicycle Thief'. Mill goes to the theater, pretending to recognize Kahane in the lobby after the film, and offers him a scriptwriting deal, hoping this will stop the threats. The two go to a nearby bar and have some drinks. Kahane gets intoxicated and rebuffs Mills offer; he calls Mill a liar, pointing out that he knows Mill didn't really go to the theater to see 'The Bicycle Thief' because Kahane saw Mill wander in late and only catch the last five minutes of it, and denies responsibility for sending Mill the postcards. Kahane continues goading Mill about his job security at the studio. In the bar's parking lot the two men fight. Mill loses his balance and falls, and feeling threatened, kills Kahane, then makes the death look like a robbery gone wrong. The next day, Mill receives another postcard. Mill attends Kahanes funeral and gets along with June; she knows none of the other mourners. Studio chief of security Walter Stuckel (Fred Ward) confronts Mill about the murder and says that the police know Mill was the last one to see Kahane alive. Detectives Avery (Whoopi Goldberg) and DeLongpre (Lyle Lovett) suspect Mill is guilty of murder. They question him and DeLongpre keeps an eye on him. Mill receives a postcard from the writer suggesting they meet at a club. While Mill is waiting, he is cornered by two screenwriters who pitch Habeas Corpus, a serious legal drama featuring no major stars and with a depressing ending. Mill's stalker never shows up for the meeting. Leaving the club, Mill receives a fax in his Range Rover from the stalking writer, advising him to look under his raincoat, where he discovers a live rattlesnake, whereby he stops the car and flees. The brush with death makes Griffin Mill realize he has feelings for June. Having persuaded Bonnie to leave for New York on studio business, Mill takes June to a Hollywood awards banquet and their relationship blossoms. Apprehensive that Larry Levy continues encroaching on his job, Mill phones Levy and invites the two writers to pitch Habeas Corpus. Mill convinces Levy that the scenario is good and the movie will be an Oscar contender. Mill's plan is to let Levy shepherd the film through production and have it flop. Mill will step in at the last moment, suggesting some changes to salvage the films box office, letting him reclaim his position at the studio. Mill asks June to go away with him to Acapulco, and Bonnie confronts him about his relationship with June. At the airport, Griffin discovers DeLongpre with police officers patrolling the terminal. He pretends to have left his passport at home and suggests a change of plans to June, and the pair head for an isolated desert resort and spa. During their weekend, Griffin and June consummate their relationship. Mill receives a call from his attorney, who informs him that studio head Joel Levison (Brion James) has been fired, and the police want Mill to participate in a lineup. An elderly eyewitness has come forward who claims to have seen the murder and can identify the assailant. Mill gains a reprieve when the witness fails to identify him in the lineup. One year later. Studio power players are watching the end of Habeas Corpus with a new, tacked-on, upbeat "Hollywood" ending. Mill's plan to "save" the movie has worked and he is head of the studio. June is now Griffin's wife and pregnant with his child. Bonnie objects to the changes and is fired, a decision Griffin does not overrule; he rebuffs Bonnie when she appeals her termination to him. Mill receives a pitch over the phone from a man who reveals himself as the postcard writer. The man pitches an idea about a studio executive who kills a writer and gets away with murder. Mill recognizes the pitch as blackmail and gives the writer a deal. The writers title for the film is 'The Player'.
tt0899128
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The film begins with Marnie Watson (Famke Jannsen) being driven home in a New York City police car. She stands outside for a few seconds, before going in to the house. Shanks (Bobby Cannavale), the cop escorting her, tells her not to get used to fresh air. He lets her in to the hall, and Shanks tears off the police crime scene tape that had been left there. After they get inside, someone comes to fit her ankle bracelet, and they tell her she cannot move more than 100 feet from the detector in the hallway. Shanks treats Marnie quite badly, telling her she will remain in the house until her sentence is up. He tells her to clean up some blood from the wall, and that she will have lots of time to think about what she did. Marnie argues with him, telling him that if the police had taken her crime reports seriously, her husband would still be alive today. The cynical Shanks leaves with indifference. Later that day, Marnie takes all of her husband's pictures, and belongings, and puts them in her basement, where the detector goes off. She then paints over the blood in the wall. She calls the power company about having her power restored, and they tell her they can't make it until Monday, so she has to light some candles. Later that night, she is in bed, and hears footsteps, but it turns out to be a cat. She continues to hear the footsteps, and goes downstairs, where she finds a homeless man, and threatens to stab him if he doesn't leave. The next day, a local delivery boy, Joey (Ed Westwick) arrives, and brings her shopping over. He tells her he lives in the same street, and compliments her house. She tells him she needs him to come by regularly, and he says he will do it for the tips. Marnie watches him leave, with a look of lust in her eyes. Later that night, she is going upstairs, when the ghost of her husband, Mike Watson (Michael Paré) pushes her down the stairs. As she crawls to the front door, she sets the detector off. She stands up, and Mike lunges at her. Shanks arrives a short time later, and finds her unconscious at the front door. She tells him she fell down the stairs. He asks her if someone is beating her, but she tells him she wouldn't cover for anyone. He then chastises her for not cleaning up the blood stain, which has reappeared on the wall. The next day, she cleans it up again, before heading upstairs with a baseball bat. She gets scared when the power company switch the power back on. She goes to make herself a cup of coffee, when the cupboard starts to rattle, and plates fly across the room at her. She shouts at Mike that he had it coming, because he beat her for years. Her sister Frances (Patricia Charbonneau) arrives to buy out her share of her mother's house, and the pair row. Joey comes over the next day, and tells her he knows what happened in her house. She then reads a book on exorcising spirits, and finds out that it is necessary to remove the dead person's belongings from the house. She collects Mike's things from the basement, and he attacks her. She grabs his case, but Shanks appears and tells her he heard screaming. He decides that Joey is hitting her. He believes that she is covering for Mike's killer, and tells her he will protect her. She tells him he can't protect her. He tells her he read Mike's files and saw what he did to her. He apologises for not doing anything at the time. After Shanks leaves, she drops her ring down the sink, and reaches in to collect it. Mike grabs her hand and pulls it in to the drain, cutting it up. After some digging around, she finds a crawlspace under her bedroom floor, that is filled with money. She invites a priest, Father Pritchet (Kevin Geer) over to her house, and donates the money to the church. She asks him to bless her house, and he tells her that he can't do it. After he leaves, the ghost Mike seals up the house, and throws furniture at Marnie. She escapes, and phones Joey. He tells her he will come over, but she says he better don't. He arrives at her house, and begins to shout to let him in. She throws the keys down, and he enters. They make love, and in the morning, Mike appears, and attacks Joey, breaking his bones. Marnie hides Joey in the crawlspace, as Shanks arrives, demanding to know why Joey is hitting her. She tells him to leave, as Joey's corpse falls into the hallway. He arrests her for Joey's murder, just as Mike sends her flying across the room. Shanks notices this, and Mike attacks him too. He tells Mike to stay away from Marnie, but Mike sets the house on fire, and throws them both into the basement. Marnie takes off her ring and throws it into the furnace, finally destroying Mike's ghost. Shanks tells her to escape, and she gets on a bus to leave New York forever, while he tells people that she died in the fire.
tt0477078
Comedy,Drama
Functioning 'Midst Dysfunctional: Hal Hefner [Reece Thompson] keeps trying to function in a dysfunctional family. His parents have separated; his Mom Juliet [Lisbet Bartlett] periodically moves in a lover [Judge Pete, as played by Steve Park] and his son Heston [Aaron Yoo]; and Hals angry, violent older brother Earl [Vincent Piazza] could be semi-certified as a Misfit. It is thus no great surprise that Hal has turned into a high-schooler who stutters both verbally and emotionally. He is not so much looking for answers to life's big questions as looking for answers to ANY questions. Meeting top-notch Debating Team star Ginny [Anna Kendrick] gives him a REASON to try to improve his life. He is not always successful at his attempts (one of which is joining the Debating team at Ginnys insistence), but his WILLINGNESS to start making really sincere EFFORTS to improve is what is important.
tt0372334
Comedy,Drama
Set in NYC, House of D is a "coming of age" story of a 13 y/o boy, Tommy (Anton Yelchin), being raised by a single mom (Tea Leoni). This boy befriends the janitor, Pappass (Robin Williams) of his Catholic school & is his co-worker as a delivery boy @ the local butcher shop. As an adult, Tommy (David Duchovny) is an illustrator living in Paris, now with a family of his own. Tommy must resolve past issues & present relationships that have unraveled due to an incident that happened with Pappass when Tommy was a boy. Also stars Robin Williams daughter (Zelda), who is Tommy's first "crush" & Erykah Badu as "Lady" / Bernadette, a woman who is imprisioned in the "Women's House of D". She imparts wisdom to Tommy. The House of D was a womens prison in Manhattan where inmates could freely talk to those passing by along the street, built in 1934, Women's House of D was later razed in 1974 for a park. Duchovny also directed & wrote the screen play. Excellent extra features on the DVD.
tt0259484
Action,Crime,Drama
Paid in Full is about a young man who rises to the top of the cocaine industry in Harlem. The protagonist, Ace, is played by Wood Harris. At the beginning of the movie, Ace is stuck in a dead end job working in a dry cleaner's shop. His sister's boyfriend, Calvin, is a big time drug dealer who often tries to lure Ace into becoming a part of the drug trade with promises of fast money and glamour. Ace resists these temptations, warning constantly that Calvin's flashy style and audacious method of dealing will get him arrested. When Calvin does get locked up, Ace ends up taking his position on the streets after a chance encounter with Lulu, a Dominican drug dealer. With the help of his friend, Mitch and their partner and enforcer, Rico, he creates a huge drug empire in Harlem. However - unlike most hustlers, Ace is careful not to draw too much attention to himself and stay, more or less, behind the scenes. Mitch, Ace's best friend, is very popular and an extremely flashy drug dealer. Mitch does not pressure Ace to become a dealer because he thinks that his friend is not the hustling type. In fact, he humorously tells Ace that he will become the "George Jefferson" of the ghetto, making reference to his job at the dry cleaning shop. Eventually, Mitch gets arrested. During this time, though, Ace has been introduced into the drug game by Lulu. Soon after Mitch's release, Ace becomes partners with his best friend, realizing he cannot control such a lucrative empire on his own. The two quickly become successful, gaining a reputation worthy of street legends. Rico, a recently released inmate who came to Mitch's aid while Mitch was in prison, appears, and as a show of appreciation and gratitude, Mitch suggests to Ace that Rico join the team, since they could always use additional "muscle" to bolster their rise to the top. Ace agrees. The trio become extremely well known in Harlem, the center of their operations, as well as locations across New York, Washington D.C. and other areas. Ace, as always, tries to remain quiet with a low profile while Mitch returned to his image as the "rich, pretty boy" gangsta. Rico's reputation, however, is one of a ruthless 'killa' who is always quick to show his loyalty to Ace and Mitch by making an example of anyone who does not pull their weight on the streets. After their rise, trouble soon finds them. When Calvin is released from jail, he tries to regain his position of power in the streets. After Ace gives him a lower-level role on the team, Calvin becomes dissatisfied with the thought of making money only as a result of Ace's generosity. Calvin cannot accept the idea of losing his former territory and clientele to Ace and decides not to partner with Ace if he cannot be one of the leaders of the team. He attempts to rob and kill Ace at his apartment one night and shoots him in several times, including a shot to the head. Ace survives, however, and begins to think it's time to leave the game before he is killed. Nonetheless, Rico kills Calvin in retaliation. A short time later, Mitch's brother, Sonny is kidnapped. In an attempt to get his brother back, Mitch tries to raise the tremendous ransom the only way he knows how. He asks Ace, who is basically retired, to help him one last time to get a large quantity of drugs - enough to raise sufficient money to pay the ransom. Ace helps Mitch as requested. When Mitch reaches out to Rico for help to sell the drugs and raise the money, Rico takes this as an opportunity to establish himself and expand his hustle. He kills Mitch and takes the drugs Mitch intended to sell to rescue Sonny. Soon after Ace is told about what happened to Mitch, Ace realizes that Rico was to meet up with Mitch that same night and might be responsible for Mitch's death. Ace then sets up a meeting between him and Rico interrogating Rico on what happened between him and Mitch that night, Rico in return answers that he hadn't seen Mitch all day, Ace then realizes that he is lying and settles the score with Rico by giving him the number to two FBI agents working undercover as drug dealers that Ace had spoken to once before. Rico is arrested and is last seen in prison giving up information on his out-of-town connections in Washington D.C., but not on the connections he once had in Harlem, due to his is claim that "When I come home, I'm still gon' be the king." Since the ransom was not paid, Sonny is later found dead as well. Later, it is found that Sonny's kindnapping had been set up by his own uncle and was killed by Tommy an accomplice of their uncles who resented Mitch because he would not provide him with money. Ace does manage to get completely out of the drug game and makes a new life for himself and his family using diamonds he found in Lulu's apartment.
tt0308878
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Adam is a student at Mercy College, a fictitious Midwestern college, as an English Literature major, who wants more in his dull life than classes and studying. One day by chance, Adam meets Evelyn, an attractive graduate art student, at the local museum where he works. Afterwards, his life takes an unexpected turn. Never having had success with women, the nerd-like, socially awkward Adam is flattered when Evelyn shows an interest in him and, at Evelyn's suggestion, begins a regular exercise regimen, eats healthier foods, and purchases contact lenses in place of his eyeglasses. These initial changes in Adam's physical appearance are well received by Adam's friend Phillip and his girlfriend Jenny. Later however, Evelyn cajoles Adam into undergoing plastic surgery and succeeds in persuading him to cut himself off from Phillip and Jenny as well as all his old friends because Evelyn claims to Adam that SHE is his one and only friend. After another while, Adam proposes marriage to Evelyn, and right away, she accepts. But at the climax, Adam learns that he has been part of Evelyn's MFA thesis project, a topic often touched on in conversation throughout the movie but never fully explained. Evelyn relates that she had been instructed to "change the world" by her graduate adviser, but that she has chosen to change "someone's world", her academic work ultimately consisting of "sculpting" Adam into a more attractive human being. Her true nature and cruelness becomes known one day when she presents Adam before an audience of students and faculty as her "creation", which somewhat embarrasses him. Accordingly, none of the feelings she has shown him this whole time are genuine; at no stage in their "relationship" did she ever fall in love with him; her videotaping of their lovemaking is just a part of the project's documentation. The next day at her gallery opening, Evelyn announces before the live audience that she is not going to marry Adam and the engagement ring he offers her is simply one of the exhibits of her art installation, albeit the "capper to my time at Clarkson." Publicly humiliated and devastated, Adam confronts Evelyn, demanding an explanation for her actions. Completely unapologetic, Evelyn responds by saying that he should in fact be grateful to her, claiming that, objectively speaking, she has been a positive influence on his life, making him a more attractive and interesting person in the eyes of society. Finally seeing the devious vixen that Evelyn really is, Adam tells her that they are finished. Evelyn cynically states to Adam that there never was a "relationship" between them to finish in the first place. In the final moments of the film, the beaten and emotionally broken Adam stands alone, surrounded by the remnants of his life before Evelyn. Even Adam's old friends, Philip and Jenny, treat him with scorn and refuse to forgive him for dropping them in favor of Evelyn. Moving to a camcorder, he watches a section of a tape recorded earlier in the film, a moment in which Evelyn had whispered in his ear what she described as the one "true" thing of their relationship. The film ends as Adam watches and continuously rewinds the tape, listening to Evelyn's truth over and over again.
tt0096324
Drama,Romance
After graduating from college, debutante April Delongpre (Sherilyn Fenn) and her fiance, Chad Douglas Fairchild (Martin Hewitt), arrive at her family's home in Alabama. After April is welcomed back by her parents, Senator and Mrs. Delongpre (Don Galloway and Millie Perkins), and her younger sisters, Samantha (Milla Jovovich) and Jody (Nicole Rosselle), she settles in and plans her wedding. While April and Chad take her sisters to a traveling carnival, Perry (Richard Tyson), a ride operator and drifter, flirts with her, but she ignores him. Before leaving, Perry hands April her misplaced wallet. Later, unable to sleep and thinking about Perry, April returns to the carnival and finds him playing fetch with his dog, Tom. Perry flirts with her again, but April rejects his advances. In the morning, April's family leaves for a weekend trip. Alone in the house, she hears the shower in the bathroom and finds Perry. April orders him to leave, but he insists that her visit the night before was an invitation to come over. As he approaches, April gives in and makes love with him. Later, April listens a to a telephone message from Chad, and regrets cheating on him. The next day, April visits her grandmother, Belle, her father's mother. April tells her that she feels unsure about who she is. However, Belle insists Chad is the most appropriate choice for her and her family. After April leaves, Belle telephones her old friend Sheriff Earl Hawkins (Burl Ives), and asks him keep an eye on her granddaughter. Driving to the fairgrounds that evening, April finds Perry drunk with a woman named Patti Jean (Kristy McNicol). Although angry that Perry is with another woman, he persuades her to go with Patti Jean to purchase more alcohol as a "burbon run". While driving at high speed in Perry's truck, Patti Jean tells April that Perry has been constantly talking about her. Upon arrival at a gas station and convenience store, Patti Jean uses the ladies room and openly flirts with April by commenting on her looks and appearance. Meanwhile, a carnival ride malfunctions. Unable to stop it, Perry destroys the power generator for the entire carnival. During the blackout, carnival vendors and workers attack Perry. As Patti Jean and April return, they go to help. When Perry's dog, Tom, bites one his attackers, the animal is killed by a switchblade knife. When the brawl is over, Perry is fired by the dwarf owner Smiley (Herve Villechaize) and ordered to leave the carnival. Picking up Tom's body, he leaves with April and Patti Jean. After burying Tom in a field, they go to a bar to drown their sorrows. While Perry plays billiards with a group of local men, April and Patti Jean continue talking, leading to Patti Jean taking April on the dance floor where they perform a lustful dance together. However, instead of taking advantage of April's curiosity to the same sex, Patti Jean tells her to go back to Perry and continue what romantic tryst they have going. Later, after Patti Jean leaves town, Perry and April take a ride on his motorcycle, check into a motel and make love throughout the night. In the morning, April goes to retrieve her car from the fairground, and finds the carnival gone. As she drives away, Sheriff Earl Hawkins follows her. Returning to the motel, April catches Perry flirting with the two housekeepers, and they get into a screaming match. April forgives Perry, and offers to buy him breakfast. As they eat, April talks about her favorite place, a lake pavilion owned by her grandmother called Two Moon Junction. After April leaves, Sheriff Hawkins approaches Perry and handcuffs him. Driving to the field where Perry buried Tom, Sheriff Hawkins says it is private property and he needs to remove the dead dog. Perry is heartbroken, but Sheriff Hawkins allows him to cremate Tom, then drives Perry to the Alabama-Mississippi border, and orders him not to return. Several weeks later, on the day before her wedding, April is surprised to see Perry setting up tents for the reception in her parents backyard. Belle arrives, and recognizes Perry from Sheriff Hawkins's description. She quietly threatens him to leave town, but Perry refuses. Belle makes a phone call to Sheriff Hawkins to tell him that April's lover is back in town. In the evening, April finds a message from Perry written in lipstick on her bedroom mirror: "Two Moon Junction Midnight." When April arrives, she offers Perry $5,000 to leave town forever and let her continue on with her own life, but he refuses her money. Angry, April tells Perry she is no longer attracted to him. However, Perry leads her to a pavilion and introduces her to his new puppy, Max. April reminisces about the wild times she and her cousins spent at Two Moon Junction, and her attraction to Perry overtakes her. The two of them make love in a climatic scene, which is inter-cut with Chad having his bachelor party complete with a stripper. Afterward, April cries over again cheating on Chad. The following day, Perry prepares to leave. As he starts his truck, a Sheriff's deputy arrives. Aiming his rifle, he fires at Perry, but misses. Perry knocks the deputy unconscious, and leaves town with his puppy. Meanwhile at the church, April hesitates before walking down the aisle. Sheriff Hawkins informs Belle that Perry is gone. Lying to April, Belle says she offered Perry a bribe and he took the money. Although April knows that Perry would not accept money from Belle, she decides to marry Chad for the sake of her family. Sometime later, Perry takes a job as a dishwasher in a new town at a local blues club. Returning to his motel room after his shift to feed his dog, he hears someone in the shower and finds April... reliving their first romantic encounter. Perry joins her in the shower and they begin to make love. With her wedding ring on, April and Perry will continue their secret affair.
tt0978759
Crime,Drama
The film is set in the North Country of Upstate New York, near the Akwesasne ('Where the Partridge Drum') St. Regis Mohawk Reservation and the Canadian border, shortly before Christmas. Ray Eddy (Melissa Leo) is a discount store clerk struggling to raise two sons with her husband, a compulsive gambler who has disappeared with the funds she had earmarked to finance the purchase of a double-wide mobile home. While searching for him, she encounters Lila Littlewolf (Misty Upham), a Mohawk bingo-parlor employee who is driving his car, which she claims she found abandoned with the keys in the ignition at the local bus-station. The two women, who have fallen on hard economic times, form a desperate and uneasy alliance and begin trafficking illegal immigrants from Canada into the United States across the frozen St. Lawrence River for $1200 each per crossing. Ray's older son T.J. wants to find a job and help support the family so they can afford to eat something more substantial than popcorn and Tang. He and his mother clash over whether he should remain in high-school and look after his little brother Ricky or drop out to work. To make matters worse, T.J. sets an outside corner of the trailer afire with a torch in an attempt to unfreeze the water pipe. Lila longs for the day she will be able to reclaim and live with her young son, who was taken from her by her mother-in-law immediately after his birth. Because the women's route takes them from an Indian reservation in the US to an Indian reserve in Canada, they hope to avoid detection by local law-enforcement. However, their problems escalate when they are asked to smuggle a Pakistani couple and Ray, fearful their duffel bag might contain explosives, leaves it behind in sub-freezing temperatures, only to discover it contained their infant baby when they arrive at their destination. She and Lila retrace their route and find the bag and the baby, which Lila insists is dead, but which she revives moments before being reunited with the baby's parents. The experience leaves her shaken, and she announces she no longer wants to participate in the smuggling-operation. But Ray, needing just one more crossing to finance the down payment on her mobile home, coerces her into joining her for one last journey. They pick up two Asian women from a strip club for crossing. When the club owner tries to short them, Ray successfully threatens him with a gun. When she is re-entering her car, the irate club owner retaliates by shooting Ray in the ear. Shaken, her fast and erratic driving catches the attention of the state police. Ray tries to elude capture by crossing the frozen river where one of the wheels of the car breaks through the ice. The four women abandon the vehicle and take refuge at the Indian reservation. Because the police are demanding a scapegoat, the tribal head decides to excommunicate Lila for five years due to her smuggling history which involved the death of her Mohawk husband. Surprised then saddened by the news, Lila gives in to Ray's pleas to go free for the sake of her children. However, running through the woods, Ray has a fit of conscience and returns. She gives her share of money to Lila with instructions for taking care of her sons and seeing through purchase plans for a trailer home. She and the illegal immigrants are surrendered to the police and a trooper speculates she will have to serve four months in jail. She calls her son T.J. to explain what has happened. Lila pushes her way into her monther-in-law's home and reclaims her infant son. She and the baby show up at the Eddy trailer while T.J. is still on the phone with his jailed mother. In a day scene, T.J. completes the welding of a bicycle-propelled carousel bearing his younger brother and Lila's strapped in baby. He pedals the carousel while Lila smiles on. A truck nears carrying the new trailer home.
tt0134154
Drama,Romance,War
A little-known band of Civil War fighters known as Bushwhackers, use guerrilla warfare to destroy Yankee targets.
tt0170691
Drama,War
At Fort Polk, Louisiana, in September of 1971, Private Bozz (Colin Farrell) joins an infantry company after spending time in corrective custody, set for eight weeks of training to be concluded with a final test at Tigerland, a U.S. training ground that serves as the last stop before Vietnam. Bozz has no desire to go to war and acts like it. Even though his weekend leave is withdrawn he still goes to town and ends up going to a hotel room with two girls and fellow soldier Paxton (Matthew Davis). Bozz and Paxton make friends despite their different outlooks; Paxton has enlisted for service and wants to go to Nam for the experience. At the base, while Bozz shows that he is capable of being a good soldier when he wants to, he continues to attract disciplinary penalties as well as the anger of fellow privates, especially one named Wilson (Shea Whigham). The higher ranked personnel are abusive, especially Sergeant Thomas (James MacDonald), who one night knocks young Private Cantwell (Tom Guiry) to pieces. When Bozz learns that Cantwell is married and a father to four children he helps Cantwell get out of military duty. Soon after, Private Miter (Clifton Collins Jr.), made platoon leader, is left a nervous wreck when officers abuse him for not managing to control his group. Though Bozz continues to disobey orders, Sergeant Landers (Afemo Omilami) is determined to turn him into a soldier and makes him new platoon leader. When Miter breaks down and wants to leave base, Bozz helps him get out of the army for mental health reasons. Bozz soon has a reputation for getting soldiers discharged, and his superiors don't like it one bit. On the weekend before Tigerland, Private Wilson starts a fight with Bozz; when Bozz wins the fight, their animosity is sharpened. At shooting practice soon after, Wilson almost shoots Bozz, stopped only by a weapon malfunction, and Captain Saunders (Nick Searcy) removes Wilson from the platoon. Tigerland. Under the supervision of Sergeant Cota (Cole Hauser), who shares his own experiences from Vietnam, the men make their way into the forests. Paxton falls behind, exhausted. When they face another platoon in a war simulation, Wilson turns out to be leading the other platoon. He loses his temper with Bozz and Paxton, and his platoon loses the exercise. At night, Bozz is about to make an escape when Private Johnson (Russell Richardson) convinces him to stay. Next morning they once again engage Wilson's platoon in an exercise. As Bozz leads his mean down a stream, Wilson organizes an ambush and loads his gun with live ammunition. When Bozz comes into sight he shoots; he misses, and Cota disarms him, but Bozz uses a moment of confusion to shoot a blank at Paxton's head so that he can't go to Vietnam. In the final scene, Paxton thanks Bozz and says goodbye as the platoon leave on a bus. Paxton says he will write a book about Bozz, but Bozz has Paxton's notebook and starts tearing it up as the bus drives away. Paxton's narration tells us he never saw Bozz again and can't be sure what happened to him.
tt0080661
Mystery,Thriller
Sensual images of a couple, a man and a woman, making love in the shower. He (Robbie L. McDermott) suddenly attacks her. Cut to a couple making love in bed. It looks like she was the woman who was remembering the shower scene. When he finishes, she doesn't seem to be much satisfied. The radio is on. The woman is named Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson). She tells off her son Peter "Pete" Miller (Keith Gordon) because he doesn't want to go to the museum with her: he prefers to stay home working on an improved computer which can count binary numbers up to 20 digits. It looks like Kate's partner, Mike (Fred Weber) is not Pete's father. Kate leaves home to see her psychiatrist, Doctor Robert Elliott (Michael Caine), who has to perform the duties of receptionist as Mary is on a holiday. Kate complains about the "surprise" visit of her mother from Florida due to her approaching birthday. She also complains about Mike's "specialties". She is fed up with her husband and mother, but she doesn't say anything to the right person. Elliott tells her not to get angry with him but with Mike and tell him that he's bad in bed. She questions Elliott whether he finds her attractive or not. He admits that he finds her attractive but he also says that he's married and doesn't want to put his marriage in danger. Kate says she isn't sure whether putting his own marriage with Mike at risk would be worthwhile. Later, Kate is at the museum. A man sits next to her. She leaves a glove for him. They follow each other around the museum. She loses his sight, so she has an expression which says "obviously, he wasn't serious about me", but when he turns around he's there, staring at him. She seems to panick for a second and then is happy that he's not there. But he appears again, on her back, touching her with her own glove. When she realises she's lost it, she tries to find it, and then she realises he's got it. Music in innuendo while she tries to find him. When she leaves the museum, she sees his hand showing the glove from a yellow cab. She smiles and tells him politely "thank you for retrieving my missing glove", but he pulls her inside. They make love while the taxi driver (Sean O'Rinn) looks at them through the inside mirror. She has a noisy orgasm. They arrive to his destination, his apartment. She stays with him through the afternoon. When she is about to leave, she finds papers stating that he's suffering from a sexually-transmitted disease, and that she will have probably caught it. She leaves. When she is in the lift, she is so nervous that she caresses her hands one against the other. Then, she realises that she's forgotten her wedding ring in the apartment of the man. She has to go to the flat again, but when she gets to the right floor, another blond woman - probably using a wig - with dark sunglasses stabs her with a straight razor. Kate is left for dead, all bloodied. Another couple of people has called the lift: they are discussing the convenience of buying the shares of a particular company. He runs away, but Elizabeth "Liz" Blake (Nancy Allen) stares at him. When she looks inside the lift, Kate is still alive. They try to reach out for each other's hand, while the doors of the lift are slowly closing down. In the last second, Liz stares up and in the reflection of the mirror she sees the blonde-wigged woman who is about to cut her hand as well. She backs up. A cleaning lady (Amalie Collier) appears, and she shouts when she looks at Liz with the razor menacingly held by her hand. Elliott finds an answering machine left for a man (William Finlay) saying that there is a woman trying to het out of his body. He's worried, because the man has also admitted to stealing a straight razor from the cabinet of his office. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) questions Elliott, who gets very defensive but doesn't mention the answering machine message. Meanwhile, Liz is waiting to be questioned as well and Pete is listening to the whole conversation. Marino mentions that the man, Warren Lockman (Ken Baker) was recognised by the taxi driver. Mike picks Pete up. Marino questions Liz about what she was doing in the building. She says she was with a married man. She is a prostitute. Marino suspects of her: nobody saw the blonde woman and her fingerprints are on the weapon. The man, Ted (Norman Evans), is from out of the city, and Marino tells Liz that she is the only interested person in finding Ted. When Liz leaves, Pete is also stuck with a man he doesn't love at all - his true father died during the 'Nam war. He tries to investigate the case as well. In his blue moped, he follows Liz all over the city. He arranges a camera to be hidden inside the box at the back of the bike. While he watches Liz, the mysterious man has phoned Elliott again, threatening her. Liz tries to stay home, but she needs the money to invest in the company which Ted had recommended, so she asks for 500 dollars to meet a client, Cleveland Sam (Brandon Maggart), in the room 331. She leaves a bit distraught. She jumps onto a taxi but realises that somebody is following her. She asks the young taxi driver (Bill Randolph) to lose the follower. The taxi driver wants to meet her for dinner. The taxi driver tries to help Liz: she opens the door of the taxi when the blonde lady is following Liz. Liz runs to the underground, but when she tries to leave another blonde transsexual or travesty scares her off. Liz approaches some black men (Robert Lee Rush, Anthony Boyd Scriven, Robert McDuffie and Frederick Sanders) who are listening to the radio, but one of them, called Sonny, threatens her as the train arrives. Liz tells the police officer (Samm-Art Williams), who ends up thinking she is making it all up, because he can't see any gang threatening to "cut her up", and Liz's claims that a blonde is following her leave the officer even more convinced that she's mad. In the next station, the police officer leaves. When the doors close, the gang appears again, just causing a nuisance to all passengers. Liz runs from them and closes one door behind. At that moment, the blonde woman puts a hand on her mouth and wants to slash her with another straight razor. Fortunately, Pete saves Liz using an anti-rape spray of his invention. Liz invites him over. Pete sleeps at Liz's, and she promises that he won't tell anyone that he's not studying French with at his friend Paul's. Liz tells him that she knows that the blonde woman left the doctor's office, but she can't explain how she knows it. As Marino can't get a register order like that, he suggests her to enter Elliott's office and check the doctor's agenda. Dr. Levy (David Margulies) tells Elliott that one of her patients Bobby / Bobbi (William Finlay) has stopped seeing him because he didn't approve of his sex change. Elliott tells Levy that Bobbi must be the murderer of the lady in the lift, and they also comment on the missing razor. Later, Liz pretends to be a new patient of dr Elliott. She tells him about an erotic dream of her, but also admits that she's a prostitute, although she sometimes makes love to men for pleasure. She gets naked trying to seduce him. During all this time, Pete is watching with some lens. Liz checks the address book of dr Elliott and she thinks that the name she's looking for is Chris Clemens. Pete tries to to tell her that the blonde woman is inside the office - he's seen it - but a blonde woman has attacked him, so when he finally can cry out to Liz the blonde woman is already prepared to slash her with a Straight Razor. At that moment, the blonde woman who is holding Pete down shoots Bobbi. The wig falls off. The blonde woman is a wounded man. It's the doctor Robert Elliott. Some time later, Levy, Marino, Pete and Liz are sitting down. Levy explains that Elliott had a double personality: he was the masculine doctor but he was also a patient who wanted to have a sex change performed, and giving Bobbi as his name, he visited doctor Levy. Levy says that Elliott represent Bobbi, but that when Bobbi decided to go for the sex change surgery, that pushed him to act. Levy said that every time that doctor Elliott felt attracted by a woman her alter-ego killed that woman. The blonde woman who attacked Pete was police officer Betty Luke (Susanna Clemm), who was in charge of following Liz. Marino pushed her to enter dr Elliott's address book because he didn't have any proofs against him. Liz explains to Pete how a sex change operation takes place. He replies, sitting confortably at a restaurant with her, that he may change the subject of his investigation, and use himself as the subject of that sex change, instead of investigating about computers. Meanwhile, back at a madhouse, a nurse (Anneka di Lorenzo) walks in to give Dr Elliott the medicine he must take. He looks defenseless and sleepy, but he jumps and strangles her. All the loose madmen cheer. Pete invites her to sleep at his home, saying that his step-father won't mind. Naked in the shower, Liz feels some danger. Somebody dressed as a nurse approaches, and she knows it. She doesn't have anything to defend herself in the bathroom, except for something in the medicine cabinet. However, suddenly, the razor is at Liz's neck. The same blonde woman cuts Liz's neck. Terrified, Liz wakes up in a bedroom at Pete's. He tries to calm her down. FADE TO BLACK
tt0302297
Comedy
Three highschool teenagers are sex obsessed, without being able to get it. Instead, Matt keeps peeping into the women's gym class dressing room. Fred can't talk to girls but their sight prompts him to constantly masturbate in the school's toilets. Deacon attends sex education, but instead of listening to the older teacher he just stares at the pokey nipples of her large breasts. The guys adhere to Scarface's Tony Montana: "First you get the money! Then you get the power! Then you get the women!" However, Fred gets fired from a video store for supplying them porn to duplicate and sell. Thus they fail Tony Montana by having neither cars, girls, money nor even porn. Matt and Fred go online but can't bypass Fred's online censorship software. After Deacon's class visits the zoo and the teacher videotapes monkeys mating, Deacon convinces his friends to film porn themselves. Fred steals credit card records from one of his father's patients to purchase hosting for After School Special - a site by virgins, for virgins. For credibility, but to still remain anonymous themselves, they post on the Front Page an image of their braces wearing classmate Roger. Masquerading as Hawaiians vacationing in Cleveland, they cast local strippers. Jake, their popular classmate and Deacon's neighbor, sees the strippers dropping them off at Deacon's. He demands the truth and then his casting. Yet Jake can't perform on cue. The main porn actress, Ashley (Sarah-Jane Potts), agrees helping and casually gives him a handjob. Jake has a premature ejaculation on her hand, and gets replaced with Coop, an everlasting grown student. Meanwhile, Deacon takes the courage to talk to the popular Naomi (Amy Smart) during a party. In a following party, Jake, who she recently dumped, tries to humiliate Deacon in front of her. But Deacon says she was too good for Jake and kisses her. They then sleep together. A fire in the shootings sends everyone - including a topless Ashley - out of Deacon's basement right into his family. Deacon says Ashley is his girlfriend. To his surprise, Ashley agrees to stay for dinner. Naomi soon arrives and introduces herself as Deacon's girlfriend. She leaves upon meeting Deacon's "other girlfriend", but Deacon tells her the truth. She asks to add a female perspective. She thinks the purposely nerdish character of Coop should be well dressed and perhaps a foreign exchange student. This causes a rift with Matt and Fred. The fighting causes Ashley to leave. Naomi takes Deacon shopping for more appealing clothes and says he doesn't need "the boys" anymore. Deacon then apologize to his friends. They consider stop filming, but Ashley shows up saying she needs the film in order to have a reel. They can't resist her charms. The site becomes popular and Roger has no idea why his hairdresser thinks he can get her roles. She assumes he just wants something in return. Therefore, she fills her hand with hair mousse and suddenly shoves it down his hair apron to give him a reach-around handjob, which makes him scream in panic. Completing the hard filming, the guys decide to quit porn filming. In a following party, Ashley says the reel she now has got Coop and her a contract proposal. Deacon gently breaks up with Naomi. Roger shows up with his hairdresser. An angry Jake then says he mailed his scene to Deacon's parents. The guys rush out, but two local porn producers kidnap them. To avoid bodily harm, the guys promise to hand over everything. All they want in return is a lifetime supply of porn and retaining the youthful spirit of After School Special. Deacon's parents' mail contains just his report card, which bad grade in Biology they attribute to having two girlfriends. The taping was stolen by his brother, who blackmails Deacon for it. At school, Fred and Matt say they again failed Tony Montana by having neither money, power nor women. Alas, Deacon gets back with his returning old girlfriend Rachael. Two attractive girls hit on Fred and Matt due to their new rumored sexual knowledge. The local porn producer/actor compensates them with convertibles. Jake refuses to stop humiliating Deacon and therefore has his embarrassing scene played over the school's monitors. Deacon's parents watch porn and recognize their portrait and basement.
tt0301976
Drama
The film begins with a flashback narrated by Leland P. Fitzgerald, describing how he couldn't remember the details of the day that he killed an intellectually disabled boy named Ryan Pollard. Leland is arrested. Ryan's parents, Harry and Karen, sisters Becky and Julie, as well as Julie's live-in boyfriend Allen grieve the loss of their loved one. Leland's divorced mother, Marybeth, is desperate to see her son, while his father, famous writer Albert Fitzgerald, discovers his son's fate in a newspaper and returns home to be there for the trial. While in juvenile hall, Leland is schooled by teacher Pearl Madison, an aspiring writer who is searching for a breakthrough story. Like many others at the detention center, Pearl senses there is something different about the emotionally detached Leland, and helps him circumvent the prison rules so he can keep a journal. While his girlfriend is out of town in Los Angeles, Pearl sleeps with a coworker and tells her that he is going to write a book about Leland. Through his discussions with Pearl, Leland reveals his childhood memories such as his grandmother's funeral and traveling long distances to visit his father. One time, he decided to stay in New York rather than continue on to see his father. After he couldn't find a hotel to sleep in, a kindhearted family, the Calderons, decided to take him in for his stay. He continued to visit the family over the years, and was especially captivated by Mrs. Calderon. The two also discuss Leland's history with Becky, Ryan's sister. He had met her innocently at a record store and begun regularly walking home with her and Ryan after school. They had grown to love each other, and Leland recalled a time when Becky asked him to promise her "everything's gonna be okay", despite his objections that he had no control over bad things that could happen. As she explained, sometimes it's just nice to hear things one hopes to be true. Pearl covertly arranges a meeting with Leland's father at his hotel. After he asks for more information on his family's past, Albert realizes Pearl is researching for his book and refuses to let his son be exploited - something he is guilty of himself. He eventually tells the prison supervisor about Pearl's prohibited meetings with Leland, leading him to be reassigned to another section of the prison. Leland discovers through Allen that Becky had had an affair with a drug dealer named Kevin who is due to be released from prison. After he gets out of prison, Becky starts to see Kevin again and decides to break up with Leland. In a rare display of emotion, he argues with her, but ultimately realizes the futility of anything he can do or say to change her mind, saying that neither the tears nor the amount of his love - he says he still dreams about her - can change the fact that she does not love him in return. Pearl says, he should be angry with her since she betrayed him. Leland replies that he is sad, but not angry. Pearl begins to realize the implications of his sexual indiscretion through his discussions with Leland, and admits his own failings. Eventually, his girlfriend discovers his tryst and they have a fight over the phone. Meanwhile, Julie decides to break up with Allen and doesn't want him to go to college. Brokenhearted, he holds up an auto repair shop and allows himself to be arrested in front of Julie. He is sent to the same juvenile hall as Leland, where he steals a knife (from Pearl) and kills Leland in the prison yard as revenge for what he has done to the Pollard family. Pearl flies to LA to reconcile with his girlfriend and reads Leland's final entries in his journal. On one of his return trips to New York, Leland had discovered that Mrs. Calderon had divorced her husband and that the spark for life that she had before was gone; it is implied Leland and Mrs. Calderon had slept together. Afterwards, Leland writes, he begins noticing a sadness in everyone around him, driving him into a deep depression. One day, as he walks Ryan home from school, the boy becomes frustrated with an obstacle on the bike path. Leland helps him off his bike, gives him a hug, and whispers in his ear that "everything is going to be okay".
tt0086423
Drama,Music
Mac Sledge (Robert Duvall), a washed up, alcoholic country singer, awakens at a run-down Texas roadside motel and gas station after a night of heavy drinking. He meets the owner, a young widow named Rosa Lee (Tess Harper), and offers to work in exchange for a room. Rosa Lee, whose husband was killed in the Vietnam War, is raising her young son, Sonny (Allan Hubbard), on her own. She agrees to let Mac stay under the condition that he does not drink while working. The two begin to develop feelings for one another, mostly during quiet evenings sitting alone and sharing bits of their life stories. Mac resolves to give up alcohol and start his life anew. After some time passes, he and Rosa Lee wed. They start attending a Baptist church on a regular basis. One day, a newspaper reporter visits the hotel and asks Mac whether he has stopped recording music and chosen an anonymous life. When Mac refuses to answer, the reporter explains he is writing a story about Mac and has interviewed his ex-wife, Dixie Scott (Betty Buckley), a country music star who is performing nearby. After the story is printed, the neighborhood learns of Mac's past, and members of a local countrywestern band visit him to show their respect. Although he greets them politely, Mac remains reluctant to open up about his past. Later, he secretly attends Dixie's concert. She passionately sings several songs that Mac wrote years earlier, and he leaves in the middle of the performance. Backstage, he talks to Dixie's manager, his old friend Harry (Wilford Brimley). Mac gives him a copy of a new song he has written and asks him to show it to Dixie. Mac tries to talk to Dixie, but she becomes angry upon seeing him and warns him to stay away from their 18-year-old daughter, Sue Anne (Ellen Barkin). Mac returns home to a jealous Rosa Lee and assures her he no longer has feelings for Dixie, who he describes as "poison" to him. Later, Harry visits Mac to tell him, seemingly at Dixie's urging, that the country music business has changed and his new song is no good. Hurt and angry, Mac drives away and nearly crashes the car. He buys a bottle of whiskey but, upon returning home to a worried Rosa Lee and Sonny, he tells them he poured it out. He admits he tried several times to leave Rosa Lee, but found he could not. Some time later, Mac and Sonny are baptized together in Rosa Lee's church. Eventually, Sue Anne visits Mac, their first encounter since she was a baby. Mac asks whether she got any of his letters, and she says her mother kept them from her. Sue Anne also reports that Dixie tried to keep her from visiting Mac and that she plans to elope with her boyfriend despite her mother's objections. Mac admits he used to hit Dixie and that she divorced him after he tried to kill her in a drunken rage. Sue Anne asks whether Mac remembers a song about a dove he sang to her when she was a baby. He claims he does not, but after she leaves he sings to himself the hymn "On the Wings of a Dove." Boys at school bully Sonny about his dead father, and he and Mac grow closer. The members of the local country band ask Mac permission to perform one of his songs, and he agrees. Mac begins performing with them and they make plans to record together. His newfound happiness is interrupted when he learns Sue Anne has been killed in a car accident. Mac attends his daughter's funeral at Dixie's lavish home in Nashville and comforts her when she breaks down. Mac returns to Rosa Lee in despair. He says, "I don't know why I wandered out to this part of Texas drunk, and you took me in and pitied me and helped me to straighten out, marry me. Why? Why did that happen? Is there a reason that happened? And Sonny's Daddy died in the war, my daughter killed in an automobile accident. Why? See, I don't trust happiness. I never did; I never will." Back home, Mac keeps quiet about his emotional pain, although he wonders aloud to Rosa Lee why his once sorry existence has been given meaning and, on the other hand, his daughter died. Throughout his mourning, Mac continues his new life with Rosa Lee and Sonny. In the final scene, Sonny finds a football Mac has left him as a gift. Mac watches the hotel from a field across the road and sings "On the Wings of a Dove" to himself. Sonny thanks him for the football and the two play catch together in the field.
tt0082085
Mystery,Thriller
"Blow Out" opens with the first-person viewpoint of a psycho killer prowling a female dormitory. After spying through the windows at young ladies in various stages of undress and sexual activity, the killer attacks a nude woman taking a shower. She opens her mouth and emits a ridiculous sounding scream that deflates the entire scene. We then realize we've been watching the current film that sound engineer Jack Terry (John Travolta) has been working on. His employer, a producer of low budget horror films, orders him to find a new scream for the crucial moment of this scene. That night, Jack is standing on a bridge recording ambient sounds in a quiet park near a lake when suddenly an approaching car has a tire blow out, causing it to skid off the roadway into the water. Jack immediately dives in to help, not noticing a figure dressed in black emerging from underneath the bridge. The figure escapes while Jack tries to rescue the inhabitants of the car. Underneath the water, he finds the body of the man who was driving the car, now dead. His passenger is a young woman who is still very much alive, and Jack pulls the unconcious woman out of the wreck. Jack takes the girl to a hospital, where he learns the shocking details of what he has witnessed: the driver of the car was the governor, McRyan, who was a presidential hopeful. Detective Mackey questions Jack about the accident, and an advisor of McRyan's, Lawrence Henry, shows up at the hospital, asking Jack to forget he ever saw the girl in the car. McRyan, who was married, was apparently having some sort of illicit affair with her, and the news of her presence in the car would have caused scandal for the dead governor. Jack talks to the girl, whose name is Sally (Nancy Allen). Sally seems confused about what happened, and when the hospital cuts her loose, Jack offers to take her home. Sally instead has him take her to a motel, where Jack watches over her while she sleeps. He listens to the recording he made in the park before the accident; his equipment was running and he caught the entire incident on an audio tape. Jack is positive he hears a gunshot before the tire blows out. Meanwhile, in a dark garage after hours, a man slips into the storage area where the governor's car is being held, and swaps the shot-out tire with another. The next day, Jack wants to talk to Sally about the accident, but Sally is evasive about what she was doing with the governor that night, and she leaves in a hurry. A man emerges in the media claiming to have film footage of the accident; Manny Karp (Dennis Franz) sells his film to a magazine, and Jack buys a copy. The magazine has run a series of frames that Jack cuts apart and assembles into a crude home movie, using his own sound recording as the audio track. He sees the gunshot appear in conjunction with the sound effect, and for him, this is irrefutable proof that the accident was actually an assassination. Jack calls Sally and finds out that she's attempting to leave town; he intercepts her at the bus station and buys her a drink in the lounge in order to stall her. She reveals that Lawrence Henry gave her money to leave town for a few months. He learns that Sally has aspirations of being a makeup artist, although she struggles to support herself with low paying clerk's position. When Sally questions him about his own background, Jack reveals something painful from his past: he once worked with the police department placing a hidden recording device on an undercover informant. The incident ended horribly when the wire overheated and revealed the man as an informant, resulting in his murder. Jack is determined to prove that McRyan's death was an assassination, and he asks Sally to stay in order to help him unravel the mystery. The same man who erased the evidence of McRyan's blow out reappears, stalking a woman who appears to be Sally. He kills the woman, realizing too late that she is not Sally. Confused and upset about the implications of his mistake, he disfigures the woman's body in order to make it look like a sex crime. Through a series of phone calls, it becomes clear that this man, whose name is Burke (John Lithgow), has been hired by McRyan's political rival to stage the entire incident. However, Burke is a psychopath who takes it upon himself to disobey orders and shoot out McRyan's tire, causing the accident that resulted in his death. All he was hired to do was disgrace McRyan by taking incriminating photographs, something ties in to Manny Karp. It seems as if Karp and Sally are in cahoots with one another; together, they work as a team. Sally seduces important men, and Karp arrives to photograph them in compromising positions, at which point Sally disappears and Karp sells his photographs for profit to the highest bidder (either the victim or the victim's enemies). Jack is shocked to discover that Sally was involved in such an operation, as she seems so sweet and naive. Jack visits Mackey to reveal his suspicions about the so-called accident, but Mackey isn't interested, dismissing Jack as a crackpot with a conspiracy theory, but Jack leaves him a copy of his tape of the accident. Burke reveals to his co-conspirators that he intends to tie up all loose ends; he has erased all of Jack's audio tapes, and he intends to murder Sally, hence the reason why he attacked and killed the woman who was unfortunate enough to be her lookalike. Burke's associate disowns him, but Burke continues to act on his own, bugging Jack's phone. Jack discovers that all of his tapes have been erased, and Mackey calls him, furious that the tape he's been given is blank. Any shred of credibility with Jack had with Mackey is now gone. However, Jack is approached by a well-known TV reporter, Donahue (Curt May), who wants to put him on his high profile talk show. Jack and Sally have obtained Manny Karp's original film of the accident, which clearly demonstrates that the tire was shot out, especially when synchronized with Jack's audio recording. Donahue wants Jack to play the film on the air and discuss his experience. Unbeknownst to Jack, Burke has tapped his phone and he eavesdrops on Jack's conversations with Donahue. Burke himself calls Sally, posing as Donahue, and asks her to meet him and show him the film. Sally visits Jack because Burke has disabled his phone, making it appear busy. Jack is immediately suspicious of why Donahue would ask to meet Sally, not to mention how Donahue could have gotten Sally's phone number. Perhaps due to his desire to get Sally involved in Donahue's story, Jack agrees to let her go and meet Donahue, but only if she's wired so he can listen in on their conversation and record it as evidence. Sally agrees to meet Donahue, and Jack wires her with a listening device. Posing as Donahue, Burke has summoned Sally to the 30th Street station, and while he waits for her, he murders another woman in the public restroom, apparently planning on making Sally's murder look like the work of a serial killer. Sally parts with Jack and goes to maker her meeting, but as soon as Jack hears Burke's voice, he realizes it's not Donahue, and rushes to intercept Sally. Burke ushers Sally down into a subway and takes her to another location, with Jack listening in and trying to follow them based on audio clues. Jack loses track of Sally and panics, driving his jeep into the middle of an Independence Day parade. He crashes the jeep, and when he comes to, he can hear Sally is in danger. Burke has taken her to a nearby rooftop and secured the tape from her, immediately destroying it. Confused, Sally realizes too late she is in danger; Burke attacks her as Jack tries to reach them. He finally catches sight of Sally when she breaks away from Burke, leaning over the rooftop and emitting a terrifying scream as they make eye contact at a distance. Jack rushes up to save her, but he is too late; Burke has already killed her. Jack takes Burke by surprise, stabbing him with his own weapon, but he is anguished over the fact that Sally is dead. A denoument finds Jack now utterly despondent and broken over Sally's death, obsessed with the audio recording he made of her in the moments before her murder. In a morbid finish, Jack uses Sally's death scream as the audio in the cheap horror movie he has been working on, both Jack and his producer agree that the scream is perfect.
tt0071877
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The murder Having sorted a matter out in the Middle East, detective Hercule Poirot (Albert Finney) is returning to England aboard the Orient Express. During the journey, Poirot encounters his friend Bianchi (Martin Balsam), a director of the Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits, which owns the line. The train is unusually crowded for the time of year: every first-class berth has been booked. Shortly after the train's departure from Istanbul, a wealthy American businessman, Ratchett (Richard Widmark), tries to secure Poirot's services for $15,000 since he has received many death threats, but Poirot finds the case of little interest and turns it down. That night the train is caught in heavy snows in the Balkans. The next morning Ratchett is found stabbed to death in his cabin. Poirot and Bianchi work together to solve the case. They enlist the help of Dr. Constantine (George Coulouris), a Greek medical doctor who was travelling in another coach with Bianchi as the only other passenger and thus not a suspect. Pierre Michel (Jean-Pierre Cassel), the middle-aged French conductor of the car, also assists the investigation, as well as being a suspect. Poirot soon discovers that Ratchett was not who he claimed to be. The victim's secret past indicates a clear motive for murder, even justification, but who was the killer? Clues Dr. Constantine's examination of the body reveals that Ratchett was stabbed 12 times. Some wounds were slight, but at least three of them could have resulted in death. The stopped watch in the victim's pocket, as well as Poirot's reconstructed timeline of passenger activities the night before, indicate that Ratchett was murdered at about 1:15 a.m. The train had stopped, surrounded by fresh snow, before that time. There are no tracks in the snow and the doors to the other cars were locked, so the murderer is almost certainly still among the passengers in the coach in which Ratchett was killed. Most importantly, Poirot realizes that Ratchett was in fact a gangster called Cassetti. Five years previously, Cassetti and a henchman kidnapped and murdered Daisy Armstrong, the baby daughter of a wealthy British Army Colonel who had settled in America with his American-born wife. The body was found after the ransom had been paid. Overcome with grief, the pregnant Mrs. Armstrong went into labor early and died while giving birth to a stillborn baby. A maidservant named Paulette who was wrongly suspected of complicity in the kidnapping committed suicide. Colonel Armstrong, consumed by these tragedies, later killed himself as well. Cassetti's accomplice was arrested and executed, but Cassetti himself fled the country with the ransom, as he was only revealed to be the leader on the eve of the execution. Having established these facts, Poirot, Dr. Constantine and Bianchi summon the other passengers one by one and proceed to interrogate them. (The fictitious Armstrong case was inspired by the real-life kidnapping of aviator Charles Lindbergh's child.) Suspects The thirteen suspects are: Hector McQueen (Anthony Perkins), a tall, young American man, the victim's secretary and translator; Edward Beddoes (Sir John Gielgud), the victim's British valet; Mary Debenham (Vanessa Redgrave), a young British woman, returning home to England after working as a teacher in Baghdad; Colonel Arbuthnott (Sean Connery), a British officer in the British Indian Army returning to England on leave; Princess Natalia Dragomiroff (Wendy Hiller), an elderly Russian royal; Hildegarde Schmidt (Rachel Roberts), a middle-aged German woman, the Princess' personal maid; Count Rudolf Andrenyi (Michael York), an aristocratic Hungarian diplomat; Countess Elena Andrenyi (Jacqueline Bisset), née Grünwald, his beautiful young wife; Greta Ohlsson (Ingrid Bergman), a middle-aged Swedish missionary returning to Europe on a fund-raising trip for her mission in Africa; Mrs. Harriet Belinda Hubbard (Lauren Bacall), an older, fussy, very talkative American pluri-widowed socialite; Antonio (Gino) Foscarelli (Denis Quilley), an exuberant Italian American car salesman from Chicago; Cyrus B. "Dick" Hardman (Colin Blakely), a Pinkerton's detective masquerading as a talent agent; Pierre-Paul Michel (Jean-Pierre Cassel), the French conductor of the sleeping car. Motive Poirot soon comes to realise that all the suspects were connected to the Armstrong family and had reason to seek revenge for the tragedies that followed the kidnapping. Some openly admit their connections to the Armstrongs, while other ties must be uncovered by Poirot. McQueen was the son of the District Attorney who prosecuted the case and was very fond of Mrs. Armstrong; Miss Debenham was Mrs Armstrong's secretary; Beddoes was Colonel Armstrong's army batman and the family butler; Col. Arbuthnott was an army friend of Col. Armstrong; Princess Dragomiroff was Sonia Armstrong's godmother; Miss Schmidt was the Armstrongs' cook; Miss Ohlsson was Daisy's nursemaid; Foscarelli was the Armstrong's chauffeur; Hardman was, at the time, a policeman who was in love with Paulette; Michel was Paulette's father; Countess Andrenyi was Mrs Armstrong's sister; Mrs Hubbard was Mrs Armstrong's mother; Count Andrenyi was Mrs Armstrong's brother in law. Ratchett was sedated by Beddoes and McQueen. Each of the passengers then stabbed him in turn. Poirot presents this explanation for the murder to the assembled passengers, describing it as the "complex" solution to the crime. Yet he also offers another explanation, a "simple" one. In the course of the inquiry evidence has been found of an intruder on the train, who may have murdered Ratchett and then escaped evidence planted by the suspects. Poirot suggests that Ratchett/Cassetti may have been involved with the Mafia and murdered as the result of a feud. He leaves it to Bianchi, director of the line, to decide which explanation to present to the local police. Bianchi decides that this "simple" solution will be enough for the local police and that Ratchett deserved everything he got. A cover-up is therefore instigated. Poirot is satisfied that justice has been done, though he does admit to a struggle with his conscience.
tt0093605
Action,Crime,Drama
Caleb Colton [Adrian Pasdar] meets Mae [Jenny Wright] outside an ice cream parlor. She needs a lift home, and Caleb is happy to oblige. But Mae is a vampire and, when Caleb asks for a kiss, she nips his neck instead and then runs off. Caleb's truck won't start, so he starts walking home. As the sun comes up, he gets more and more sick. He stumbles through a cornfield and is picked up by an RV with Mae in it. Caleb's father Loy [Tim Thomerson] happens to see Caleb being picked up and thinks he's been kidnapped. What he has been is turned. Caleb spends the day sleeping in the RV with Mae and her vampire "family".-- Jesse Hooker [Lance Hendrikson], Severin [Bill Paxton], and Diamondback [Janette Goldstein]. The next night he tries to catch a bus home but doesn't make it before he feels sick again. He gets off the bus and finds Mae waiting for him. She cuts her own wrist and makes Caleb drink. The next day the police find the torched RV, but Caleb's body isn't in it. Mae's family has switched cars. Mae tries to teach Caleb to kill for blood, but he won't do it, so Mae kills, drinks, and then lets Caleb feed off her. In order to teach Caleb to kill, the family goes on a killing spree in a bar. But Caleb still won't kill. The only solution is to kill Caleb or allow him to leech off Mae, but it's now five minutes till sun-up, and the vampires still don't have a place to sleep. They go to a motel, but they're awakened when the police knock on the door. A Bonnie and Clyde-type shootout ensues. To save the family, Caleb covers himself with a blanket and runs for the truck. The family escapes, thanks to Caleb, and they decide not to off him. The next night, they stay at another motel where it just happens that Loy and Caleb's sister Sara [Marcie Leeds] are also staying. They run into Caleb, but the family wants to kill Loy and Sara. Sara throws open the door, and the rising sun incapacitates the vampires, allowing Caleb, Loy, and Sara to escape. In hopes of helping/curing Caleb, Loy transfuses some of his own blood into Caleb. It works. Some time later, Caleb finds Mae sitting on a swing in his backyard. They kiss, but Mae is startled to find that Caleb has become human again. Caleb goes back into the house but now Sara is missing. He gets on his horse and goes in search. He is confronted by the vampire family. As the sun comes up, Mae, Sara, and Caleb make a run for it. All the other vampires burn in the sun. Caleb transfuses some of his blood into Mae, and she becomes human again. [Full Synopsis added by bj_kuehl.]
tt0074483
Action,Crime,Thriller
In the opening scenes, a beautiful hitchhiker, Miki (Joselyn Jones), entices two Western Gas & Electric servicemen to a remote cabin in Mill Valley, California, where they are both killed by a radical militant named Bobby Maxwell (Deverne Bookwalter). In San Francisco, California, Inspector 'Dirty Harry' Callahan (Clint Eastwood) and his partner, Frank DiGeorgio (John Mitchum), respond to a hostage standoff at a liquor store. Held at gunpoint, Harry agrees to the thieves' demand for a police car, then speeds his vehicle through the store window and shoots and kills the three assailants. Back at the police station, Captain McKay (Bradford Dillman) reprimands Harry for "excessive use of force" and transfers the inspector to the personnel department. Harry grudgingly saunters into an examination board for hopeful inspectors, where a representative from the mayor's office, Mrs. Grey (Jan Stratton), announces that she is monitoring the board to ensure affirmative action. When Harry grills applicant Kate Moore (Tyne Daly) about her inexperience, Mrs. Grey accuses him of intimidation. That night, Bobby Maxwell and his militant organization, which includes Miki the hitchhiker, drive the stolen Western Gas & Electric truck to the Hamilton Firearms Co., planning to rob the arsenal to for the sake of "the people." After killing an elderly security guard, the group loads weapons and U.S. military Light Anti-Tank Weapon (LAW) rockets into the truck, but DiGeorgio and his new police partner arrive to investigate. As Maxwell stabs DiGeorgio in the back, the officer misfires and hits Miki. Although Maxwell's minion, Lalo (Michael Cavanaugh), tries to save Miki, Maxwell shoots her dead. The group steals off with the contraband, running over DiGeorgio's partner in the process. Harry and his colleague Lt. Bressler (Harry Guardino) rush to the hospital, where DiGeorgio reports with his dying words that the attacker was a pimp that he and Harry questioned in an unsolved murder years earlier. Back at the police station, Capt. McKay receives a cassette tape from Maxwell's group, which identifies itself as the 'People's Revolutionary Strike Force' and threatens to blow up buildings around the city unless they are paid $1 million. McKay, who believes the Strike Force is composed of black militants, reinstates Harry to the homicide division to work the case. Harry notes that Miki, who was found dead at the crime scene, was a known prostitute, and argues that the killer is a pimp, as DiGeorgio reported. Harry is chagrined to discover that his new partner is Kate Moore, the young woman he interrogated at the inspector interview. When Harry and Kate attend a LAW rocket demonstration, Harry pulls the naive Kate away from the launcher's backfire, saving her life. The inspectors then visit the coroner's office to learn that DiGeorgio's murderer used killing techniques indicative of Special Forces servicemen in the Vietnam War. As Kate grows squeamish and runs outside, a bomb detonates in the building's bathroom, prompting Harry and Kate to chase a Strike Force operative named Henry Lee Caldwell (Tim Burris), whom Harry vaguely recognized on his way inside. During the pursuit, Caldwell drops his briefcase in a dumpster, but Kate retrieves it as Harry follows the militant across apartment rooftops. Caldwell falls through a skylight, lands on the set of a pornographic film and gets away until Harry detains him at a church. Sometime later, Harry delivers the dynamite that was stashed in Caldwell's briefcase to Lt. Bressler, who reports that the "suspect" is a member of the black militant group Uhuru, lead by Big Ed Mustapha (Alpert Popwell). Harry and Kate visit Mustapha's headquarters, where Kate fends off aggressive men while Harry learns that Caldwell left Uhuru to "go white," joining the criminal organization of a fellow Vietnam veteran. Noticing that Mustapha's office is filled with stolen artifacts, Harry threatens to bust the radical leader for robbery unless he provides information about Caldwell's organization. Mustapha negotiates for the prison release of an Uhuru member, then reviews Harry's list of names which includes all of the pimps that he and DiGeorgio once interviewed; Mustapha identifies Bobby Maxwell as Caldwell's new leader. After Harry and Kate leave, Capt. McKay, Lt. Bressler and a SWAT team surround Mustapha's building and load Uhuru members into a paddy wagon. Later, McKay strategies with the mayor to credit Harry and Kate to for the Uhuru arrests, noting that the commendation of a female inspector will impress the electorate. When Harry realizes that Uhuru is being blamed for Hamilton Firearms Co. theft, as well as the ensuing threat of violence and the blackmail, which has now been increased to $2 million, he refuses to participate in the publicity stunt. As Harry states his case to the mayor (John Crawford), McKay suspends him and Kate runs after her partner, offering support. Harry lets down his guard, reporting that Maxwell, their primary suspect, will be impossible to find without Mustapha, and Kate suggests they post Mustapha's bail. Sometime later, Maxwell's Strike Force kidnaps the mayor after a San Francisco Giants baseball game by ambushing his limousine and raising the China Basin Bridge so he cannot escape. That evening, Maxwell's girl friend and second in command, Wanda (Samantha Doane), telephones a local radio station to announce the Strike Force's demands, leaving a cassette tape in the phone booth. After listening to the tape, which sets a $5 million ransom for the mayor, Capt. McKay and Lt. Bressler find Harry in a pool hall and demand cooperation, but Harry refuses their plan to negotiate with the terrorists. Harry later meets with Mustapha, who identifies the Strike Force and leads him to Wanda, who works as a masseuse. At the massage parlor, which fronts as a brothel, Harry learns that Wanda has left her job to become involved with a church, lead by Father John (M.G. Kelly). Kate later briefs Harry about the militant, radical priest, who gave rehabilitation seminars at San Quentin State Prison while Maxwell was an inmate. At John's church, Harry bullies the priest for information as Wanda, dressed as a nun, aims her gun from behind; however, Kate appears in the pews and shoots Wanda dead, saving her partner's life. Distressed by the violence, Father John tells the detectives that the mayor is being held hostage at Alcatraz. The inspectors take a boat to the abandoned prison island and a gunfight ensues. After finding the mayor and shooting his captor, Kate shields the politician from Maxwell and his henchmen. As she reunites with Harry, she warns her partner that Maxwell is aiming from behind and is caught in the crossfire, herself. As Kate dies, she urges Harry to carry on without her. Although Maxwell resumes control of the mayor and leads him up an observation tower, Harry pursues them from a distance with a LAW rocket. As Maxwell leaves the mayor on a lower floor to look for Harry from the top, Harry launches the rocket and kills Maxwell. Disinterested in the pompus mayor's promise of commendation, Harry stands over Kate's body as Capt. McKay arrives by helicopter. Unaware that the standoff has ended, McKay announces to Maxwell that he is delivering the Strike Force's $5 million ransom.
tt0084855
Drama
Frank Galvin (Newman) is a down-on-his luck lawyer, reduced to drinking and ambulance chasing. Former associate Mickey Morrissey (Jack Warden) reminds him of his obligations in a medical malpractice suit that he himself served to Galvin on a silver platter: all parties willing to settle out of court. Blundering his way through the preliminaries, listening to his own enthusiastic expert witness, and visiting the paralyzed woman, Deborah Ann Kaye (Susan Benenson) in a vegetative state in the aftercare home, Frank suddenly realizes that perhaps the case should go to court: to punish the guilty, to get a decent settlement for his clients, and to restore his standing as a lawyer. To the astonishment of Mickey, Frank refuses a $210,000 settlement offer from the Arch Dioceses, and the hospital to settle the case. In his enthusiasm over his expert witness and his new found sense of purpose, Frank enters the bar where he usually hangs out and offers to buy everyone a drink. He notices a young woman, sitting at the end of the bar where he usually hangs out but she turns down his offer. The next night, after preparing for the case with Mickey, they see her at the bar again, and Frank decides that he is going to get laid. Laura Fischer (Charlotte Rampling) does agree to have dinner with him and ends up at Frank's apartment for the night. Later while Frank is trying to line up his witnesses, Mickey gives Laura Frank's background, almost being disbarred when he was going to report the jury tampering that the senior partner of his law firm was doing. The senior partners turned the tables, and Frank ended up getting arrested for jury tampering, then released when he agreed to not persist. But Frank lost his partnership as well as his wife who was the daughter of the other senior partner. Judge Hoyle (Milo O'Shea) calls Frank Galvin and the lead defense attorney, Ed Concannon (James Mason), into his chambers to get a settlement, but Frank refuses, so they set the trial for the next week. Upon learning of the settlement, Sally Doneghy (Roxanne Hart) the sister of Deborah Ann and Sally's husband, Kevin Doneghy (James Handy), who wants to get this over with so they can move to Phoenix and have $50,000 left for the lifetime care of Deborah Ann in Massachusetts confront Frank. But he tells them that the offer had been withdrawn in the Judge's chambers. When he tries to contact his own expert witness, Frank finds that Dr. Gruber (Lewis Stadlen) has left town for a several week vacation in the Caribbean, and cannot be reached. Frank first tries to get a postponement, then tries to get the settlement that had been withdrawn by Concannon, but both efforts fail. In a hurry, Mickey and Frank contact Dr. Thompson, as a substitute expert witness. But when Frank picks him up at South Station, he sees that Thompson is in his 70's and black. He puts him in a cab for Frank's own apartment, so the defense cannot get to him. Then Frank tracks down Maureen Rooney (Julie Bovasso) the only operating room nurse who is not testifying for the defense, who shuts the door in his face. When Mickey's mock cross examination of Dr. Thompson is going badly, Frank is ready to give up, but Laura Fischer who has been in those sessions at Frank's apartment convinces him to keep fighting. It gradually becomes clear to the viewer, but not to Frank that the defense firm knows Frank's every move, with someone tailing him to Maureen's house and the team doing background research on Thompson, even getting a black attorney to sit with the defense team. When the trial starts, Frank has a rough opening and the testimony of Dr. Thompson is shredded by Concannon, with the help of Judge Hoyle. Later, Frank realizes that Maureen Rooney is protecting someone, and also realizes that the admitting room nurse is not a witness for the defendants. Frank tracks Maureen to her church, and through a ruse gets her to tell him where Kaitlin Costello (Lindsay Crouse) is after telling her that he had talked with Kaitlin earlier that day. Meanwhile, Laura is given an envelope with a check by Ed Concannon, for her help in spying on the plaintiff team. Then, with Laura in the room, Mickey and Frank spend all of Friday night trying to track down a Kaitlin Costello somewhere in New York. On Saturday morning Frank notices his phone bill in the mail in the office. He goes again to Maureen Rooney's house and finds her phone bill in her mailbox. Then he tracks the phone calls to New York, and calls the number. Pretending to be from a nursing magazine, he learns that Kaitlin Costello has married, and now is Kaitlin Costello Price. He also learns where she is working on the weekend, and he catches an Eastern Shuttle to New York. After booking the Shuttle, he calls Mickey and Laura to let them know that he has found Kaitlin. Laura answers and insists that she meet Frank in New York. But while she is on the phone with Frank, Mickey looks in her bag for cigarettes, and finds the Check from Ed Concannon instead. Mickey quietly puts it away and laves to get a pack of cigarettes. Finding Kaitlin with kids in a playground, Frank tries to establish a false identity and makes small talk, but Kaitlin notices the Eastern airline boarding ticket in his coat, and Frank asks her for her help. Mickey finds Frank in New York outside of his hotel, just before Frank hooks up with Laura in the Sheraton Bar. Upon meeting Frank slaps Laura hard enough to draw blood and knock her down. When she tells everyone to let him go, Frank leaves without another word. At the trial on Monday, Frank finishes his examination of Dr. Robert Towler (Wesley Addy) the anesthesiologist who gave the general anesthesia to Deborah Ann Kaye that caused her to vomit into her mask. Towler states that anyone who would have given general anesthesia to someone who had eaten a full meal only an hour earlier was criminally negligent, but he pointed out that the admitting record had stated that Deborah Ann had last eaten nine hours before the operation. Then Frank calls his new witness, Kaitlin Costello Price, who testifies that she had admitted Deborah Ann Kaye and noted that she had eaten only one hour before the operation on the admitting record. Under heavy cross examination by Ed Concannon, she testifies that she has a photocopy of the record that proves that she had put one hour on the form, but that it had been altered by Dr. Towler who claimed that he had been too busy that day to read the record before he went into the operating room. Concannon is able to cite a precedent to Judge Hoyle to have the photocopy suppressed, and then after the testimony is complete, he asks Judge Hoyle to instruct the jury to disregard all of Kaitlin's testimony. However, after a subdued summation by Frank, the jury brings in a verdict of guilty, and asks if they can increase the amount awarded to the plaintiffs. On the way out of the courtroom, Frank and Mickey are being congratulated, and see Laura standing across the vestibule. When they turn back after turning away, she is gone. Later Laura calls Frank's office, and lets the phone ring for a long while. He is still looking at the receiver while it rings as the film closes.
tt0086320
Horror
Over the opening credits, we see a closed-down summer camp in the fall that is called Camp Arawak. The film opens in the summer of 1975, with a family consisting of divorcée John Baker (Dan Tursi) and his two children, Angela and Peter, out on a lake near a summer camp in upstate New York. After their small boat accidentally flips, John and the children begin to head ashore, where John's lover Lenny (James Paradise) is calling to him. As the family swims, a pair of teenagers named Marianne and Craig are pulling a water skier named Dolores in a motorboat. Craig and Marianne switch places to that the girl can drive the boat, but they fail to notice the family in the water in time and hits them, which kills both John and Peter. The survivor, Angela, is sent to live with her eccentric aunt, Dr. Martha Thomas (Desiree Gould), and Martha's son Richard "Ricky" Thomas. Eight years after John and Peter's deaths, Angela, now age 14 (Felissa Rose), and Ricky, now age 15 (Jonathan Tiersten), are sent to Camp Arawak by Martha, who reminds them not to tell anyone how they got the signatures for their physical exams. The buses arrive at the camp, and Artie (Owen Hughes), the creepy head cook, admires the children with no reservations in front of his coworkers calling them "baldies". Ricky introduces Angela to his best friend Paul (Christopher Collet), and he shows Angela around the camp since he was there last summer. Angela goes not respond when Paul talks to her and backs away after he finishes the tour. Ricky tries to talk to Judy (Karen Fields), his former girlfriend from last summer at the camp, but she hardly acknowledges him. Because of her introverted nature and her shyness, Angela is ridiculed and bullied--her main tormentors being Judy and camp counselor Meg (Katherine Kamhi). During lunchtime, Angela, having not eaten for some time, is taken into the kitchen by the sympathetic head counselor Ronnie (Paul DeAngelo) to see if there is anything in there she would like to eat. Left alone with the greasy head cook Artie, Angela is taken into a back room by Artie, who intends to molest Angela. Before any harm can come to Angela, Artie is found in the midst of unfastening his pants by Ricky, who flees from the kitchen with Angela after Artie threatens him. After the incident in the pantry, Artie is seriously injured when he is knocked off a chair by an unseen figure while tending to a large pot of boiling water that spills on most of his body. Artie's injuries are deemed accidental by camp owner Mel Costic (Mike Kellin), who pays off the rest of his kitchen staff, including the assistant cook Ben (Robert Earl Jones), to keep the event quiet and tells the replacement cooks to tell the campers that Artie left for another job. The next day, Ricky, Paul, and the rest of the boys in their cabin, including geek Mozart (Willy Kuskin), are playing baseball with Kenny (John Dunn), Mike (Tom Van Dell), Billy (Loris Sallahian), and the rest of the boys from another cabin. After Ricky wins the game to the older guys, Kenny talks with Mike about how to get back at Ricky. Later that night in the recreation cabin during a dance, Angela is accosted by Kenny and Mike, who begin mocking her for not speaking, which prompts Ricky and his friend Paul to get into a fight with the boys in which several others join in, which fulfills their plan of getting back at Ricky. After the brawl is broken up by counselor Gene (Frank Trent Saladino), Ricky and the rest of the boys involved in the fight leave while Paul stays behind and succeeds in befriending Angela by telling her about misadventures he and Ricky would get into when they were younger. The shy Angela still does not talk, but when Paul begins to leave, she speaks for the first time and tells him "good night". Later that night, Kenny is rowing a boat with his girlfriend Leslie (Lisa Buckler), and he rocks and overturns the boat. Leslie angrily swims away as Kenny, underneath the overturned boat, is attacked and pushed underwater by an unseen person. In the morning, Kenny's dead and decomposing body is found, and his death is also ruled accidental by Mel, despite suspicion from Ronnie and the police, especially a cop named Frank (Allen Breton). Later that day, Angela walks up to Paul and begins to talk to him as he watches the girls play volleyball, much to Judy's irritation. Meg tells Angela that she either must participate or do nothing, which includes talking with boys. That evening, Paul and Angela go to the rec room to watch a movie, and they later leave when the movie is over, hand in hand as Angela slowly starts to become more friendly with him. When they are alone, Paul attempts to kiss Angela, but she gets uptight and walks back to her cabin. The next day at the lake, Paul sits beside Angela, who tells him that she cannot go in the water. Paul gets up and leaves when Meg arrives. Meg then asks Angela if she is going to swim, but Angela stops talking. Meg angrily shakes the silent girl until Ronnie pulls her away and tells her to leave Angela alone. In the girls cabin, Judy approaches Angela and is angry, thinking that she got Meg into trouble. Then Judy begins mocking Angela again and asks her why she will not shower or go swimming, or change clothes with the other girls. Angela continues to be silent, (but it is clear at this point onward that she is hiding something). Later that day, Angela is hit in the face with a water balloon by Billy and his friends, who are on a cabin rooftop throwing water balloons at passersby. Mel reprimands the boys on the roof and then grounds Billy for the rest of the summer. Ricky comes to the aid of Angela and tells her, "I'll kill him!" A little later, while his friends go off to play basketball, Billy stays behind in the cabin and goes into the restroom to take a "wicked dump". An unseen person locks him in the toilet stall. The unseen person then cuts the screen behind Billy and shakes a hive full of live bees into the room. Billy eventually breaks out of the stall but is stung to death, with bees covering his face. When Mel learns about Billy's death, he becomes more unsettled because he thinks that the camp will be shut down. Mel also grows suspicious of Ricky, whom he believes is killing those who bully Angela. The relationship between Angela and Paul grows strained when, that evening, Paul attempts to make out with Angela on the beach, which causes Angela to have a flashback to her youth when she and her brother Peter witnessed their father in bed with Lenny. Angela rejects Paul, who tries to have sex with her, and runs away. The next day, Paul, being confused and angered by Angela's rejection of his advances, is easily seduced by Judy, who lures him away from a game of capture the flag, a game assembled by counselor Jeff (Rick Edrich). In the woods, Angela and Ricky talk about Paul and his intentions where Ricky expresses to Angela that he does not trust him, but Angela reminds Ricky that Paul is just a friend. They both happen by Paul and Judy kissing which prompts Angela to run off. A little later, feeling guilty about what happened between him and Judy, Paul attempts to explain himself to Angela while on the beach at the lake but this time, she does not want to talk to him. Later that day, as Paul tries again to talk to Angela, he is shooed away by Judy and Meg, who pick up Angela and throw her into the water. After being taken out of the lake by lifeguard Hal (Mike Mahon) and having sand flung at her by several small children, a clearly disturbed Angela is comforted by Ricky, who swears vengeance on her aggressors. That evening, Meg, while preparing for a date with Mel, is murdered with a knife while taking a shower, having her back sliced open. Meg's disappearance goes largely unnoticed and camp activities go on as usual with a social being held. While there, Angela is approached by Paul, who again tries to apologize over the incident with Judy. Angela, for some strange reason, tells Paul to meet her later that night at the waterfront after the social. Next, six young children, the ones who threw sand at Angela, are taken camping with counselor Eddie (Fred Greene), and when two of them ask to go back because they feel sick, Eddie takes the two back to his car and drives back to the camp. But when Eddie comes back, he finds the other four children in their sleeping bags, hacked to bits with Eddie's ax, which was used to cut wood, lying on the ground, dripping with blood. Meanwhile, Mike and Judy are kissing, and Mike hides when Mel stops to ask where Meg is. After Mel leaves, Mike decides that he'd better leave. Mel finds Meg's dead body in the shower stall and thinks that Ricky killed her to get back at him. Judy, who had decided to skip the social to be with Mike, goes back to the girls' cabin, and he is killed when the unseen killer enters, and pushes her out. The murderer shoves a pillow on her face and forces a curling iron somewhere unknown (possibly her vagina). After the social, the camp is thrown into a panic when Eddie arrives and tells the counselors about the deaths of the four children. Ricky, who missed the social because he felt sick, overhears this news before being attacked by Mel, and he accuses him of killing Meg and all the others. After beating Ricky seemingly to death, Mel stumbles into the camp archery range, where he is shot in the throat with an arrow by the real killer. Ronnie calls the police and then tells Marie (Dee Dee Friedman) to gather the other counselors to round up the surviving campers to put them into one cabin until they can root out the killer. As the counselors and the police scour the camp, Angela meets Paul on the beach, where she tells him to undress, which Paul enthusiastically agrees to do. Ronnie and Marie find the dead Meg and Mel, while Frank the cop and Gene find Ricky, who is still alive. Gene carries the badly beaten Ricky away to a waiting ambulance as Frank radios for backup. Ronnie and Susie (Susan Glaze) find Angela nude on the beach, softly singing to herself and clutching a large knife and Paul's severed head in her hands. Angela is revealed to be both the killer and a boy--the thought-to-be-dead Peter. Through flashbacks, it is shown that after Martha gained custody of him, she decided to raise Peter as a girl, already having a son and coming to the conclusion that another boy simply would not do. It's also implied that Peter/Angela was mentally affected in a very negative way by seeing his/her father sharing a homosexual embrace with another man. The film suddenly ends with the nude and blood-covered Angela, male genitalia in full view, standing before Susie and Ronnie, letting out an animalistic hissing sound.
tt0139362
Drama,Romance
Sydney (or simply 'Syd') (Radha Mitchell) is a 24-year-old woman living in New York City who has her whole life mapped out in front of her. Living with longtime boyfriend James (Gabriel Mann), and working her way up at a respected high-art photography magazine called 'Frame', Syd has desires and frustrations that seem typical and manageable. But when a crack in her bathroom ceiling springs a leak and Syd finds herself knocking on the door of her upstairs neighbor to complain about the leak, a chance meeting suddenly takes her on a new path. Opening the door to an uncharted world for Syd is Lucy Berliner (Ally Sheedy), a renowned photographer, enchanting, elusive, and curiously retired. Now age 40, Lucy lives with her once glamorous former model, heroin-addicted German girlfriend Greta (Patricia Clarkson), and plays host to a collection of hard-living party kids. Before Syd's caught her breath, she's caught Lucy's fascination and is drawn into the center of Lucy's strangely alluring life upstairs. Syd mentions Lucy to her bosses (without realizing that she is famous) but they remain uninterested until they realize exactly who Lucy is. Syd then sets up a meeting with Lucy and her employers at a local diner where Lucy frequents. Lucy agrees to work for the magazine as long as Syd is her editor. Soon a working relationship develops between the two and a project is underway which promises a second chance for Lucy's career. But as Syd and Lucy's collaboration draws them closer together, their working relationship turns sexual and the lines between love and professionalism suddenly blur. As Syd slowly discovers the darker truths of Lucy's life on the edge, she is forced to confront her own hunger for recognition and the uncertain rewards of public esteem. In a minor subplot, Lucy makes occasional visits to her estranged Jewish mother Vera (Tammy Grimes), whom is nearly as troubled and self-destructive as her daughter Lucy. Whereas Lucy takes recreational drugs such as cocaine and marijuana, Vera drinks and chain-smokes despite her own failing health. Lucy is open and honest about her sexual orientation to her mother who makes little effort to hide her conempt that her only daughter and child is a lesbian, but seem to half-heartedly accept it anyway. Soon, James becomes more jealous about the amount of time that Syd is spending with Lucy, while Greta also feels the same with Lucy over her meeting with Syd. When Greta passes out and nearly dies from a drug overdose at one of Lucy's parties, she is revived by Syd of all people. Lucy tells Greta to get clean and quit drugs, but Greta refuses unless Lucy ends her business relationship with Syd. Lucy refuses, and Greta moves out to want some space. Lucy then asks Syd to come away with her on a weekend getaway to get inspiration at her parents country house. When James finds out, he makes Syd choose between him or Lucy. He tells Syd that if she goes away from the weekend with Lucy, their romance will be over. Syd goes anyway. During a road trip to the countryside and to the country house, Lucy and Syd talk about their own respective lives. Lucy then begins taking photos of Syd sitting in the car in casual poses. That evening at the country house, Lucy and Syd finally consumate their growing attraction to one another and they both sleep together. In the morning, Lucy takes more photos of a semi-nude Syd in bed and even takes a posted one of herself laying next to Syd in the bed. Upon arriving back in New York the next day, Syd discovers that James has moved out, and Lucy finds likewise with Greta. Afterwords, Lucy gives the photos that she took of the various parties, as well as the photos that she took of Syd and asks to use them for Frame's latest cover. Syd shows the photos to her employers whom are not satisifed with them. Desprate, Syd then shows the photos of her that Lucy took of their weekend together as an alternate to the cover. She is then forced to admit that she and Lucy are now lovers. One evening, Greta returns to Lucy's apartment wanting to get back together with her, but Lucy is hesitent to do so, aware of Greta's contining drug addiction. Greta then convinces Lucy to have one last drug binge together for old times sake. The next morning, as Syd is on her way to work, she finds one of Lucy's friends, Arnie (Bill Sage), sitting in his car outside the apartment building. He tells her that Lucy died apparently from a drug overdose. Syd is filled with conflicting emotions over how to react to it, but Arnie tells Syd that her response no longer matters. In the final scene, Syd arrives at 'Frame' and discovers that they have indeed used Lucy's photos taken of her in their latest magazine piece. As everyone in the office congragulates her for a job well done, the shaken Syd cannot handle this latest turn of events and leaves the office to take the rest of the day off.
tt0072951
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
We meet Tia and Tony as they are arriving at another orphanage. They do not remember who their families were or where they came from but know they have special telekinetic powers which make getting along with the rest of the kids difficult. During a movie trip, Tia gets a strong feeling about a man getting into a car across the street. She runs over to him and tells him that he should not get into the car. The man listens and decides to walk and get picked later by the chauffeur-driven car. Just then an out-of-control pick-up truck crashes into the door where the man would have been seated. This man, Lucas Deranian, (played by Donald Pleasence) happens to work for an eccentric rich man looking for clairvoyant kids that he can use to expand his fortune. Fake papers are drawn showing Mr. Deranian as the children's long lost uncle. The children arrive at the mansion of Aristotle Bolt (played by Ray Milland) to find everything they had ever wanted. Horseback riding, beautiful rooms, ice cream abound. They do not know there are cameras in their rooms watching them play using their special powers. Mr. Bolt tells them over dinner that they can name what they want to have and he will get it for them if they will teach him how they perform their magic. No deal. Tony and Tia want out because they overhear how they will be isolated on an island if they do not cooperate. They escape the mansion and meet up with an elderly man played by Eddie Albert. He agrees to help them find a place on a map that they have discovered on Tia's star case (pocket book). There are many close calls along the way as townspeople believe the children to be witches and from witch mountain. The three finally make it to the place on the map and are summoned toward a lake alongside the mountains. With Mr. Bolt in a helicopter, Mr. Duranian following in a car, and the townspeople coming up the rear, the final chase is on. This time Tony and Tia are met by their uncle and a flying saucer. Jason (Eddie Albert) is thanked for showing so much compassion getting the children back home. He is charged with finding others that survived from the spacecraft crash the night Tia and Tony were lost. Tia and Tony fly away with their uncle in the saucer. Jason is sad at parting but happy that they found their home. Mr. Winky, the children's cat, is left to keep him company.
tt1726592
Drama,Horror,Mystery
A woman who has lost memory begins to feel doubts about her husband's sincerity and honesty.She is aided by a therapist.The therapist asks her to record her memories on a videocamera.She feels some doubt about the reliability of the therapist.
tt0080520
Comedy,Crime,Sci-Fi
As the movie opens, Cheech & Chong are siphoning gas from a tow truck to fill the tank of their "borrowed" car. As they drive away, Chong rolls and lights up a joint, igniting the gas fumes and causing an explosion in the car. Cheech is dropped off at a movie studio to ask a girlfriend for clean clothes, claiming his state was caused by rescuing a baby from a fire. Meanwhile, Chong returns the car to their prudish neighbor, resulting in a confrontation as the neighbor rants. Chong returns his sentiments by shooting exhaust fumes out of the house window, killing the neighbor's rose bushes. After smoking up, Chong plugs in his guitar and starts wailing away loudly, annoying the entire neighborhood. Cheech arrives, barely managing to pull the power on the amplifier. Cheech drives Chong to pick up a urine sample for his probation officer (last time, he used an unwashed mayonnaise jar; this time, his sister's urine, and she's pregnant!). While driving down the street, Cheech swerves the van causing the urine to splash all over Chong. Chong pulls out a large bag of what appears to be cocaine, refusing to share until Cheech asks to just "smell" it. Chong shoves the bag in Cheech's face, revealing it to be a bag of his laundry soap. Cheech grabs and drinks from the urine sample, spits it out, and Chong hands the urine to him again! The next morning, Cheech awakens to find the van has been stolen. The phone rings, Chong answers and hands it to Cheech, only to find that Cheech has been fired and that his employer has retrieved the van. The day continues as the guys go to the welfare office causing a ruckus as Cheech attempts to fornicate with one of the office workers on her office floor. Later, Cheech invites the worker over the house, practically pushing Chong out the front door. Upon finding that Cheech's cousin (Red) is in town, Cheech sends Chong to meet with Red. Chong finds Red arguing in a hotel lobby with Pee Wee Herman over an unpaid bill only to discover that Red is trying to get back his large duffel bag, stuffed full with marijuana buds. The two break into another room through a window, make their way to Red's room, and successfully grab Red's luggage. Meanwhile, Pee Wee has called the police and while leaving, Red records the police sirens and bullhorn comments on his boombox. The two end up at a brothel and, as they're leaving, Red plays the police sounds on his boombox, emptying the brothel completely, including a tied-up girl. She takes them to the home of her "trick" and before long, all of them, save Cheech, end up in a comedy club. Meanwhile, Cheech has fallen asleep waiting for Donna, the office worker, dreaming vividly of her. Back at the comedy club, Pee Wee Herman shows up and a riot ensues. As Red & Chong leave, Chong complains that they left the herb behind. Red takes Chong to one of his marijuana fields to get more with the police in hot pursuit. The police set off the booby-traps as Red and Chong are abducted by aliens. Back at the house, Donna shows up while Cheech is dreaming that the neighbor has interrupted his fun. He shouts out in his sleep "Get out! Get the f*** out, you f*** a**hole!" Donna, thinking he's yelling through the door at her, leaves angrily. Cheech falls back asleep, continuing to dream. Chong appears in the dream as a warlord and, upon awakening, realizes that Chong is now home, wearing a horned helmet, and holding a vial of "space coke." Cheech samples the coke and goes into a rage, tearing a hole in the side of the house and doing the same to the neighbor's house. The movie ends with Cheech & Chong flying high into the air to the great doobie in the sky.
tt0076141
Comedy,Mystery,Thriller
The story begins at the Los Angeles airport were Dr. Richard H Thorndyke (Mel Brooks) is introduced. Throughout the airport he encounters some strange characters, first a screaming woman running toward him with an umbrella, who turns out to just be excited to see her husband, and a gay man posed as a police officer (Fredric Franklyn), who tries to come on to him in the mens bathroom. Thorndyke then meets Brophy (Ron Carey), his driver and sidekick, who likes taking photographs of everything. They soon depart for PsychoNeurotic Institute for the Very, Very Nervous, where Thorndyke is to be appointed the new director position. The old director, Dr. Ashley, died of a sudden heart attack, however Brophy thinks he was a victim of foul play. Arriving at the institute, Thorndyke is greeted by the staff, Dr. Philip Wentworth (Dick van Patten), Dr. Charles Montague (Harvey Korman), Nurse Diesel (Cloris Leachman), and Professor Lilloman (Howard Morris), his old professor and mentor. The latter of which begins to treat Thorndyke for his high anxiety caused by his fear of heights. As the staff is having dinner, Thorndyke inquires about the changes that Dr. Ashley wanted. As Dr. Wentworth begins to answer he is interrupted by Nurse Diesel, which causes the others to become uncomfortable. After dinner the Thorndyke learns that the patients rarely recover. Later that night while Thorndyke is preparing himself for bed, he is startled when a large rock is thrown through his window with a note attached welcoming him to the Violent Ward. Soon after loud noises are heard from Nurse Diesels room, she claims it was the TV. We discover that she and Dr. Montague have a BDSM relationship and the screaming heard was from Dr. Montague. The next day Thorndyke is going over some of the patient files. One patient in particular, Zachary Cartwright III (Ron Clark) whose family is paying $12,000 a month for his recovery, files shows that he gets well then suffers again from another psychotic break. Thorndyke wants to examine Cartwright and while he is not looking Montague secretly hits and scares Zachery, causing him to have a psychotic break again. After Zachary is escorted away, Thorndyke is annoyed by light coming from the building opposite his office. He is told its Author Brisbane (Charlie Callas), a multi-millionaire industrialist, and has it arranged for him to meet Author after lunch. During a hypnotic session with Dr. Lilloman, Thorndyke has another case of high anxiety. Lilloman suggest Thorndyle to fight out the emotions, in his hypnotic state, Thorndyke gets up and starts boxing across the room striking Lilloman and the two begin to fight. Montague enters and begins refereeing the two before breaking up the fight. Lilloman reveals to Montague that Thorndyke has high anxiety, he leaves the office and begins telling everyone about Thorndykes anxiety. Thorndyke is then introduced to Brisbane, who believes he is a dog. Dr. Wentworth (Dick van Patten) and Nurse Diesel are talking, and Wentworth wants to stop mistreating the patients so Diesel gives him permission to leave. While driving Wentworth turns on his radio, which begins plays a song very loud, after several attempts he is unable to turn off the radio or escape his car due to all the handles break off. After failing to escape his car Wentworth dies from a cerebral hemorrhage from busted eardrums. Thorndyke is scheduled to attend a psychiatric conference in San Francisco, although hesitant due to the death of Dr Wentworth, he is convinced to go by Nurse Diesel and Dr. Montague. Thorndyke, along with Brophy, travels to San Francisco to attend the conference. Upon signing into their hotel, they are informed by the desk clerk (Jack Riley) that a "Mr. MacGuffin" changed his room reservation to the top floor of the hotel. After arriving to his room he repeatedly pesters the bellboy Dennis (Barry Levinson) for a newspaper, wanting to see if there was any information about Dr. Wentworths death. After several requests for a newspaper, Dennis is driven mad, and attacks Thorndyke while he is in the shower with the newspaper, in reference to the shower scene from the movie Psycho. Thorndyke is then shown laying in the shower, appearing to be dead as the paper's ink runs down the drain, the scene ends with him calmly saying That kid gets no tip. After showering Thorndyke hears repeated knocking on his door, in spite of him asking who it is, the knocking continues till he opens the door. He opens the door and is met by peculiar woman who is acting very paranoid. She introduces herself as Victoria Brisbane (Madeline Kahn), the daughter of Author Brisbane. She inquires about her father; he informs her that her father thinks hes a dog. She then states that her father is as sane as she is, and that his life is in danger. Brophy then knocks on the door to inform the doctor that he will be late for the conference. Unbeknownst to the two, they are being watched by a mysterious stranger (Rudy De Luca), who is also a professional killer. After the conference Victoria and Thorndyke are having drinks at the hotel bar. Victoria asks what the H stands for. Thorndyke reveals that it stands for Harpo, due to his mothers love of the Marx Brothers. The pianist (Murphy Dunne) then asks Thorndyke to sing, first declining he is encouraged to sing the song High Anxiety. Victoria drops her pocket book when a picture falls out, revealing that the man he met at the institute was not her father. They are overheard by the stranger from earlier. We then see Diesel and Dr. Montague plotting to get rid of Thorndyke by framing him for murder. Back at the hotel, Brophy, after checking out early, begins to take pictures of the hotel. We then see Thorndyke approach a man and shoot him before walking away. He goes to the elevator and waits for it, as the elevator doors open, Thorndyke exits the elevator and sees an imposter Thorndyke. Confused at what is going on the imposter removes his masks to reveal the stranger who was watching him earlier. Walking to the lobby Thorndyke is pointed out as the one who shot the man. In a state of panic Thorndyke runs out of the hotel. After escaping to Golden Gate Park, he phones Victoria to inform her of what happened, and asks to meet him at the park. While reading the paper he notices a kit of pigeons forming, they proceed to crap all over his coat. Thorndyke runs as the birds chase him and continue crap all over him, in reference to the movie Birds. He finds shelter only to notice that there is a hole in the ceiling and the birds are there and continue to crap on him. Thorndyke meets up with Victoria, whos on the verge of a nervous breakdown. The two look at the paper showing Thorndyke shooting the man. He then remembers that he was coming down the elevator at the time, and asks Victoria to contact Brophy and have him blow up the negative to prove he is innocent. Back at the institute Brophy is developing the photo, which still turns out to be too small to see the figure in the elevator. He vows to keep enlarging the photo till they can see Thorndykes face. We then see Brophy examining several of the enlarged photos, he moves along the different size photos before coming upon a very large photo, which shows Thorndyke in the elevator. Nurse Diesel and Dr. Montague confront him, and proceed to lock him in the north wing to prevent him from exposing the truth. Nurse Diesel calls the killer and tells him to kill Thorndyke. While on the phone with Victoria, the killer attempts to kill him by strangling him, Victoria to misinterprets the sounds as a sleazy caller. Thorndyke and Victoria, dressed up in disguises from items from the Salvation Army, make a scene at the airport as an elderly couple to get through the security checkpoint. The two sneaks into the institute and find Dr. Lilloman, who appears to be dead, but is only sleeping. He informs Thorndyke that Brophy was taken to the north wing due to a nervous breakdown. The three proceed to the north wing to rescue Brophy who is tied up in a room. Brophy tells them that Norton (Lee Delano) has taken Brisbane to the tower. They run to the tower to see Norton carrying an unconscious Brisbane up the tower stairs. After a few mishaps with Brophy and Lilloman, Thorndyke proceeds up the stairs in spite of his fear of heights. After falling through a step, he has begins to panic, until Lilloman helps him overcome his fear by making him remember an accident from his childhood. Overcoming his fear he climbs up the remaining stairs to the top of the tower, just in time to stop Norton from dropping Brisbane over the edge. While pulling Brisbane to safety they are approached by a screaming Nurse Diesel who then falls over the ledge to her death. After a happy reunion, Thorndyke and Victoria decide to get married.
tt0074811
Drama,Thriller
Trelkovsky (Roman Polanski), a quiet and unassuming Polish immigrant living in France, rents an apartment in Paris whose previous tenant, Egyptologist Simone Choule, attempted to commit suicide by throwing herself out the third-floor window and through a pane of glass below. He visits Choule in the hospital but finds her entirely in bandages and unable to talk. Whilst still at Choule's bedside, Trelkovsky meets Simone's friend, Stella (Isabelle Adjani), who has also come to visit. Stella begins talking to Simone, who becomes aware of her visitors. Initially showing some signs of agitation upon seeing them, Choule soon lets out a disturbing cry, then suddenly dies. It isn't clear which of the two has caused this reaction. Apparently unaware that Choule is now dead, Trelkovsky tries to comfort Stella but dares not say that he never knew Simone, instead pretending to be another friend. They leave together and go out for a drink and a movie (Bruce Lee's Enter The Dragon), where they fondle each other. Outside the theatre they part ways. As Trelkovsky occupies the apartment he is chastised unreasonably by his neighbors and landlord, Monsieur Zy (Melvyn Douglas), for hosting a party with his friends from the clerical office where he works, apparently having a woman over, making too much noise in general, and not joining in on a petition against another neighbor. Trelkovsky attempts to adapt to his situation, but is increasingly disturbed by the apartment and its tenants. He frequently sees his neighbors standing motionless in the toilet room (which he can see from his own window), and discovers a hole in the wall with a human tooth stashed inside. He receives a visit and a letter from one Georges Badar (Rufus), who secretly loves Simone and has believed her to be alive and well. Trelkovsky updates and comforts the man and spends the night out with him drinking at various bars around the city. Gradually he changes his breakfast habits like Simone and shifts from Gauloises to Marlboro cigarettes. One evening, Trelkovsky has a run-in with Stella who is with some friends of hers at a local bar where they talk about the late Simone. After a gathering at friend's house, Stella invites Trelkovsky back to her apartment where she tries to seduce him. Trelkovsky is quite drunk and does not respond to her advances. He tells Stella about finding the human tooth in a wall in his apartment. He then tells a story about a man who lost his arm in an accident and wanted it buried. Trelkovsky instead passes out, leaving Stella to instead sleep beside him. The next day, Trelkovsky returns to his apartment where be becomes severely agitated and enraged when he sees that his apartment has been robbed, while his neighbors and the concierge (Shelley Winters) continue to berate him for making too much noise... despite the fact that he appears to tiptoe around the apartment and watches his TV set without sound. He complains about the robbery to Zy, but the landlord is unsympathetic and refuses to allow Trelkovsky to call the police for he wants the building to remain quiet and respectable. Over the next several days, Trelkvosky becomes hostile and paranoid in his day-to-day environment (snapping at his friends, slapping a child in a park) and his mental state progressively deteriorates as he isolates himself from society. One evening, he imagines himself being attacked by a derelict in the hallway of the lobby in his apartment building while imagining it to be one of his neighbors Madame Dioz (Jo Van Fleet). He buys a wig and woman's shoes and goes on to dress up (using Simone's dress which he had found in a cupboard) and sits still in his apartment in the dead of night. He begins to suspect that Zy and neighbors had driven the previous tenant, Simone, to commit suicide by harassing her, and in his increasingly twisted state of mind, believes that they are trying to subtly change him into Simone so that he too will kill himself. He has visions of his neighbors playing football with a human head in the apartment courtyard, and begins to see himself staring out of his own window and finds the toilet covered in hieroglyphs. After a night of drinking at a local bar, Trelkovsky runs off to Stella for comfort and sleeps over at her apartment and confides in her about his fear that his neighbors are trying to kill him, but she calmly tells him that it is all in his mind. The next morning, after Stella has left for work, he concludes that she too is in on his neighbors' conspiracy when a delivery man arrives outside her apartment with a packaged delivery. In his twisted mind, Trelkovsky looks through the peakhole of the front door and sees Zy there. After the delivery man leaves, Trelkvosky proceeds to wreak havoc in her apartment before departing, and steals her hidden supply of money. That evening, Trelkvosky is drinking at a local bar again when he makes the mistake of asking the barman where he can buy a gun. The barman and the manager throw him out of the bar from where the drunk Trelkvosky wanders into the street where he gets hit by a passing car driven by an elderly couple. The old man and woman stop and exit the car to check on him, and he is not wounded too seriously. An doctor appears and gives him a sedative injection due to his odd behavior. As a result, Trelkvosky perceives the elderly couple as landlord Zy and wife after which the couple return him to his apartment. By this point, a deranged Trelkovsky dresses up again as a woman and throws himself out the apartment window in the exact same manner of Simone Choule, before what he believes to be a clapping, cheering audience composed of his neighbors in the courtyard. The suicide attempt, in fact, wakes up his neighbors (whom Trelkovsky sees as humanoid monsters decending upon him). The neighbors arrive at the scene together with the police just in time for the wounded Trelkovsky to crawl up to his apartment and jump one more time. The end of the movie is enigmatic. Trelkovsky is bandaged up at the local hospital in the same fashion as Simone Choule in the very same hospital bed. When Trelkovsky looks up, two visitors come to visit him the next day. It happens to be Stella... and his own self standing before him in the exact same manner when Trelkvosky and Stella visited Simone in the hospital earlier. Trelkovsky then lets out the same disturbing scream that Simone had screamed. There is the possibility that this scene is not a flashback but that Trelkovsky is really Simone Choule and the whole supernatural cycle is about to start all over again.
tt0073341
Adventure,History,War
Lahore, British India, 1885. While working late one night as a correspondent at the offices of the Northern Star newspaper in India, Rudyard Kipling (Christopher Plummer) is approached by a ragged, seemingly crazed derelict, who reveals himself to be his old acquaintance Peachy Carnehan (Michael Caine). Peachy begins to tell Kipling the story of how he and his comrade-in-arms Daniel "Danny" Dravot (Sean Connery) traveled to remote Kafiristan (in modern-day Afghanistan; the province is now known as Nuristan), became "gods", and ultimately lost everything. Three years earlier. Dravot and Carnehan had met Kipling under less than auspicious circumstances; Carnehan, a former Colour sergeant of the Queen's Own Royal Loyal Light Infantry, pick-pocketed Kiplings's pocket watch but was forced to return it as he was a fellow Freemason. Carnehan claims to be an expert in "whiskey, women, waistcoats, and bills of fare." Both Dravot and Carnehan are in the process of blackmailing a local Rajah by posing as newspaper correspondents of "The Northern Star" newspaper, which outrages the real correspondent (Kipling). To save their lives, Kipling has the local district commissioner arrest both Dravot and Carnehan, who obliquely blackmail the commissioner himself. Despite being accomplished gun smugglers, swindlers, fencers of stolen goods, con-men, and blackmailers, both of them are bitter that after fighting to make India part of the British Empire, they will have little to return home apart from dead-end jobs. Both Dravot and Carnehan turn up at Kipling's office and explain their biggest gamble yet: feeling that India is too small for men such as them, they intend to travel to Kafiristan, a small and remote country to help a local king overcome his enemies, overthrow him, and become "gods"/rulers themselves before stealing various riches and returning to England in triumph. After signing a contract pledging mutual loyalty and forswearing drink and women until they achieved their grandiose aims, Peachy and Danny (taking along 20 Martini Henry rifles stolen from a local armory) set off on an epic overland journey north beyond the Khyber Pass. Kipling, after attempting to dissuade the men, gives Dravot his masonic emblem as a token of brotherhood. Over the next few weeks, Dravot and Carnehan travel through Afghanistan, fighting off a group of bandits at a campfire, trekking through a blizzard and avalanches as they make their way into the unknown land of Kafiristan (literally "Land of the Infidels"). They chance upon a Gurkha soldier who goes by the name Billy Fish (Saeed Jaffrey), the sole survivor of a missing mapping expedition sent several years earlier which had been lost in an avalanche. Billy speaks English as well as the local Dari language. Acting as translator and interpreter of customs and manners, he smooths the path of Dravot and Carnehan as they begin their rise, offering their services as military advisers, trainers, and war leaders to the chief of the much-raided village of Er-Heb. Dravot and Carnehan muster a force to attack the villagers' most-hated enemy, the Bashkai. During the battle, Dravot is struck in the chest by an arrow, but is unharmed, leading the natives to believe that he is a god. In fact, the arrow was stopped by a bandolier hidden beneath his clothing. As victory follows victory, the defeated are recruited to join the swelling army. Finally, nobody is left to stand in their way, and they are summoned to the holy city of Sikandergul, where the chief high priest, Kafu Selim, sets up a re-enactment of the arrow incident, to determine whether Dravot is a man or a god by seeing whether or not he bleeds. When Dravot flinches, the monks grab him and open his shirt to stab him, only to be stopped by Dravot's Masonic jewel. By coincidence, the symbol on the jewel matches one known only to the highest holy man, the symbol of "Sikander" (a linguistic corruption of Alexander the Great), who had conquered the country thousands of years before and promised to return. The holy men are convinced Dravot is the immortal son of Sikander. They hail him as king and lead the two men down to storerooms heaped with treasure (gold, silver, diamonds, emeralds, rubies, among various jewels) that belonged to Sikander, which now belongs to Dravot. As the months pass, Carnehan is anxious to leave with the treasure before winter arrives and heavy snow closes the mountain passes (and before the natives learn the truth about them). Dravot, however, has developed delusions of grandeur. First, Dravot 'suggests' that Carnehan bow to him like the others, ostensibly to "keep up appearances" in front of the natives and continue the deception. He adjudicates disputes among local people and villages, and issues proclamations overseeing their administration. He begins making plans to turn the land into a modern country, to the extent that he envisages eventually meeting Queen Victoria "as an equal." Resigned that Dravot's mind is made up, Carnehan decides to take as much loot as he can carry on a small mule train and leave alone. Meanwhile, Dravot decides to take a wife after seeing the beautiful Roxanne (Shakira Caine), and invites Carnehan as a witness. Roxanne, having a superstitious fear that she will burst into flames if she consorts with a god, tries frantically to escape, biting Dravot during the wedding ceremony. The bite draws blood, and the high priest exclaims that Dravot "not a god or a devil but a man". When everyone sees it, they realize that Dravot and Carnehan have deceived and used them. Carnehan and Billy quickly grab Dravot off the podium and hurry away. A large crowd of angry natives pursue Dravot and Carnehan, who order their loyal troops to open fire on them. As their forces and ammunition dwindle, Dravot and Carnehan offer Billy a horse to escape, but Billy refuses and courageously charges into the mob with a kukri single-handedly, before being killed amidst the mob. As the two men are soon surrounded captured, Dravot apologizes to Carnehan for spoiling their plans, and Carnehan forgives him. Now resigned to his fate, Dravot is forced to walk to the middle of a rope bridge over a deep gorge as the ropes are cut, casting him into the gorge. Afterwords, the Carnehan was crucified between two pine trees, but he was cut down the next day when he survives the ordeal. Eventually, he makes his way back to India, but his mind has become unhinged by his sufferings. In the present, as Carnehan finishes his story, he presents Kipling with Dravot's severed head, still wearing its crown, thereby confirming the tale to be true.
tt0104409
Horror
After the confrontation in Hellraiser II, the Cenobite named Pinhead is trapped, along with the puzzle box, amongst the writhing figures and distorted faces etched into the surface of an intricately carved pillar - the Pillar of Souls. The pillar is bought by the rich and spoiled J.P. Monroe (Kevin Bernhardt), owner of a popular nightclub called The Boiler Room. An ambitious young television reporter, Joey Summerskill (Terry Farrell), slowly begins to learn about Pinhead and the mysterious puzzle box. She is introduced to the pain the box can bring when she views a teenage club-goer being ripped apart by the box's chains in a hospital emergency room. She tracks the box and a young woman named Terri (Paula Marshall) to The Boiler Room, from which Terri had stolen the puzzle box. Through video tape interviews with Kirsty Cotton recovered from the Channard Institute, Joey and Terri learn about the demonic Cenobites and the power of the Lament Configuration, the only means of sending Pinhead back to Hell. Pinhead remains dormant until one night several hooked chains shoot out of the pillar and rip into one of the club goers, Brittany Virtue (Sharon Percival), Monroe had recently slept with. After killing her she is absorbed and her face appears on the pillar. Pinhead convinces Monroe to bring him club members so he can feed on their blood and be freed from the pillar. Now more dangerous than ever before, since he has been separated from his human self - a World War I British Army officer named Elliot Spencer who takes Joey on a walk round a trench filled with the corpses of what are presumably his men, explaining the nature of himself and Pinhead - and is simply the manifestation of Elliot's dark side and no longer under the control of Hell and purely out to cause chaos and destruction (in the previous movies the Cenobites were creatures of order, not chaos). Pinhead slaughters everybody in The Boiler Room, creating several new Cenobites in the process. Pinhead sets out to destroy the puzzle box so he need never return to Hell again. As time runs short, Joey must think of a plan to bring Pinhead and his newly-created Cenobites back to the realm of Pinhead's human self or else doom both herself and the mortal world to an eternity of pain and suffering. ================================ A young, rich club owner, JP Monroe, stops in an art dealer's shop. As he looks around he notices a large, plaster column with several relief sculptures on it, mostly of humans contorted in pain. Also on the column is a small sculpture of a puzzle box. The owner of the shop approaches him and sells the piece to JP, telling him to "take pleasure in it." At a hospital emergency room, a young TV reporter, Joey Summerskill, is doing a piece on the abilities of the staff, however, the ER is strangely vacant that night. Suddenly, a man is wheeled inside the ER on a gurney. Sharp hooks at the ends of long, bloody chains are embedded in his flesh. As he passes Joey, the man whispers, "Help me." A young woman follows after him, hysterically chattering about his condition. Joey interviews her briefly and the woman tells her that she & the man came from a club called The Boiler Room. When the doctors and nurses try to treat him, the chains are suddenly lifted by an unseen force, tearing at his flesh, and the man screams in pain. As the doctors and the young woman watch horrified, his head explodes. Before she leaves, the young lady retrieves a small puzzle box the man had been holding. She asks for the young woman's name and finds out it's Terri. Joey is ultimately bored with her job; she's only given puff pieces to report on. She also experiences nightmares about her father, who'd died in the Vietnam War. She goes to the Boiler Room and asks about Terri, who turns out to be JP's former girlfriend. They tell her that she's out with JP at a restaurant. Joey finds JP there & gives him her card, asking to call if he sees Terri. JP tries to hit on her but she rebuffs him. Later, Joey wakes up from another nightmare and receives a phone call from Terri & invites Terri to her apartment. Terri shows Joey the puzzle box, which allows anyone who solves it to experience a strange realm of Hell. Terri concludes that the man who died in the ER must have stolen the puzzle box from the sculpture JP had recently bought. At the Boiler Room JP, a self-absorbed and cruel man, examines the sculpture he'd bought. JP finds a hole in the column where the puzzle box had been. JP reaches into the hole and a rat bites him on the hand, drawing blood. JP's blood splatters across the column and is inexplicably absorbed into it. JP is fascinated. Later, while slyly watching the women who come to his club, he spots a lovely blond girl at the bar and has one of his employees give her a single rose, an invitation to meet with him privately. He lures the girl to his apartment, attached to the club, and has sex with her. As he does, the sculpture shows slight signs of animation. After he's finished with the woman, he harshly tells her to leave his apartment, having only wanted her for pleasure. Angry at being spurned, she begins to berate him for being such a cad when hooked chains emerge from the sculpture and snare her skin. She's forced to turn around and face the pillar. One of the faces, belonging to the Cenobite Pinhead, suddenly comes to life and hooks her forehead with another chain. Her skin is yanked from her body in a single jerk and as she screams, she's swallowed into the sculpture. JP is horrified but listens intently as Pinhead tells him he can grant JP all the pleasure, wealth and fame he seeks if he'll supply the statue with fresh blood and flesh. JP is unconvinced and shoots at Pinhead with a pistol; the shots are useless -- Pinhead spits the bullets out effortlessly. JP promises to bring what Pinhead asks for. Joey continues to be plagued by the nightmares about her father. She also continues her investigation into the young man who died in the ER and JP's club. Her efforts continue to be fruitless. She also receives news that she's been offered a job in another city -- since she and Terri had struck up a mild friendship, Terri is upset and leaves Joey's apartment after receiving a call from JP, who asks her to come back to him. At JP's apartment, JP tries to talk Terri into starting up their romance again. Terri is very reluctant but still starts to fall for JP's charms. As he talks to her, he walks her closer to the pillar, suddenly grabbing her and trying to force her even closer to it. Pinhead's face suddenly comes to life and growls and Terri retreats. When JP tries to grab her again, she hits him in the face with a set of brass knuckles. He falls on the floor unconscious. Just as Terri is about to leave the room, Pinhead stops her, demanding she give him JP's body. She pushes his limp body closer to the pillar and watches in horror as JP is hooked and yanked into the pillar. The sculpture explodes, tossing bits of flesh around and Pinhead emerges, free of his prison. Terri is too frightened to retreat. Joey has another nightmare about her father while he fights in a battle in Vietnam. This time, she's confronted by a young British man in an army uniform. He identifies himself as Captain Elliott Spencer, a World War II veteran, whom, after the war, had acquired the puzzle box in the Far East after the war and had discovered, while trying to solve it, that it was a doorway to an alternate world much like Hell, where wanderers can experience the extremes of pain and pleasure. Spencer had unlocked the doorway and had eventually become a demon of the netherworld, subjecting thousands of victims to extreme torture. He'd also had several demon assistants who'd themselves been victims of the puzzle box. Having been challenged previously by a young woman, Kirsty Cotton, who's own father had been a victim of her crooked uncle, Pinhead was banished and his accomplices were destroyed. Joey learns of the box's power by watching a videotaped interview with Kirsty taken from the Channard Institute, where she was held as a psychiatric patient. Spencer himself wants to regain his human form and asks Joey to help him. He wants her to, using the puzzle box, lure Pinhead into the spirit realm Spencer currently lives in so he can capture him and break his curse. Joey agrees. Back at the Boiler Room, Pinhead bursts into the club and begins to torture, mutilate and kill the club-goers. Joey sees a news report on the carnage and calls her cameraman, Doc, who tells her he'll meet her there. When Joey arrives, Pinhead has finished his rampage. Joey runs from the club, chased by Pinhead. In the streets, she sees an odd-looking man approaching her: Doc has been turned into a Cenobite with a camera embedded in his head where his right eye used to be. Escaping Doc and another Cenobite -- the DJ from JP's club, who makes use of compact discs as weapons -- she retreats into a church. A priest meets her and doesn't believe her fantastic story about "demons." Pinhead suddenly bursts into the church, shattering its stained-glass windows and melting the priest's steel cross in his hand. Over the priest's loud protests, Pinhead tortures the priest, forcing him to eat entrails plucked from his chest. Joey taunts Pinhead with the box and flees the church. In a nearby construction site she meets two more Cenobites: the first is JP, who has two drilling devices thrust through his head. The other is Terri, who wields sharpened hook blades and has a cigarette jutting from her throat. They are about to torture her when Pinhead stops them, demanding Joey give up the box. The box activates and Joey is sent to Hell with the Cenobites. In the alternate dimension, Joey meets her father. He asks for the box to break the spell and reveals himself to be Pinhead in disguise. He prepares to torture and transform her into a Cenobite when Elliott Spencer appears and forcibly fuses himself with Pinhead. While Pinhead is distracted, Joey stabs him with the reconfigured box, destroying him and restoring Spencer's humanity. The box remains and Joey drops it into a foundation block of the construction site. She walks away, believing that the terror is over. The building is constructed; the lobby features an elaborate decor of the box itself.
tt0085154
Drama,Romance,Sport
"All the Right Moves" is set in the fictitious, declining small steel mill town of Ampipe (short for the fictitious American Pipe works), typical of many such towns and mills situated in southwestern Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh. The movie was filmed in 1983 in part in the city of Johnstown, PA, one such town. The present writer of this synopsis lives in the real town of Ambridge on the Ohio River northwest of Pittsburgh, so named for the American Bridge works that once prospered here. Since the 70s and 80s we have witnessed the closing of a number of mills and the further deterioration of several of our old steel towns, which were once booming. So-called brown fields have often replaced once proud, industrial sites. Boarded up store fronts and now vacant factories with their rows of broken windows cast a dark shadow. In the film, Stefen is a bright high school football student athlete who hopefully sees his sports accomplishments as his ticket to a college scholarship, an engineering degree, and life beyond the hopelessness of a dying mill town. Run-ins with the coach, however, dash those hopes when Stefen is cut from the team for his 'attitude' problem. Here is a sometimes painful, sometimes touching look behind the scenes at adolescence in the often-tough, often-coarse world of the small, increasingly depressed towns of industrial America.
tt0069768
Action,Sci-Fi
Set in a flashback in the former North American continent of the early 21st century in the year 2003, and told by the Great Lawgiver, this latest Planet of the Apes sequel focuses on the chimpanzee ape leader, Caesar (Roddy McDowall), more then a decade after he led the ape revolution in the previous film, 'Conquest of the Planet of the Apes'. In this post-nuclear war society, Caesar tries to cultivate peace between his simian peers and the surviving remains of humanity. A militant gorilla general named Aldo (Claude Akins) however opposes this. Therefore, he plots Caesar's overthrow and doom. Caesar is now married to the chimpanzee Lisa (Natalie Trundy), the female chimpanzee ape of the previous film, and they have a son, named Cornelius (Bobby Porter) in honor of Caesar's late father. Caesar regrets having never known his parents until his human assistant MacDonald (Austin Stoker) informs him that by viewing video taped archives of his parents, he can learn about the future. Caesar learns the archives are in the Forbidden City, once the city in which Caesar was enslaved, and is now in nuclear ruins. After obtaining weapons from an armory run by the orangutan Mandemus (Lew Ayres), Caesar travels with MacDonald and the orangutan Virgil (Paul Williams) to the Forbidden City and sneaks in to find the recorded archives. However, there are radiation-scarred humans still living in the Forbidden City, now under the command of Governor Kolp (Severn Darden), the former police chief under the late Governor Beck and who is now the current leader and governor. Caesar and his party view the video recordings of Cornelius and Zira (from 'Escape from the Planet of the Apes') and learn about the future of the world, but barely have enough time to study the tapes before they must escape or risk capture or death. Back in Ape City, Caesar assembles a meeting with the citizens to report his discoveries at the Forbidden City. Aldo objects when some humans show up at the meeting and leads the gorillas away. The three-man scout group sent by Governor Kolp return and tell them about the Ape City. Kolp considers this clandestine entrance by Caesar an act of espionage while his subordinate Méndez (Paul Stevens) says that they did nothing wrong and should be allowed to go in peace. Governor Kolp then declares war on Ape City, mustering the mutant humans from the Forbidden City to destroy the ape society once and for all. That night, Aldo is furious over the fact that Caesar wants to co-exist peacefully with humans and plots a military coup in order to install himself as the leader of Ape City. Cornelius (while climbing a tree) overhears this when trying to catch his pet squirrel, but is spotted by Aldo who hacks at the branch with his sword causing Cornelius to fall to the ground and suffer serious injuries and he becomes bedridden. After one of the ape scouts is wounded by Governor Kolp, Aldo takes action into his own hands and orders all humans rounded into the corral. Then, Aldo leads the gorillas to loot Mandemus' armory for its weapons. Cornelius succumbs to his wounds leaving Caesar devastated. Upon learning about Aldo's actions from Virgil, Caesar leaves Cornelius's side to confront Aldo, but Kolp's ragtag force of mutant humans launches their attack against Ape City at that moment delaying Caesar's and Aldo's confrontation until after the battle as both Caesar and Aldo are forced to team up to fight the attacking mutant humans. The mutants attack on Ape City initially succeeds after an artillery barrage destroys or damages many homes and buildings, forcing Caesar to order the defenders to fall back. When Kolp finds Caesar lying wounded amongst the apes on the ground, he taunts him saying the apes would once again be humanity's slaves or die, and is about to shoot him. But then Lisa cries out, and Kolp is distracted. Caesar shouts, "Now, fight like apes!," and most of the fallen apes all around them, who were feigning death (clearly on Caesar's orders) or hiding, launch a counter-attack that captures most of the mutants and drives Kolp into retreat. Kolp and his remaining forces are killed by Aldo and his mounted troops. After the battle, Aldo wants to kill the humans in the pen, but Caesar shields them for they were not part of Kolp's army and thus killed nobody. Aldo declares that Caesar should be killed if he shields the humans. But before he can carry this out, he lets it slip that Cornelius' death was not due to an accident, but Aldo's malevolence. The ape community immediately grows angry and concludes that the society's sacred law ("ape must never kill ape") has been broken. As the community repeats "ape has killed ape!", an infuriated Caesar pursues Aldo up a large tree, and their fight results in Aldo's death when he falls. Caesar then goes to free the humans, but they refuse to leave the pen unless things change. MacDonald insists that freedom is meaningless without being treated as equals. Caesar then realizes the apes are just as evil and despicable as the former slave-owners if they treat the humans as second class citizens. The apes and humans then decide to co-exist with one another and begin to work side-by-side in rebuilding their community and make a new society. In the final scene, the wizened orangutan teacher at the beginning of the film, known in ape society as the Great Lawgiver (John Huston), finishes the narration begun in the prologue all about the life of the late great chimpanzee leader Caesar who united the world in peace... to a mixed group of young human and ape children in an outdoor classroom. The setting is now in the year 2670, over 600 years in the future. In complete contrast to the first 'Planet of the Apes' movie, instead of humanity falling and apes rising to take their place as the dominant species on Earth, the two species have continued to co-exist. When asked by a human child at what the future will hold and if man and ape will continue to live together in peace (among the next 1,300 years before the first 'Planet of the Apes' movie thus bringing the series full circle), the Lawgiver states that only the dead know about the future. The final shot zooms over to a life-size stone statue of Caesar and shows a single tear falling from the statue's left eye.
tt0074937
Comedy,Mystery,Thriller
A mysterious millionaire named Lionel Twain (Truman Capote) sends invitations to master detectives Dick and Dora Charleston (David Niven and Maggie Smith), Inspector Sidney Wang (Peter Sellers), Milo Perrier (James Coco), Sam Diamond (Peter Falk), and Jessica Marbles (Elsa Lancaster). The invitation reads, "You are cordially invited to Dinner and a Murder at 22 Lola Lane, Saturday evening 7 P.M." On Saturday night, the Charlestons are lost in a fog. Dick tries to call his host, but Twain's telephone line has been cut by an unseen culprit. Sidney Wang and his adopted Japanese son, Willie (Richard Narita), stop to read a map and encounter Dick. In another car, Tess Skeffington (Eileen Brennan) recites Twain's dossier to her employer/paramour, Sam Diamond. The car runs out of gas and Tess is required to hike five miles to the nearest station. In another car, Milo and his personal chauffeur Marcel Cassette (James Cromwell) are trying to find the address and also are having trouble driving through the fog. When Sidney and Willie arrive at Twain's door, they barely miss being struck by a falling gargoyle. They are greeted by Jamessir Bensonmum (Alec Guinness), the blind butler, who takes them to their room, where "a cozy fire" is consuming the bed. The Charlestons arrive next, sipping martinis to ease the shock of their close call with a falling gargoyle. Bensonmum leads them to their room, which is covered in dust and cobwebs. In the kitchen, Bensonmum informs Yetta (Nancy Walker), the kitchen maid, of her duties. His effort is wasted, as she is deaf and mute, but he cannot see the note explaining her condition. Bensonmum returns to the living room to find Milo, who complains that Marcel has received a minor injury from a falling gargoyle. Sam is less passive about his gargoyle encounter and threatens Bensonmum at gunpoint. The guests gather in the drawing room for cocktails and deduce that the world's greatest detectives have been brought together for a reason. Sam and Tess enter, followed soon after by Jessica Marbles and her wheelchair-bound nurse, Miss Withers (Estelle Winwood). The group is summoned to the dining room. Bensonmum serves soup from an empty tureen. He apologizes and goes to the kitchen to fire Yetta, still unaware of the futility. After narrowly escaping death from poisoned wine and falling swords, the guests meet their host, whose entrance is accompanied by flashing colored lights. Twain announces that he will prove himself to be the world's greatest criminologist. A murder is to be committed at midnight, and both the killer and the victim are currently at the table. Twain wagers $1 million against their reputations that none of the five detectives will be able to solve the crime. With the push of a button, he seals them inside the house, and then makes a dramatic exit. Yetta storms into the dining room and "screams," although she produces no sound. Sidney, Jessica and Milo go to the kitchen, where they discover the body of Bensonmum, and notice a butcher knife missing from the knife rack. Locked out of the dining room, Milo retrieves the key from Bensonmum, but the body has disappeared and only the butler's clothes remain. They find the dining room deserted, but Twain, watching from the moose head on the wall, assures the detectives that no one has left the dining room and instructs them to leave the room and re-enter. They follow Twain's instructions and find all the guests in place. The sound of gunshots emanates from the kitchen, prompting Dick and Sam to investigate. Bensonmum's body has reappeared, but without clothing. While Dick uses the bathroom, Sam returns to the dining room, which is again deserted. When he opens the bathroom door, Sam sees a cobweb-covered bed occupied by the Charlestons' terrier. Dick reappears when Sam closes the door and reopens it. Sam enters the dining room and tells the other guests of his experience, which leads them to deduce that Twain has "two of everything" in the house. Milo leaves the room to demonstrate by knocking three times. Dick returns, followed moments later by Milo, who has been squeezed into Bensonmum's suit. As the clock is about to strike midnight, Dora notices that Yetta has disappeared and there is a knock on the door. Twain stands in the doorway and falls forward, revealing a butcher knife and multiple stab wounds in his back. Dora concludes that Yetta is the culprit, but Sam discovers a case containing Yetta's components, proving the maid to be an automaton robot. Dora then asserts that one of the guests must be the murderer. The guests assemble in the drawing room, where they posit their theories. Dick believes the murder was an elaborate suicide. Sidney suspects Dick, explaining that the Charlestons are destitute and have been borrowing money from Twain at seventeen percent interest. Dick draws attention to Jessica, explaining that Twain, her former fiancee, left her at the altar. Milo suggests patricide, and Tess admits that Twain was her uncle, but he was also Sidney's adoptive father. When Twain realized, after 19 years, that his son was Asian, Sidney was forced to leave home. Wang counters by reminding Milo of Marie Louise Cartier, Milo's poodle, which Twain hunted and killed. Tess divulges that Sam also hated Twain because he had photographs of Sam wearing women's clothing from the night they met in a gay bar, although Sam argues that he was undercover. When they retire to their bedrooms, the Wangs are threatened by a deadly snake. At the same time, the Charlestons are frozen in fear as a scorpion crawls toward them. In their bedroom, Jessica and Miss Withers smell poison gas. In their room, Sam and Tess receive notice of a hidden time bomb ticking down. As the bomb is heard exploding, Milo and Marcel are trapped in their room and are about to be crushed by a descending ceiling. In the drawing room, the very much alive and not-blind Bensonmum crosses the detectives' names off of a list. However, each of the guests appears in the room having miraculously cheated death for various reasons, and offers his or her solution in hopes of winning the $1 million wager. Sidney relies on the old adage, "the butler did it," while Jessica knows Bensonmum to actually be Irving Goldman, Twain's attorney. Dick suggests that Bensonmum is an accountant named Marvin Metzner, but Milo believes him to be Twain's daughter, Rita, whose hatefulness stems from her manly appearance. Sam announces that he and Tess are actors, and Bensonmum is the real Sam Diamond, who created this ruse to prove his superiority to his colleagues. After humoring each of them, the butler removes his mask and reveals himself to be the very much alive Twain himself. He berates the detectives for exploiting their readers with nonsensical surprise endings and other unscrupulous devices. Their reputations will be ruined when the world learns that Twain outsmarted them. As the guests leave, without the $1 million, Sam admits to Tess that he really is Sam Diamond, while Dick explains to his wife that everything they've experienced was fake, including the fog. When Willie asks Wang if there had really been a murder or not, Wang replies: "Yes. Killed a good weekend!" Alone in his home, Twain pulls off yet another mask to reveal the mute Yetta, who lights up a cigarette and laughs diabolically while rings of cigarette smoke fill the screen. End credits.
tt0078754
Drama,Music,Musical
Joe Gideon is a theater director and choreographer trying to balance staging his latest Broadway musical with editing a Hollywood motion picture he has directed. He is a workaholic who chain-smokes cigarettes, and without a daily dose of Vivaldi, Visine, Alka-Seltzer, Dexedrine, and sex, he wouldn't have the energy to keep up the biggest show of all - his life. His girlfriend Katie Jagger, his ex-wife Audrey Paris, and daughter Michelle try to pull him back from the brink, but it is too late for his exhausted body and stress-ravaged heart. In his imagination, he flirts with an angel of death named Angelique. Meanwhile, Gideon's condition gets progressively worse. He is rushed to a hospital after experiencing chest pains during a particularly stressful table-read (with the production's penny-pinching backers in attendance) and admitted with severe angina. Joe brushes off his symptoms, and attempts to leave to go back to rehearsal, He collapses in the doctor's office and is ordered to stay in the hospital for several weeks to rest his heart and recover from his exhaustion. The show is postponed, but Gideon continues his antics from the hospital bed, in brazen denial of his mortality. Champagne flows, endless strings of women frolic around his hospital room and the cigarettes are always smoked. Cardiogram readings do not show any improvement as Gideon dances with death. As a negative review for his feature film (which has been released without him) comes in, Gideon has a massive coronary and undergoes coronary artery bypass surgery. Meanwhile, the show's backers must decide whether it's time to pack up, or replace Gideon as the director. Their matter-of-fact, money-oriented negotiations with the insurers are juxtaposed with graphic scenes of Joe's open heart surgery. The producers realize that the best way to recoup their money and make a profit is to bet on Gideon dying: the insurance proceeds which would bring in a profit of over $500,000. Meanwhile, elements from Gideon's past life are staged in dazzling dream sequences of musical numbers he directs from his hospital bed while on life support. Realizing his death is imminent, and his mortality unconquerable, Gideon has another heart attack. In the film's glittery finale, he goes through the five stages of death - anger, denial, bargaining, depression and acceptance - featured in the stand-up routine he has been editing. As death closes in on Gideon, the fantasy episodes become more hallucinatory and extravagant. In the film's epilogue arranged as a monumental variety show featuring everyone from his past, Gideon himself takes center stage. The final scene shows his corpse being zipped in a body bag.
tt0089370
Action,Adventure,Comedy
In this sequel to 'Romancing the Stone' set six months later, while moored at a port in the South of France, Joan Wilder's (Kathleen Turner) and Jack Colton's (Michael Douglas) romance has grown stale. Joan, suffering writer's block, wants to return to New York, while Jack prefers aimlessly sailing the world on his boat, the Angelina. At a book signing engagement, Joan meets Omar (Spiros Focás), a charming Arab ruler who wants Joan to write his biography. Joan accepts and leaves with Omar over Jack's protests. Jack later runs into Ralph (Danny DeVito), the swindler from Jack and Joan's previous adventure in Colombia who demands Jack turn over the gem Jack and Joan found. Shortly after, an Arab, named Tarak (Paul David Magid), informs Jack about Omar's true intentions and claims that Omar has the "Jewel of the Nile"; and just as Tarak finishes his explanations, the Angelina mysteriously explodes. Ralph and Jack team up to find Joan and the fabled jewel. Joan soon discovers that Omar is a brutal dictator rather than the enlightened ruler he claimed will unite the Arab world. In the palace jail, Joan encounters Al-Julhara (Avner Eisenberg), a holy man who is the "Jewel of the Nile" and whom Omar fears. The pair escape and find Jack, and they flee into the desert in Omar's hi-jacked F-16 fighter aircraft. Ralph is captured by Tarak's rebel Sufi tribe who are sworn to protect the Jewel so he can fulfill his people's destiny. After encountering a Nubian mountain African tribe, Joan and Jack's romance is rekindled. Joan tells Jack that the jewel is Al-Julhara and not a gem stone. In Kadir, Omar intends to use a smoke-and-mirror-special effect to convince onlookers that he is the prophet who will unite the Arab world. Jack, Joan, and Al-Julhara arrive to expose Omar but are captured on the train leading to Kadir. Omar suspends Jack and Joan with ropes over a deep pit while Al-Julhara is in a stockade; Ralph, along with the Sufi tribe, arrives in time to rescue the three prisoners. As Omar takes center stage to address the Arab people, Jack and Joan disrupt the ceremony while the Sufi rebels battle Omar's guards. A fire breaks out, engulfing Omar's stage. Jack and Joan are separated, and Omar corners Joan atop the burning scaffolding. Jack knocks Omar over the side, killing him. Al-Julhara rises and safely walks through the flames, fulling the prophecy that he is the true spiritual leader. The following day, Jack and Joan are married by Al-Julhara. Ralph laments having gained nothing for his efforts, but Tarak acknowledges that he is a true Sufi friend and presents him with a jeweled dagger as Jack and Joan happily sail away down the Nile on their honeymoon.
tt0070707
Comedy,Sci-Fi
In the year 2173, doctors revive cryogenically frozen Miles Monroe (Woody Allen), a Greenwich Village health food store owner and ragtime clarinet player, who entered a hospital in 1973 for a routine ulcer operation and never regained consciousness. When Miles's tinfoil protective covering is peeled off, he wakes up a fugitive in a totalitarian state called the American Federation led by a Big Brother-esq man known only as 'The Leader'. The doctors hide the illegally defrosted Miles at Dr. Melik's house, marveling at his quaint requests for organic foods and his ignorance of the health benefits of steak, deep-fried foods and hot fudge. Soon, the doctors ask Miles to help them learn about the Aries Project, which they suspect is The Leader's plot to destroy their revolutionary movement, adding that Miles's brain will be reprogrammed if his identity is revealed. Just as Miles declines to participate, security police swarm, enabling him to escape as the doctors are captured. Hiding in a nearby van full of robots, Miles uses spare parts to disguise himself as one of them and is delivered to the home of poet Luna Schlosser (Diane Keaton), who is disappointed by her new servant's facial features, but needs help for a party that evening. Instructed by Luna to prepare food for her guests, Miles spoons instant pudding powder into a bowl, immediately producing a viscous mass, which is enveloping the counter as the doorbell sounds. After accidentally incinerating the guests' wraps, Miles struggles with the rampaging pudding in the kitchen, beating it into submission with a broom while Luna and her artist friends become intoxicated from passing around an orb (a synthetic marijuana orb that can be absorbed through one's bare skin). After the party, Luna and her painter friend Herald enter the orgasmatron, a device which simulates sex. After climaxing, they emerge chatting casually, after which Luna recites her new poem about a butterfly turning into a caterpillar and then has a tantrum when Herald points out the biological flaw of its premise. Luna is calmed when they turn to the telescreen, a huge television, and waves back to The Leader as he bids them goodnight. The next day, Luna takes her new robot to have his head replaced with a more attractive one, but before Miles is decapitated, he slips out to her car, explaining that he is a man from the past. When Luna responds to Miles's request for help with screams, trying to expose him as an alien, Miles hijacks her car and drives to the woods, where he gags her. Miles offers Luna safety if she will help him reach the underground, and eventually, overtaken by hunger, Luna agrees to help Miles if he will feed her. Finding gigantic produce growing at a farm, Miles is peeling a canoe-sized banana when the farmer arrives and they both repeatedly slip on the peel. After stunning the farmer with a strawberry, Miles returns to the woods where he and Luna dine on an enormous celery stalk and huge slices of banana. When Miles forces Luna to accompany him to a house where he asks to borrow a car, Luna contacts the police, who instruct her to detain the alien. Borrowing their host's inflatable hydrovac suit, Luna convinces Miles to wear it as a disguise, then drives to a deserted road near a river where she inflates the suit in order to disable Miles as the police approach. As Miles bounces away, the police seize Luna and, due to her exposure to the "alien", and are about to kill her. Just then, Miles pounces from behind. Running to the river, Luna climbs onto the buoyant Miles, paddling until the police fire a shot into his suit, propelling them to the other side. There, Miles finds an abandoned 20th century era Volkswagon, which starts immediately. As they drive away, Luna asks what it is like to be dead for 200 years, to which Miles replies it is "like a weekend in Beverly Hills". Luna doesn't understand. Miles and Luna take refuge in Dr. Melik's deserted house where Luna suggests they use the orgasmatron, but Miles tries to win her over to more primitive ways of making love. Interrupted by the police, Miles gives Luna Dr. Melik's gun, telling her to hide until he can lead them to the western district where they will find out about the Aries Project. Miles is hiding in the orgasmatron when the police find him disheveled and grinning like a zombie. They lead him away, then later, he wakes up in a drawer and is informed that he will be initiated into a society that will completely take care of his needs and desires. After being reprogrammed, fitted with new clothes and moved into a new apartment, complete with a robot dog named Rags, Miles is soon working at a new job and dating a pretty co-worker. Now living alone in the woods, Luna is captured by handsome, blond Erno Windt , a leader with the underground, and becomes a revolutionary. After dinner at McDonalds one night, Miles is surprised at home by Luna, whom he does not remember and, horrified to learn that she is with the underground, he calls for Rags to attack as Erno jumps out of the orgasmatron. Captured and taken to the woods, Miles is reprogrammed again. After regaining his original personality and memory, Miles is attracted to Luna, but sadly realizes she is involved with Erno. Agreeing to help with Erno's plan for Aries Day, Miles and Luna infiltrate a medical facility disguised as doctors, and as Miles jealously bickers with Luna over her feelings for Erno, they are surprised by a team of physicians who mistake them for expected guests. Entering a top- secret meeting, they all learn that an assassin's bomb has destroyed The Leader, except for his nose, which now must be cloned. Miles and Luna determine to create a diversion and steal the nose, but instead, find themselves in an operating theater with the doctors ready to observe them performing the procedure. After stalling as long as they can, Miles hides the nose under his surgical mask, but it is quickly discovered. Miles holds the nose hostage with Dr. Melik's gun while he and Luna run off, then ultimately throws it under a steamroller where it is flattened, to the horror of the doctors and police. Having successfully escaped, Luna ecstatically proclaims that Erno's revolution will soon triumph, but Miles retorts that political solutions never work, adding that in six months, someone will be stealing Erno's nose. Agreeing that they love each other, Luna ruefully informs Miles that science has proven meaningful relationships cannot last. When Miles refutes the theory, she observes that he does not believe in science, political systems or God and asks what he does believe in. Miles answers that he believes in sex and death, two things that come once in a lifetime, but after death one is not nauseous. Finally, Miles and Luna kiss.
tt0087075
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
In the present day England, a young girl named Rosaleen (Sarah Patterson) lays in her upstairs bedroom in her bed having fallen asleep while reading a magazine while her parents arrives home from shopping and her older sister knocks on her door to try to wake her up before dinner. Rosaleen then has a series of dreams that make up the bulk of this film.... Rosaleen dreams that she lives in a fairy tale forest during the late 18th century England with her parents (Tusse Silberg and David Warner) and older sister Alice (Georgia Slowe) as in real life. But one day Alice is chased down and killed by wolves while running through the woods. While her parents are mourning, Rosaleen goes to stay the night with her grandmother (Angela Lansbury), who knits a bright red shawl for her granddaughter to wear. The superstitious old woman gives Rosaleen an ominous warning, to beware men whose eyebrows meet. Granny then tells Rosaleen her own story about "wolves in human form". Granny's tale to Rosaleen: A young groom (Stephen Rea) is about to bed his new bride (Kathryn Pogson) when a "call of nature" summons him outside. He disappears and his bride is terrified to see wolves howling outside. A search the following day yields a wolf paw print only. Years later, she remarries and has three children, only to have her original husband finally return. Angered at her having children with a new husband, the groom transforms into his werewolf form by literally peeling off his skin, but is slain when the new husband (Jim Carter) returns. The next morning, Rosaleen returns to her village, but finds that she must deal with the advances of an amorous teenage boy (Shane Johnstone). Rosaleen and the boy take a walk through the forest, but the boy discovers that the village's cattle have come under attack from a wolf. Rosaleen then climbs a tree to oversee the vast valley area that surrounds the small village where she lives. Another day later, while Rosaleen is talking with Granny again at the church cemetery while the village priest is cutting branches off a large tree, she tells Rosaleen another story about being aware of who or what is out there.... Granny's second tale to Rosaleen: A young man is walking through the enchanted forest when he encounters the Devil (Terence Stamp), anachronistically arriving in a Rolls-Royce chauffeured by the actress playing Rosaleen in a blonde wig. The Devil offers the boy a trans-formative potion, which he rubs onto his chest, causing hair to sprout rapidly. The boy is pleased, but shortly thereafter vines grow swiftly from the ground, twining around his legs and trapping him. He wails in protest and fear, his face distorting with his cries. His anguished visage appearing in Rosaleen's bedroom mirror at the end of that dream sequence. Back in the village, Rosaleen's father and the rest of the villagers set out to hunt the wolf. While they are away, Rosaleen tells her own tale about wolves to her mother.... Rosaleen's story to her mother: A woman (Dawn Archibald) who lived in a valley "done a terrible wrong" by a rich, young nobleman (Richard Morant) turns up visibly pregnant at his wedding party "to put wrong to right". She calls out the nobleman and the rest of the nobles for their bigoted actions, and further denounces them by declaring "the wolves in the forest are more decent". She then reveals that she is a witch and magically transforms the groom, the bride, and the other nobles into wolves. They flee into the forest as the witch laughs, but afterwards the witch commands that the wolves "serenade" her and her child each night. The villagers then capture a wolf, but once caught and killed, the wolf's corpse transforms into that of a human being. Rosaleen later takes a basket of goods through the woods to her grandmother's cottage, but on her way she encounters an attractive huntsman (Micha Bergese), whose eyebrows meet. He challenges her, saying that he can find his way to her grandmother's house before she can, and the pair set off. The hunter arrives at Rosaleen's grandmother's house first, where he reveals his bestial nature and kills her. Rosaleen arrives later and discovers the carnage, but her need to protect herself is complicated by her desire for the hunter. In the ensuing exchange, Rosaleen accidentally injures the huntsman with his own rifle. Upon this blow, the hunter contorts in pain and transforms into his wolf shape. Rosaleen takes pity on the wounded beast, noting that his pack could leave him behind. She sits down, and begins petting the wolf kindly and tenderly while telling him a story. Rosaleen's story to the huntsman/wolf: A she-wolf from the world beneath arrives at a village. Despite meaning no harm, she is shot by a villager. She reveals herself in her human form (Danielle Dax) to an old priest (Graham Crowden), who takes her in and bandages her wound. Although touched by the priest's kindness and actions, she feels she is not fit to stay. Ultimately, after some time, she returns to her world through the village well. Ultimately the villagers arrive at the house some time later, looking for a werewolf within. Instead, they discover that Rosaleen herself has become a werewolf. Together, she and the huntsman escape to the forest, joined by a growing pack having chosen each other as mates. The wolves seem to stream into the real world, breaking into Rosaleen's house and gathering outside her bedroom. Rosaleen awakes with a scream as one wolf leaps in through her bedroom window and sends her toys crashing to the floor.... symbolizing the end of her childhood innocence. Over the closing credits, Perrault's Le Petit Chaperon Rouge is then heard being read, with the moral warning girls to beware of charming strangers.
tt0099472
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Scrooge McDuck, his nephews (Huey, Dewey & Louie), Webby, and Launchpad McQuack are off to search for the lost treasure of Collie Baba and his Forty Thieves. At an excavation site, what should be the treasure, appears to be a bunch of rags and whatnot. However, hidden among them, is a map. As Scrooge examines it, one of the diggers disappears. The digger, Dijon, reports to his master, an evil wizard named Merlock, who has been seeking Collie Baba's treasure, since it contains a magic lamp with a genie inside. Merlock has promised Dijon (who is also a bumbling thief), his own mountain of gold if he obtains the lamp. Scrooge and the others set out to find the treasure, and come across a miniature pyramid. However, it turns out it is the tip of an enormous pyramid that was buried in a sandstorm. After much digging, the pyramid is unearthed, and the group explore inside. After tripping off several traps, they finally discover Collie Baba's treasure. Among them is the lamp, which Scrooge lets Webby have at her request, since he feels it has no value. Dijon is assigned to gather up the treasure in sacks. Unknown to him, the lamp is still in Webby's possession. As he transports the last one, Merlock appears, and sets off another trap, sending Scrooge and his group to a pit of snapping claw-creatures. The group manages to escape out of the pyramid, but Scrooge is upset that his search for Collie Baba's treasure has resulted in nothing. Meanwhile, Merlock has searched through the sacks, and is angered that the lamp is nowhere to be found. Figuring that Scrooge must have it, Merlock transforms into a bird, and flies off towards Duckburg. Back in Duckburg, Scrooge is still in a bad mood having lost the treasure. His secretary, Ms Featherby, shows that he has been invited to a special society part of treasure-seekers, but this supposed good news just further infuriates him, and he heads home. Back at the mansion, Webby is trying to polish her new tea pot (aka the lamp), when it starts hopping around. Suddenly, out of it's spout comes a genie. After talking with Webby and the Nephew, Webby makes the first wish: for a baby elephant. However, the genie chastises her that this can only lead to trouble. As is expected, Mrs Beakley finds out about the elephant and freaks out. One of the nephews wishes the elephant away to keep things under control. Scrooge almost finds out about the genie, but the nephews dress him in street clothes, and say his name is 'G.' After this incident, the group take the genie outside, where they wish for several things, including a miniature train, and a large ice cream sundae. That night, a shadow passing by the nephews' window spooks the genie, causing him to think Merlock has come for him. The genie then explains to the boys about his former master. Merlock was responsible for a number of disasters, including the sinking of Atlantis, and the volcanic explosion of Mt Vesuvius that buried the city of Pompeii. Also in Merlock's possession is a magic talisman, that gives him the ability to have unlimited wishes, as well as change form into any creature he chooses. The nephews assure genie that he'll be safe with them. However, the next day, Merlock and Dijon find Scrooge's mansion. Merlock infiltrates the mansion in the guise of a rat, spooking Mrs Beakley. Meanwhile, Webby also makes another wish, wishing for her stuffed animals to come to life. The mayhem soon creates quite a stir amid everyone, and one of the nephews uses his last wish to return the toys to normal. Though now, Scrooge knows genie's secret, and giddily crows about what he could wish for. Scrooge then wishes for the treasure of Collie Baba, and now in good spirits, decides to attend the societal function, demanding the genie come with him. The nephews and Webby decry this, but Scrooge refuses to listen to their pleas. Scrooge takes off for the function, with Merlock and Dijon following. At the social function, Scrooge happily takes to the stage, but is pulled away by the genie when he spots Merlock in the audience. Both the genie and Scrooge hide from Merlock, who turns into a bear, and then a bird. Once he leaves, Scrooge blames the genie for getting him into this mess. However, the genie tells of what his one wish is, which is to be free and live a life like Scrooge's nephews. Scrooge then tells the genie that they will get him to his vault in the money bin, which should be safe. However, in a mad dash out of the building, Scrooge bumps into a service trolley, and confuses the lamp with a gravy pourer. It is soon after that Dijon finds the lamp and giddily plans to turn it over to Merlock in exchange for the promised mountain of money that he dreams of. Not wanting to be in Merlock's possession, the genie tries to trick Dijon into thinking that he (Dijon) could be his own master. Scrooge and Launchpad take off for Duckburg. Upon arrival, Scrooge is shocked to find that Dijon has taken control of the money bin, and all his assets. The genie explains that he never expected Dijon to wish for Scrooge's fortune, as Scrooge is taken away and locked in jail. Scrooge's family comes to get him out, and they formulate a plan to break into the bin, and get the lamp and genie back. Unknown to them, Merlock has also returned to Duckburg, and has turned himself into a flying roach, following their every move. Scrooge manages to make it to Dijon's residence in the bin, but before he can retrieve the lamp, Merlock appears and takes possession of it. Now in control, his first wish turns Dijon into a squealing pig. His next wish is that the genie transform the bin into a fortress worthy of him. Against the genie's wishes and to the shock of Scrooge, the bin is transformed into a twisted, mountainous castle. Once the transformation is complete, Merlock wishes that his 'new home' be transported back to the desert where he lived. Scrooge angrily demands that Merlock stop what he's doing, only to have the sorcerer wish for Scrooge to be cast out of his home. The genie, against his own will, causes a violent wind storm meant to blow Scrooge off the castle, which is now several miles up in the air. As Merlock laughs, the nephews and Webby use the opportunity to knock the lamp out of his hands. One of them throws it to Scrooge, who misses it, and goes over the edge. Merlock turns into a griffin, and flies after the lamp. Upon claiming it, Scrooge scuffles with the sorcerer, who loses his talisman in the fight. Without it, Merlock returns to human form, and falls to his death. Scrooge manages to obtain the lamp, and wishes for his family and the bin to be returned to Duckburg. Back in Duckburg, Scrooge is overjoyed to have his fortune back, but realizes that he still must contend with the lamp. To prevent the lamp from falling into the wrong hands, Scrooge wishes for genie to become a real boy. Now that he's a real boy, the lamp disintegrates, and genie runs off to play with the nephews and Webby. Meanwhile, Scrooge goes to take a swim in his money bin, only to find Dijon (turned back from a pig because of Scrooge's wish to free the genie) making off with part of his fortune. Dijon high-tails it out of Scrooge's bin carrying off some of his fortune, as Scrooge then gives chase.
tt0099994
Horror,Thriller
In the beginning, we learn some more of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre's history. We learn that Sally Hardesty died of catatonia in 1977. We also learn that another family member that probably never appeared in the first one, W.E. Sawyer, of the cannibalistic clan was trialed and executed in 1981. During W.E.'s trial, the jury had came to the conclusion that since Leatherface was not taken into custody, they stated that it is unsure whether or not there is a Leatherface in reality. Now, taking place after the second movie, the year in the third installment is 1991. Chop Top didn't die at the end of Part 2 and is currently locked up in an asylum. Leatherface went off to live with some relatives along with Grandpa after the incident in 1987 as well. Leatherface continues along with his reign of terror as the killing machine he was before with the Sawyers keeping the Texas Chainsaw Massacre alive along with his relatives too. In the opening scenes, a young couple, Ryan and Michelle, are traveling from California to Florida in order to return a car they borrowed from a close relative, but "there's roadkill all over Texas". They are soon stopped near the interstate at a checkpoint due to an old cemetery desecration, which turned out to be a mass grave of 40-70 bodies just thrown into the one big hole. They are confronted by a Texas State Trooper who permits them to carry on but warns them not to stop on the road for anybody. After getting past the checkpoint, they stop at a service station owned by Alfredo Sawyer, a member of the cannibal family. After hitchhiking, Tex (a.k.a. Eddie Sawyer), stops at the service station as well, in time to give the kids some directions and to stop Alfredo from harassing Michelle who then gets in a fight with Tex saying that it's his place and he can do anything he wants to do there as he then grabs his shotgun and shoots Tex with it. As they leave the service station in a state of shock speeding away for dear life while they were shot at as well by Alfredo, Ryan tells Michelle that Tex gave him directions on where to go. Little did they know, it would lead them to Leatherface while another family member, Tinker Sawyer, tracks them down and knocks them off the road with his large 4-Wheel drive vehicle!!! Once knocked off the road by Tinker according to the family's plan, Ryan and Michelle change a tire that had popped during their get away, but run into Leatherface in the process. They manage to escape, but even more in a state of shock and panic. Due to their reactions towards the family, they end up running off the road again by Tex Sawyer who had found his way into the middle of the road they were getting onto and get hit by another car. The driver is a hunter and survialist by the name of Benny who recovers them from the scene of the crash and helps them. He tells them that his buddies were killed by the Sawyer family and he's out for revenge. After treating the couple, Benny heads on up the road back toward his truck finding Tinker who then tries to run him over. Benny jumps out of the way of Tinker's vehicle and falls down a hill nearby only to run into Leatherface. Benny fights off Leatherface and is saved by a young teenage girl who distracts Leatherface as Benny gets back on his knees. Leatherface ends up loosing the girl who goes back to be with Benny. The teen girl says that she was part of a group of people who were killed by the family as well. Benny comforts her and then goes back to where Ryan and Michelle were, since they weren't moving as much after the accident, but Ryan and Michelle had taken off from that place leaving the young girl alone and defenseless as she is killed by Leatherface due to how protected she was. Ryan is killed by Leatherface as he falls into a bear trap set up by the family telling Michelle to leave as Ryan is impaled by Leatherface's chainsaw. Michelle finds her way into a nearby house and finds a little girl who she follows to the girl's room. Once there, the girl shows Michelle her doll, Sally.... made out of the bones of a baby victim of the cannibal family!!!!! Michelle is all of a sudden grabbed by Tex who turns on the light in the girl's room revealing many human bones and remains as she is taken into the kitchen and nailed to a chair. Meanwhile, Benny, still outside in the woods, finds Alfredo who is disposing human remains in a nearby swamp and knocks him into it. Ryan's body is taken into the house and hanged on a machine built by Tinker, who is the real "brains" of the whole family when it comes to manufacturing. Mama Sawyer appears, who is a crippled old lady confided to a wheelchair and speaks through a voice box, and who cares for the deathly pale Grandpa Sawyer. (NOTICE: THIS NEXT SEQUENCE DESCRIBED IS DEPICTED IN ONLY THE UNRATED VERSION OF THE FILM! IF YOU DESIRE NOT TO READ THIS, SCROLL DOWN TO THE NEXT "NOTICE" I PLACED AT THE BOTTOM OF THE PAGE TO AVOID READING THE FOLLOWING EVENT IN THE PLOT AND TO ACKNOWLEDGE WHEN IT IS OVER DUE TO THE NEXT "NOTICE" POSTED ALERTING YOU!) Later on, the little girl (a.k.a. Leatherface's daughter), kills Ryan off after he was hanging on the newly-improved meathook machine bleeding to death as the little girl pulls a lever that releases a sledgehammer, which whacks him in the face. (NOTICE: THIS IS THE END OF THE DESCRIPTION OF THE UNRATED SEQUENCE OF THE FILM!) Now almost supper time, Leatherface (whom the family refers to as 'Junior') tries out a new chainsaw given to him by Tex with "the Saw is Family" carved on the bar of the bright golden chainsaw on Michelle. Luckily, she survives as Benny arrives outside the kitchen window firing an automatic M-16 rifle at the house, killing Mama Sawyer, Grandpa Sawyer, and eventually Tinker Sawyer all present at the table ready to eat Michelle. Michelle frees herself runs out of the house being chased by Leatherface and looses him as Tex swings an axe at Benny releasing gas from Tinker's car as Benny ignites up his lighter and throws it on the ground as it hits the gasoline killing Tex who burns to death. Michelle ends up running back into Leatherface right when Benny hits Leatherface into a swamp saving Michelle. Leatherface ends up knocking out Benny as he falls to the bottom of the swamp. Leatherface then grabs onto Michelle dragging her into the swamp with her, but she hits him over the head with a rock knocking him out as well as he then sinks to the bottom too. Michelle runs and finds a truck that belonged to Alfredo as it opens up and Benny gets out of the car and comforts her, but all of a sudden Benny is knocked over by Alfredo who is still alive due to only being thrown into a swamp. Michelle jumps into the truck, finds a shotgun, and shoots Alfredo with it killing him finally. Benny gets off his feet and gets back in the truck with Michelle as they drive off into freedom, but as this happens, Leatherface, who is still alive as well as his daughter, watches Benny and Michelle as they drive away.
tt0100436
Comedy,Drama,Music
Mark Hunter (Christian Slater) is an intelligent but shy teenager who has just moved to Arizona from the East Coast. Mark has inner demons he has a hard time dealing with. Mark's father, Brian Hunter (Scott Paulin), who runs the school district, and his mother, Marla Hunter (Mimi Kennedy), try to help him but only push him away. His parents give him a short-wave radio so he can talk to his pals back east, but instead he sets up shop as angry pirate deejay Hard Harry. His broadcasts consist of music, obscenity, cynical observations, reading letters, and call-ins. His listeners include students of Hubert Humphrey high school, and a teacher, Ms. Emerson (Ellen Greene). The school is run by corrupt principal Loretta Creswood (Annie Ross), who weeds out underachieving kids to keep the school's SAT scores high as false testimony to her competence. By exposing hard truths, Harry becomes a reluctant hero to all the students in the school. Nora Diniro (Samantha Mathis), whose letters to Harry's show have been read on the air many times, learns his real identity but keeps his secret. Harry and Nora awkwardly form a tentative relationship. Caller Malcolm Kaiser (Anthony Lucero) wants to commit suicide and Harry does little to talk him out of it. When Malcolm actually kills himself, Harry feels bad that he didn't do anything to help him. He talks openly to his audience about being a teenager and suicidal feelings. Due to Malcolm's death and Harry-inspired chaos breaking out at the school, the FCC is called in to shut down the station. As they get closer to discovering his location, Harry loads his transmitter into a vehicle and continues to broadcast on the move. Harry's dad finally learns from Ms. Emerson about Miss Creswood's shady actions, and suspends her. When the FCC rolls up to arrest Harry and take him away, he tells his listeners not to give up, to live, and to "talk hard". Inspired by his example to tell the truth no matter how ugly it is, some students start their own pirate radio stations. (some info from summary by Denise P. Meyer and comment by jeffman52001)
tt0093137
Action,Drama,Thriller
The movie opens with a still photo of 3rd Squad, 1st Platoon: Rifleman Pvt. Vincent Languilli (Anthony Barree) Rifleman Pvt. Ray Motown (Michael Patrick Boatman) Rifleman/Machine gunner Pvt. David Washburn (Don Cheadle) Radioman Pvt. Harry Murphy (Michael Dolan) 3rd Squad XO Pvt. Elliott McDaniel (Don James) 3rd Squad Leader SSgt. Adam Frantz (Dylan McDermott) Rifleman Pvt. Paul Galvan (M.A. Nickles) Machine gunner Pvt. Michael Duffy (Harry O'Reilly) Rifleman/Machine gunner Pvt. Frank Gaigan (Daniel O'Shea) Rifleman/Grenade launcher Pvt. Joseph Beletsky (Tim Quill) Rifleman/Machine gunner Pvt. Martin Bienstock (Jimmy Swerdlow) Medical Specialist Abraham 'Doc' Johnson (Courtney B. Vance) Platoon Sgt FC Dennis Worcester (Steven Weber) Platoon leader Lt. Terry Eden (Tegan West) All of them from the 101st Airborne Division A pan of the Vietnam War monument in DC segues to an American army squad in combat in Vietnam. A soldier is blown in the air, Sergeants Frantz and Worcester arrange an air evac. The wounded man dies in the helo as Doc tries to keep him conscious. A plane drops a load of white phosphorous. South Vietnam, 1969. Near a village, Languilli tries to chat up a local lady while his mates joke around in the deuce and a 1/2. Platoon Sergeant SFC Worcester gets him on the truck. Sgt. Frantz arrives in a jeep, the truck drives off. Frantz recounts his R&R leave with a "roundeye" nurse. Worcester teases the new guys on wearing flak jackets, he also mentions the A Shau Valley. Near another bustling village the men disembark. Worcester tells Frantz he is getting the new guys while he has to break in a new lieutenant. The men dig trenches in the sun and mud. The new guys are happy and joke around. Languilli makes an offcolor comment about Beletsky's wife and the two scuffle, then shake hands. Worcester and Frantz visit a brothel and enjoy a hottub with two prostitutes. Worcester is a little tense as the four discuss the war, Frantz is cool and relaxed. Lt. Eden has the five new troops fill out forms. Doc tours the village with two fellow African-Americans, they greet Frantz cheerfully. Rumor has it they are going back into the A Shau Valley to engage the NVA at their hilltop outposts near the Lao border. McDaniel is a short timer and would like a rear echelon posting. Doc teaches the five new guys how to brush their teeth and reams out Beletsky for being too casual. The squad relaxes in the morning at the trenches. Worcester hints they will be going back to A Shau. Frantz tries to teach the new guys about the enemy Han, the North Vietnamese Army, and not to underestimate Mr. Nathanial Victor. Later the troop play in the water. A civvie RV trailer is towed into camp, Languilli and Galvan joke with the driver. At lunchtime the men chat and talk about being back home. McDaniel is optimistic about returning home, Motown is pessimistic and tells a story of going back to Detroit on emergency leave. Beletsky tries to join in the conversation but is shot down by Doc. Languilli and Galvan plan on how to have sex with the locals. Duffy meditates when incoming rounds from enemy artillery make the men scramble for cover. As the arty rounds shake the ground, a girl cries for her dead mother. When the enemy artillery fire ceases, Frantz calls for ceasefire. Doc cries out for a dead soldier, a new guy. That evening, the men are at Mama San's brothel lining up for their turns, drinking, dancing and playing cards. Doc is drunk and starts a fight with Languilli. The Italian is upset everyone calls him "alphabet". Worcester confirms they are going back to the A Shau Valley at dawn to engage the North Vietnamese Army. The next morning, a squadron of Huey helicopters comes to pick up the Airborne troops. They fly toward a mountainous valley. The men are tense and quiet. They jump off at the LZ and the helos fly away. It is May 10, 1969. (Day 1 of the the Battle for Hamburger Hill) The platoon walks warily through a jungle. Firing breaks out and they hit the ground. The sergeants get them moving forward. McDaniel is killed but the enemy withdraws. Washburn is put on point. At break the men relax, reading magazines and letters, playing cards. Frantz is sad because one man was killed. Doc is angry and Motown calms him down with "It don't mean nothin, not a thing". Lt. Eden and the sergeants discuss their orders, they are moving out at 0800 to drive the enemy off Hill 937 where they have congregated. May 11 (Day 2). SFC Worcester keeps them moving as an observation helo cruises overhead. Enemy mortar rounds start to fall around them. American artillery pounds the hill in response. Later, a sudden rainstorm hits as the men are packing body bags. At night the new guys chat and have hot chocolate, Frantz joins them. They listen to Radio Hanoi, telling them to quit fighting. The battle continues in the distance. A few days later, Frantz wakes them up as another platoon returns. Up the hill there is furious small arms combat. It is May 15. They fight hand-to-hand with the enemy NVA troops. Jets come in and bombard the top of the hill with a mixture of bombs and napalm. The NVA soldiers take cover in their bunkers. The platoon overruns an enemy bunker and keeps crawling up the hill. U.S. Army Hueys fly overhead and accidentally shoot down at their own troops. Lt. Eden frantically tries to radio in to stop them. More deaths. Again the jets naplam the hilltop as the platoon falls back down the hill to take a break. Lt. Eden tries to arrange for more supply of food and water. Motown lets Beletsky use his cassette player to listen to a heartfelt audio letter from his wife Claire. Beletsky gets upset as the batteries run down and makes a racist comment and scuffles with Motown. May 16. The fighting continues as the unit assaults Hill 937 yet again. Doc resets a dislocated shoulder and keeps the man moving. At lunch break, the men once again chat and read letters. Bienstock gets a Dear John from his girl that she is breaking up with him on the advice of her friends who feel it is amoral to date a military serviceman. May 17. The unit keeps moving up and facing constant gunfire. Coming back down the hill after a hard day's work they are met by a news film crew taunting them about their failed assaults on Hill 937. Frantz angrily tells them off saying that they are going to take the hill. As the squad relaxes, they discuss black and white issues back home. Doc and Beletsky finally reach an accord. Frantz reveals a bit about himself. May 18. The squad crawls up the hill for another assault in the pouring rain, which is now a blasted, muddy wasteland. Gaigan dies, Doc is in tears and is shot in the abdomen. The Americans struggle on the slippery slope and fall backwards in a mudslide. Later, Doc is drugged up and ready for medevac, feeling no pain, happy he's going home. Lt. Eden reports the CO "Black Jack" wants them to keep manouevering aggressively, the squad is quiet and sombre. SFC Worcester laments on the feelings of the people back home. He recounts when he was medevac'd back home the previous year he encountered some college hippies' negativism. "Don't mean nothing". Worcester tells them how after he returned to his hometown, he encountered anger from people everywhere, including his own wife whom was shamelessly cheating on him because U.S. Army troops are known as "baby killers" or just "killers" by the hostile American public having been completely consumed by the anti-war movement. His alienation caused him to re-enlist for another tour of duty. May 20. Once more the squad goes into the front lines for an all-out assault on the hill. During the fighting, the men are close enough to see the faces of the NVA soldiers returning fire. Lt. Eden is twitted by his CO to fight not talk, he then loses an arm as a motar round lands closeby. Worcester gives him a shot of morphine. The Americans charge up the hill to take out the bunkers. SFC Worcester walks in from the smoke, in a stupor and covered in blood, he dies in Frantz' arms. In a crater, Motown is found dead. Beletsky tries to buck up a stunned Frantz. Still they move up the steep hill. Bienstock is riddled with bullets. Near the ridgeline, Languilli is bayoneted by an enemy soldier and dies. Again, Frantz is stunned. The NVA soldier who kills Languilli is killed by Frantz. Beletsky rallies the platoon to keep moving. Crawling to the top, blasting the few surviving NVA solders where they are, Frantz rests and is joined by Beletsky and Washburn... the only other survivors of the squad whom have made it through. The battle is won as other American soldiers walk up and a Huey flies over the killing fields. The North Vietnamese soldiers have withdrawn. Someone posts a sign "Welcome to Hamburger Hill". Beletsky ignores the radio call from the CO, "Red 6" requesting a sitrep. A disclaimer in the final shot says that 70 American soldiers were killed or later died of wounds and 372 were wounded during the 11-day battle for Hamburger Hill. 1st Platoon suffered 70% casualties during the nine assaults on the hill. Around 500 to 600 NVA soldiers were also killed during the battle. Hill 937 was nicknamed 'Hamburger Hill' because enemy gunfire from the NVA defending the hill was so intense that it turned the attacking soldiers into hamburger meat. In June 1969, three weeks after winning the battle, the American soldiers departed from the A Shau Valley... allowing the North Vietnamese to return to re-occupy the hill, which maked the end of U.S. offensives into enemy territory and the start of the pullout from Vietnam.
tt0084809
Comedy
Jack Brown (Richard Pryor) is an unemployed newspaper reporter living in Baton Rouge, Louisiana who is in danger of losing his house to the bank since he and his wife, Angela (Annazette Chase), cannot make their mortgage. After numerous unsuccessful attempts to get a job working for the local paper, The Bugle, he becomes so desperate that he ends up taking a job as a "cleaning lady" for U.S. Bates (Jackie Gleason), an uptight and ruthless businessman who owns the paper and many other businesses in Louisiana. Jack is humiliated as he clumsily attempts to serve food at a luncheon. He is fired, but quickly lands a part-time job as a janitor in a department store owned by Bates. The following evening, "Master" Eric Bates (Scott Schwartz), the 10-year-old, spoiled-and-rotten, brat son of the boss, arrives home from the military academy where he attends and his father sends him to the store and he is told that he "can have anything he wants in the store". Amused at seeing Jack goof around in the store's toy section, Eric informs his father's long-suffering right-hand man, Sydney Morehouse (Ned Beatty), that what he wants is Jack Brown himself. Morehouse fails to convince Eric that human beings cannot be owned. Jack is literally "boxed up" and taken to the large Bates mansion that sits on the outskirts of the city. At first, Jack refuses to have any interaction with the brat Eric, but Bates offers him a deal: in exchange for a generous financial settlement, Jack reluctantly agrees to be Eric's live-in friend during Eric's one-week spring break from military school. Emotionally estranged from his father, Eric takes a liking to Jack but still manages to humiliate him with numerous pranks during the first day and night. After a particularly humiliating incident in the mansion incited by Bates' ditsy and floozy, much younger trophy wife Fancy (Teresa Ganzel), who literally introduces him at a dinner party as Eric's new "toy," Jack grows tired of the situation and leaves. The next day, Jack agrees to return only when U.S. Bates (with Morehouse as his proxy) offers Jack so much money to be Eric's live-in friend for one week, that Jack will not only pay back the bank and numerous bill collectors, but Jack will be able to pay back the entire mortgage on his house as well. Jack returns to the Bates estate, determined to teach Eric how a friend is supposed to be treated. Over the next several days, they slowly bond while participating in mini-cart racing, video games, and even fishing in a stream filled with piranha. Both Jack and Eric begin to open up to one another with stories about their personal lives. Jack tells Eric about him growing up poor and having to look out for oneself. Eric tells Jack about his mother's death when he was very young which his grumpy father tries to forget about by putting all his time in work and leaving no time for anything else while marrying again and again. Over time, Jack sees that Eric isn't the "bad seed" that he puts out to people, but just a mistreated and neglected boy who wants attention and whom is spoiled by his father. Used to getting things his way since all his father ever does is give him gifts and money (calling it love and affection) Eric throws fits when things do not go his way. Eric is so spoiled and hyper-competitive that he enjoys beating Jack at video games, mini-cart racing and board games a little too much. One day, when Jack begins winning at a two-person basketball game, Eric, seeing that he is losing, refuses to play anymore and walks off the court. When Jack scolds Eric for quitting because he is losing asks if he would like to tell Eric's father that he is a quitter as well as a sore loser. Eric replies with the most touching and dramatic line in the movie: "my father doesn't care what I am... as long as I stay out of his way." Another day later, Jack and Eric decide to start a newspaper of their own for fun. After witnessing multiple examples of Bates' cruelty to his housekeeping staff and workers, they dig up dirt on him, such as a story of how he won his elderly and long-suffering butler, Barkley (Wilfrid Hyde-White), in a game of billiards. Jack and Eric then break into Bates newspaper office after-hours as well as the factory to print their paper, but get discovered by the police. At a police station, Eric manages to create a diversion by setting off some firecrackers creating confusion and panic in which Jack and Eric quietly walk out of their jail cell, and out of the front door. Afterwards, Jack and Eric publish their paper, titled 'The Toy' and distribute free copies of it throughout the city. Morehouse finds a copy and, being the ever loyal toady that he is, shows it to Bates and he is outraged. Bates quickly calls Jack and Eric to his office to confront them both, but he keeps his anger in check. Bates orders Jack and Eric to shut down their paper which he sees as humiliating to him and the Bates dynasty. However, Eric is unapologetic and wants to continue the paper. To prove to his son that money can buy anything (including loyalty), Bates offers Jack a reporting job with his newspaper at the end of the week... which is what Jack wanted all along. When Jack accepts, Eric becomes upset and runs out of the office. Outside, Eric scolds Jack for selling out as all of the people that Bates does business with. Jack tells the boy that most men (especially disenfranchised African-American men such as himself) need jobs, just as his priority is to support himself and his wife. At the climax, an swanky outdoor party is held at the Bates estate, attended by prominent citizens who are supporters of a senator (Ray Spruell). They are unaware that members of the KKK are also in attendance. Jack's wife, Angela, tries to bring attention to this with her anti-Klan group that are camped on the Bates mansion in a protest demonstration, but Jack convinces her to leave. He learns the true reason for the party is to get the KKK Grand Wizard (Orwin Harvey) and Senator Newcomb together in a picture, which Bates would then use to blackmail the senator. Senator Newcomb's daughter Honey Russell (Linda McCann) is also in attendance at the party and is accompanied by her husband (Stocker Fontelieu) who is a local district attorney investing Bates for shady business deals and corruption, in which Bates is also hoping to get D.A. Russell a photo op with the Grand Wizard to blackmail him too to stop his investigation of his business activities. Jack and Eric team up one last time to disrupt the party and they crash the events on their mini go-carts where Jack announces to everyone about the Grand Wizard's identity. Jack embarrasses the Grand Wizard by causing him to fall into a bowl of chocolate fudge. The Grand Wizard throws a pie at Jack, but hits a policeman instead, leading to his arrest. Chaos ensues which leads to Jack and Eric driving their mini-carts around the party, knocking down tents, ruining displays, and people jumping out of the path of Jack and Eric's mini-carts into various desert trays which leads to a huge pie-throwing fight among the guests. Bates chases after Jack in a golf cart but ends up crashing into the pool. Jack saves him from drowning since Bates cannot swim, and it seems all is forgiven. That evening with the week up, Jack packs up and returns to his neighborhood to his wife, riding away on a bicycle while Eric sadly waves goodbye. The next day, while riding with Eric in a limousine to the airport to return to military school, Bates tries desperately to have a heart-to-heart talk with his son, but he is not very good at it. All Eric talks about is Jack and that he misses him. Bates tells Eric to forget about Jack. While on the runway to board Bates' private jet, Eric runs off, making his way to Jack's house. Jack refuses to let Eric live with him and gently admonishes Eric to give his father a chance. Bates shows up and offers the newspaper job to Jack again and promises Eric that next year for spring break he can spend one week with him and one with Jack, much to Eric's joy. After they leave, the senator's daughter, Honey Russell, shows up in another limo informing Jack that Fancy has recommended him to look after her son, Eugene, for a few weeks who is home from his own military academy on spring break. Eugene (Davis Hotard) peeks out from the top window and shoots Jack in the forehead with a toy dart... revealing that he is MORE spoiled and obnoxious then Eric. A crazed Jack runs away down the road in fear over this 'here-we-go-again' situation as the end credits roll.
tt0089601
Comedy,Romance
Jonathan is the clumsy one both at schools and with girls. Then Gene comes to town with his motorcycle and attitude and changes all that. The two boys become friends in the Fifties when things were definitely simpler. They face problems with girls, parents and bullies together.
tt0091777
Comedy
The movie begins in a large garage structure, where Captain Proctor (Lance Kinsey) and Commandant Mauser (Art Metrano) (from Police Academy 2) meet up with former Police Academy cadets, (now Sgts.) Chad Copeland (Scott Thomson) and Kyle Blankes (Brant van Hoffman) (from the first Police Academy movie). It seems one of the two Police Academy schools is getting the axe, and Mauser wants Copeland and Blankes to make sure that Lassard's one screws up. The next day, after the governor's speech in which he will appoint a committee to evaluate which of the two schools should remain open, Mauser starts getting an edge by kissing up to the governor (offering the committee an escort, showing governor pages of useful tactics, etc.). Nearby, the elderly and slow-witted Commandant Lassard (George Gaynes) gets an idea on how to win: along with now Sgt. Jones (Michael Winslow) and Lt. Callahan (Leslie Easterbrook), he calls back his former class of '84 alumni misfits; Sgt. Mahoney (Steve Guttenberg), Sgt. Hightower (Bubba Smith), and Sgt. Tackleberry (David Graf) to the acdemy to help train the new recruits. Among the new recruits are Sgt. Fackler's wife (Debralee Scott), the nerdish store owner Sweetchuck (Tim Kazurinsky) (from Police Academy 2), former street gang leader Zed (Bobcat Goldthwait) (also from Police Academy 2), Karen Adams (Shawn Weatherly), and Tackleberry's brother-in-law Bud Kirkland (Andrew Paris). Tomoko Nogata (Brian Tochi) is a slow-witted Japanese recruit of Mauser's academy, but decides to put him in with Lassard's academy instead. After a few weeks of recruiting, Nogata is lovestruck over Callahan, and Sweetchuck contemplates quitting after his roommate Zed drives him crazy (although Tackleberry talks him out of it). Copeland and Blankes make the recruits do stuff that would make the committee think they were hopeless. Mauser wants them out on the field soon, knowing the committee will be there. The recruits fail, and are teased by Mauser and Proctor. However, Mahoney gets back at them by taping Mauser's eyes closed while doing a taste test. Proctor succeeds in removing the tape, but the tape pulls off Mauser's eyebrows. Both Lassard and Mahoney give a pep talk to each of the cadets before training resumes. At the policeperson's ball, Mahoney meets up with his hooker friend from the first film and has her do a favor on Proctor after he insults Mahoney and Adams. Copeland accidentally spills punch on Mrs. Hurst, and Mauser tries to inferfere. Meanwhile, the hooker tricks Proctor into removing all his clothes and then locking him out of the hotel room (much to the dismay of onlookers). He goes out and steals a car and drives to the academy. The car is out of gas, however, and Proctor enters a building. However, the building he walks into is the gay dance club for men called the Blue Oyster Bar (briefly seen in the first two films). The next day, Mauser insults Lassard in front of the recruits by telling him that he is winning (after he pestered Hurst so much that Hurst made him believe he was winning), so Mahoney gets him back by giving a speech at the ball and then putting the microphone in a pitcher of water. When Mauser grabs it, it electrocutes him. On the final day of the cadet training/evaluation competition, one person from each school attends the governor's ball. (Proctor misunderstands and sends in two, one of whom portrayed by David James Elliott) Copeland and Blankes play with the computer system as cars are sent to wrong locations, but are caught by Hooks who punches them out cold. At the governor's party, a gang of thieves dressed as busboys kidnap Hedges and take the governor hostage. but the squad arrives in time to save the day and rescue the governor. Lassard's school stays open, and the epilogue shows Commandant Lassard making a speech on how the academy is grateful for the "many, many" recruits. The graduating class salutes to the camera before the movie ends.
tt0104839
Adventure,Drama,Romance
A pharmaceutical company sends biochemist Dr. Rae Crane into the Amazonian Rainforest to check on Dr. Robert Campbell after he cuts off outside contact, his wife and research partner having left him. Crane is bringing supplies (everything from golf balls to a gas chromatograph), but Campbell is upset that he was not given the research partner he had requested. He tries to send her home but Crane dismisses Campbell's attempts to spurn her, as her job is to evaluate whether the company should continue funding his research. Campbell reveals to her shock that he has found a cure for cancer, but that subsequent attempts to recreate the formula have failed.They wondered why peak 37 is not seen in the chromatograph. With the initial successful serum running dangerously low, Campbell has isolated a mysterious chemical compound connected to a species of flower and with Crane's help is determined to find its source. Time is of the essence, as a nearby logging company is building a road that is headed straight for the village. Campbell refuses to ask the pharmaceutical company for help, fearing that they would send in more researchers from the outside world, unintentionally wiping out the native population with exposure to foreign diseases. Campbell reveals that a similar event previously had happened when he was conducting field research for a new pain reliever. He feels guilt at causing the death of an entire village, revealing that his wife left because he would not let her forgive him. A small boy shows symptoms of malignant neoplasms that will kill him if not treated. The boy's father takes him to find the village's previous medicine man, from whom Campbell had originally learned about the existence of the flowers. Campbell's presence caused the medicine man to feel overshadowed and leave. He is reluctant to face the medicine man again, but Crane convinces him they must. Campbell first rescues Crane from a fall, then locates the medicine man. Campbell is forced to fight him in an attempt to soothe the medicine man's hurt pride and gain information. Unhappily, the medicine man reveals that the flowers have no "juju." As a consolation, the father and ill son do agree to return. Back at the village, Crane refuses to let Campbell use the last of the serum on the boy until they have managed to synthesize more of it. Faced with the prospect of letting a child die, Crane's conscience overcomes her hesitation. She saves the boy with the last of the working serum. The next morning, the boy is better but the village is in tumult. The logging road has nearly reached it. Campbell appeals to the company's workers to halt construction until he can conclude his research, but they refuse to stop the bulldozers without more conclusive proof. In desperation after their new samples fail to reveal the missing compound, Crane runs the chromatograph one more time. She accidentally discovers that the source of the cure is not the flower but a species of rare, indigenous ant. Campbell rushes to stop the construction. A fight results in a bulldozer catching fire, burning down the village and the research post along with many acres of rain forest. The next day, Crane promises to send Campbell new equipment and his originally requested research assistant. She is about to return home when she meets the old medicine man. He symbolically passes on his mantle to Campbell, and she accepts an invitation to continue working with Campbell in exchange for co-credit for the discovery.
tt0088850
Comedy
Montgomery "Monty" Brewster (Richard Pryor) is a second-rate minor league baseball pitcher with the Hackensack Bulls. One night after winning a game, Monty and his best friend, the Bulls' catcher, Spike Nolan (John Candy), are flirting with two women at a local bar. When they try to leave with them, they're confronted by two large men who claim they are the women's husbands. Monty and Spike are punched out by the men and a large bar brawl starts. They are later arrested and thrown in jail. Their coach, Charley, tells them that management has decided to kick them off the team. In court, Monty tries to explain the fight to the judge, who is wholly unsympathetic. A photographer that had been following Monty (whom Monty thought may be a professional baseball scout) suddenly rises and tells the judge that he represents an unidentified party that will post bail for both Monty and Spike if they plead guilty. The photographer, J.B. Donaldo (Joe Grifasi) takes Monty and Spike to New York City with him. At the Manhattan law office of Granville & Baxter, Brewster is told that his recently deceased great-uncle Rupert Horn (Hume Cronyn), whom he has never met, has left him his entire fortune because Monty is his only living blood relative (by way of Monty's grandmother, Rupert's half-sister), but with several conditions. Rupert's last will is on film and features the wheezy and ill-tempered Rupert himself. He relates a story from his youth where his father made him smoke a whole box of cigars to punish him for smoking just one. Rupert tells Monty that he wants to teach Monty to hate spending money. Monty will be given $30 million to spend in 30 days. If he's successful, he'll be awarded the full inheritance of $300 million. Brewster is challenged to either take $1 million upfront (as part of a 'Wimp' clause). If he chooses the former, the law firm becomes executor of the estate and divides the money among various charities (after taking a sizable fee). In the latter case, he must spend the entire $30 million within one month under the following rules: 1.) With the exception of those who witnessed the will reading, whom are the firm's two senior partners George Granville (David White) and Norris Baxter (Jerome Dempsey) and Rupert's estate lawyer Edward Roundfield (Pat Hingle), Brewster cannot reveal to anyone the will's terms. He may only tell everyone else he inherited $30 million. Rupert doesn't want anyone directly helping Monty in his quest. 2.) Brewster must spend the money on tangible items. If anything he buys accrues value, such as an investment or property that earns money, that is considered part of the money he inherited and he must spend that as well. 3.) Directly giving away money is capped at 10%, split between 5% in gambling losses and another 5% maximum to be donated to charity. 4.) Brewster may not willfully damage or destroy anything he buys with the money. 5.) After 30 days, he must be penniless and may not own any assets that are not already his (in other words, nothing but "the clothes on his back"). If any of these rules are violated, the challenge is forfeited. Also, any remaining money that he has left after 30 days will go to the law firm and Brewster will be left with nothing. Despite the tempting offer just to "wimp out" and walk away with a one-time payment of $1 million, especially after the law firm reveals that they already did a background check on him and showed that the highest annual salary he ever earned was $11,000-a-year while a member of the Toledo Mud Hens, Monty decides to take the $30 million challenge. After leaving the offices, Monty goes to a bank across the street where the money is waiting for him. He appoints Spike as the vice president of an investment corporation he's building and hires one of the bank's security guards as his personal guard for the next month. He also asks to rent the bank vault where the cash is stored and is granted a 30-day lease and refuses an account that will earn him interest. On the street, Monty hires a Russian taxi driver (Yakov Smirnov) to be his personal driver. He has the driver rent a fleet of limousines and other drivers. He takes everyone in earshot out for an expensive dinner in Manhattan. At dinner he talks with the accountant that Granville and Baxter have assigned to him, Angela Drake (Lonette McKee), an attractive woman and law student clerking in the firm, who Monty is instantly smitten with. Monty tries to convince her that he's not another newly rich snob and asks her out, thinking he can hire someone to do her work for her. He is coldly rebuffed by Angela, who has a fiance, Warren (a junior partner at the law firm). Monty rents a large penthouse in the Plaza Hotel and a large amount of office space in the same building, beating the rental fee proposed by another renter. He has also hired a couple of high-priced tailors to make custom suits for him, renting the clothes themselves. With the salary that Monty is paying him, Spike fixes himself up. Down in the new office that Monty is renting, he meets Angela's boyfriend Warren (Stephen Collins) and his former girlfriend Margaret, whom Monty has hired to redecorate the office space. Unknown to anyone, Granville and Baxter have slyly charged Warren with spying on Monty to make sure he does not complete the challenge so they can get his millions for themselves. In Monty's office over the next few days, are hundreds of people looking to either do business with Monty or scam him. One man has an investment offer; a large iceberg will be outfitted with giant engines and be sailed to the Middle East where the ice will be used to supply water to the farmers in the region. Monty is also allowed to gamble 5% of his $30 million, so he hires a bookie to bet on every long shot he can. Monty calls his old Bulls coach and tells him he plans to fix up their old playing field in Hackensack and that he'll arrange a three-inning exhibition game where the Bulls will play the New York Yankees. Monty continues his spending campaign for a few weeks. One night he's inspired by an idea from Spike to invest in expensive items like stamps. Monty goes to a fine collectibles store and asks to see the most expensive stamp the owner has. The stamp is the infamous Inverted Jenny which Monty buys for $1,250,000. Granville and Baxter read the story in the newspaper, thinking Monty has violated the terms of the will. Baxter finds a postcard in the daily mail that has a photo of the Hackensack Bulls and a bland message from Monty. After a few moments, Baxter realizes that Monty has used the Inverted Jenny stamp to mail the card, thereby making it their property and devaluing it. Both men are furious and have a private meeting with Warren where they show him the will (the conditions of not revealing the $30 million spending plan in 30 days does not apply to the others of the will reading). They then order him to cause a small error in bookkeeping amounting to $20,000 that will be discovered at the last moment. They promise Warren that he'll be made full partner and that Monty's real $300 million inheritance will go to the firm. Spike and the rest of Monty's friends and associates become very worried about Monty's frivolous spending and try to convince him to curtail it. When Monty finds out that the iceberg investment has turned out to be lucrative, he immediately wants to sell his stock in it. Moments later the bookie he hired storms in and tells him he's won a large amount of money on all the long shot bets he placed and that he's banned from any more gambling in New York. Monty decides to donate the money he won to charity (he's also allowed to donate 5% of the $30 million). Spike and his financial adviser, Eugene (David Wohl), both rush into Monty's office one day with exciting news. Spike had invested a large amount of Monty's money in a venture and earned Monty's company $10 million. Monty becomes upset, realizing that he's "right back where he started" and orders everyone out of his office. On television, he sees a news commentary about New York's upcoming mayoral election. The reporter says that his news station has chosen not to endorse either of the sleazy candidates. Monty enters the race himself, declaring a ticket called "None of the Above" where he wants to buy the votes of New York. The campaign involves a large amount of advertising, staffing and televised ads and drains much of the $30 million in a short amount of time. Monty is unabashed in attacking his opponents openly, insulting them publicly in media spots. When Monty's two opponents, Heller and Salvino, figure out that Monty's campaign could defeat them both, they both agree to sue him for libel. Monty settles out of court for $4 million. Meanwhile, Angela has grown increasingly cold toward Monty, thinking he's foolish for spending the $30 million so rapidly. Earlier, Monty had tried to give her a new Aston-Martin convertible -- a violation of the will that Monty can't tell Angela about. While he talks to her on the street, he's overseen by both Warren and Margaret, who mistakenly assume Monty and Angela are having an affair. The day of the big Bulls vs Yankees game arrives. At the game, the Bulls start out doing very well against the Yankees, until the Yanks fight back and defeat the Bulls. After the game, Roundfeld approaches Monty in the locker room and tells him that he is actually leading the election for mayor at the polls, but that if he wins the election, the $60,000 annual salary given to him as mayor could be considered an asset in accordance with the will. Monty announces to the crowd that he's withdrawing from the election. He also invites everyone to a final party which he'll pay for with his last $38,000. At the party, Monty plans to get very drunk. Spike and Melvin take up a small collection to give to Monty so he won't be flat broke. Monty refuses the money. Spike suggests that he and Monty buy a nice sports car and leave New York for a new life. Monty still turns him down. Alienated, Spike walks away from Monty for good. The next morning (on the 30th day), the landlord for Monty's office and penthouse politely evicts him. The tailors take back all the clothes he rented and he finds his old Chicago Cubs jersey in the closet. Monty leaves the Plaza in his old street clothes and wanders off into Manhattan... alone. That evening, a local newscaster (Peter Jason), wondering where Monty has vanished to after declaring that he is now flat broke, announces that the mayoral race will be held again in a run-off election after primary election results showed that Monty's campaign had worked to sink the campaigns of Heller and Salvino, with the voters indeed voted for "none of the above". The run-off election will be held in a few days with neither Heller or Salvino running for office ever again. At 11:50 pm, Monty reappears at Granville & Baxter that night to finalize the will, not a dime to his name. Before he enters the meeting with the two, he's stopped by Warren who eagerly gives him the $20,000 he'd withheld. Monty is immediately upset, believing he'd lost and, with the clock about to strike the midnight deadline, agrees to sign whatever paperwork the two men have. While Warren watches, Angela suddenly appears. Warren discloses the conditions of Monty's will and shows her the furniture company receipt she'd missed for the money he'd given Monty. Angela is furious and rushes in to stop Monty from turning over the money to the firm, saying that Warren had cheated him, drawing an immediate termination from her boss. Warren tells Monty and Angela that he'd suspected they'd been having an affair all along and Angela tries to hit him. Monty stops her and punches Warren himself, which Warren promises to sue him for. When offered an out-of-court settlement for the money he'd been given, Warren refuses. Monty suddenly decides to hire Angela on retainer for $20,000. She frantically writes him a receipt by the stroke of midnight and Roundfeld declares Monty's inheritance complete. He also promises to investigate Granville and Baxter for any wrongdoing for revealing to Warren the terms of the will. Monty and Angela leave the office together where they agree to talk about his legal options and of his new inheritance.
tt0107497
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
A young college coed is leaving school for the day. She jumps on her bike and heads home. Upon arriving, she calls out to her cat to come for her meal. She spies the cat cowering under a table, growling softly. Just as she comes close to reassure her cat, a mysterious figure comes out from the shadow and violently attacks her. Quick cut to college professor Andy Safian (Bill Pullman) and Detective Dana Harris (Bebe Neuwirth) at the hospital discussing the ongoing problems with campus security. Jed Hill (Alec Baldwin), the new surgeon at St. Agnes hospital works feverishly to save the girl, even though he is told "we're going to lose her." The surgery is successful. In the locker room, Hill tells the surgeon who made the comment that while he wants to make new friends, if he ever says something like that again, he will "remove (his) lungs with a f***ing ice cream scoop." Andy and Jed meet to discuss the girl's condition. After a moment, Andy realizes that he knew him from their old high school, Van Buren. They hope to see each other around. Andy goes to see his wife, Tracy Kessinger (Nicole Kidman), at work. As they talk in the elevator, Dr. Hill steps in with a colleague. They are invited to a reception to welcome Jed to the hospital. They politely decline and leave. As they walk along the street, they talk about the new plumbing for their Victorian house will cost them $14,000. Tracy suggests renting out the third floor to a tenant, but Andy refuses. He also suggests that she be very careful coming home from work, a maniac being on the loose. When she arrives home. Andy notices his wife getting out of the car with a man, who gives her a gentle peck on the cheek. She had told him she was coming home with a woman. She claims the man is a lawyer who is handling old buisness with her mother's estate. Andy apologizes. Later they are eating Chinese food in bed and she seductively feeds him and she gently gyrates on his lap. They begin to have sex, when Andy quickly turns off the light, noticing their next door neighbor's young son is watching them. (He assumes this because of the silhouette in the window). Tracy doesn't seem bothered by it, since the mother works nights and the boy might just be lonely. The next morning, Andy is sanding the stair railing, and is surprised by Jed's appearance in the front doorway. They have a pleasant conversation and Jed invites him to go out for a drink. Jed happens to point out a Degas statue and asks if it's the real thing. Andy assumes it is. As they are drinking, Andy lets it slip that his wife has been having trouble getting pregnant. He mentions a doctor named Lillianfield that Tracy has been going to. Jed says he "is a good man." When he gets home, he suggests to Tracy that Jed take the third floor as a tenant. Tracy does not seem thrilled with the idea, even suggesting that Andy is doing it to relive his high school years again, hanging with the star quarterback. When she finds out that Andy discussed her problem with Jed, she is annoyed, but not mad. She gives in and says it's OK for Jed to move in. The doorbell rings and she asks Andy if he wants to bet if it's Jed. He says no. "Because when money is involved, you take me seriously," she mutters. Detective Harris comes in while Andy is in the middle of a session with Paula Bell (Gwenyth Paltrow). He asks his secretary to make sure she gets a wake up call in order to not miss her next class. Harris tells Andy that not much progress is being made on getting the rapist. Andy laments that he is tired of seeing students leaving the school for fear of their safety. She asks for a list of people who have access to the student's schedules. Tracy comes home and prepares to take a bath. Her pain shoots up again and she is startled when Jed appears in the bathroom to check on her. They share a long glance as they hear Andy announce that he is home. Later that night, Jed is involved in a sexual marathon with one of the nurses from the hospital. Tracy is extremely annoyed because the noise is keeping her awake. As Andy is about to go ask him to hold it down, the noise stops. The nurese jokes with him that the only reason he is a doctor is for the money and women. He laughs, and jokes about his tolerance with alcohol. After coming out of the bathroom, Tracy stares coldly as the nurse runs naked to the upstairs bathroom. The next day. Andy is annoyed that Paula still has not shown up for her appointment. After talking to his secretary, he decides to go to her house to check on her. He arrives and the house is completely quiet. He calls out for her, but gets no answer. The front door is open, so he lets himself inside. He then notices the back door is slightly ajar and that a lock of her hair is on the floor. He walks out back and notices one of her shoes. He then approaches the hedges and finds her brutalized body hidden inside. Detective Harris says he will need to provide a statement. Leter, Jed tries to cheer up Andy at the bar. He relays a story about the first time he saw a dead body in medical school. After Jed makes a comment about pro athletes not being able to stay clean for a million dollars, Andy says he would "give his right arm" for a million. Jed presses him on it, saying what if was a surgical prcedure. Would he do it? Andy says no, as does Jed after cracking an ice cube in his mouth. Andy heads home as Jed decides to check on the local women playing darts. Andy comes home and Harris is waiting for him. She tells him there is circumstantial evidence tying him to the rapes. He is outraged at being considered a suspect. She then tells him he needs to come to the station to provide some sperm to rule him out. Reluctantly, he agrees to go. Tracy comes home and her pain is now unbearable. She calls out for Andy, but he is still at the station. She calls 911. While chatting it up with the dart ladies and drinking bourbon, Jed is paged to the hospital, where he sees that Tracy is the person he needs to operate on. Back at the station Andy is ruled out as a suspect and as he is leaving, is told his wife called 911. He rushes to the hospital. It turns out one of her ovaries has ruptured and needs to be removed. They discover that she was 4 weeks pregnant, but she miscarries due to the trauma. A doctor notices a problem with the second ovary and Jed says they need to get a histology report to make sure it isn't still a live ovary. They realize they don't have the time to do it. Jed goes out and tells Andy the options. They can remove the ovary and she'll be fine (but never able to have kids). Or they can leave the ovary in and hope she does not die from toxic shock. Andy says to do whatever he needs to. He tells Andy that she was 4 weeks pregnant, but the baby is gone. Jed goes in and against the advice of fellow surgeons, he removes the other ovary. Later, it comes to light that he removed a healthy ovary. Jed has the chance to bury the report, but declines. He stands by his judgement call. The turn of events destroys Tracy. She tells Andy she is leaving him, and she files a lawsuit against Jed Hill, for $20 million. At the deposition, Jed is made out to be a top notch surgeon, but has a "God-complex". He states that when people go into the chapel and pray to God that their loved ones will be alright, who does the lawyer think they are praying to. "You ask me if I have a God complex. Let me tell you something. I am God." He then gets up and walks out. Tracy's lawyer then mentions they know he was drinking the night of her surgery. They decide to settle. Tracy doesn't seem to care about the money. As she exits the building, she notices Andy across the street. She shoots him a cold stare and then leaves in her lawyer's car. Back at work, Andy is working late into the night, when one of his bulbs goes out. He goes downstairs and finds the janitor (Tobin Bell) has a makeshift place and is living down there. He finds a lock of hair on the night table as well as in a cigar box. He is startled when he appears behind him. He explains that he got kicked out of his old place and this is just temporary. Andy says not to worry about it and leaves. As he is walking away, he is jumped from behind and he ends up fighting him off and rendering him unconscious. At the station, Detective Harris invites Andy to get a drink. While there, she talks about how her family accuses her of wielding her honesty like a blunt instrument. She tells him that there is something he needs to know about his wife. Something important. He goes back to the station with her. Later, he goes to Jed's hotel to tell him that thet baby was not his. It turns out that Andy is sterile (which cleared him of the rapes). Jed tells him it doesn't change anything regarding his situation. He feels bad for Andy and says that bad things happen to good people all the time, for no good reason. Andy, suspecting that maybe Tracy's lawyer is the father, goes to confront him. Andy barges in and accuses her lawyer (Peter Gallagher) of having an affair with his wife. He says he did not. But since he cannot give him any information about where she is, he should talk to her friends or mother. Andy says he should know her mother is dead, since he handled her estate. He says he never did. As he is leaving, he suggests that Andy bring her a bottle of scotch. Andy arrives and uses the bottle of scotch to entice Tracy's mother (Anne Bancroft) to open the door. They talk about Tracy's childhood, how she always stashed away any money she had, how her father abandoned her and took her hidden money. As she is drinking, she laughs about how gullable Andy is. He says he knows she has been there becuase of the Degas statue on her mantle. She laughs and say you can get one of them anywhere. She then tries to get him to do a card trick, and asks him to bet. He says no. "Because when money is involved, you take me seriously." She then tells him he should just "get into the game" and go for the $20 million himself. When he brings up Dr. Lillianfield, she smiles and tells him "Welcome to the game." He finds Lillianfield's address through a ruse using a change of address excuse. He finds out the address and lies in wait inside the house. He hears Tracy as she comes in the door. To his horror, Dr Lillianfield turns out to be Jed Hill. They kiss passionately as she orders him to take her upstairs and have sex with her. After they go upstairs, Andy leaves the house, devestated. He goes home and knocks a bunch of items from her dresser to the floor. But, he notices something odd. There is a syringe with some liquid still inside of it. He then notices they neighbor's son's silhouette again, playing on his keyboard. As they walk along the beach the next morning, Jed laments about how his mentor wrote him a letter saying he was sorry about everything. While Tracy finds it amusing, Jed is upset that his mentor never apologized about not giving him the chief of staff job at Mass General. They kiss and head back to the house to make love again. While she is laying on the bed, a syringe sticks her. Jed realizes that now Andy knows what it going on, that he has been in the house. Jed rehashes the plan and lets Tracy know the improvised part of her getting pregnant was what tipped Andy off. He figured out there was no Dr Lillianfield. Tracy says to let her handle him. At a bar/restaurant, Tracy acts all loving and seductive with Andy, trying to convince him that things can go back to normal. She runs her foot up his leg, until Andy tells her that she dropped her shoe. She realizes that her ploy is not working. She then goes on the attack, trying to intimidate him, saying that if he goes to the police, that will make him look crazy. She gets up and wishes him "happy hunting." Andy then tells her to "sit the f*** down." He tells her he knows what was in the syringe and that the lab guys told him that the substance in the syringe could cause the ovarian cysts she got if injected in massive doses. He then suggests that maybe he should have put curtains up in the bedroom because someone might have seen her injecting herself to cause the cysts. Enraged, she shatters a wine glass in her hand. He then warns her that if anything is to happen to him, the police will go to her neighbor's son. He wants half the money. Back at the house, Jed suggests strongly they give him the money and they should leave the country. He tells her they don't have a choice. She then suggests that without the kid, there is no case. He is horrified by the suggestion. He then slaps her and tells her not to bring it up again. If something happens to the kid, he will be the state's star witness against her. She then pulls out a gun and kills him. Tracy waits outside her former neighbor's house and waits for her to leave. She calls Andy and tells him she has his money. He gives her a meeting place and then heads out in his car. After he leaves, she approaches the neighbor's house. She then silently walks upstairs and slowly approaches the boy with plastic wrap, while he is playing his keyboard as usual. She puts it around his head, only to find that it is really a CPR dummy from the police station. Tracy goes ballastic, smashing the dummy on the keyboard. Andy turns out the light and taunts her saying, "Like shooting tuna in a barrel, huh?" She lunges for him and they fall through a bannister and land on the floor. As she is about to get up, Detective Harris, dressed as the neighbor (she is a nurse), stomps on a piece of wood Tracy is preparing to pick up saying "I won't mind shooting you." She tells Andy he may need a doctor. He laughs. Tracy is led out to the police car and sees the neighbor and her BLIND son go back into the house. She is stunned. She looks at Andy with a mixture of sadness, shock and, belatedly, respect. The car drives off and Harris and Andy sit on his porch. She suggests he needs ice. He says he'll take his with some scotch. They head off in her car. THE END
tt0103262
Drama,Family,Romance
Sonora Webster lives with her sister and abusive aunt during the Great Depression. She learns that because of her accidentally letting the cows loose and her suspension from school, her treasured horse Lightning has been sold and she will be placed in an orphanage. Instead, Sonora slips out of the house during the night. She ends up at a county fair and sees a performance by Marie, a diving girl who rides a horse off a platform, and aspires to do the same. Doc Carver, Marie's employer, tells her she is too young but gives Sonora a job as a stable hand due to her ability with horses, and she begins traveling with them. Doc's son Al wins a wild horse in a card game and Sonora names him Lightning. She later surprises Doc by taming and riding Lightning, so he promises to train her as a diving girl if she can mount it while it's moving, which she succeeds after multiple attempts. Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder, leaving her unable to perform, and Sonora steps in. Although she has never dived with Lightning, their first jump is successful. Marie becomes jealous, and as Doc tires of her diva-like behavior, she quits rather than share billing with Sonora. Al develops a romance with Sonora that strains his relationship with his father, leaving after a particularly bad fight. Al promises to write to Sonora, but Doc hides his letters. As Doc and the new stable hand Clifford leave the farm in search of work, Lightning falls ill with colic. Al returns, and he and Sonora work together to heal Lightning. Doc fails to find any jobs, but Al announces he has arranged a six-month contract to perform at the Steel Pier in Atlantic City, New Jersey, reconciling father and son. Doc passes away en route from a heart attack, and Al assumes his father's role as show presenter. Sonora searches for Doc's jacket to give Al confidence on his first show, and finds one of Al's letters inside, confessing his love for her, letting him know she feels the same. Al proposes to Sonora just before a performance in front of their biggest crowd, which she accepts. The horse is a jittery stallion instead of her usual partner Lightning, who falters and trips due to a cymbal crash below. Sonora keeps her eyes open as they fall into the water. Both of them make it, but her vision is impaired, yet she hides this from Al. Sonora wakes the morning after to discover she is permanently blind from detached retinas in both eyes. To avoid a breach of contract lawsuit, Al must find another diving girl within a week, calling Marie, who returns. Meanwhile, Sonora misses diving terribly. She tells Al of her desire to dive with Lightning again, and they work together to try to train her to mount him again, but it proves fruitless and Al gives up. Sonora spends some quiet time with Lightning that night. The next day, with Clifford's help, Marie is locked in her dressing room, and Sonora performs in her place with Lightning. Al shouts at her to come back down, but she continues and the jump is successful. Her voiceover tells us that she continued diving for eleven more years with the audience never learning of her blindness, and of her happy marriage to Al.
tt0106364
Animation,Action,Adventure
A meeting between crime lord Chuckie Sol (Dick Miller) and his cronies starts one night in Gotham City. Sol is instructing his men about the procedure for laundering some new counterfeit bills through their casino when the meeting is interrupted by the Batman. Batman takes out Sols' followers but Chuckie manages to get to the parking garage. Sol is greeted by a mysterious figure (who he first mistakes for Batman) stating the phrase "Your Angel of Death awaits." This mysterious Phantasm (voiced by Stacey Keach) is nearly run down by Sol's car, but tricks Sol into driving out a nearby window to his death. Batman arrives on the scene and observes Sol; the people below see Batman and assume he is responsible for what has happened. Next morning, Councilman Arthur Reeves (Hart Bochner) is giving a press conference about Batman's apparent actions. He wants to hunt down Batman and arrest the vigilante. Commissioner James Gordon (Bob Hastings) is against it, since he doesn't believe Batman would do something like that. Detective Harvey Bullock (Robert Costanzo), on the other hand, is in favor of stopping Batman. Alfred (Efrem Zimbalist Jr.) and Bruce (Kevin Conroy) are watching the presentation in the Batcave. Batman is analyzing a chemical found on the glass from Chuckie Sol's car. Councilman Arthur is in his office, talking to a woman (Dana Delany) on the phone. She's flying into town after being gone for 10 years to settle some old finances. During a party at Wayne Manor, Bruce confronts Arthur about his Batman stance. Arthur counters with some remarks about Bruce's love life, and mentions the name of one woman from Bruce's past- Andrea Beaumont. Bruce confronts the portrait of his parents, flashing back to his memory of meeting Andrea in the graveyard while they both visited dead relatives (Andrea with her mother, Bruce with his parents). They both talk about how they miss their families. Bruce slyly mentions that he made a vow to his parents upon their death, and that "so far" he has kept it. The night after meeting Andrea, Bruce goes out crime-fighting for the first time in his life. Decked out in a simple mask and street clothes, he confronts a group of thieves. Bruce is able to fend them off, but the thieves do not treat him as a serious threat. Next morning, after bandaging his wounds, Bruce exercises while talking to Alfred. Bruce thinks that he failed to keep control of the situation because the criminals weren't afraid of him. Andrea arrives to speak with Bruce, and before long the two have begun a romantic relationship. The flashback ends and Bruce goes back out to the party. Another Gotham crime lord, Buzz Bronski (John P. Ryan) visits the grave of Chuckie Sol. He hears the mysterious voice repeating "Your Angel of Death Awaits"- the Phantasm has come for Bronski. Phantasm kills Bronski by pushing a huge stone angel onto him. Buzz's bodyguards see a caped figure walking away from the scene and assume it is the Batman. Elderly crime boss Salvatore Valestra (Abe Vigoda) reads the obituary of Buzz Bronski and the news story about Batman being thought responsible for the crimes. He is shocked at the news. Arthur is now more fanatical than ever in his crusade against Batman. Commissioner Gordon vehemently refuses to participate, so Bullock eagerly steps up. After Batman collects evidence at the scene of Buzz Bronski's murder, he takes a brief moment to reflect at the graveside of his parents. Andrea Beaumont is also in the graveyard; she spots a figure at the Wayne graves and automatically assumes that it is Bruce. Andrea has dinner with Councilman Reeves, her mind distracted by what she saw that night. Batman observes her on stakeout. This triggers another flashback- Bruce takes Andrea to the Gotham World Fair, observing several prototype inventions- including a distinctive looking car. Andrea invites Bruce to come and meet her father, and he agrees. Bruce voices his discomfort to Alfred; his relationship with Andrea wasn't something he's planned on. Bruce & Andrea greet Carl Beaumont, who is just finishing business with Arthur Reeves (Reeves works for Beaumont's legal department at this time). The meeting is interrupted by Valestra, who wants to speak with Carl. Both Bruce & Andrea are suspicious of Valestra. Bruce spots a street merchant being robbed by a motorcycle gang. He goes after them, but his concern for Andrea distracts him and they get away. That night, Bruce tries to design a costume for himself but cannot continue. Bruce knows that he can't complete the vow he made to his parents with someone like Andrea in his life. Bruce goes to his parents' grave site to try and justify his feelings. Andrea meets him and they go home together. When a police helicopter approaches the nearby roof, Batman is brought out of his memory trip and returns home. Next day, Councilman Reeves is approached by Valestra. Reeves confirms that Batman is apparently attacking "their people." Using the Bat-Computer, Batman confirms that the two dead men- Sol & Bronski- were partners in phony dummy corporations set up at least 10 years ago. There was a third man involved- Sal Valestra. Batman goes off to confront Valestra. Alfred asks if Bruce will see Andrea when he is done. In Valestra's office, Batman finds a photo of Carl Beaumont with Valestra and the two dead men. This triggers yet another flashback- Bruce proposes to Andrea and she happily accepts. They are interrupted by a huge swarm of bats coming from a cave below the house. Andrea returns to her father's house to see that some people have arrived to speak with Carl. She goes inside to tell her father the good news. Bruce explores the cave and marvels at its huge size. When he returns, Alfred solemnly hands him a package. Andrea has returned Bruce's ring, stating only that she is leaving town and encouraging Bruce to forget her. Bruce, heartbroken, throws himself back into "The Plan." That very night, he dons the Batsuit for the first time. Alfred, seeing the transformation from Bruce to Batman, can only watch and remark "My God!" Valestra goes to the now abandoned World Fair, which is a hideout for the Joker (Mark Hamil), who greets him like an old friend. Valestra tells him that he thinks Batman is killing off members of "the old gang." Joker notes that this is uncharacteristic behavior for Batman, and insists he is not a hired gun for the mob. Valestra reminds him that if the vigilante is specifically targeting his old associates, then its only a matter of time before they go after the Joker. Andrea ends her date with Arthur, and finds Batman in her room. He asks about the men photographed with her father, but she tells him nothing. Denying any connection, Andrea states that Batman is the only one there who is still controlled by his parents. The Phantasm comes to Valestra's apartment, only to find that Sal has been given a lethal dose of Joker toxin. Joker, watching from a hidden camera, is shocked to see that the killer isn't really Batman. The Phantasm narrowly escapes a bomb set by the Joker. Batman confronts the Phantasm on the rooftop. A police helicopter confronts Batman, and Phantasm uses the chance to escape. Batman hides out in a construction site, but is soon able to trick the police into attacking a phony target (losing his cape & cowl in the process). Andrea drives up as Batman is fleeing and offers him a getaway vehicle. They elude the police. Alfred bandages Bruce's wounds while he talks to Andrea. She tells Bruce about what happened the night he proposed. A flashback reveals that Carl Beaumont is begging for his life in front of Valestra's men. Andrea walks in, and her life is jeopardized too. Valestra gives Carl 24 hours to return the money that was embezzled or Carl will die. Andrea opposes her fathers actions and does not wish to run, but Carl insists that there is no hope for them in Gotham. In the present, Andrea tells Bruce that her father was eventually able to pay off his debt, but Valestra's men considered it too little, too late. Bruce thinks that the man in the Phantasm costume is Carl- killing off the gangsters to finally be free of his debt. Bruce & Andrea are obviously still in love, but Bruce states that he still has to stop the Phantasm. Bruce looks at the photo he took from Valestra again. He recognizes the features on one man, and-after an alteration with red ink- confirms that Valestra's former bodyguard is actually The Joker! Councilman Reeves is furious that Batman escaped. The Joker confronts Reeves and talks about what's been happening, mentioning that someone other than Batman is responsible for the killings. Joker doses Reeves with his laughing toxin, and Arthur is hospitalized in a hysterical laughing fit. Batman confronts Reeves that night, confirming the details about Reeve's connection to the Beaumonts. Arthur kept in touch with Carl while he was abroad, helping to set up funds. But when Reeves asked Carl for help in financing an election, Carl refused. So, desperate for funds, Arthur sold Carl out to Valestra's mob. Batman searches Andrea's apartment for more clues, finding a locket with a picture of Andrea & himself inside. The phone rings and Batman answers it- it's the Joker, sending another bomb into the apartment. Batman manages to escape and recognizes the design of the plane that flew in the bomb. He deduces that Joker is hiding out in the ruins of the Gotham World Fair. In a final flashback, Andrea returns to her father's new home after some grocery shopping, only to find Valestra's bodyguard emerging. Fearing the worst, she drops the grocery bags and runs. As Andrea screams in horror, the future Joker grabs an apple out of the discarded grocery bags, then casually walks away. Phantasm confronts Joker, and Joker applauds the Phantasm's scheme. Phantasm is revealed to be Andrea Beaumont, out for revenge against her father's murderers. Batman arrives and confronts Andrea, who states that vengeance is now all that she has left. Batman and Joker fight, eventually triggering a fire in the World's Fair props. Andrea grabs Joker, vowing that her crusade will end no matter what. She disappears in an explosion, but Batman manages to get away. In the Batcave, Bruce regrets not being able to save Andrea. Alfred states that it is quite possible Andrea didn't want to be saved. A glimmer in the cave attracts Bruce's attention- he finds the same locket from Andrea's apartment. Out on a cruise, Andrea gazes out at the sea, truly alone in the world.
tt0094964
Drama,Horror,Thriller
The movie opens in Toronto, 1954 with Elliot and Beverly Mantle (Jonathan and Nicholas Haley) as young boys, discussing sex and trying to learn about the female form. Flash forward to the brothers (Jeremy Irons) at Cambridge, Massachusettes in 1967, working in a medical lab and receiving acclaim for inventing a retractor. We see that they seem to share each other's experiences. Flash forward another 21 years back to Toronto the present day, and Mantle is examining a movie-star patient, Claire (Genevieve Bujold). She has three openings in her uterus, and it facinates him. The brothers switch appointments regularly, and we see that Elliot is more aggressive and outgoing than Beverly. Elliot encourages Beverly to visit Claire, who obviously had a tryst with Elliot the previous night. Beverly is less willing to be wild, but Elliot reminds him that they always share women. Beverly falls in love with Claire, and refuses to share his experience with Elliot. Tension between the brothers begins to build. Beverly lets slip to Claire that he has a brother, and gets upset when she teases him. She tells him she thinks he's schizophrenic. Claire has lunch with Laura (Shirley Douglas), who tells her Beverly and Elliot are twins. Claire realizes she doesn't know who she's sleeping with. When she tells Elliot she knows, he gets agitated, but agrees to allow her to meet both of them. She tells them she knows what they are doing and storms off. Elliot is amused, but Beverly is saddened. At another awards ceremony, Beverly arrives, drunk, and starts ranting about Elliot taking credit for his work. They reconcile, but Elliot has been offered a job, and Beverly is now taking uppers. Beverly goes to see Claire and apologizes. After sex, he has nightmares about Claire trying to separate him from Elliot. Drug use continues. Elliot begins his new glamourous work, and has sex with identical twin protitutes, telling them to call him by both his name and his brother's. He shows up at Claire's movie set and tries to dissuade her from seeing Beverly. She tells him he's very different from Beverly, and refuses to sleep with him. Claire leaves town for contract negotiations, and Beverly continues to take drugs. He calls Claire's hotel and thinks the man (her secretary) who answers is her lover. He tells him of her "mutation". Beverly goes to see Elliot and tells him she's having an affair. Beverly's work begins to suffer, and he goes to a metalsmith (Stephen Lack) to redesign his medical tools to deal with the "mutations" he is trying to treat. Elliot is now taking more drugs, and the practice is suffering. His secretary quits. He freaks out during an operation while trying to use the new tools. Elliot tries to cover up. The board doesn't buy it, and the brothers are forced to close their practice. Elliot continues to date, and gets Beverly to dance with his girlfriend Cary (Heidi Von Palleske). He joins in, and the three of them dance intimately. When Beverly realizes they are trying to seduce him, he breaks away but collapses and is rushed to the hospital. Elliot promises to detox Beverly, so no one will know about the drugs. Beverly is locked in the clinic to dry out. Elliot's drug use is increasing. Cary tries to tell him he is becoming like Beverly, but Elliot explains that he wants to get "synchronized" with Beverly. Claire gets back and straightens out the mix-up with her secretary, then tells Beverly to come see her. He has trouble getting out of the locked clinic, but is desperate to see her. On the way, after stopping to be sick on the street, he notices an art exhibit showing the tools he had the metalsmith make. He finally arrives at Claire's and tries to get her to fill a prescription. She doesn't, and Beverly exhibits more confusion. When he returns to the clinic, he finds the office trashed, and Elliot in the shower, wasted. The brothers agree to try and kick the habit, and Elliot begins to sound like a child. In a drug-induced haze, Beverly operates on his brother, using the customized tools he designed, trying to separate them as siamese twins. When Beverly awakes, he sees his brother - disemboweled. He packs a bag, gets cleaned up, and leaves, making a phone call to Claire, but when she asks who is calling, he hangs up on her. In a daze, he wanders back upstairs, and collapses, intertwined with his brother. The end.
tt0088194
Action,Crime,Drama
The movie opens with the borough of Richmond preparing for the concert of hometown girl turned star Ellen Aim. As the concert begins, bikers in black leathers ride into town. Inside the concert venue, the young and sexy Ellen Aim begins her performance, singing with the pounding of music and the backdrop of a light show. The shadowed figures of the motorcycle gang enter the crowd and push their way towards the stage. They wait there, watching the show, and waiting, unmoving as the crowd around them rolls like an ocean with the music. As the first set ends, the bikers charge the stage and grab Ellen Aim. The band and other members of the crowd fight to save her, but the bikers handle them with brutal efficiency. The gang makes it outside and ride away with a screaming Ellen in tow. It is pandemonium out in the streets. Reva Cody writes her brother Tom to come home. He is recently released from the army and boards a train. Reva is working in her diner when a gang of young preps bust in. Reva tells them to get lost, but they don't take kindly to that, threatening her and her joint. Tom is there. He stands up and takes off his jacket. The gang confronts him. He rather easily and comically punches out their leader and then uses a coat rack to take knock the rest of them out the front window. They scatter, and Tom takes their car. Reva is glad to have him back. Reva tells Tom about Ellen being kidnapped by the Bombers. He is mad that Ellen is dating her manager and that Reva thinks he should rescue her. He stomps off to the bar. There he meets McCoy, a tomboy and former soldier. McCoy asks to bunk with him since she doesn't have a place to stay. Tom offers her his sister's couch. Getting into bed, Tom looks at some old pictures he has of Ellen from when they dated. He thinks about her and changes his mind. The next day Tom finds a buddy who has some guns for him. Tom arrives at the diner to meet with Billy Fish, Ellen's manager and new boyfriend. Billy is a four-eyed geek in a bowtie who thinks money makes him better than everyone else. He has serious doubts about Tom's ability to rescue Ellen. Tom demands 10 grand as payment for the task. Billy is fine with that. Tom insists Billy accompany him because Billy knows his way around the Battery, which is where the Bombers are keeping Ellen. Billy refuses but ultimately relents because he needs Ellen back. McCoy asks to join since she needs the money. Billy tells her to take a walk. Perhaps amused by the obvious contempt the two have for each other, Tom agrees to let McCoy in for 10%. As a former motor pool worker, McCoy gets to drive. They hop in the car and take off for the battery. McCoy and Billy continue to verbally spar during the ride. At the Battery, a band is playing at a biker joint called Torchies while gals in black fishnet stockings dance the bar. The leader of the Bombers, Raven, goes into a room where Ellen is tied to the bed. Raven explains that he will let Ellen go after the two of them "fall in love for a little while." Ellen refuses his advances. He eventually leaves. Tom, McCoy and Billy are approaching Torchies. The plan is for Tom to enter Torchies topside while McCoy goes in the ground floor and makes her way up. Billy is to wait 15 minutes then pick them up. Tom gets into position on the roof across the street while McCoy makes her way inside the bar. McCoy runs into a biker who she talks into taking her upstairs. The biker enthusiastically takes her into a "party room" and then tries to get it on with her. She knocks him out with her pistol. She then busts into a room where the head Bombers, including Raven, are playing cards. She holds them at gunpoint. Tom is watching bikers perform jumps in front of the bar until he sees Ellen tied to a bed inside Torchies. He then starts shooting motorcycles, which burst into flame. When enough chaos ensues, Tom makes his way into Torchies. He quickly finds Ellen and cuts her loose. They run into McCoy and all three take the top way back outside. Billy shows up, and McCoy takes the wheel again as they get away. Tom tells them to meet him at the Grand Station underpass while he allays the Bombers. Tom continues disabling motorcycles and knocking bikers out. He gets on a motorcycle to ride away. Raven confronts him with threats. When Tom reminds Raven that he is armed, Raven tells Tom he can get guns, a lot of them. Raven promises Tom that he will be coming for him and Ellen. Tom rides off. McCoy, Billy and Ellen are waiting at the Grand Station underpass. Billy doesn't want to wait any longer, afraid that bikers or cops could show up. Ellen refuses to leave without Tom, since he rescued her. Billy informs Ellen that Tom is getting paid for his services, and that he isn't acting out of love for her. McCoy badgers Billy over the fact that Tom and Ellen dated. Tom shows up. He tells them they have to get on the move and ditch the car. Ellen asks to speak to him alone. She has a lot to say to him since it has been years since he left for the army. He has nothing to say to her. He is mad at her for shacking with Billy. She is mad at him for taking money to rescue her. They eventually leave, ditch the car, and walk their way through the next borough, which is heavy with people on the streets. One of the people they run into recognizes Ellen Aim and tags along as a big fan. Tom stops a bus trying to make its way through the crowd. The bus if for a band called the Sorels. Tom shows his gun and hijacks the bus. Everyone gets in. The bus is rolling towards the Richmond and everyone is finally getting along when the bus gets stopped by a road block set up by cops. Billy tries to talk and then bribe his way through the cops. It doesn't work. Tom holds the cops at gun point, and then he and McCoy make the entire road block lay in the road so they can discard their weapons. Tom then shoots up the police cars, and they all get back on the bus and take off. Now to be chased by the police, they have to ditch the bus. They do so and run to a train station to catch the train. They all arrive back at the police station in the Richmond. City folk stream into the station to see Ellen. Ellen says she wants to leave town and tells Tom that she hates him for taking money to rescue her. The Bombers' second in command shows up. The police chief goes to talk with Raven. Raven wants Tom Cody, and as long as they give him up, there will be no more trouble. Tom and McCoy are back in Reva's diner. Tom is obviously downcast. McCoy is angry because Tom is self-centered and hasn't given her any credit. She tells Reva that Tom is a jerk and storms off. Reva lights into Tom next for feeling sorry for himself because Ellen ditched him. Reva implies she only wanted Tom to rescue Ellen because Ellen was good for him. The police chief shows up and tells Tom that Raven wants to meet him tomorrow. He tells Tom that he should be on a train out of town tonight, and that if he doesn't leave, he'll arrest him right after arresting Raven. Tom goes to the hotel to visit Ellen and Billy. Billy pays Tom his money. Tom tells Ellen he once thought Ellen was worth rescuing without the money, but not anymore. He throws the money back at Billy and only takes what he promised for McCoy. He leaves. Billy laughs at Tom's stupidity for throwing 9 grand away, but Ellen goes after Tom. They meet outside in the rain and embrace. They are next seen in bed. Ellen advises Tom to leave town and says she will go with him. Tom meets McCoy back at the bar and reconciles with her. He asks her to accompany him and Ellen out of town that night. She agrees. All three are on the train when it comes to a stop. Tom moves to leave. Ellen says it isn't their stop yet. Tom knocks her out with a punch. He tells McCoy to make sure Ellen gets out of town. He goes to return to Richmond, but the returning train is out due to damage caused by the Bombers. Raven arrives with two henchmen as he told the police chief. The chief tells him that Tom and Ellen are gone and that he is under arrest. Raven blows a horn he brought with him and about forty bikers arrive with guns. City folk see the Bombers arrive and come streaming into the street with guns to help the police. Tom arrives just as things look ugly. Raven brought pick-axes of all things for them to fight hand-to-hand with. They fight. Tom eventually disarms Raven and tosses away his pick-axe so they can fight it out with their fists. A bloodied Tom eventually puts Raven down. The city folk point their guns at the Bombers. The Bombers grab Raven and ride out. The movie ends on another Ellen Aim concert. Tom is watching the Sorels, who now open for Ellen, backstage. Billy approaches him and tells him he won't get in the way. Tom tells Billy that he is better for Ellen. Tom finds Ellen. She knows he's leaving. He tells her he'll be there if she needs him again. They kiss, and he departs. Ellen goes onstage to begin her performance. Tom watches her from the entrance of the hall and then leaves near the end of the first song. Tom runs into McCoy who has the car Tom stole from the gang at the beginning of the movie. Tom gets in and they ride away.
tt0097162
Horror,Thriller
A troubled couple, Australian naval officer John Ingram (Neill) and his wife Rae (Kidman) take a break on their yacht in the Pacific after a tragic automobile accident in which their small son was killed while Rae was driving. The couple hope that this trip will help Rae cope with the loss. However, their holiday turns into a nightmare after they rescue an even more troubled stranger, Hughie Warriner (Zane), a man who claims to have lost his companions on another, now-disabled boat due to food poisoning. Suspicious of Hughie's story, John tries to convince the panicked Hughie to return with him to his sinking ship, so they can confirm the deaths and salvage anything of use. Hughie, however, refuses to go back. In an attempt to find answers, John travels to the sinking ship while Hughie is resting. He tells his wife (who isn't convinced that Hughie is lying) to equip the shotgun and keep it with her. Instead of equipping the gun, Rae decides to let her husband go adventuring while she plays fetch with her dog. Upon his arrival on the ship, John discovers that Hughie's original story was untrue. He finds several bodies but realizes that the dead were murdered. A tape of a film reveals that Hughie was the cameraman for a low-budget production, during which he snapped and murdered the director and four women involved. Now knowing the truth, John tries to rush back to his yacht to warn Rae. Meanwhile on the Ingram yacht, Rae sees John across the water yelling for her to get off the boat. The sleeping Hughie awakens, breaks out of the room in which he was locked, struggles with Rae before knocking her out, and turns on the boat's motor, abandoning John and traveling away with Rae onboard. John returns in his dinghy to the sinking ship to try to catch up and save Rae. After a slight delay spent emptying the ship of water, John is able to start the ship's motor and start his gradual chase. Rae awakens to find Hughie piloting the ship and playing with the dog. She attempts (unsuccessfully) to convince him to go back for John, but he refuses because he told John not to board the ship in the first place. She then goes down below, collapsing on her bed and weeping. Later, she heads for the radio and tries to determine the distance between their yacht and John's location. She receives Morse code contact from John using the damaged radio on the sinking ship. Rae tells John that she will find a way to return for him. They decide that Rae should stop the yacht in order to buy some time for John to catch up, and she removes the keys so that the yacht cannot travel further. Hughie soon realizes this and attempts to retrieve the keys, which she tosses into the water. Unfortunately, her dog dives into the ocean and recovers them (thinking she was playing fetch). Frightened, Rae runs into the bathroom with the angry Hughie banging the bathroom door as hard as he can. Once Hughie calms down, Rae opens the door and smiles, leading Hughie to believe that she likes him and was just playing around. Rae, made sullen by her failed attempts, contacts John to inform him that she has failed. John signals that the ship is going to sink within six hours, and Rae promises that she will get the yacht there by sunset. Before she can tell her husband that she loves him however, John's radio breaks down completely, and they are cut off. Rae begins to cry with helplessness. A lustful Hughie sees Rae teary eyed and frightened and begins to soothe her. While Hughie is kissing her hands and embracing her, Rae realizes that he is seducing her and wants to have sex. She acquiesces, while formulating a plan in her head about what she'll do. They stare at each other and Hughie moves in for a kiss. Rae resists slightly at first, then quickly gives in sharing what appears to be a long, passionate kiss. After they kiss, Rae becomes excited and motionless as Hughie strokes her bottom lip and moves his hand down slowly to grope her right breast. Hughie then leads Rae on the floor (Rae feeling coerced into this but following with growing excitement nonetheless) and they quickly start to kiss and undress on the ground. Hughie lustfully caresses Rae's figure while ripping off her shorts and underwear causing Rae to moan loudly in surprised arousal. With both completely nude, they begin foreplay with Hughie kneading her backside as Rae slowly kisses him. Rae then says that she needs to go to the bathroom. Hughie casually let's Rae go as she slides up off of him, while seductively kissing his chest, and slips on her short black robe. In actuality, she heads up on deck to put together the shotgun. The dog shows up and begins to bark for attention. Rae whispers for him to be quiet, but by then it's too late as Hughie had already heard the dog. Suspicious, Hughie gets up from the floor to look for Rae. Knowing that she doesn't have enough time to load the gun, she quickly sees cigarettes and grabs hold of them leaving the unloaded gun behind. Hughie is relieved when she brings out the cigarettes which she says are for after they have sex. Rae then goes to kiss Hughie some more. Hughie is flattered by this and believes that she wants to continue from where they left off. To distract Hughie away from the gun though, Rae seductively leads him to her bed. In the bedroom, Rae gets naked again and sits up on her bed while Hughie stands right in front of her caressing his hand all over her body. Rae begins to quiver and close her eyes in a pleasing fashion during this. Hughie leans down to kiss her neck causing Rae to quirk her eyes and jerk her head slightly. When she opens her eyes, she stares up at his face while Hughie strokes her lips yet again and moves in to mount her. As Hughie lays on top of Rae he starts kissing her breasts which seems to fascinate Rae as she looks on. The door opens causing Rae to jerk her head in shock (thinking that John is opening the door). Alas it was the family dog looking to to see what was going on. Feeling uncomfortable about having sex with another man in front her dog, she cleverly tells Hughie that she wants to put the dog up onto the deck (in hopes that she can also finish loading the gun). However, Hughie is so sexually aroused at this point that he tries to ignore her request and finally takes the matter into his own hands by telling the dog to go away. The dog listens and heads out the door leaving Rae behind with Hughie passionatly kissing all over her face. Feeling that there are no other options at this point, Rae firmly wraps her arms and legs around Hughie and readies herself for sex. Hughie firmly enters her which seems to cause Rae some discomfort initially but his intense lovemaking soon has Rae panting and moaning orgasmically where both she and Hughie eventually climax together in bed as the dog reenters the room. Back on the sinking ship, the mast falls over, covering the exit hatch and trapping John. He continues driving the boat until it no longer works, and as the room floods completely, he grabs a small tube and sticks it out of the hatch, allowing him to breathe. Suddenly, he sees fish inside the ship and realizes that there must be a hole. He finds it and breaks out of the ship. He sets the sinking ship on fire to signal for help. Meanwhile Rae and Hughie are still in the bedroom. While Hughie is getting dressed in John's clothes, Rae (back in her robe) sits on her bed feeling guilty at herself for being an unfaithful wife and enjoying sex with the man who left her husband stranded out at sea. Although it isn't made explicitly clear the shots of the changing weather conditions seem to suggest Rae and Hughie spent a few hours below deck indulging in frenzied and passionate sex. With time running out, however, she focuses on rescuing John by continuing to play the part of "Hughie's lover". She gets up and allows Hughie to play some music while they kiss and hug each other. When Hughie leaves for the bathroom, Rae fixes a drink, slips in some of her sleeping medicine, and pretends to drink it as he returns. She then offers it to Hughie, telling him to fix her another one while she dresses. Back on deck, Rae finishes loading the gun and hides it when she hears Hughie coming. Hughie is suspicious again until Rae buys time by saying that he should ready the yacht for a coming storm. When Hughie returns, he finds her with the gun and fights to get it away from her. The fight wears down Rae, who drops the gun and hides. Hughie then feels the effects of the sedative and recklessly uses up the ammunition, which allows Rae to locate John's spear gun and lock herself in the bedroom. Once Rae locks herself in her bedroom she continues to shoot the spear gun at the pounding door. When she sees blood running from the open end of a spear in the door, she assumes that Hughie got hit. However to her surprise he comes out from behind the door to strangle her. He almost succeeds were it not from the drugged drink which causes him to finally pass out. Rae discovers that the blood was actually that of her dog whom she accidentally killed with the harpoon sticking out of his neck. After tying up Hughie, Rae gets dressed in warmer clothes and steers the boat towards John. Later one, Hughie wakes up and cuts himself loose with a broken mirror piece that he shattered, but Rae knocks him out with the spear gun before he could do anything. She later releases a rescue raft from the yacht, pushes Hughie's body into it, and watches him float away. Rae later sights the now-blazing shipwreck in the distance and eventually finds John in a raft next to the signal fire he has set. Holding out her hand, she pulls him from the raft as the yacht speeds by. Soon after, the couple are once again happy (Rae never revealing to John her intimate time with Hughie). They discover the floating raft with Hughie's body missing. Trying to forget and put aside what she went through with Hughie, Rae grabs a flare gun and blows out a flare to sink the floating raft leaving John to wonder what had happened when he was stranded. Later on the next day Rae is swimming in the ocean to cleanse herself as John looks down on her. Rae climbs back on the boat and sits as John soothingly washes her hair with his hands. She closes her eyes in pleasure feeling happy to be back with John. John leaves for a moment to prepare their meal. Suddenly a pair of bloody hands (obviously Hughie's) begin washing Rae's hair, she soon discovers it is not John washing her. She begins to scream for help until Hughie strangles her. John comes back looking at the struggle and quickly grabs a flare gun. With the flare gun, he fires it into Hughie's mouth and Hughie's head flares up as he falls off of the ship. Rae and John run back to each other and stare at Hughie's body float away into the ocean.
tt0102034
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The film begins with subtext explaining that the year is 2024. Industrial pollution has destroyed the Earth's ozone layer, thus leaving the Earth at the mercy of the sun's rays. An electromagnetic shield has thus been set up since 1999 to protect the world from the Sun.However, a small group has believed that the ozone layer has repaired itself and that the shield is now moot. However, there assumptions are not proven. An aged and retired former immortal, Conner MacLeod sits in an opera theatre watching a performance of Wagner's Gotterdamerung. While he is watching this, he dozes off to sleep only to be awoken by another music cue. He recognizes a friend of his within the theater, Dr. Alan Neyman. While watching the opera once more, he sees a shrouded singer who reminds him of his time on the planet Zeist. On this planet Zeist millions of years ago, a rebellion was set up by Ramirez and Conner against the cruel slavers led by the psychotic and irrational General Katana. However, their revolt was laid to waste and Ramirez and Conner, despite Katana's desire for them to be killed, were instead exiled to the planet Earth where they would remain immortal until their heads were cleaved off. Having awoken from that bizarre memory which sets the entire continuity of the first film off balance, Conner finds himself as a tired, weak old man who is dying, having killed the final immortal, the Kurgan and gained the prize- mortality. He drives through the decadent streets to see two junkies rob and rape a dead female, but feels he cannot stop them having lost his youth and strength. He hears on the radio of the SHIELD corporation's greedy acts of "price-fixing" and journeys there to discuss such matters with the corrupt new CEO, David Blake. However, seeing that he cannot meet in person, he rethinks his initial idea, thinking he cannot do much anyways. He is then confronted by some street punks but they recognize him as MacLeod and back off. At the SHIELD corp. a masked group of people break into the system and the leader, Louise Marcus is the only one who escapes as soon as the building security mow down the rest of the intruders with gunfire. At a bar, Conner notices a cut on his hand heal itself for a completely unknown and unexplained reason. Meanwhile, on the planet Zeist, Katana grows impatient of Conner living on Earth, knowing he may yet return to Zeist now that all other immortals are dead. (Despite the fact that Conner is dying already of illness and will be dead anyways in a few weeks) Katana sends two winged psychos to Earth to destroy him. Though Conner is respected by some people for creating the shield to protect the earth, he is hated by others, such as a woman in the bar who complains that she cannot see the stars. Conner leaves the bar and comes face-to-face with Louise who has sought him out. She tries to convince him to help her in her quest to shut down SHIELD and tells him that the world is dying. He replies by saying, "Unfortunately not me." She explains that she admired him as a younger person but is now angry to see that he is a tired old man. They drive off in his car but are then set upon by the two winged psychos that Katana sent to kill Conner. "MACLEOD!" one of them chortles loudly and the two fight over who gets to kill him. While this is happening, Conner tells Louise to hide in a dumpster in plain sight of both psychos. While battling them, Conner calls out for Ramirez but nothing happens. After a wild battle, one of the psychos is decapitated by a street train. Conner undergoes a fantastic quickening, despite being railed by a truck with a pair of kissing lips on the front of it. the quickening causes a fantastic explosion causing the loss of thousands of dollars in damages and makes several people homeless. He then reclaims a swords and battles the second psycho who only hesitates to kill a random drunk on the street who exists just to be killed. Conner finally manages to decapitate the psycho using a cord of steel and undergoes another quickening. He calls out Ramirez's name and Ramirez appears in a stage production of Hamlet, teasing the main player for his perceived homosexuality. He leaves the play, very pleased to find that his head is now intact. Louise then meets with the now young and restored Conner, and despite knowing each other for less then a minute, they begin kissing passionately. Then he pushes her against a wall and pulls up her skirt banging her right then and there. (Gross.) Later at his apartment, Louise and Conner discuss the current events. But despite having regained his strength, and having banged Louise out in the open, he still does not give a rip about her plans to dismantle the shield. Meanwhile, Ramirez acquire trues Scottish attire to the montage of the "William Tell overture." He then travels to the city via an airplane, still amazed at how time has changed since he's been dead. Katana finally decides to get things done himself and travels to the city, landing in a subway where he takes control and makes it run so fast that it kills everyone in it except for him. Conner then visits Dr. Neyman and remembers the time in which he helped to erect the shield covering the earth to protect the sun while the ozone level was destroyed. They are then met by Blake who tells them how little their efforts are to stop the SHIELD now. Katana then makes a hideout in an abandoned building and confronts Conner who has been visiting his wife's grave. Katana and Conner then battle in Katana's hideout but Katana defeats him before cackling and vanishing. Conner reunites with Ramirez and Katana goes to the SHIELD corp where he strong-arms Blake into helping him find and "kill the Highlander." Ramirez convinces Conner to care about the world again and the two break into SHIELD corp., getting peppered with heavy gunfire by the security. However, after being brought to the autopsy room, they awaken and make their way through the factory. They find Neyman who has been imprisoned and tortured by Blake. Neyman dies peacefully after seeing Conner and hearing that their plan to dismantle the SHIELD corp. will be successful. However, Conner, Ramirez, and Louise fall into a trap involving a powerful ceiling turbine. Ramirez holds back the turbine using up the last of his strength and is crushed and exploded in the ensuing struggle as Conner and Louise escape. Katana tries to stop them but they throw him off the trail and then journey to the main power source of the shield. When Blake tells Katana that he failed, Katana does not take this comment too well and crushes Blake's genitals before throwing him to his death out of his office window. Katana then tracks down Conner at the power source and almost wins, being hindered when he burns his hand in the power beam. Conner then defeats Katana. Katana falls to his knees and Conner swings his sword, decapitating Katana stating defiantly, "There can be only one." He then receives Katana's quickening and enters the beam, ultimately destroying it,destroying the satellite, destroying the shield, and freeing the world once more. Louses watches this in amazement as he emerges victorious and the two leave the Shield corporation's premises.
tt0105327
Drama
David Greene (Brendan Fraser) is a working-class Jewish teenager from Scranton, Pennsylvania during the 1950s, who is given an unusual football scholarship to become the school's starting quarterback at an exclusive Massachusetts protestant prep school, St. Matthew's, or St. Matt's. In this film about coming of age and prejudice, Greene's Jewish heritage is first insulted in a hometown bar and it is after this that his father tells him that he "can't fight his way through life like this" even if his Jewish background is insulted; this is his big chance to go to Harvard. Greene is exposed to prejudice from his first day at his new school. His new football coach, Coach McDevitt, drives him onto the campus. His coach, awkwardly asks about any special "dietary" needs David might have, presumably because of his Jewish background and stresses to not to tell the other boys any more about himself than he has to. When he meets the "other big men on campus" -- Charlie Dillon (Matt Damon), Jack Connors (Cole Hauser), Rip Van Kelt (Randall Batinoff), and David's roommate Chris Reece (Chris O'Donnell)-- he becomes aware of their feelings towards Jews in a conversation about team follower McGivern's (Andrew Lowrey) new hi-fi he "Jewed down" from forty to thirty dollars. Greene finds his faith tested when he attends Protestant chapel and when he must choose between going to temple for Rosh Hashanah as his father wishes and playing football. He copes with this second challenge by playing the game where he establishes himself as the team's leader and throws a long touchdown pass late in the 4th quarter to give St. Matt's a 13-7 win in the game, and later that night reciting Jewish prayers in the chapel in honor of Rosh Hashanah. Beyond dealing with religious prejudice this film deals with social prejudices, abuse of power, and the concept of honor. Fairly early on in the film, it becomes clear that although they are gifted by the circumstances of birth, not all of Greene's classmates are gifted academically. McGivern struggles with French and it is in his struggle that we see what happens when one person abuses the power he or she has over another. McGivern is given a recitation of a passage that counts for a large portion of his final grade in Cleary's French class. Clearly nervous, McGivern stumbles over the translation several times and Cleary berates him (in French) repeatedly. McGivern is unable to complete the recitation and runs out of the classroom. Later he is found on the floor, having a nervous breakdown. In this section of the film there also a scene where Dillon makes a comment about Greene being a survivor and Dillon being forced to live up to the implications of being a Dillon. Dillon tells David he envies him because if David gets what he wants, he'll have deserved it -- while if he doesn't, he'll manage anyway. Dillon, on the other hand, is forced to live up to expectations. "If my name weren't Dillon, things would be different." It is Dillon's character and struggles in history class that brings the concept of honor as well as the expression of full blown prejudice into the forefront. The root of Dillon's problems with Greene can be found on the football field, where Dillon feels that Greene plays a position that was meant for him, proves to be good at it, and therefore receives attention from both his classmates and Dillon's girlfriend, Sally Wheeler (Amy Locane). After a particularly spectacular struggle between Dillon and Greene on the football field in which Greene is forced to make Dillon look bad, Greene's religion is revealed. A St. Luke's alumnus needles a St. Matthew's alumnus about bringing a Jewish player in to break St. Matt's losing streak. Overhearing this, Dillon later confronts David about his heritage by telling a joke about Jews and Pat Boone, and informs the group David is a ringer that was brought in to win despite his Jewish heritage. A fight ensues between the two, broken up by Van Kelt and Chris. This incident occurs in the showers, with Dillon and Greene entirely bare naked. David finds himself ostracized by his teammates and friends. It is also during this reception that Dillon learns that his girlfriend is interested in Greene. David Greene from this point onward is constantly harassed by his classmates, led by Richard "McGoo" Collins (Anthony Rapp) and his bodyguard-like roommate Chesty Smith (Ben Affleck); only Reece and another unnamed student remain loyal to Greene... and they themselves are ostracized as well. Religious prejudice extends to all areas of Greene's life and makes the social prejudices more obvious as well. When he attempts to console Connors who is accused of plagiarizing a French translation assignment, he is rebuffed. Sally refuses to speak to him when he appears unexpectedly at her swim team practice. He is then insulted by his former friends during a meal session where they harass him for providing slow service in the cafeteria, where as a poor student he has to work to help cover school expenses not covered by his scholarship. He goes back to his room that night to find a "Go Home Jew" sign above his bed with a swastika. The climax of the film occurs when Dillon is caught cheating in History class. David suspects the cheating occurred but says nothing when he sees a crib sheet fall to the floor. The teacher, Mr. Geirasch (Michael Higgins), discovers the sheet on the floor after class. During the next class the teacher announces that someone cheated, and due to the school's honor code, the history class themselves must determine justice. David confronts Dillon about the cheating, and Dillon tries to bribe David not to tell anyone. David, however, is determined to set things straight. During a meeting the next morning with the rest of class, Dillon protects himself by accusing David of cheating. After hours of debate, the majority of the class finds David cheated, either because he is Jewish (which they say is an example of the fact that he has a history of lying), or for fear that they will be ostracized for siding with him. David agrees to honor tradition and say he cheated to the headmaster Dr. Bartram (Peter Donat). The next morning, David goes to the headmaster's office to confess, but his history teacher and Van Kelt are in the office and step into the situation. Van Kelt admits he saw Dillon cheat. David does state that he broke the honor code by not bringing up the fact he saw Dillon cheat (as did Van Kelt) but Bartram absolves them both on grounds that this is another evolution of the honor code and sufficient lessons have been learned. Dillon, however, is expelled from school. Bartram then states that he wants to forget the whole thing ever happened, to which David replies that "You're never going to forget this ever happened. Every time you see me on campus, you'll remember that it happened. You used me for football. I'll use you to get into Harvard." In the final scene, as David leaves the headmaster's office, he sees Dillon leaving the school. Dillon (being smarmy and anti-Semetic to the end) says that he will be accepted to Harvard anyway and that years later everybody will have forgotten about his cheating at school, while David will still just be a Jew. "And you'll still be a prick," David replies, and walks away.
tt0094142
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
In Los Angeles, California, aspiring novelist Larry Donner (Billy Crystal) suffers from writer's block as he attempts to begin a new book. He turns on the television and sees his ex-wife, Margaret (Kate Mulgrew), discussing her best-selling novel, Hot Fire, on a daytime talk show with Oprah Winfrey. Larry yells at the television, accusing Margaret of stealing his book. Meanwhile, the middle-aged, downtrodden Owen Lift (Danny DeVito) tends to his verbally abusive "Momma" (Anne Ramsey) When she demands a soda, Owen decides to poison her by pouring lye into the drink. However, just as she is about to take a sip, he has second thoughts and bats the cup out of her hand. Owen attends a community college writing class, taught by Larry Donner. After class, Owen follows Larry to a laundromat and demands to know what the teacher thought of his story, "Murder at My Friend Harry's." Larry tells Owen that his characters lacked motivation and drives away. At home, Larry calls a woman named Beth (Kim Griest) and leaves her a message, apologizing for missing their date. He returns to the blank page in his typewriter. Still uninspired, he types several variations on the opening line, "The night was hot," but gets no further. The next day, he finds Beth, an anthropology teacher at the community college, on campus. He apologizes again for missing their date, and she agrees to give him another chance. Several of Larry's students, including Owen, eavesdrop as Larry complains about his writer's block and his lack of passion. Beth argues that he is passionate about one thing: his ex-wife, Margaret. As Beth walks away, Larry shouts that he hates Margaret and wishes she were dead. Owen hounds Larry for a meeting to discuss his story. When they finally get together late one night, Larry explains that a good murder mystery must eliminate the killer's motive and establish a plausible alibi. He tells Owen to go see an Alfred Hitchcock film for inspiration. Later, Owen watches Hitchcock's 1951 film 'Strangers on a Train', in which the two leading characters agree to "swap murders," eliminating each other's motives. Having overheard Larry's tirade against his ex-wife, Owen assumes his teacher wants to swap murders with him. Owen travels to Hawaii, where Margaret Donner lives. Meanwhile, Larry's agent Joel (Rob Reiner), who recently signed Margaret as a new client, drops Larry. After going to a local jazz club to watch his friend and next door neighbor Lester (Branford Marsailes) practice his saxophone for a performance that evening, Larry then goes to a beach to drown his sorrows where he gets drunk and stays there the rest of the day and all night. Meanwhile, in Hawaii, Owen attempts to murder Margaret Donner at her house, but has to hide when the groundskeeper walks in and begins to have sex with her. Owen sneaks out of the house without being seen and later follows Margaret from the house and onto a ferryboat. As Margaret leans out over the railing to retrieve one of her earrings that fall off, Owen creeps up behind her.... The next morning, Larry, now back at his apartment, is awakened by a phone call from Owen, who announces that he fulfilled his side of the bargain by murdering Margaret. Dumbfounded, Larry insists there was no bargain. He hangs up and runs to his neighbor Lester's apartment, who is in bed with a random woman that he picked up from the nightclub. When Larry asks Lester about his whereabouts for the previous day, Larry quickly realizes that having spent most of the previous day and all night at the beach getting drunk and with no one to verify his whereabouts, he has no alibi. Larry then begins rambles incoherently about needing an alibi, and asks to borrow Lester's car. Driving to Beth's house, Larry hears a radio news report confirming Margaret's disappearance and continues to panic and rightfully thinks that the police will suspect him since he has no alibi for the previous afternoon and night. He explains the ordeal to Beth, who is disturbed by the news, and sends him away. That night, when Owen returns from Hawaii, Larry picks him up at a bus station and demands that he confess to the murder, but Owen refuses. He attempts to scare Owen into submission by speeding, but loses control of the car and runs off the road. They retreat to Owen's house for Larry to hide out from the police, where Larry meets the cold-hearted "Momma," the next morning and begins to understand Owen's alienation. Owen begs Larry to suffocate Momma with a pillow and leaves the house to go bowling that evening so he can have an alibi for himself. In Owen's absence, Larry searches for evidence he can use to incriminate Owen. However, he discovers that Owen purchased an airline ticket to Hawaii under Larry's name. Larry is about to leave the house when Detective DeBenedetto (Bruce Kirby) and another police officer arrive to question Owen about Larry's whereabouts, who returns home just in time to invite them inside. Owen is disappointed to find Momma still alive and Larry hiding in the pantry. He toys with the idea of turning Larry over to the cops, but does not go through with it and sends the police on their way. Later, Owen reprimands Larry for his inaction. Owen sets up a trap for his mother to fall down a flight of stairs while he goes out bowling again the following night, but Larry falls down the stairs instead. Hours later, he regains consciousness and finds Owen trying to kill Momma by blasting a loud horn in her ear, but Momma awakens. The next morning Momma sees a television news report identifying Larry as the prime suspect in Margaret's disappearance. She threatens to call police and Larry flees. He boards a train to Mexico. Owen and Momma follow, and the three ride in a train car together. Larry tells Owen he has resolved himself to this turn of events. He believes he has a great ending to a new story, based on his and Owen's ordeal, but he wonders how to begin, and asks which opening line is better: "The night was humid," or "The night was moist." Momma states matter-of-fact that the line should be, "The night was sultry." Finally driven to kill her, Larry chases Momma through the train. When she reaches the caboose, she loses her balance and falls out. Larry tries to rescue her. Having had a change of heart, Owen arrives and helps Larry pull Momma to safety. Momma praises Owen but kicks Larry off the train. Larry recuperates from the fall in a hospital with a broken leg, where he turns on the television and sees Margaret alive and well and being interviewed. She tells a news reporter that she fell overboard when reaching for her diamond earring, and was rescued by a Polynesian fisherman she now plans to marry. She has already sold film rights to her story for $1.5 million. That night, Larry has nightmares about killing Margaret. He wakes up inspired and begins to write. One year later, Owen reunites with Larry at his apartment, claiming that Momma died a few months ago and he is now free from her. Larry has just finished the manuscript for his new novel, 'Throw Momma from the Train', based on his experiences with Owen and Momma. Owen informs Larry that he recently sold a book about the same thing, titled, 'Momma and Owen and Owen's Friend Larry'. Believing that his book idea has once again been stolen by another writer, Larry strangles Owen. However, he stops short when Owen produces a copy of the book, which is a children's book with pop-up illustrations. The final chapter shows Larry, Owen, and Beth taking a trip to Hawaii together. Sometime later, Larry's book has been published. Beth praises it as she, Larry, and Owen relax on a tropical beach.
tt0443431
Comedy,Romance
In the dirtiest, funniest, most scandalous gay-teen-sex-comedy-parody ever, four young gay friends make a pact to lose their virginity by the end of the summer. The boys soon face giant sex toys, naked celebrities, masochistic teachers and an uncontrollable romance with a quiche. With a dozen jokes a minute and a who's who of gay celebrities (including Graham Norton, Scott Thompson, Ant and Richard Hatch) as you've NEVER seen them before, Another Gay Movie is a candy-colored romp where getting laid is all that matters!
tt0102175
Drama,Romance
Flipper Purify (Wesley Snipes) is a successfully married African American man who works at an architectural firm in New York City. One day, an Italian American woman named Angela "Angie" Tucci (Annabella Sciorra) is hired as a temporary secretary at the place. Flipper complains to his partners Jerry (Tim Robbins) and Leslie (Brad Dourif) about wanting an African American secretary. They tell him that they want "the best human being for the job." When Flipper returns to his Harlem home after visiting his best friend Cyrus (Spike Lee), he tells his wife Drew (Lonette McKee) about his promotion. Drew tells him to be prepared if his promotion is declined, but Flipper tells her not to worry. Meanwhile, Angie returns to her Bensonhurst home, and cooks dinner for her father Mike (Frank Vincent) and her two brothers Charlie (David Dundara) and Jimmy (Michael Imperioli). Her boyfriend Paulie Carbone (John Turturro) arrives and takes her out on a date. Paulie is a regular Italian-American man who co-manages a grocery store in his and Angie's neighborhood. While he waits for Angie, her brothers antagonize Paulie about his relationship with his sister, threatening him with bodily harm if his only intention is to have sex with her. Paulie's able to shake it off and he & Angie leave. One night, Flipper and Angie are working late at the firm, and they start to have a conversation about cooking. They continue to work late and have dinner in his office and they have sex on a desk. The next day, Flipper doesn't speak while walking his daughter to school. Later, at the office, he tells Jerry and Leslie that he wishes to be made a partner at the firm. After his offer is declined, he abruptly quits his job, telling his employers that his ideas have made the firm very profitable. One of his bosses, Leslie tells Flipper they need "a little more time" while Les' partner, Jerry, reacts angrily to Flipper's resignation, saying that his ego is driving his decisions. Later that night at the park, Flipper admits his infidelity to Cyrus. Just then, Flipper's older brother Gator (Samuel L. Jackson) shows up with his girlfriend Vivian (Halle Berry). He asks Flipper for some money so he can feed his crack habit. Flipper initially refuses, but gives in eventually. Meanwhile, Angie tells her two girlfriends that she's seeing Flipper, shocking them when she tells them he is African American. She then tells them not to tell anybody. But her friends just cannot stop their gossiping and they secretly tell one of Angie's brothers, who likewise, tells their father Mike. The next evening, Flipper and Angela are ignored by the racist staff at a local restaurant. He complains to an African-American waitress (Queen Latifah) about not being served, she in turn berates him for dating a white woman. Later, the rumors about them surface when Flipper comes home and sees a furious Drew throwing his things out of the second floor window, forcing him to move back in with his mother Lucinda (Ruby Dee) and his father the Good Reverend Doctor (Ossie Davis) in nearby Brooklyn. Later that night, he confronts Cyrus for betraying his trust. Cyrus admits that he told his wife Vera (Veronica Webb), but he didn't know that she would tell Drew (plus several other people in the neighborhood). Flipper insults Vera for her big mouth and inability to keep a secret which causes a rift in his friendship with Cyrus, who demands he apologize to Vera, but Flipper refuses. Shortly after, Flipper ends his friendship with Cyrus after seeing that although Cyrus does like and support Flipper, he will always side with his wife regardless of her actions. The next day, Flipper tries to make things up to Drew by bringing her flowers at work, which she refuses. The two have a nasty argument and Flipper leaves. Meanwhile, Angie ends her relationship with Paulie. His father Lou (Anthony Quinn) finds Paulie in the bathroom and consoles him. When Angie returns home, a livid and racist Mike violently beats her for dating a black man and throws her out of the house. Flipper and Angie move in to an apartment together, where they subsequently encounter social problems including a failed dinner with Flipper's parents who disapprove of their son dating someone outside his race. These and other racial issues eventually strain relations between the couple. One night, things come to a head when the police almost arrest Flipper after receiving a wrongful report from another racist white person that "a white lady was being attacked" (this, due to somebody apparently having watched them in a compromising position over a car hood from a window, since it looked like he was forcing himself on her). Afterword, Flipper and Angie get into another huge argument when he tells her that he refuses to have half-blood children with her. When Paulie hears the confession from Angie about her affair with a black man, he is heartbroken. This, somehow, gives him the courage to ask a black female regular customer, named Orin Goode (Tyra Ferrell), out on a date. This puts him at odds with his own racist father and his friends, whom he gets into a fight with, although he winds up hurt himself. Orin turns down Paulie's request to go out on a date. When he pesters her, Orin tells him off by saying that her parents have forbidden her from dating a man outside her race and she will not defy her parents out of blind loyalty to them. Paulie finds himself more emotionally hurt and alone then ever. One night, a high-on-dope Gator storms into his parents house one night while the Reverend is away, demanding money from Lucinda while trashing the house. The Reverend arrives and threatens to shoot him if he doesn't leave. Gator turns to leave, but upon hearing the Reverend insult him, he turns around and threatens him. The Reverend tells Gator he is better off dead, and shoots him in the groin. Gator cries in pain as he slowly dies in his mother's arms. However, The Reverend shows a small sign of regret. Eventually, due to the great gap created between them two, Flipper admits that he was only curious about being with a white woman, and he tells Angie that she should accept she was also curious about black men. They break up and he leaves the apartment they were sharing. Angie returns to her father's house where she apologizes for getting into a romance with a man who's color skin is different. Mike awkwardly welcomes Angie back. In the end, Flipper is seen having sex with Drew again, but she is laughing and crying at the same time. When they finish, she sends him off. It is clear that they were obviously not back together and she only called him over for sex, with no seemingly immediate solution in regards to it. He kisses his daughter Ming (Veronica Timbers) goodbye and walks out to go home back to his parents house. Then, at the turn of the corner, a very young black girl asks him to let her do oral sex on him for two dollars. Stunned, Flipper embraces her and screams to the heavens: NOOOOOOO!!!!. (It was not clear whether the plot had leaped forward to some years later and this girl was Ming, or that he was only shocked to see this teenager whoring herself for drug money.)
tt0107282
Drama
The film begins with June's short narrative prologue about the swan feather in the opening credits and then her farewell surprise party in San Francisco for June's upcoming reunion with her long-lost twin sisters in China. Among the guests are members of The Joy Luck Club, their daughters, other relatives, and friends. The characters narrate their journeys while they reflect upon their pasts. The Joy Luck Club was formed by four women; Lindo Jong (Tsai Chin), Ying-Ying St. Clair (France Nuyen), An-Mei Hsu (Lisa Lu), and Suyuan Woo (Kieu Chinh), in San Francisco. The members have mainly played mahjong and told each other's stories over the years. They immigrated from China, remarried, and gave birth to children in America. Suyuan's daughter June (Ming-Na Wen) replaced her in the mahjong group when Suyuan died four months before the time the film is set. The mothers have high hopes for their daughters' success, but the daughters struggled through "anxiet[ies,] feelings of inadequacy and failure[s]." The mothers and daughters grow to know each other better and bond by the telling and learning of each mothers past to understand each other and overcoming their conflicts. Lindo and Waverly In China, four-year-old Lindo (Ying Wu) is arranged, by her mother and the matchmaker, to be married to Huang Tai Tai's son when she grows up. When Lindo turns fifteen , her mother sends her to Huang Tai Tai, so Lindo marries Tai Tai's son, Tyan Hu, a pre-pubescent boy who has no interest in her. During four years of childless and loveless marriage, she is frequently abused by her frustrated mother-in-law, who believes Lindo's childlessness is her own fault. Lindo eavesdrops on the servant girl telling her lover that she is pregnant, so Lindo realizes her chance to leave the marriage without dishonor. Later, Lindo purportedly ruins her clothes and then claims that she had a nightmare in which Tyan Hu's ancestors threatened to punish her, Tyan Hu and the matchmaker. Then Lindo claims that the ancestors impregnated the servant girl with Tyan Hu's child. Tai Tai does not believe Lindo until Tai Tai quickly discovers the servant's pregnancy through inspection. Finally, Lindo claims that the matchmaker intentionally wrongly paired Lindo and Tyan Hu for more money. Tai Tai orders the matchmaker out of her family's life, allowing the servant girl to have her marriage. Lindo is able to escape the house and moves to Shanghai. Years later in America, Lindo has a new husband, a son, and a daughter named Waverly (Tamlyn Tomita). Between the ages of six and nine, Waverly has become a chess champion. Annoyed by Lindo using Waverly to "show off" at the streets, Waverly shouts at her mother and decides to quit chess. When she tries to play it again, Waverly loses one chess round, prompting her to retire from chess. Years later, she has a daughter Shoshana from her previous Chinese ex-husband and is going to marry a Caucasian fiancé, Rich (Christopher Rich), much to Lindo's chagrin. In order to make Lindo appreciate Rich, Waverly brings him to a family dinner. Rich fails to impress them especially by improperly using chopsticks and marinating the dish with a sauce, humiliating Waverly. A while later, at the hair salon, Lindo retells her moments with her own mother, and declares that she likes Rich very much, she then gives marital blessings to Waverly and Rich, prompting her and Waverly to reconcile with each other. At June's farewell party, Rich almost successfully uses a chopstick but accidentally drops a piece, impressing Lindo. Ying-Ying and Lena In China, Ying-Ying St. Clair was happily married to Lin-Xiao (Russell Wong) with a baby boy in China until Lin-Xiao abused her and abandoned her for an opera singer. Lin-Xaio is seen at his happiest when he is cruel to Ying-Ying, especially in bringing his Opera Singer home to engage in sex in front of his wife, calling both women not better than whores. Overcome by her depression, Ying-Ying drowns her baby son in the bathtub. Years after she immigrated to America, she struggled with her traumatic past, frightening her new family, including her daughter Lena (Lauren Tom). After Ying-Ying finally resolved her years of trauma, Lena shows Ying-Ying around her new apartment with her Asian American husband Harold (Michael Paul Chan), who is also Lena's boss. Lena is uncomfortable with her financial arrangements with Harold. Even though Harold makes nearly seven times Lena does in wages, he insists that they split the costs of their life evenly with a list of things that they share, making their home life contentious. Lena feels her husband has no respect for her. Seeing that Lena is unhappy with her marriage, Ying-Ying knocks over a table in the bedroom and causes the vase on it to fall and break. Lena goes to her mother, and admits her unhappiness. Ying-Ying replies that Lena should leave and not come back until he gives her what she wants. At the farewell party, Lena is shown to have another fiancé and announces her plans to go to Lake Tahoe with him. An-Mei and Rose Nine-year-old An-Mei Hsu (Yi Ding) is reunited with her long-lost mother (Vivian Wu), who was disowned by her family for her "dalliance" with a wealthy middle-aged man Wu-Tsing shortly after her husband's death, and who arrives to see her dying mother (Lucille Soong). In order to not lose her again, An-Mei moves out with her mother to Wu-Tsing's house against her relatives' wishes for her to remain with them. She finds that Wu-Tsing has another three wives, making An-Mei's mother the Fourth Wife(the equivalent to a Concubine). Later, she learns that the Second Wife tricked An-Mei's mother into being raped and impregnated by Wu-Tsing. When the relatives did not believe An-Mei's mother and kicked her out, she reluctantly became Wu-Tsing's Fourth Wife as she had nowhere else to turn. After she gave birth to a boy, the Second Wife took him away from her and claimed him as her own. After An-Mei discovers the past, her mother ultimately commits suicide by eating "sticky rice balls" laced with opium, choosing the day of her death carefully to threaten Wu-Tsing with the vengeance of her angry ghost. Afraid of this curse, Wu-Tsing vows to raise An-Mei and her half-brother with great care. When the Second Wife tries to stop Wu-Tsing from letting this happen, An-Mei suddenly destroys the remains of the faux pearl necklace, indicating that An-Mei is aware of the Second Wife's cruelty and manipulation. Second Wife backs down, realizing the trouble she caused for An-Mei's mother and that she lost control of the house. Years later in America, An-Mei's daughter Rose (Rosalind Chao) has been dating her boyfriend Ted Jordan (Andrew McCarthy) since college. When he confronts his aristocratic mother (Diane Baker) for insulting Rose mainly due to her race, Rose is impressed and agreed to marry him. During the marriage however, Rose and Ted become distant from each other, and despite their problems Rose remains submissive to Ted. They have a daughter but this does not resolve their marital problems. To make matters worse, Ted cheats on her with another woman. An-Mei compares Rose to her own late mother. To avoid having the same fate, Rose stands up to Ted, reclaiming her strength, by telling him to leave the house and not take a daughter away from her. This compels Ted to take her seriously and not continue taking her for granted. At June's farewell party, Rose shares with Ted a slice of cake and feeds him frosting as they share a loving moment. Suyuan and June The setting is early World War II, when the Japanese invaded China, Suyuan Woo escaped the invasion with her twin baby daughters and all her posessions, seeking refuge in the northern Chinese territories where the Japanese have yet to make a stronghold. When Suyuan became ill with dysentery during her quest for refuge, her cart breaks down, causing the babies to fall. Suyuan abandons all her possessions to carry the babies to refuge. Near death, Suyuan was unable to carry the babies herself, realizing that no one will help her and abandoned them at the base of a large tree, (knowing that someone will take the babies) along with, all of her jewelry, including a photo of herself and a note that promises more money if the babies are delivered ot their father in the North. Suyuan was taken in by a passerby, and survived, but was haunted by the loss of her daughters and never knew what happened to them. After she remarried in America, Suyuan has high hopes for her new daughter June, but June constantly fails to meet her expectations out of a lack of interest. She performs badly during a piano recital at age nine, and when Suyuan pushes her to continue training to be a concert pianist, June refuses, saying that she wishes herself dead like Suyuan's other daughters. At a dinner party a year before Suyuan's passing, Waverly Jong, June's long-time rival whom she is doing advertising copywrite freelancing for, turns down her business ideas as not meeting the needs of her company, and Suyuan implies Waverly has more style than June. The following day, June berates Suyuan for her remarks and admits she could never live up to her high expectations. June says that Suyuan is disappointed in her because June dropped out of college, is never married, and does not have a successful career. However, Suyuan gives her a jade necklace and explains that she meant June has a far kinder heart than Waverly and has style that she was born with and that cannot be taught. Last Easter before the farewell party, June received the news from the Club that the long-lost twins were alive. When June could not understand the twins' letter written in Chinese, Lindo purportedly mistranslated the letter to make June believe that the twins knew about Suyuan's death and their long-lost half-sister June. When the farewell party ends, Lindo confesses that she wrote letters to the twins and then signed Suyuan's name. June begs Lindo to tell them the truth, but Lindo will not interfere further because the twin sisters still believe Suyuan is alive and that June must tell them herself. When she arrives in China to meet her sisters, June tells them the truth about Suyuan, and embraces them. In finally accepting her Chinese culture, June is able to make peace with her deceased mother.
tt0396707
Adventure,Family,Fantasy
The story follows the exploits of thirteen-year-old orphan Maria Merryweather (Dakota Blue Richards), whose sole inheritance from her father is a book. This is no ordinary tome, however in Maria's hands, its ancient story comes alive. The book chronicles an age-old rivalry between the Merryweather and De Noir families over a set of magical pearls, and as Maria delves into the mysterious tale, she finds herself fantastically entangled in the bitter feud. Left penniless by her father's death, Maria has no choice but to leave the city and live with her taciturn uncle, Sir Benjamin Merryweather, at his isolated country estate in Moonacre Valley. On her way to her new home with her caretaker Miss Heliotrope, Maria's carriage is attacked by Robin, the De Noir family's teenaged son. Although she is unharmed, the incident gives Maria a frightening taste of the animosity between the two clans. Having spent the night at her tower, Maria has been surrounded by magic, the stars on the ceiling of her room falls, one by one. She also noticed that the house seemed falling apart. She questions her uncle, but she was reprimanded not to enter the forest. When Maria arrives at the Merryweather property, her uncle spies the unusual book in her possession, and immediately confiscates it. With the help of the estate's resourceful chef, however, Maria relocates the book and continues reading, finally discovering the weight of her responsibility: she has been anointed the last Moon Princess of the valley. It is up to her to find the magic pearls before the next full moon and end the conflict between the two families. If she fails in her quest, the dark curse following the Merryweather family will destroy Moonacre Valley for good. But is this a challenge Maria is ready to accept? [D-Man2010]
tt0433416
Drama
The film begins with a train accident whose significance the audience will learn further on. A young Bengali girl called Ashima (Tabu) trained in classical singing has her marriage arranged to a Bengali man called Ashoke Ganguli (Irrfan Khan) who has settled in New York. After moving to the US and leaving behind her family and the life as she knows it, the two of them try to adjust to the way of life in New York and to assimilate the cultural differences. The food, the cold weather, a crammed flat in the middle of a big city where Ashima can't meet her neighbors, the language... everything is difficult for her. Ashoke is studying and working many hours, and that's difficult for her as well, for Ashima feels lonely many times. He has got intellectual and professional ambitions, and adapts better than her. In time, the couple grow to love one another though it is hard for them to express their feelings, having been brought up to hide emotions between a man and woman. In time, Ashima gives birth to a baby boy, and the father who is studying for a PhD, names the boy Gogol in honor of the Russian author by the same name with whom he has a special affinity. But according to Bengali custom the child is given the "good name" of Nikil which is soon shortened to Nicky by his American acquaintances. In time another child is born, a girl named Sonia. Later, the audience will know the significance for Ashoke of that name. Sonia (Shahira Nair as a teenager) will become a rebellious teenager herself. The traditions of her culture doesn't offer her much place for fulfillment or professional ambitions. She feels like a fish out of water during family reunions especially with her grandparents, (Ruma Guha Thakurta, Tanushree Shankar, Sabyasachi Chakraborty and Tamal Ray Chowdhury) who disregard her and ask her when she is going to settle down, marry and have children. She doesn't feel the need to do none, and the boyfriends she has will be met on her own terms. She moves down to California to lead an independent life. Gogol (Kal Penn) grows up as a typical American teenager and, inspired by a family trip to the Taj Mahal in India, studies to become an architect. He finds love with Maxine Ratliff (Jacinda Barrett), an all-American blonde girl from a wealthy family. He feels soon a part of her family, which goes hand in hand with his distancing from his own family. His father has to travel to teach at a university in Ohio for six months. While there, Ashoke feels a bit of a stomachache. Unexpectedly he dies from a heart attack. Gogol is forced to confront his fears about his cultural identity and rejects Maxine's attempts to support him through his intense grief, which ultimately ends their relationship. She tries to understand him, but he won't let her. Gogol remembers the story his father told him: he came out alive of that train accident and it was a miracle he did so. The person in front of him was Gosh (Jagannath Guha). Ashoke is reading a book by the Russian classical author Nikolai Gogol and doesn't want to be bothered by Gosh, who points to the beautiful scenery. Gosh dies, as should have Ashoke, who is found by a rescue team. Gogol meets an old childhood acquaintance, Moushumi Mazundar (Zuleikha Robinson), a second generation Bengali like himself, who has embraced the western way of life as keenly as he has. Their parents had hoped on their marriage, but neither of them was interested at that moment. She had other secret plans, and he found her ugly, meek, and too obedient of her family's wishes. Now she's become a businesswoman and has seen the world on her own. Without her glasses, with a modern hairstyle and western clothes, she looks sexy. She is good fun and ambitious. They get married. Making love is very intense, especially for him. However, she likes to socialize much more than him, and he doesn't quite fit with her flamboyant intelligentsia-like friends. The last drop is Moushumi's affair with a French ex-boyfriend of hers. Gogol finally learns to make peace with his culture and his circumstances. He and Moushumi acknowledge that no one is perfect and to depart from each other. Gogol wants to be alone in the USA for a while. On the opposite, her mother Ashima has decided to return to India and she will probably never come back to the USA, a country which she has probably never understood or felt part of As usual, Gogol refuses his mother's help. She offers to call off a trip to India she's already bought the tickets for, but he tells her to go. He tells her that he's never felt free like this before.
tt0447854
Animation,Drama,Family
Picking up shortly after the original movie's end, Bambi follows his father, the Great Prince, into the forest after his mother's death and the Great Prince must teach the young fawn, and his friends Thumper, Flower and Owl, how a deer survives in the forest. But the Great Prince finds that his high-spirited son may have a lesson or two to teach him, as well.
tt0399095
Crime,Drama,Thriller
The camera pans along tall, lightly forested hills with lively Spanish music playing in the background. We pan along the sprawling Mexico City, the camera view wending through the streets and overhead. Finally we come to a ramshackle house among the poorer quarters of the city, but one with a festive mood, celebrating a 13th birthday party for Adriana (Paulina Gaitan). As Adriana's mother is cooking, Adriana's older brother, Jorge (Cesar Ramos) comes home, bringing his sister a beautiful birthday present, a girls' bicycle. Adriana is delighted with the gift, hugging her brother gratefully, but their mother, Lupe, is skeptic; where did Jorge get the money to pay for the bicycle? Moreover, she doesn't approve of his latest group of friends, believing they look seedy. Jorge says they helped him get a job giving tours at the Zocalo in English. He needs to hurry to work now, having just stopped by to drop off the bike. But Lupe doesn't approve, neither of Jorge's supposed job, nor of how he acquired the bike. She also believes, that with her husband and Jorge and Adriana's father gone, it falls to Jorge to look after his young sister. Lupe flatly forbids Adriana to keep or ride it, saying it will be brought back soon as possible. As Jorge drives off with his friends, we switch to a passenger airline where a young Polish woman named Veronica (Alicja Bachleda) is practicing English as she rides to Mexico City with a friend and an older woman. Their flight lands and they get their passports stamped. The older woman is bringing Veronica and her friend to the western hemisphere to work for what appears to be a modeling agency. She introduces the two young women to Vadim Youchenko (Pasha 'Pavel' Lychnikoff), the head of the agency, and his cohort, Manuelo (Marco Pérez), who offers the women each a flower. Vadim and Manuelo will be arranging transportation for the two through Mexico up to Los Angeles. The older woman politely says she'll need the two younger ladies' passports, and they hand them over without a fuss before going with Vadim and Manuelo. Veronica's brunette friend says that something doesn't feel right to her. The agency workers shouldn't need their passports, she insists. Veronica asks the woman escort why their passports were collected. When told it's for their visas, Veronica says they already have them. The three agency workers look at each other with shifty eyes before the older woman gently takes Veronica's arm, leading her toward the car, and her voice suddenly becomes dangerous as she reminds Veronica that the agency knows where her parents live-- and that she has a very young son. Vadim suddenly grabs Veronica and pulls her into the car, covering her mouth with his hand. The brunette girl drops her suitcase and flees with Manuelo in pursuit. The brunette girl runs straight across the roadway leading out of the airport... into its traffic. A passenger car tries to slow down, but cannot do so in time. The brunette girl is struck down by the car, and she lies dead on the ground. Veronica screams, but Vadim's hand covering her mouth keeps anyone from hearing. Manuelo and the older woman jump into their car and drive off with Veronica, while the gathering crowd is focused on the dead young woman lying in the road. We see Jorge approaching an American tourist, offering to act as a guide. When the tourist seems disinterested, Jorge offers him a brochure for a museum, which, when opened, is shown to contain photographs of beautiful, naked young Mexican women. Jorge gives a smooth pitch about how these girls can please American tourists and that American money goes a long way in Mexico. The tourist follows Jorge toward this encounter, only to find that it's a setup. Jorge's two friends quickly flank the tourist, pistols drawn and pressed against his neck. They divest him of his wallet, suitcase and all his other valuables, before slyly suggesting he now hates all Mexicans, and they in turn, hate gringos. They make it look like they're going to kill him, but the guns shoot only water. Jorge and his two friends run off quickly, laughing uproariously as the tourist stands shaken in the empty street. The three of them meet a large circle of friends at a Mexican cantina, where they party and celebrate into the evening. The next morning, Adriana is drawing a card for Jorge as thanks for the bicycle. She sneaks to her mother's room, while her mother is still sleeping, and quietly grabs the keys off a small bookcase. Adriana goes out riding her bicycle across the neighborhood, against her mother's orders. Watching the neighborhood pan by her, she doesn't notice a black car beginning to follow her. Finally looking over her shoulder, she sees the car and smiles as she waves to them to let them know she'll slow down so they can drive ahead, but the car doesn't oblige. Adriana finally begins to understand that something's very amiss, and she quickly turns into a narrow alley, through which the car cannot follow. She looks relieved as the car pauses for a few seconds, and then drives away. But the driver of the car knows the ramshackle shanty neighborhood better than Adriana does. As she emerges from the other end of the alley, the car is there, cutting her off. Adriana's bike tips over and she falls off, onto the ground. Two men jump out of the car, grab Adriana up and carry her, kicking and screaming, inside, before driving off with her, leaving her bike in the street. Jorge and one of his accomplices are hanging out on the corner in front of the cantina as their other friend is making out with a girl in their car. A young boy rides by on a bicycle, and Jorge's friend laughs, saying the boy is riding a girl's bike. Jorge looks and realizes to his shock, that the boy is riding Adriana's bike. Springing to his feet, he chases after the boy as his friends run to catch up. Jorge catches the boy, pulling him off the bike and down to the ground. The three start roughing him up as Jorge accuses him of stealing the bike. The boy protests he found it in the street and offers to lead them there if they don't hurt him. The boy brings them to where he found the bike. Jorge looks crushed as he sees the card Adriana drew for him, still lying on the ground. He runs to a residential hut and pounds on the door, asking the tenant if she saw what happened to the girl on the bike. But Jorge's two friends quickly point out that in this shanty neighborhood, nobody seees anything-- often by choice. Their only hope is to see a local government official they know, named Don Victor. Victor tells them that he has a hunch who's taken Adriana. Mexico City is a prime stalking ground for Russian sex traffickers looking for young virgins. Adriana's young age means she's surely a virgin, which to a sex trafficker, is worth her weight in gold. Jorge asks for Victor's help, but Victor warns him that these traffickers are dangerous men with a large network throughout Mexico City. He laughs noisily at Jorge's insistence that he and his friends aren't afraid of anyone, letting them know that the Russians are not to be messed with. Looking over his shoulder, Jorge finds that Victor is right-- his two best friends have quickly been intimidated into not wanting to stick their necks out in such a manner. Jorge rages in anger until Victor grabs him and sits him down, describing what he knows of the traffickers' M.O. They each have several contacts in Mexico City, using them to sell and trade the girls from one hand to another, until they're smuggled into America near a large airport, such as Newark in New Jersey. Finally they're sold for a lot of money to degenerate men looking to deflower such young virgin girls. Vadim and Manuelo herd Veronica into one of many stash houses where captive girls are kept; one waypoint of many along the route into brutal slavery. A dangerous looking, large dog makes thoughts of flight vanish into thin air. Veronica fearfully begs Vadim not to hurt her. Vadim merely tells her to sit and relax. As 'encouragement,' he holds a photo of Veronica's little son and tears it in half, letting the pieces drop to the floor. Suddenly he punches the frightened young woman right in her face and throws her to the floor, grabbing her by her throat. Forcing Veronica onto her stomach, he shoves her skirt up to her hips and yanks her panties down to her knees, before dropping his pants and raping her. The other captive girls, including Adriana, huddle in the far corner, terrified. As Vadim rapes Veronica, her mind spins back to the travel agency she visited in Poland, which helped her arrange her flight. The agent told Veronica that a layover in Mexico City would save her a lot of money, and it was close to Los Angeles, rich with job openings so she could make enough money to bring her son into America. When she asked why they needed the names and addresses of her parents, the agent smiled and said, 'standard bureaucratic nonsense.' Gears click and Veronica understands this was the first step in the terrible trap laid for her. Jorge's friends drop him near a back alley where Don Victor knows young women are paraded around in a circle while prospective johns look them over like a herd of cattle. He walks through the alley, discreetly trying to see each woman's face, and finds Adriana isn't there. At the stash house, Manuelo is making Adriana take a pill. He then goes to the mattress where Veronica still lays, dazed after her rape. Her eyes drift open as he reaches out to touch her. Manuelo tells her that he has a vitamin for her that will help ease the pain she's in. Veronica takes the pill and puts it in her mouth, but declines a sip of water. Manuelo gets up and walks out. Soon as she hears the door close, Veronica spits the pill back out. Adriana picks up the pieces of the torn photograph and puts them near Veronica's hand. Veronica pushes the pieces underneath her body as Adriana sits near her. Both girls speak just enough English to communicate. Veronica sees that Adriana wears a necklace with an image of Mary, and asks if Adriana prays to her. Adriana says she does, and that Mary will guide Jorge to find her. Tears come to Adriana's eyes as she leans over and hugs Veronica as she would a sister. Jorge walks through crowded streets as he asks any random passerby whose attention he can get, about Adriana, giving a description that he doesn't realize is painfully vague and can apply to any of millions of young teenage girls in Mexico City. Worse, he doesn't know just how close he is to the stash house. Manuelo opens a door and herds the captive girls out, including Adriana. Jorge happens to turn to one side and look into a mirror, which shows a reflection over his shoulder. He sees Adriana, and Vadim and Manuelo. Jorge hides behind a cart, getting a good look at Vadim's face as he herds the girls into a truck, and his female accomplice drives up with a very young boy. Jorge races back to the cantina where he finds his friend Alejandro high on pot while sitting in the car. He throws Alejandro out onto the street and jumps in the car, trying to follow the truck. In the truck, Veronica sees one of the other captives is feeling very sick. She goes to Adriana and tells her not to swallow any more pills. She knows that they're no vitamins, but a drug to keep the captives under control. The truck stops and the girls are delighted to see two Mexican border agents-- but quickly find the officers receive sex with captive girls in return for looking the other way on the trafficking. One of the agents chooses Veronica, and Manuelo orders the other girls out of the truck onto the road to wait. Veronica assures Adriana that they can't hurt her any more than they already have. As the agent climbs into the truck and leers at Veronica, Jorge hides behind a rock slope, watching the truck. The traffickers are using a produce delivery truck to look inconspicuous. Manuelo pays the other guard for fake ID's and passports for the other girls. He makes Adriana put on a pretty dress and shoes, and pose provocatively for a photograph as Jorge watches in outrage. Unable to watch any further, he hunkers down behind the rock slope and cries. In the shanty outskirts of Juárez, a town near the border, Jorge's car runs out of fuel. He gets out and runs frantically down the road, seeing that he's lost sight of the truck. Veronica, Adriana and several other captive children are in a stash house in Juárez. Adriana tries to offer a portion of what food they've been given, to Veronica, concerned that the older girl hasn't eaten. Veronica only stares at the torn photo of her child, trying to fit the pieces together as if she could undo the tear. Manuelo walks into the cell, picks up a stuffed doll, and mocks Veronica not eating. Furiously angry, with no concern for her personal well-being, Veronica jumps to her feet, boldly and brazely telling Manuelo that one day, he'll suffer for all he's done, not only to her, but the other children. Manuelo stares back for a few seconds before laughing Veronica off and calling her a communist. Jorge finds a small shop and thirstily gulps down water from a bottle. He asks the shop owner if he can use her phone. Jorge calls his mother, but can't answer when she asks in a wary tone if it's him. He hangs up and glances out the window, spotting the produce truck again. Late in the evening, Jorge creeps over to the truck and finds his way to the stash house. It's now abandoned, the holding cage empty. As Jorge looks at the few clothes left on the mattresses and on the floor, he hears the sound of another car. Hearing someone getting out of the car, he hides behind the refrigerator in the kitchen. Ray Sheridan (Kevin Kline), an insurance fraud investigator, walks into the stash house, his flashlight beam shining near Jorge's location but not onto him. As Ray passes by the kitchen, heading toward the caged enclosure, Jorge creeps out of the stash house behind him, and hides in the trunk of Ray's car. Meanwhile, Ray shines his flashlight along old, semi-faded sketches covering the walls of the caged enclosure, many showing scenes of kids with families, and being pulled away from them; sketches made by frightened, despairing children. Manuelo brings the captives to the Rio Grande river on foot. When they see he expects them to wade across it, they recoil uncertainly, until Veronica takes point in climbing down and wading across. Adriana and the other children follow, with Manuelo bringing up the rear. Soon as they're across, a border patrol vehicle comes driving up; border officers coming out to arrest everyone. Manuelo grabs Adriana and warns all the kids not to say a word, or he'll make sure all their family members are killed. As yet unaware of the stowaway he carries, Ray gets a room in a motel and calls his wife, Patty (Linda Emond). He tells her he's in Juárez, although he doesn't tell her why. He says he'll be home tomorrow. Their pet cat is ill and Patty needs to take her to the vet. After hanging up, Ray pulls out a wrinkled old photo of a girl looking to be around five or six years old, looking at it. The next morning, as Ray is driving across the border, a radio news program talks about (then-President) George W. Bush having spent $1.9 billion on tightening border security against unlawful immigration. Manuelo and his captives are in an immigrant detention center. As Manuelo is being documented, Veronica rushes to the gate, frightfully begging a guard to listen to her. But he only laughs her off when she tries to tell him that she's a kidnap victim. A school bus drops off a class of high-school students learning the Spanish language. One of the girls goes over to Adriana and introduces herself, saying why she's here, and gives Adriana an American fashion magazine. Driving through a town on the American side of the border, Ray stops at a gas station convenience store for a beverage. As he's returning to his car, he hears a noise from the trunk. He goes to investigate and discovers Jorge. Jorge tries to slam the trunk against Ray and make a run for it, but Ray proves too much for Jorge to handle, deftly grappling him and forcing him into the back passenger seat, telling Jorge that he's a cop and they're taking a ride to the nearest police station. With nothing else to lose, Jorge tells Ray the truth about why he hid in Ray's car to sneak into America. Ray is, as expected, skeptical, until Jorge tells how he saw Ray go into the stash house in Juárez; the same house Jorge had tracked his sister to. Ray still maintains some skepticism, but tries to assure Jorge that the American police will help him if he's being truthful. Jorge, however, is too distrustful of any police, whether in Mexico or America, and points out that even if they think he's telling the truth, they'll just deport him back to Mexico and then probably drag their feet on finding Adriana until she's through the 'tunnel' and sold off, at which point she'll become untraceable. But after Jorge finishes his plea, Ray only says he's going to the police. Manuelo and party have been deported back across the border into Mexico, and he's marching them back along a different route. As Manuelo watches a patrolling vehicle, the children all pray before a Catholic shrine. As they all begin moving again, Veronica looks back and sees Manuelo praying at the shrine. At the police station, Ray appears to be struggling with whether to believe Jorge's story. He tells Jorge not to move, and shows his badge to the front desk officer, asking to speak to the officer's CO about 'that boy who says his sister's been kidnapped.' The officer promptly asks, 'Which boy?' and Ray sees he should have known better than to think Jorge would listen to 'Don't move.' Fortunately, it takes Ray little time to find and catch up to Jorge. This time Ray offers to help Jorge himself, saying he knows someone from the Academy who he can turn to. Having already been hauled to the police station once, Jorge has little reason to believe Ray now, until Ray points out that Jorge's chances of success in finding his sister are nil, without his help. Manuelo herds the captives back across the river and are met by Alex Green (Zack Ward), a contact in the 'tunnel' with a van to continue bringing them all toward New Jersey. Alex stops at a rest stop where trafficked girls are traded and johns can pay for sex. When Manuelo tries to take Adriana out of the car, Veronica comes to her defense, fiercely insisting she be taken instead. Seeing a look in Manuelo's eyes, she challenges him as being afraid of her. But Manuelo simply punches her square in her nose, knocking her unconscious, and yanks Adriana out of the car. He sells a middle-aged john a blow job from her for $80, saying he can't take regular intercourse because she's still a virgin. The john herds Adriana through tall reed grass, where several other girls plead tearfully to no avail, as other johns force the girls to pleasure them. Adriana is sold several times, forced to give blow jobs to a number of men who each pay Manuelo $80 for her time. Ray is on the phone with Patty at a rest stop, learning that the vet put their cat to sleep. Patty takes her grief out on Ray, who didn't bring his cell phone with him to Juárez, making him unreachable. Ray and Jorge are sitting down to eat at the rest stop's diner. Ray sees a man sitting at a booth with a young Thai boy. As a waitress takes their order, the man leaves with the boy, Ray watching them. Noticing, Jorge turns to look, and suddenly jumps to his feet, saying he knows the kid. Jorge races out, quickly losing sight of the man and boy. Tearing through the parking lot, he causes a scene which attracts a passing officer, who demands to see identification, which Jorge isn't carrying. Fortunately, Ray catches up and shows his badge, acting as if Jorge is his son. Jorge tells Ray that he saw the Thai boy being put into the same truck that Adriana was put into. Turning, they see the pedophile again leading the boy through the parking lot and push him into a public restroom. Ray orders Jorge to take the boy to the police, and then warns the pedophile about the cops, and that they can go outside to deal with them, or Ray can ask the man for information one on one. As the police move in to arrest the pedophile, Ray hurries Jorge away with bad news. The pedophile bought the boy from the traffickers, but didn't see what happened to the others. He has no idea where they are or where they were going. Manuelo and Alex are with Veronica, Adriana and the Brazilian girl at another stash house. Manuelo is posting photos he took of Adriana onto a child trafficking website. In the bathroom, Veronica grimly brushes her teeth, and turns at the sound of Adriana sobbing. As she showers, Adriana cries that after what's happened to her, her mother won't love her anymore, meaning she can't go home even if she's rescued. Veronica tries to comfort the girl and insists that her mother will always love her. Alex comes into the restroom and forces them both to swallow a pill. He holds Veronica's nose and covers her mouth, leaving her unable to breathe until she swallows. Fearful at the display, Adriana takes her pill willingly. In the middle of the night, Ray makes Jorge wait just outside an internet cafe. Going online, Ray finds his way to the trafficking website. giving the correct user names and passwords to navigate through the correct locations of a seemingly legitimate real estate website to reach photos and auction information on trafficked children. As he looks through the photographs, Jorge comes up behind him. He points at a photograph, saying that's his sister. Adriana's name is given as Maria, and her age is falsely listed as 15. Jorge fights back bile as he sees the photos that he watched Manuelo take of Adriana, along with an online auction ID number, and that bidding will start at $500 soon. Later that morning, Ray has passed the information on to his contact, who'll forward it to the internet crimes unit. As Ray mentions he gave his contact the website location and passwords, Jorge realizes Ray got all this from the pedophile they'd stopped at the diner. Ray says the pedophile paid $25,000 as the highest bidder, to have the boy smuggled in from Thailand and delivered to him. They need to get to New Jersey in time for when Adriana is auctioned. Waking up, Adriana and Veronica overhear Manuelo arguing with someone he calls 'Laura' on his cell phone. After hanging up, Manuelo tells Alex that Adriana's auction has been set up for tomorrow and they have to be in New Jersey by then. Alex had freaked out on drugs during the night and accidentally killed the Brazilian girl, meaning Veronica and Adriana are the only remaining captives in Manuelo's custody. Alex stops the van off the road and gets out to relieve himself. Manuelo sees both Veronica and Adriana are asleep, so he steps out as well. But Veronica was wide awake and alert, and sees her chance. Waking Adriana, she creeps out around the back of the van, and the two girls make their break. Veronica and Adriana make it across the road into a town that is in the midst of a parade and celebration. Veronica and Adriana hug joyfully. Veronica spots a police officer watching the parade and tells Adriana to go to him, while Veronica goes to a pay phone across the street to call and warn her family. But as Veronica struggles through the waiting to get through the proper operators and call her family in Poland, Adriana stops short of approaching the police officer and starts to run back to Veronica's side. The worst is yet to come, as Veronica reaches her mother and, instead of starting to explain what's happened to her, only tries to tell her mother to take Gregor (Veronica's son) and leave, as they're in danger. Veronica's mother asks, puzzled, whether Gregor hasn't already arrived in America. Veronica becomes hysterical, not paying attention to Adriana, who sees Alex and Manuelo's van turning the corner in search of them. Veronica's mother says that people came from the agency, showed all the correct papers Veronica signed, and said they were there to arrange Gregor's travel to America. The traffickers have Veronica's son in custody. Unable to believe what she's hearing, Veronica fails to react as the van roars up, and Manuelo and Alex grab her and Adriana, dragging them back inside the van. Manuelo tells a dazed Veronica that both she and her son will pay for this. The van stops at another rest stop, overlooking a high bluff. Manuelo orders Veronica out of the van. It's painfully obvious he's going to beat her within an inch of her life as punishment for her attempted escape. But Veronica looks disturbingly calm and serene as she looks out over the bluff. Lifting the hood of her sweatshirt, she turns to Manuelo and smiles at him, before telling him that she'll make sure that he pays for everything he's done. Adriana, Alex and Manuelo alike, look on in horror as Veronica turns and sprints straight toward the edge of the bluff, leaping to her death before Manuelo can catch her. Both parties make it to New Jersey. While Jorge and Ray head into the city proper, Alex drops off Manuelo and Adriana in the suburbs, and another stash house where Adriana will be held until she's auctioned. Waiting in the stash house for them is Laura (Kate Del Castillo), a woman overseer in the trafficking operation. Laura appears to be a Mexican-American woman in her mid twenties. She treats Adriana better than Manuelo did, and better than she treats Manuelo. Laura is furious to hear that both Veronica and the Brazilian girl didn't make it, telling Manuelo that Vadim has lost $50,000 over the botched delivery. Ray and Jorge check into a Holiday Inn. Checking the auction website, they find that Adriana's online auction will begin at 2 PM. Ray leaves Jorge at the hotel and meets with his contact, Detective Hank Jefferson (Tim Reid) to speak with a local detective named Henderson. There, Ray finds that Henderson knows where the New Jersey operation is based, but he's looking at a bigger picture: The trafficking operation is all over the globe. The auction website is on a server in the Maldives, and their bank is in South Africa. Traffickers and contacts are all over the country, and around the world. The internet crimes unit is trying to bide their time, gathering as much intel as possible, looking for a way to stamp out the operation as close to the root as they can. Adriana's handlers are a small part in one area, and moving on them will cause the operation to move around and vanish back under the radar. Ray is disgusted at the seeming indifference toward the fate of one innocent Mexican girl. Jorge awakens to overhear Ray talking to Patty on the phone. Ray has asked to withdraw a large amount of money from their savings, and he'll tell her all about it when he gets home. Patty asks Ray if he's found his daughter, and he says he might have. She tells him that, if he locates her, to bring her home. Ray finally opens up to Jorge, showing him a picture of Carly, Ray's daughter from an extramarital affair shortly after he married Patty. Ray was down in Juárez to investigate a possible lead on Carly's whereabouts. Officers arrived to tell Ray that Alma, the Mexican woman with whom Ray had the affair, died a few days ago of a drug overdose, and they found an unsent letter to Ray, written ten years earlier, among her possessions. Ray always knew Alma had a daughter, but until receiving the letter, didn't know for sure the child was his. Talking with a police detective who worked near a house where Alma lived, Ray found out that Alma had gone to Juárez just about the time she wrote the letter to Ray, and came back two years later without Carly. As a lifelong drug addict, Alma had likely sold her daughter for drug money. If Alma had sent the letter right away, Ray would have come to pick up Carly himself and bring her home, where he and Patty would care for her. Ray shows Carly's photo to Jorge, who says that Carly has beautiful green eyes (Ray mentions Alma had the same eyes). Adriana has been dressed as a school girl. In her room, she prays that Veronica is happy in heaven. She asks Veronica to talk to the Virgin Mary for her. Adriana's one hope is that if she's sold, that it be to a kind man. Jorge and Ray go to the hotel internet center and log into the trafficking website in time for Adriana's auction. The auction is harrowing for Jorge, as bidders named Little Buddha and South African Master, bid against them for Adriana. Jorge seems almost ready to break down as he and Ray are outbid again. Ray tells Jorge to wait until two seconds before closure of bidding before raising to thirty-two thousand. The website signals the end of the auction and Jorge holds his breath, until the website signals he and Ray have won. A chat window opens up on the website asking for their address. Immediately Ray gets a call from Laura, who tells him that he'll get an address on his computer where he's to bring the money, and she'll bring the girl, that simple. But it's not as simple as Laura suggested. Ray is sent to the parking lot of a shopping center, where Manuelo tells him to get into his van and he'll drive Ray to the stash house, or else the deal's off. Ray is to leave the car there and he'll be driven back with Adriana. Ray pops his trunk just before leaving with Manuelo. Jorge gets out of the trunk and begins following Manuelo in the car. Manuelo brings Ray to the stash house where he's greeted by Laura. Adriana sits in a chair nearby. Ray gives the money to Manuelo, who runs it through a counter. Laura is eager to close the transaction, but Ray makes a dangerous mistake. Laura's green eyes and approximate age remind him of Carly, and he tries to strike up small talk, asking where she's from. Her suspicions writhing, Laura confronts Ray on being a possible cop. She has an easy way to find out-- Ray has to take Adriana upstairs and have sex with her in the bedroom. If he doesn't, Laura knows he's a cop, and she'll kill him. If he does, he's now a child sex offender, meaning he has too much to lose, himself, if he tries to turn Laura in. Since Adriana is a virgin, there will be blood on the sheets after legitimate intercourse. Upstairs in the privacy of the room, Ray tells Adriana that he's here with Jorge, looking to rescue her. Adriana excuses herself, going into the bathroom, where Ray hears her cry out in pain. She comes out with her blood on her hand to smear on the sheet to fool Laura. But Manuelo opens the door to check in just in time to catch Adriana in the act. Adriana runs after him, telling him it's not too late, reminding him that Veronica is watching. She touches his hand with her bloody thumb. Manuelo is haunted at the gesture and walks down in a daze, lying to Laura that her demand to Ray has been satisfied. Laura tells Ray that Adriana is now his, and Manuelo will drive them back to his car and he can be on his way. Just as Ray and Adriana walk out, Laura sarcastically calls after them, "What a nice daddy." Her tone of voice makes Ray turn around and hand her a deadly glare of suspicion. Manuelo turns around to look over his shoulder. Jorge suddenly lunges out of the bushes, bashing Manuelo across the face with a crowbar. Laura pulls a gun and points it at Ray point blank, her eyes seething with wrath. But police are swarming over and through the house, surrounding Laura from all directions. Laura holds Ray at gunpoint for a tense moment before she gets on her knees and surrenders. Hank, who'd arrived with the officers, tells Ray he knew that Ray was going to take matters into his own hands. Combat-geared officers search the house thoroughly and find a concealed and latched hinge in a bookcase in the basement. It conceals a door to a room where over a dozen children are being held. Ray tells Jorge that if he can trust some people for once, some of Hank's men will see him and Adriana safely back to Mexico. Ray also gives Jorge the money that he used from his own savings to help rescue Adriana. As Ray is driving home, he happens to glance down and sees that Jorge secretly put the envelope with the money back in his car. The camera pans to the back seat to show a cat laying in a kitty couch, which Ray is bringing back to his wife. In the last scene, Vadim is seen hugging and kissing a woman and young boy goodbye before leaving their house in Mexico City. As he steps outside and approaches a circle of young women showcasing themselves to potential buyers, Jorge peeks around the edge of a building. Waiting for the right moment, Jorge comes up behind Vadim and stabs him from behind with a knife. Everyone in the street flees as Vadim collapses, dead. Feeling that Adriana has been properly avenged, Jorge turns and walks away with a surreal look. A look that lasts only a few seconds before the cry of a child catches his ears. Jorge turns and looks in shock; the young boy from the house is Vadim's son.
tt0422401
Comedy,Horror,Thriller
Set in the Louisiana bayou, it is the story of the legend of Victor Crowley. A group of tourists discover that the legend is real and more horrifying than they ever imagined. Two hunters, Sampson (Robert Englund) and his son Ainsley (Joshua Leonard), are fishing in a swamp during a full moon. Ainsley says he has to use the restroom, and Sampson rows their boat to shore. While Ainsley is urinating, Sampson falls silent; Ainsley goes to see where he is and finds Sampson's mutilated body. He grabs his harpoon, only to be murdered by a monstrous being. During a Mardi Gras celebration in downtown New Orleans, there is a group of friends including Ben (Joel Moore) and his best friend Marcus (Deon Richmond), who have come to have some fun since Ben's girlfriend of eight years recently dumped him. Ben decides to go on a haunted swamp tour, and Marcus agrees to go with him. The two find that the tour is closed because the guide, Rev. Zombie (Tony Todd), was sued for negligence. Rev. Zombie suggests that they try a place farther down the street, owned by the over-the-top, inexperienced tour guide Shawn (Parry Shen). Marcus decides to leave but changes his mind upon seeing two topless girls: Misty (Mercedes McNab), a ditzy porn star, and Jenna (Joleigh Fioreavanti), a bossy, boastful, up-and-coming actress. Their sleazy director, Shapiro (Joel Murray), is also there. Ben pays for himself and Marcus and Shawn leads them to his tour bus, where the other tourists, Jim (Richard Riehle) and Shannon Permatteo (Patrika Darbo), a Minnesota couple, and the quiet, hot-tempered Marybeth (Tamara Feldman) are waiting. Ben tries to make friends with Marybeth, who rejects him, while Marcus takes a liking to Jenna. Shawn does not know what he is doing, which the others realize as they arrive at the swamp. Shapiro has Misty and Jenna strip down and film a scene for Bayou Beavers as everyone boards the boat, while a homeless swamp-dweller warns them away from the swamp. Shawn leads them through swamplands and past abandoned houses, including one where Victor Crowley (Kane Hodder), a deformed creature, lived. Shawn mentions "one night Victor's dad goes crazy and whacks him in the face with a hatchet" while looking at "ghost lights"; however, Shannon sees someone in the trees, and Shawn accidentally crashes into a rock, sinking the boat. To reach land, they must walk across a broken tree. Jim is bitten on the leg by an alligator, making him, Misty and Shapiro fall into the water. They reach shore and run to safety, while Jim bleeds profusely. They realize that Shawn is not a tour guide; he is just a college student looking for money. Marybeth takes out a gun she brought and informs them that her father and brother, Sampson and Ainsley, disappeared while fishing nearby, presumably at Crowley's hands. She then tells them the real story of Victor Crowley. Long ago, presumably the 1940s-60s, Crowley was a deformed boy (Rileah Vanderbilt) who was kept hidden from the world by his father. One Halloween, a group of kids decided to scare Victor by throwing fireworks into his house, but the house was engulfed in flames. Victor's father (also Hodder) tried to hack down the door with a hatchet to save Victor, but because Victor was pressed up against the other side of the door trying to get out, he hit him in the face with the hatchet, killing him. Victor's father died of a broken heart ten years later. Marybeth believes Victor roams the swamp as a vengeful spirit, killing anyone who enters. Victor mostly kills people near his house, which they are standing in front of. Shannon becomes infuriated with how scared everyone is and decides to help her husband into the house. Victor emerges and kills the Permatteos. Marybeth shoots Victor, but only makes him fall. While running away, Shapiro is separated from the others and killed by Victor. The others find Shapiro's body. Marybeth suggests they return to the Crowley house to get weapons, and all six of them go to the house. Jenna, Shawn, Marcus, and Misty stand guard while Marybeth and Ben go into the shed to get weapons, but find Sampson and Ainsley's bodies instead. Ben comforts Marybeth, and they grab a shovel and a pitchfork, while the others are scared by noises in the bushes. Jenna is killed by Victor as Marybeth and Ben arrive with the weapons. Marybeth hits Victor with the shovel, making him fall and get stabbed with the pitchfork by Ben. Shawn reaches for the shovel, but Victor grabs it first, chopping off Shawn's leg with it, and then decapitating him while the others flee. The survivors decide to lure Victor back to his house and set him on fire with the gasoline tanks in the shed. They return to the house and Ben goes into the shed to retrieve a gasoline tank, while Misty stands guard and Marybeth and Marcus act as bait to lure Victor in. Marybeth and Marcus discover that Misty is missing, and her head and torso are thrown onto Ben by Victor. Ben finds a tank and throws it on Victor while Marybeth and Marcus set him on fire, but it begins to rain and the fire is extinguished. The three begin running through a cemetery and find the gate locked; Ben is tackled by Victor who spits up blood in his face before he is dragged to safety. They start running away, but Marcus is grabbed by Victor and killed. Victor grabs a gate pole and chases Ben and Marybeth, throwing it into Ben's foot. Marybeth bends the pole until it is pointed at Victor, who impales himself upon it. Ben and Marybeth board Sampson's boat and head out; Marybeth is snared by seaweed and pulled underwater. She sees Ben's arm sticking into the water for her to grab, but is pulled up by Victor, who is holding a dying Ben's severed forearm. The film ends with Victor holding her screaming.
tt0276830
Adventure,Western
In the US, the film was released on DVD in November 2004 under the title Renegade and marketed very much as a conventional Western. It is not a conventional Western at all. In addition to the plots mentioned above about the gold, there is an additional plot, which arguably, is actually more what the move is truly about, with the 'gold hunting' being more of a 'backdrop' plot, in my opinion. U.S Marshal Mike Donovan (referred to as Broken Nose by the native tribe; unlike in the comic he does not have the nickname Blueberry) has dark memories of the death of his first love. He keeps peace between the Americans and the natives who had temporarily adopted and took care of him. The evil actions of Blount, a "white sorcerer" lead him to confront the villain in the Sacred Mountains, and, through shamanic rituals involving native entheogens, conquer his fears and uncover a suppressed memory he would much rather deny. That last paragraph, is taken verbatim from Wikipedia. As far as I can tell, there shouldn't be any problem with that. I just wanted to give credit to the original author, as I never could have hoped to describe it so well -- but I wanted to put this here, so that others looking into this movie, will know, it's not 'your average western', as it was marketed as in the US.
tt0961728
Crime,Drama,Thriller
Frank Perry (Cox, in a role written specifically for him) is a lifer and has long accepted that hell never see the outside again. A solid and phlegmatic character, he holds his own but neither attracts nor creates any trouble. Grief is far more likely to be started by the psychotic and drug-addled Tony (Macintosh), brother to the ruthless head con Rizza (Lewis, who reportedly based his character's mannerisms on a mixture of Tony Blair and Chris Eubank). However, when Frank receives a rare letter telling him that his cherished daughter is near death following an overdose, he starts to think about escaping, and fast. Hes got a plan and he needs help. Soon a mismatched crew of all the talents comes together, with Lenny Drake (Fiennes), Brodie (Cunningham), Viv Batista (Jorge) and Cox's new cellmate James Lacey (Cooper) each pitching in. As is customary in the prison break genre, much attention is paid both to the themes of incarceration, freedom and the four Rs - redemption, release, regret and responsibility. Where The Escapist differs from other prison break movies is in its structure. Wyatt splices the preparations with the escape itself, cutting back and forth between the two (often with visually effective jump cuts). This gives way for a final twist which is inspired by Ambrose Bierce's story An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge. Much of The Escapist was shot in Dublin's Kilmainham Gaol, where the open terraces and communal staircases give the feeling of a ghoulish horseshoe-shaped cathedral overpopulated by human animals. A scene near the end is shot in the bascule chamber beneath Tower Bridge in London; coincidentally, exactly the same location where Wyatt's brother-in-law Boris Starling set the climax of his 2006 novel Visibility.
tt0791309
Comedy
I WANT CANDY follows two hopeful lads from Leatherhead trying to break into the movies who stumble upon the opportunity of a lifetime. Frustrated by their arty film teacher (Mackenzie Crook), wannabe producer Joe (Tom Riley) and his talented but neurotic director friend Baggy (Tom Burke) head to London to sell what they know is a script made of gold. Encountering nothing but closed doors, their luck changes when an equally desperate producer (Eddie Marsan) is willing to throw some money at them provided they nab the star he needs. There's just one problem - he wants Candy Fiveways (Carmen Electra), the World's No 1 Adult Star, who has recently taken a hiatus from filming adult movies... Against all odds they manage to secure her services, but it's not long before trouble heads their way. Making a ground breaking graduation film, complete with scenes of an Adult nature, in your parents' house was never going to be easy. I WANT CANDY follows Joe and Baggy's exploits in pursuit of their dreams. But dreams have a funny way of working out...
tt0488085
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
A simple plan, so long as everyone sticks to it! Blackmail the local preacher. Hide the money, get your alibi straight, wait for 24 hours and then run.... Right. So Charlie (David Schwimmer), with a family to support goes along with Gus's (Simon Pegg) "simple" plan to net them enough cash to vanish on. But then Josie (Alice Eve) appears and gets herself in on the deal. They do the deed, and Josie cuts the deal with the local preacher. On schedule, Gus goes to collect the money. So far so good. Gus's alibi, to be set up by Charlie, isn't where he's supposed to be, however, and so Charlie panics, just as Gus is being held at gunpoint by the Reverend. Shots are fired. Charlie races to find Gus, but finds a body in a pool of blood instead. He panics and (weighted with a garden gnome) drops the body in the septic tank. Gus reappears, cleaning the gunshot wound to his leg. Turns out, Charlie just drowned the unconscious Rev! Deputy Garman (William Rosenfeld a.k.a. Billy Asher) comes knocking on the Reverend's door just as Gus and Charlie discover the snuff movies the Rev has been producing. The deputy informs Charlie, who he assumes lives in the house, that the Reverend's body has just been found in a car down the road. In his surprise at finding out that the person he accidentally killed wasn't the reverend after all, Charlie acts suspiciously enough to invoke the Deputy's detective skills. Desperate to get rid of him, Gus knocks him out with an ornament, and they tie him up. The door opens and the Reverend's wife Mrs. Smalls (Mimi Rogers) enters, confessing to having murdered her husband whom she calls a pervert. She's looking for her partner who is due to arrive and run away with her and the $2 million they have in a bag, revealing the identity of the man that just drowned in the septic tank. Just when Mrs. Smalls is about to shoot Deputy Garman, Josie comes to the rescue and plants an axe in Mrs Rev.'s head. Three dead, a police deputy for a hostage and a bag of money, the trio figure that it's time to get away. The deputy, heavily intoxicated thanks to Josie's plan to make him appear guilty, tries escaping through the bathroom window and cracks his skull open on the toilet, raising the death toll to four. So the three fugitives, with two bodies in suitcases in the trunk, drive to get rid of the bodies when they run into another car in town, in the rain, and meet some old little guy. They bribe him to forget about it. They finally arrive at a remote spot to dump the bodies. Ah. make that one body, and a bloody suitcase that's open. Driving back to find the other body - did Josie's axe in the head actually do the deed? - they run straight into (and over) her, and kill her for sure. Just then, they hear police sirens. Charlie's wife, Penny (Natascha McElhone), who's the sheriff in town, stops them. One very quick adlibbed excuse later, and they are all down at the police station. Little guy turns out to be the FBI agent Hymes (Jon Polito) sent to investigate the case of the local serial killer "the Oregon Undertaker", and he recognizes the gang. They somehow they get away with it all with only one body left to get rid of. They try the local tar pit, but as Charlie points out it'll take about a week for the body to actually sink. Agent Hymes shows up, having acted on his suspicions, and identifies Josie as the "Wyoming Widow" serial poisoner, and a running battle ensues. Hymes, who turns out to be a dirty agent, kills Gus as he's trying to make a run for it with the bag full of money. Josie and Charlie then kill Hymes with his own disease. Turning on Charlie just when he thinks it's all over, Josie kills him, but the joke is on her as she discovers that the bag of money, seen minutes before with $2 million in it, has a load of toys in it now... The camera cuts to Emily (Olivia Peterson), Charlie's daughter, having fun with a bag of bank notes. In the final scene, Josie is shown hitching a lift with some guy with an Oregon license plate, who happens to have the body of a young woman in the back of his truck, just like the Oregon Undertaker.
tt0850253
Action,Drama
Its November 1999, and five days are about to rock the world as tens of thousands of demonstrators take to the streets of Seattle in protest of the World Trade Organizations Ministerial Meeting. Among them are Django (Andre Benjamin), Sam (Jennifer Carpenter), Lou (Michelle Rodriguez) and Jay (Martin Henderson). Each has a unique story, but they're united in a common desire to be heard and to make a difference in the world. For these four protesters, this is very personal and the stakes are higher than mere politics. A peaceful demonstration to stop the WTO talks quickly escalates into a full-scale riot, and soon a State of Emergency is declared by the Mayor of Seattle. The streets are mayhem, and the WTO is paralyzed. Caught in the crossfire of civil liberties and keeping the peace are Seattle residents, including its beleaguered mayor (Ray Liotta), a riot cop on the streets (Woody Harrelson) and his pregnant wife (Charlize Theron). The choices they all make will change their lives forever. Writer/Director Stuart Townsend brings together this talented ensemble to intertwine different points of view from protesters and police to delegates and doctors -- each of whom intentionally or accidentally find themselves on the streets of Seattle in those last days of the millennium. Townsend seamlessly merges footage of the real event with his fictional narrative. Ultimately, Battle in Seattle illustrates that even against incredible odds, ordinary people can change the world.
tt0961108
Drama
This movie is a semi-autobiographical movie. Upon arriving for his mother's graduation, Michael finds out that his mother has actually died in a car crash. The movie deals with the family coming together dealing with the loss of their mother. They also find out some things that were more than they expected. There are many moments of flashbacks of his younger years. He deals with the disapproving father and the way that he felt as a child. There are many moments when you see that his father was not a kind man and was very cruel. He never spared his son's feelings and definitely seemed to not have any compassion towards his wife. Micheal and his aunt Jane, who is also his best friend, deal with growing up in a house with a mean father, Charlie, and a very loving mother, Lisa (Julia Roberts). Together they work on getting over the past and starting a better future..
tt0402057
Action,Adventure,Drama
[[Hrothgar]], king of Danelands, and a group of mounted and helmeted warriors chase a large and burly man, whom they consider a monstrous [[troll]], and his young son across a large open field until father and son find themselves on the edge of deep cliff overlooking a beach and a large sea. The father directs his young son, [[Grendel]], to climb down and hide from the attackers' view. The Danes shoot the father dead with their arrows and his dead body plunges down onto the beach far below. The Danish king walks towards the cliff edge and sees the young Grendel hanging but chooses to spare him. Later, Grendel is on the beach below and finds his father's body. After failing to move the large and heavy corpse, the boy takes a sword and cuts the head off to take it home. Many years later, the severed (and mummified) head is inside a cave where the boy Grendel has grown up to be as large and burly as his father. Grendel bloodies his own forehead with stones to express his vengeful anger towards the Danes and the beginning of his own murderous campaign of revenge. When Hrothgar finds twenty of his warriors killed inside his great hall, the Danish king falls into a depression. [[Beowulf (hero)|Beowulf]], with the permission of [[Hygelac]], king of [[Götaland|Geatland]], sails to Daneland with thirteen Geats on a mission to slay Grendel for Hrothgar. The arrival of Beowulf and his warriors is welcomed by Hrothgar, but the king's village has fallen into a deep despair and many of the pagan villagers convert to Christianity at the urging of an [[Irish monk]]. While Grendel does go into Hrothgar's village during the night, he flees rather than fight. Beowulf learns more about Grendel from Selma the witch and seer, who tells Beowulf that Grendel will not fight him because Beowulf has committed no wrong against him. A villager, recently baptized and thus now unafraid of death, leads Beowulf and his men to the cliff above Grendel's cave, but without a rope they are afraid to die descending to the cave itself, and turn back without even seeing the cave. When that villager is found broken and dead, Beowulf and his men return with a rope and gain entry to Grendel's secret cave. Grendel being absent, one of Beowulf's vengeful men mutilates the mummified head and shrine of Grendel's slain father. That night, Grendel attacks Beowulf and his men while they sleep in Hrothgar's great hall, killing the Geat who desecrated his father's head and then, revenge satisfied, leaps out from the second story, but is caught in a trap by Beowulf, leaving Grendel hanging by his right arm. Grendel, refusing capture, escapes by hacking off his own arm. Grendel, bleeding severely, manages to reach the same beach where he had once found his father's slain corpse and wades into the water, where he dies, his body claimed by a mysterious webbed hand. Hrothgar admits to Beowulf that he had killed Grendel's father for stealing a fish but had spared the child-troll Grendel out of pity. There is great celebration in the hall of Hrothgar, and the king's mood has been livened up by the defeat of Grendel, whose severed arm is kept by the Danes as a trophy. In revealing more about Grendel's nature, Selma recounts how Grendel had once visited her hut and clumsily raped her and has protected her since that day, troubling Beowulf all the more. Yet that does not stop him from moving forward to kiss Selma, who deftly slaps him for tying her up earlier in the film, which he did in an attempt to get her to lead him to Grendel. Nevertheless, she then pulls his head forward and kisses him, quickly initiating and taking the lead in their lovemaking as she straddles him down on her bed. The Danes are later attacked by [[Grendel's mother]], the Sea Hag. Beowulf finds her lair, where she placed Grendel's dead body along with a pile of treasure, and slays Grendel's mother with a sword from this pile. Beowulf realizes the battle has been watched by a strange young boy with red hair, who is Grendel and Selma's child. Beowulf, with Grendel's son watching from the shelter of the rocks, buries Grendel and builds him a marker, honouring him. Shortly thereafter, Beowulf and his band of Geats leave Daneland by ship but not before warning Selma that she must continue to hide her son, lest the Danes hunt him down as they did his father.
tt0439289
Comedy,Drama
It is the 70s and Augusten Burroughs (Joseph Cross) is a young gay child who spends hours upholding his mother Deidre Burroughs (Annette Benning) with emotional support as she attempts to forge her career as a poetess. Augustens father Norman Burroughs (Alec Baldwin) is an alcoholic whose relationship with Deidre has eroded to the point that they spend most of their time aggressively attacking each others values and physically attacking each other as well. Augusten connects with each parent in certain ways but most of his time is spent skipping school, dressing up, and doing things like acting as audience to his self-involved mother. When the parents decide to give Augusten to Deidres psychologist Dr. Finch (Brian Cox), the young child must learn to live with a family of misfits whose primary activity seems to be to express their innermost feelings regardless of how it affects those around them. Augusten discovers his homosexuality with Neil Bookman (Joseph Fiennes) another adopted son of Dr. Finch and also befriends Natalie Finch (Evan Rachel Wood) who has issues of her own. Together Augusten and Natalie develop a way of dealing with the crazy environment until they discover a way out.
tt0099005
Action,Comedy,War
Set in the year 1969, in the jungle of Laos, a local communist peasant takes a pot shot at a high flying US transport aircraft which is hit and begins trailing smoke, but makes it back to its base where it crashes and several crewmen on board are killed. The scene shifts to Los Angeles where Billy Covington (Robert Downey Jr.) works as a helicopter traffic pilot for a local radio station. When he breaks several safety regulations by flying low, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration suspends his pilot's license. However, his piloting skills, bravery and disregard for the law are noticed by a mysterious government agent, who tells Billy that he can get his license back if he accepts a job in Laos, working for a "strictly civilian" company called Air America. It is readily apparent that Air America is a front for CIA operations in Laos. Unemployed and unable to find work, Billy takes the job. In Laos, he is introduced to Air America's unorthodox pilots and aircraft, being taken under the wing of Gene Ryack (Mel Gibson), a cynical and eccentric pilot and an arms dealer who uses official flights to buy black market weapons for his private cache. His dream, which he refers to as his "retirement plan", is to make a sale big enough so that he can afford to quit his job at Air America. The next day, Senator Davenport (Lane Smith) arrives in Laos on a "fact finding mission", to investigate rumors about Air America transporting drugs on behalf of Laotian forces. Major Lemond (Ken Jenkins) and Rob Diehl (David Marshall Grant), CIA leaders of Air America, show the Senator around refugee camps, shrines, temples, and major cities in a careful deception to hide from him that Air America is indeed transporting drugs. While airdropping livestock into rural villages in their C-123 cargo aircraft, Billy and Jack Neely (Art LaFleur) are shot down. The Pilatus PC-6 of General Soong (Burt Kwouk) arrives at the crash site and his soldiers load bags of opium on board, but leave Billy and Jack behind with Communist Pathet Lao forces moving in. Gene and another pilot arrive and rescue them; Billy boards Gene's helicopter while the rest of the crew escape in another aircraft. Billy and Gene's helicopter is shot down by the enemy soldiers on the way back, and they are captured by a rural Lao tribe. Gene notices that the tribe is using obsolete and unreliable flintlock guns and strikes a deal to supply them with better weapons. Allowed to go free, Billy and Gene retreat to Gene's house, where Billy is surprised to discover that Gene has a wife and children. Already disillusioned with US actions in Laos, Gene convinces Billy to quit his job with Air America, but Billy wants to get even with General Soong for betraying him when he crashed. Meanwhile, Senator Davenport is losing patience with Lemond and Diehl, and demands to know who is smuggling heroin. Soon after their return to base, the pilots learn that during his search for Billy and Gene, Jack was killed and Lemond and Diehl claim that he was the ring leader behind the drug trafficking. Enraged, Billy purchases grenades on the black market and uses them to blow up the heroin factory, but guards see him running away. Davenport is still unsatisfied and demands more concrete evidence. The next day, Gene finds a buyer for his arsenal, allowing him to leave gunrunning, quit Air America, and take his family out of the country. Meanwhile, Billy accepts one more flight before he actually quits. With co-pilot Babo (Tim Thomerson), he is assigned to transport flour to a refugee camp but they are instructed to divert to a nearby airstrip for "routine inspection". Billy immediately suspects a set-up, and a search reveals several kilos of heroin hidden in the flour sacks. With his fuel gauge tampered with, Babo and Billy decide to crash-land on the same airstrip where Billy crashed a few days earlier, and use the wreckage of the previous crash to hide the smaller aircraft. Gene, on his way to make his final, largest weapons delivery, flies in to rescue Babo and Billy after wondering why Billy can't seem to keep anything in the air. Billy convinces him to respond to a distress call from a refugee camp caught in the crossfire between General Soong's men and local rebels. Gene tries to rescue the United States Agency for International Development official (Nancy Travis) in charge of the camp, however, she refuses to leave without the refugees. After some initial resistance, Gene dumps the weapons to make room for the refugees, blowing up the weapons cache to cover their escape. In the air, Gene and Billy come up with a scheme to sell the aircraft to give Gene his money back. Senator Davenport recognises the set up for what it was, and the Senator threatens to reveal Lemond and Diehl's operation to Washington.
tt0974613
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Taken from a short story by Bernhard Sclink's collection "Flights of Love", "The Other Man" tells the story of a widower's slowly developing revenge against his late wife's secret lover reveals to him his own compromises and failings.
tt0382189
Drama,Romance
On a hot sunny summer day in rural Yorkshire, England, Mona (Natalie Press) is a young teenage girl pushing her broken-down motorbike down a hill. While Mona rests in the grass off the road, another teenage girl named Tamsin (Emily Blunt) happens by. She is riding on horseback and chances upon Mona. While walking back to Tamsin's large country house, they introduce themselves and learn that they come from completely opposing background; Tamsin is from an upper middle class family and has recently been suspended from boarding school for being a bad influence; drinking alcohol. Mona, on the other hand, comes from a dysfunctional family of criminals, and her brother, Phil (Paddy Considine), who has recently been released from prison, is the only remaining member of her family still alive (we later learn that Mona and Phil's father died in prison some years ago, and their mother recently died of a drug overdose). Both of the girls seem to regard their lives as mundane. When Mona arrives home, she finds her brother in their mother's former pub, pouring all of the alcohol into the sink. He has undergone an extreme religious transformation during his stint in prison and regards his activity as part of his preparation for a rally for Born Again Christian converts, much to Mona's annoyance. That night, Mona meets her boyfriend, Ricky. They have sex in his car, after which he breaks up with her. Mona angrily turns down Ricky's offer to drive her home. The next day, Mona arrives at Tamsin's in order to escape from the Christian rally organized by her brother. The girls begin to bond as they spend the day drinking and smoking cigarettes while talking about the problems they face in their lives. Their sharing brings to light several of Tamsin's family secrets, such as the fact that Tamsin's sister, Sadie, died as a result of anorexia nervosa. The next day, Tamsin takes Mona to the suburban house where Tamsin claims that her father is cheating on her mother with his secretary. Not only is Tamsin furious because she states that the secretary is blonde with big breasts, but also because the secretary is not very smart. Mona smashes a window of Tamsin's father's car. The girls then flee the scene, after which Mona agrees to spend the night in Tamsin's house. The next day Tamsin purchases an engine for Mona's scooter, after which they drive to a small river in the nearby woods to swim. While swimming under a waterfall, the girls share a kiss. The two return to Tamsin's house and Tamsin encourages Mona to try some of her old dresses. When Mona tries on a long red dress, Tamsin states that it used to belong to her sister, and tearfully recounts the process of watching Sadie die. She also tells Mona that she is beautiful in the dress. Later on, the two are in the back garden, with Tamsin playing Camille Saint-Saëns's cello solo Le Cygne from Le Carnaval des Animaux and Mona dancing The Dying Swan to it. Mona falls to the ground at the end of the piece, and Tamsin kisses her passionately. Later that night, the two girls have sex for the first time in Tamsin's bed, but are briefly interrupted by Phil, who has come to Tamsin's house to look for Mona. The next day, Phil finds the girls sunbathing, Tamsin clearly topless. She does not cover herself and merely gazes at him as he invites the girls to his Born Again Christian rally, in which he wants to erect a large cross on the hill next to their village. Although Mona is reluctant to go, Tamsin encourages her, and the two join Phil and the large group of Born Again Christians on their way up the hill. Tamsin behaves as if immediately attracted to Phil during the course of the rally. Later on, Mona and Tamsin explore Sadie's room and find a bag of magic mushrooms hidden inside a dollhouse. They take the psychedelic compounds together. Later that day, feeling the effects of the mushrooms, Mona and Tamsin go to a dance hall where they behave intimately, disturbing the mostly older patrons with their open fondling and kissing each other, which prompts the bouncer to kick them out. They then go back to the river where they first kissed and declare their eternal love to each other, solemnly swearing that they would kill each other if one should leave the other, with Mona adding that she would kill herself. They proceed to make love again. In the morning, Mona and Tamsin wake up by the river cold and shivering, and the girls leave to have breakfast at Tamsin's house. Phil then arrives at Tamsin's house searching for Mona, whereupon Tamsin pretends to seduce him. He reacts and attempts to kiss her, but she laughs him off insultingly, sparking his fury and violence, as he grabs Tamsin by the neck in a fit of anger. He proceeds to take Mona home and lock her room, forbidding her to see Tamsin. Mona draws a picture of Tamsin on the wall. Later that afternoon, while Phil is meeting in the pub with his Born Again Christian converts, Mona fakes suicide by pretending to hang herself. Phil comes into her room to rescue her, whereupon Mona mocks Phil's belief in the devil and he hits her across the face. Something in Phil snaps and he reverts back to his violent behavior, kicking the born-again Christians out of the former pub, while Mona leaves the pub determined to start a new life with Tamsin. However, when Mona arrives at Tamsin's house, she discovers that Tamsin is preparing to return to boarding school (she was never expelled or suspended from school in the first place). Mona also belatedly uncovers Tamsin's deception: Tamsin's parents were never divorced for they were only away on vacation out of the country; then, while leaving, she runs into Tamsin's older sister, Sadie, whose top Mona is wearing. Sadie is in fact alive, and did not die of an eating disorder; this was just a lie fed to Mona as part of Tamsin's idea of summer fun. Mona, feeling disgusted and dejected by the fact that she's been used as summer theatrics, leaves for the girls' special spot at the river. As Mona sits and sulks by the river in the woods, Tamsin finds her there and tells Mona that it should have been clear from the start that she had to return to school, and their relationship was doomed from the moment they first met for they were never going to have a future together. In explaining why she lied about Sadie's "death", Tamsin tells Mona, "I'm a fantasist, for God's sake." Seemingly forgiving her, Mona slips into the water fully clothed, enticing Tamsin to join her, and the two kiss, re-enacting the earlier kissing scene. As they are kissing, Mona suddenly grabs Tamsin by the throat and pushes her under the water, as if about to fulfill her earlier oath to kill her. Instead she releases her and climbs out of the water. Despite Tamsin's angry shouts and curses, Mona confidently walks away down the road.
tt0981072
Comedy,Drama,War
After recovering from their wounds in the Iraq War, three soldiers are sent back to the United States. Sgt. T.K. Poole (Michael Pena) and Pvt. Colee Dunn (Rachel McAdams) are given a 30-day leave, and Sgt. Fred Cheever (Tim Robbins) is retiring. The three soldiers now have a new mission. T.K is going home to visit his fiancée, Colee is going to return her boyfriend's guitar to his family after he saved her life, and Fred is going home to his wife in St. Louis. When they arrive at JFK Airport in New York, all fights have been canceled, because of a blackout. The three decide to rent a van and drive to St. Louis, and once there, T.K. and Colee can catch a plane to Las Vegas. What started out to be a short 14 hour trip ends up being a journey across America. Along the way, the three soldiers who had just met at JFK, become close friends. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0101811
Drama
Lottie Wilkins and Rose Arbuthnot, two married women living in 1920's London share the misery of empty relationships with their spouses and decide to rent an Italian castle for the spring to get away. In order to save money, they advertise for two other women to join them. Mrs. Fisher, an elderly widow who knew many famous authors in her youth is struggling with a lonely and regimented existence and jumps at the chance to join the vacation. Lady Caroline Dester is a gorgeous flapper who has been grabbed one too many times and is sick of men, she only wants to be left alone... or so she thinks... They arrive in San Salvatore' a seaside Italian castle drenched in wisteria and sunshine and find themselves in a romantic landscape that leaves a lot of time to consider their lives in London. After reflecting for a while Lottie decides to send a letter to her husband, inviting him to join her. The next one to join them is Mr. Briggs, the owner of the castle, who is on his way to Rome. He has taken a liking to Rose, believing her to be a war widow. The third guest is the uninvited husband of Rose, Frederick, who has actually come to the castle to see Lady Carolina, whom he has taken a liking to after having met her at a party in London. Rose is unaware of all this and Frederick realizes that he really loves his wife after all.
tt0367631
Action,Comedy,Romance
Four co-eds are about to graduate from a secret academy, where they have been trained since high school to become spies in the paramilitary group D.E.B.S. (Discipline, Energy, Beauty, and Strength). Candidates are selected through a test hidden in the SATs that measures an applicant's ability to fight, cheat, lie, and kill. The team is headed by the somewhat obsessive Max (Meagan Good), who tends to draw her gun at the slightest provocation. The other team members are the prissy and somewhat naive Janet (Jill Ritchie), the chain-smoking and promiscuous French-exchange student Dominique (Devon Aoki), and Amy Bradshaw (Sara Foster), who is doubtful about being a spy, despite the fact that she earned a perfect score on her D.E.B.S. test and is now an honor student at the academy. Amy is considering going to art school in Barcelona after graduation, but Max, who has been her best friend since freshman year, tries to convince her that espionage is more important. As the film opens, Amy has broken up with her boyfriend Bobby, a Homeland Security agent. Her personal life takes a back seat to the re-emergence of Lucy Diamond, a criminal mastermind whom, by coincidence, is the subject of Amy's thesis. The D.E.B.S. are sent by the head of D.E.B.S., Miss Petrie (Holland Taylor), to surveil Lucy Diamond (Jordana Brewster). They arrive at the restaurant Les Deux Amours expecting to witness criminal dealings. Little do they know that Lucy Diamond has simply been set up on a blind date by her chief henchman and best friend, Scud (Jimmi Simpson). She is there to meet an ex-KGB assassin named Ninotchka Kaprova. The date is a disaster. Bobby shows up to confront Amy about their breakup, but accidentally alerts Lucy Diamond to the spies hanging on swings overhead. A shootout erupts, and Diamond escapes in the chaos. The D.E.B.S. follow her, splitting up into two groups with Max and Dominique going one way, and Amy and Janet going the other. Amy and Janet get separated and Amy literally runs into Lucy in a large storage room. They quickly end up in a standoff, with Amy trying to convince Lucy to come quietly. Lucy instead charms Amy (who is surprised to learn Lucy is a lesbian, since none of the material she studied for her thesis revealed this) into lowering her guard and disappears the moment Amy's attention wavers. When the other D.E.B.S. arrive, they praise Amy for being the only federal agent who has ever encountered Lucy and lived to tell about it. Despite Scud's protests ("Not only is she a D.E.B., She's the D.E.B.! She's the perfect score!"), Lucy returns to the squad's residence that night to talk to Amy, with whom she is quite taken. They fight, until Lucy gains the upper hand and forces Amy to go out with her for a night of fun. However, they encounter Janet outside the house. Lucy has no choice but to bring Janet along or risk discovery. They drive to an underground nightclub called 'The Junk Pit', which is reached by driving through holographic barriers disguising it from casual observation. Amy has every intention of sulking in the car, but Janet goes inside to use the bathroom and Amy accompanies her. Inside the club, Lucy notices Amy and convinces her to have a drink. Janet ends up bonding with Scud while Lucy further charms Amy. Lucy is intrigued by Amy's intellect, her breakup with Bobby, and her obvious doubts about being a spy. Amy is fascinated to discover that much of Lucy's deadly reputation has been carefully manufactured and that many if not all of the agents who supposedly died while confronting her actually died from environmental factors like frostbite and Ebola. Lucy senses Amy's attraction and leans in to kiss her only to be interrupted by a shocked Janet and a bemeused Scud. Lucy takes the two D.E.B.S. home. Janet is indignant, claiming that Amy is violating protocol, and is further troubled at learning Amy might be bisexual. Amy blackmails her into silence by reminding her of an incident where Janet "got drunk on peach wine coolers, and nearly got the chancellor of Bulgaria killed" and Amy covered for her. The next day, Miss Petrie meets with Amy and promotes her to squad leader, effectively replacing Max. Max is furious, but must follow Amy as they respond to a bank robbery orchestrated by Lucy. At the bank, Amy and Max bicker over the best approach to rescuing the hostages and capturing Lucy Diamond, who, despite Scud's disapproval, has committed the crime solely for an opportunity to see Amy again. Amy rushes blindly forward and the squad gets trapped inside the bank vault. A chute opens under Amy's feet; she falls out of the vault, leaving the other three behind. Amy arrives in the bank's basement, where Lucy is waiting for her. Meanwhile, the vault has turned into a death trap as the ceiling sprouts large spikes and begins to descend. In the basement, Amy tells Lucy that they cannot be together and gets her to release her squadmates, although, spiked ceiling notwithstanding, Lucy claims her squadmates were never in danger of death, and releases them from the vault. Lucy attempts to cover her interest in order to salvage her pride and turns to leave, but is pulled back by Amy, who can no longer resist her attraction to Lucy. They kiss, and Lucy asks Amy to come with her. The D.E.B.S. arrive in the basement to find Lucy's callsign, diamonds, Amy's tie, and a note spraypainted on the wall reading "I HAVE THE GIRL." They assume Amy has been kidnapped, though Janet seems to know exactly what has happened. Miss Petrie organizes a nationwide manhunt to find Amy while she spends some quality time with Lucy; Janet desperately tried to keep Amy apprised of the situation, but Amy never hears any of Janet's phone messages. Amy shares her art school dream with Lucy, who suggests running off to Barcelona together, where Amy can attend art school and Lucy will rent sailboats to tourists. Lucy and Amy are seen by a jealous Ninotchka, who anonymously tips Max to their location. Lucy and Amy are arguing about their respective professions while the three D.E.B.S. and Bobby close in on Lucy's lair. After a gun battle between Scud and his henchment, they continue onward, and catch the two women in a moment of passion. Mortified, Amy returns to the D.E.B.S and attempts to explain herself. Miss Petrie is ready to exile her, but Max steps in with an alternative to save Amy's reputation and thus prevent the D.E.B.S from looking foolish for having held her in such high academic esteem. Amy will tell everyone that she was brainwashed by Lucy, but that the D.E.B.S. rescued her in the nick of time. Tearfully, Amy agrees to comply. Max is still disgusted with Amy, and Amy finds herself being shunned by her friends for her deception. When the academy headmaster, Mr. Phipps, tries to encourage her on her upcoming graduation, she is further distressed to learn her perfect D.E.B.S. test score meant that she was "a perfect liar." Meanwhile, Lucy does everything she can to win Amy back, returning all the money she has ever stolen and projecting a valentine message into the sky like a Bat-Signal. Finally, she and Scud plan to crash the D.E.B.S. year-end dance, Endgame, where Amy is to be made D.E.B. of the year. At the dance, Lucy gets spotted by security guards and must evade Bobby while Amy gives her speech, unaware of Lucy's presence. Lucy fights her way to the auditorium, where she is just in time to hear Amy publicly condemn her. She is saddened, but catches Amy's eye and smiles hopefully. Amy retracts her entire speech, and admits that the days she spent with Lucy were the best days of her life, before running offstage. She and Lucy find each other in a storage room very like the one in which they first met, and they share another long-awaited kiss. Max, Janet, and Dominique catch up to them, guns raised. But Max has by this time reconciled herself with the fact that her best friend is in love. She lets them go and misdirects Bobby and the security squad so that Amy and Lucy can make their escape. Scud then starts to ask something of Janet, who agrees before he has even finished speaking. The final scene has Lucy and Amy driving off together into the beautiful night.
tt0245238
Drama,Romance
Mary (Mischa Barton) is a 14-year-old freshman new student at an all-girls boarding school located somewhere in rural Ontario and she is assigned a dorm room with Paulie (Piper Perabo) and Victoria, nicknamed Tori, (Jessica Paré), two seniors. Paulie is an American and Victoria is a Canadian local. On Mary's first day at the school, Pauline turns a quiet afternoon on the campus into a music-blasting dance party and spikes the punch with hard liquor. In an effort to get the shy Mary to break out of her shell, Paulie and Tori involve her in their activities, such as running in the morning. When they hear that Mary's mother has recently died, Paulie nicknames her "Mary Brave." Another day later, Pauline defends Victoria from a frustrated math teacher who humiliates her when she does not understand basic math. Mary observes the intimacy between her two roommates. Peering out a window at night, she sees the two of them kissing on a roof. Paulie and Tori's relationship is close and Paulie is full of life. Over time, Paulie and Tori become more comfortable showing affection in front of Mary. It progresses from a quick kiss on the lips in front of her to the two sharing a bed and having lesbian sex while Mary is sleeping. When the three are out jogging one day, Paulie comes across a hurt falcon, which she befriends. After reading up on falcons, she trains the animal while keeping it in a makeshift birdhouse on the roof of their dorm building. While she is tending to the falcon, Mary and Tori meet some boys from the nearby boys school. One of them, named Jake, flirts with Tori, asking if she will be attending her brother's 18th birthday party and making it clear that he likes her. When Mary and Tori are alone, Tori expresses disgust at the boy's interest in her, saying, "He liked my tits." When Mary asks if she'll go to the party, Tori says, "And have all those gross guys groping me? No, thanks. I'd rather stay home and do math." Meanwhile, on the sides, Mary spends time with the local groundskeeper Joe Menzies (Graham Greene) whom she volunteers to help him work with landscaping around the campus. Mary confides in Joe about her troubled home life and her lack of parental attention by her father whom has began neglecting her following her mother's death and focus his attention to her stepmother whom treats Mary badly. Joe encourages Mary to live out her frustration and unhappiness through work. One morning, Victoria's sister, Allison (Emily VanCamp), another freshman student, and her friends rush into the room to wake up the older girls. Paulie is lying in Tori's bed, both clearly topless. Horrified silence falls over everyone. Mary pushes Tori's sister out of the room and closes the door. Tori angrily tells Paulie to get out of her bed. Paulie tries to downplay the situation, and Tori tells her she doesn't understand, explaining that her sister will tell her parents about it. When confronted by Allison, Tori tries to extinguish her sister's suspicions by telling her that Paulie has an unrequited crush on her and crawled into her bed. Her sister promises to "fix" the rumors about Tori and not tell their parents anything. As she walks away from this conversation, Victoria collapses into tears. In the school library, Victoria explains to Mary that her conservative family, her parents and her sister, are strongly opposed to homosexuality, and she must stop the relationship with Paulie to prevent their rejection. Mary sympathizes with both of her friends, as she too feels rejected by her father, who does not bother to show up to a father/daughter dance. In the forest at night, Tori and Jake have sex against a tree. Both Mary and Paulie accidentally witness this scene and run back to their room before Tori returns. When Tori returns to the room, Paulie asks her where she's been and Tori says she was with a friend. Paulie lashes out at her by telling her that she saw what Tori and Jake were doing in the woods. In a very poignant moment, Tori tells Paulie that the intimacy that they had shared will never happen again but she (Tori) would always love her, both as a friend and as a lover. At this point onward, Paulie rapidly degenerates into psychotic behavior over Tori's withdrawal from their relationship. She smashes a mirror and hurls a dish cart to the ground and begins to act out in belligerent ways in class and out of it. A rejection letter from the agency that handled Paulie's adoption, which informs her that her birth mother denied a request from Paulie to get in touch, further sends her over the edge. When Paulie is called into the headmistress Fay Vaughn (Jackie Burroughs) office over mouthing off one too many times to a teacher, Paulie refuses to talk to Headmistress Vaughn about her recent behavior or what is bothering her. The headmistress suggests that Paulie is going through a nervous breakdown, but Paulie says that it's not the reason and storms out of the office. Later, when Headmistress Vaughn confronts Paulie on the school's quad, Paulie finally confides in her about her romance with a female student who ended it out of shame (without naming Tori's name). The headmistress is surprisingly very sympathetic with Paulie. She tells Paulie that when she was younger, she suffered a nervous breakdown too when her "girlfriend" abandoned her in a similar situation, but the headmistress got over it and offers emotional support for Paulie. But Paulie refuses to talk anymore and walks off. Meanwhile, Victoria, clearly ashamed at her lesbianism, creates an fabricated image of her heterosexuality to her friends and her sister by dating Jake Hollander (Luke Kirby) from a nearby all boys' school and avoiding Paulie. One day in the woods, Paulie declares a fencing duel to the death with Jake. Jake is not taking her seriously until he ends up on the ground after being slashed, with Paulie brandishing a sword above him. She demands that he give up Tori. When he refuses, she stabs him in the leg. Mary rushes to stop her and Paulie runs off. Mary runs to Victoria's soccer match, where the headmistress, math teacher and fellow students are congregated. Upon reaching the group, Mary sees Paulie, sobbing from the top of a nearby building while holding her falcon. Whispering: "I rush into the secret house," (a reference to Shakespeare on suicide) Paulie jumps to her death, and as she falls, the injured falcon flies out of the doomed Paulie's hands into the air. The final shot shows the recovered falcon flying away into the bright blue sky background.
tt0120321
Comedy,Drama
Smoke Signals is a humorous yet serious story about Victor, a young man who Director Chris Eyre describes as "trying to forgive his father." The movie gives us a glimpse into the contemporary Native American world, and is created by an almost exclusively Native American cast. The story begins with a glimpse of two baby boys, one barely rescued from a fire which consumes his parents. We briefly see them grow up and learn of the tension between them. They are opposites. The rescued orphan boy Thomas becomes a naive but positive nerd with over-sized glasses, while Victor - who is to embark on a journey of forgiveness towards his father - is proud of his Native American stoicism and seems to find pleasure in confrontation. Victor's father left when he was a boy, and he now learns that his father just died, and his mother sends him to collect the ashes. He is only able to make the trip with Thomas' help, however, and there is a condition which is difficult for him to accept: Victor must swallow his pride and take Thomas with him. The young men are as different as potatoes and strawberries, and through their tension and close proximity they learn from one another - about the world, about Victor's father, and most of all - about themselves. It is an enjoyably paced sentimental and funny film, which gives viewers a look into the Indian culture, and of course - themselves.
tt0118789
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Having just served five years in prison for a crime he did not commit, Billy Brown (Gallo)'s first desperate post-incarceration action is to search for somewhere to relieve himself. Oddly enough, the first thing he does is try to go back into the prison he was released from and denied. Then, to impress his dunceish, thoroughly neglectful parents (Ben Gazzara & Anjelica Huston), Billy kidnaps a dance class student named Layla (Ricci) and forces her to pretend to be his wife. Layla allows herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically attracted to Billy from the start, but Billy all the while is compelled to deal with his own demons, his loneliness and his depression, and it is only at the end that he allows Layla to give him the love and comfort he has been needing all his life. The subplot of Billy seeking revenge on the man indirectly responsible for his imprisonment, Scott Wood, is a reference to a former Buffalo Bills kicker, Scott Norwood, who missed the game-winning field goal in Super Bowl XXV against the New York Giants in 1991.
tt0085794
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Set in New York City, Robert De Niro plays the simplistic, driven, and uncool Rupert Pupkin. Jerry Lewis plays a quiet, tired Johnny Carson-like cardboard cut-out of himself Jerry Langford. From the moment we see Rupert, he's shoving himself through a large crowd of autograph seeking fans outside a TV studio, separating himself from the group to show that he's after something different. But all this breaks down the moment Jerry Langford exits the studio. The crowd turns crazed and climbs over each other to get close to Jerry. Rupert sees the possibility of a break and goes for it. Rupert pushes back the mob and tries to help Jerry get inside his waiting limousine. But waiting inside for him is the obsessed stalker Masha (Sandra Bernhard), who's hidden in Jerry's car. Rupert slams the door on her face. We're stopped with a flash-bulb freeze frame as the opening credits run. From inside the world of Jerry's car, two hands press hard against the window looking out toward the crazed fans in a mob outside trying to fight their way in. Between the hands peering intensely inside is the illuminated face of our most confident and committed protagonist. Immediately we're faced with opposite sides of a looking glass. Masha is pulled out and Jerry is pushed in. Rupert takes advantage of his situation and jumps into the car with Jerry, again separating himself from the manic autograph hounds just outside the door. As he enters the car, he leaves behind the identity of just being a fan. He and Jerry now have a connection. He now has been given the green light, the blessing of being in the right place at the right time to get what he wants. By coming in contact with his dream nothing stands in his way of reaching out and taking it. Their conversation in the car lets us know Rupert is a comedian who deeply admires Jerry. Jerry is tired from doing his show, but he politely hears Rupert out. The rest of the film soars high into Rupert's imagination based on this simple exchange. Rupert is deceivingly simplistic, but with serious mental health issues. His will to succeed is never sidetracked or affected by outside realities. Rupert only wants one thing: to be a TV talk show host. Nothing will stand in his way. Without a moment's hesitation we find him in ruthlessly embarrassing situations, worthless confrontations, simply for his insistence on turning aspiration into execution. As we follow him and fellow stalker Masha to the bitter end, we see there's no stopping Rupert in getting what he wants. He'll eventually succeed, but to a questionable cost. All he wants is Jerry to recognize his talent and put him on the show. He wants to be friends with Jerry. He wants to be better than Jerry. He wants to bury Jerry. Rupert's problem is that never stops to consider fantasy from reality. The two realities that exist in this film are Rupert's committed fantasy and our outside, unattached, onlooker perception. We see Rupert resting his finger on the receiver of the pay phone waiting for the ultimate call from Jerry. The basement scene with him on set sitting between cardboard cut-outs of Liza Minnelli and Jerry facing Rupert as he mocks up conversation between them. All the conversations Rupert and Jerry have: the office calls where Jerry begs Rupert to host the show, the restaurant meetings where Jerry opens up to Rupert, even to the point where Rupert is being asked for autographs instead of Jerry, or the other patrons in the restaurant are peering across the room at them and can't believe the celebrity sighting they've encountered. Being on TV with Jerry and the high school principal who marries him to his bartender crush then admits, on the air, that Rupert was right all these years and those who doubted him were wrong. The two most effective examples of these two parallel realities are the pull back shot of the laughing audience wallpaper to which he's performing to. Digging further into the dream is the looping laugh track that plays behind his center staged creation. One weekend, Rupert invites a date, Rita, to accompany him when he shows up uninvited at Langford's country home. When Langford returns home to find Rupert and Rita settling in, he angrily tells Rupert to leave. While Jerry yells at him, Rupert continues trying to stay in his good graces, until an embarrassed Rita gets Rupert to finally leave. When the straight approach does not work, Rupert hatches a kidnapping plot with the help of Masha; they both grab Jerry off the street while he is walking from his offices to lunch and hold him hostage at Masha's late parents Manhattan townhouse. As ransom, Rupert phones the TV station and demands that he be given the opening spot on that evening's episode of Langford's show (guest hosted by Tony Randall), and that the show be broadcast in normal fashion. The network bosses, lawyers, and the FBI agree to his demands, with the understanding that Langford will be released once the show airs. Between the taping of the show and the broadcast, Masha has her "dream date" with Langford, who is duct-taped to a chair. Langford convinces her to untie him and he manages to escape. In a five minute sequence, Rupert's stand-up routine is well received by the audience. In his act, he describes his troubled upbringing while simultaneously laughing at his circumstances. Rupert closes by confessing to the studio audience that he kidnapped Langford in order to break into show business. The audience laughs, believing it to be part of his act. Rupert responds by saying, "Tomorrow you'll know I wasn't kidding and you'll all think I'm crazy. But I figure it this way: better to be king for a night, than a schmuck for a lifetime." He then shows up at the bar where Rita is bar-tending to show off to himself on the TV before he is taken away by the FBI agents. The movie closes with a news report of Rupert's release from prison after serving two years and nine months of his six-year prison sentence for kidnapping... set to a montage of storefronts stocking his "long-awaited" autobiography, 'King for a Night', stating that Rupert still considers Jerry Langford his friend and mentor, and that he is currently weighing several "attractive offers", including comedy tours and a film adaptation of his memoirs. (Note: it is unclear if the final scenes are real, or just another product in the deranged Rupert's mind about achieving fame and fortune). The final scene shows a stiff Rupert taking the stage for a television special with a live audience and an announcer enthusiastically introducing him, while Rupert himself forces a smile and nervously prepares to address his audience.
tt0410764
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
Jeliza-Rose lives in Los Angeles with her junkie parents. Their only income is from her father's rock concerts and Jeliza-Rose only has a few belongings, mostly just broken toys and a hardcover copy of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. When she isn't imagining things in her mind, she's busy looking after her parents and even filling their heroin needles for her father, who spends great amounts of time unconscious on the living room armchair. He has Jeliza-Rose believing that one day things will improve and that they'll run away together to live in Denmark. Jeliza-Rose's overweight chain-smoking mom has erratic mood swings, spends all day lying in bed eating a seemingly limitless supply of chocolate bars (and smacking Jeliza's hand and calling her a bitch if she tries to eat one) and she doesn't have the right mindset to be a parent, nor does the father. One day Jeliza's mom chokes to death on a piece of chocolate after smoking too much. Not wanting the police to see the drug paraphernalia and give Jeliza to child services, her father helps Jeliza build her mom a shroud, and they then pack some things and get on a bus to Texas (Jeliza believes it's Denmark). Jeliza's father is obnoxious, vulgar and disgusting on the bus, purposely farting and telling the other passengers that it was Jeliza just to embarrass her. Eventually they arrive at an old shack vandalized by teenagers and literally falling apart. Rude phrases are spray-painted on the walls and evidence of squirrels living in the attic is seen by Jeliza, but she tries to make the most of her new "home" by showing it to her four imaginary friends, which happen to be the disembodied heads of vintage Barbie-dolls. Her favorite, named Mystique, becomes her closest companion for much of the film. When Jeliza's father overdoses and dies that very night, Jeliza believes he is just unconscious. She plays elaborate imaginary games to pass the time, and although her father is visibly decomposing more and more every day, Jeliza tells herself that he isn't dead and retreats further away from reality. While playing under a tipped-over schoolbus by some train tracks, Jeliza meets Dell, an eccentric and mean-spirited lady who has a fear of bees and claims to have destroyed her family's beehives as a teenager. Jeliza at first believes Dell is a witch until she meets Dell's epileptic, intellectually-disabled brother Dickens and is determined to become part of the family. She begins snooping around and sees Dell having oral sex with a delivery boy to avoid paying for delivered groceries. Dickens tells Jeliza that doctors removed half his brain a long time ago to stop him from having seizures and he has a long scar on his head. Jeliza befriends him and joins him in a game where a pile of trash becomes a submarine in their minds and the train that passes by every afternoon becomes a "monster shark". Eventually Jeliza can no longer tell fantasy from reality and when she accidentally drops Mystique down a rabbit-hole on Dell's property, she thinks that the other doll heads will turn against her. Dickens tries to rescue Mystique but is unable to. Eventually after living off of just a jar of peanut butter from her father, Jeliza faints and is rescued by Dell. Dell is a taxidermist and her unstable mind is revealed when, instead of trying to help Jeliza get to the police and report the death of the father, she preserves the father as a grotesque doll using his dried skin. She starts accepting Jeliza's presence but when Jeliza breaks down and cries, Dell shows no affection and seems to harbour some sort of grudge against Jeliza and her father. Jeliza lets Dell put all the old doll heads into the body of her father, sewing him shut and trapping them inside. Afterwards Dell, Dickens and Jeliza paint the whole house white, pray to God and then eat a bunch of Dell's home-made food. Jeliza begins to act less withdrawn, seeing the brother and sister as the closest thing to a family she's ever had. One day while Dell is out in town and Jeliza and Dickens are alone in the old shack together, Jeliza puts makeup on him and begins to fall in love with him. Dickens doesn't understand that this is inappropriate, nor does Jeliza. Dickens recalls how as a little boy, his mother would tongue-kiss him and act in a perverse manner towards him, and about how his mother didn't really die from bee stings as Dell claims, she just fell down the stairs and died. Jeliza and Dickens kiss and then go off to play in the field after hearing a loud explosion noise. It turns out to be coming from a nearby mining quarry. Dickens reveals that he stole from the quarry an "atom bomb that will end the world and make Baby Jesus come alive like chemicals" (he shows this to Jeliza and it turns out he stole two packs of dynamite from the quarry but that in his mind it's an atom bomb). Jeliza tells him that if he shows her his bedroom, she'll let him keep her doll's arm. They also set a live squirrel free that Dell has caught and plans to kill. While in his bedroom, Dickens climbs on top of Jeliza and they tongue-kiss. Dickens' relationship with her nearly turns pedophilic, but then Dell catches them both. It is revealed that Dell and Dickens' mother and father had relationships with their children and that Jeliza's father was a brother to Dell and Dickens, too. Dell and Jeliza's father had an incestuous relationship which was ended when the father ran away to marry his wife and play music. Jeliza was born later on and Dell is her aunt. Dickens is her uncle. Because of the abuse Dell suffered as a child and her devastation after Jeliza's father left her and her mother died, she snapped and became a recluse who has preserved her dead mother using taxidermy to avoid her grief over the dead. Furious that Jeliza was about to kiss Dickens, thinking that she'll take him away from her, she threatens Jeliza and Jeliza accidentally squishes in the skull of her taxidermied grandmother. Dickens has a seizure and Jeliza runs away, crying hysterically until an explosion suddenly shatters the window to the shack. Realizing that Dickens used his dynamite to kill the "monster shark", Jeliza goes outside to investigate, finding that beyond her imagination the case is really that a mentally-disturbed man has caused a train crash, hurting tons of people. Still unsure of what's real and what isn't, she searches everywhere for Dickens but instead comes across an injured woman who kindly gives her a half of an orange she'd been eating and offers to help her. Jeliza sits down with the woman and stares off into space; meanwhile Dell can be seen in her nightgown wandering up and down the tracks through the flames and hurt people, calling her brother's name. The woman asks Jeliza if she's traveling alone and Jeliza tells the woman that fireflies are her friends and that she can speak to them in her mind. The woman just assumes that Jeliza is in shock since she has no knowledge of the girl's neglect or abuse. The film ends with an image of Jeliza's glazed-over, emotionally-distant eyes.
tt0285492
Drama,Mystery,Sci-Fi
The films starts with psychotherapist Kate (Kari Matchett), detective Simon (Geraint Wyn Davies), a blind girl named Sasha (Grace Lynn Kung), engineer Jerry (Neil Crone), game developer Max (Matthew Ferguson), lawyer Julia (Lindsey Connell), and an elderly woman named Mrs. Paley (Barbara Gordon) trapped in brightly lit cubes, each with six panels on each side which are doors to other rooms. They come across Colonel Thomas (Bruce Gray), who says that they have to solve the code in order to leave the mysterious place. A wall begins to close in on the group. The group escape while Thomas stays behind and handcuffs himself. They realize that the wall is non-physical and evidently dangerous due to Thomas's reaction to it. Kate and Simon watch in horror as Thomas is disintegrated by the wall, the suitcase he was holding reduced to tatters. Later experiences around the cube reveal that gravity can operate in different directions in each room, while Mrs. Paley and Jerry realize that they may be in a tesseract. Kate begins to notice the numbers "60659" everywhere they go. The group realize that they are connected to Izon, a weapons industry. Mrs. Paley then opens a panel to reveal her and Simon being killed. Jerry thinks that it is a parallel universe, while Max and Julia think it is an optical illusion. Later, while the group are sleeping, Simon realizes that he is in the tesseract to look for Becky (Greer Kent), a missing Izon worker. Meanwhile, Sasha, who has acute hearing, hears a noise and awakens everyone. The group find a floating square in the middle of the room which initially grows into several shifting variations of a tesseract, before expanding into a lethal and rapidly spinning frame. The group flee into another room, but Jerry is caught and dies after being pulled into the tessaract. Sasha and Kate are separated from the group. Simon starts to suspect that Mrs. Paley is an undercover spy, so he gags and ties her up, but crystal beams start protruding from the walls. Simon tries to save Mrs. Paley, but instead stabs her with his knife and leaves her to die. Max and Julia, disturbed that Simon killed Mrs. Paley, leave him. They start to have sex, but unbeknownst to them, they are in a room where time speeds up, and they age prematurely. Simon, alone and hungry, goes insane. He encounters a parallel Jerry and the missing Becky. Meanwhile, Kate finds grisly alternate realities in other rooms. Sasha tells Kate that time and space are distorted at where they are; the tesseract will implode and reality is collapsing. She then reveals that she is Alex Trusk, a computer hacker who is responsible for the creation of the tesseract. She also reveals that when she discovered that Izon was actually putting people inside the tesseract, she tried to stop their operation, but was pursued so she "fled into the only place they wouldn't follow." Kate, however, still believes that there is a way out. Kate finds Simon and stabs him in the eye after he grabs her. Simon then appears behind Alex, old and blind in one eye, proving Alex's time theory. Alex claims that they "are all dead", which causes Simon to snap her neck. Kate finds that the tesseract is shrinking, and kills Simon with the knife. She looks at the numerous watch duplicates of Jerry's and realises that "60659" is the time that the tesseract will implode (at 6:06:59) and that she is there to take back Alex's necklace, filled with confidential information on Izon. The hypercube starts wearing away, and Kate opens a panel in the bottom, revealing a black void. At 6:06:59, she jumps in, just when the Hypercube implodes. Kate wakes up in the hands of Izon authorities. She gives them the necklace and is executed. Izon authorities then report that "Phase 2 is terminated".
tt0105488
Comedy,Drama,Music
Strictly Ballroom is a romantic comedy telling the story of an Australian ballroom dancer, Scott Hastings. Scott comes from a family with a history of ballroom dancing and has been training since childhood. He has become very proficient but he encounters considerable resistance when he tries to dance his own steps in preference to the more traditional ballroom moves. Scott's steps are not strictly ballroom. His dancing partner Liz leaves him, and he eventually finds a new dancing partner, and love, with the plain and ordinary dancing student Fran. At the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix, it is discovered that the competition has been fixed by Barry Fife, chairman of the Australian Dancing Federation. Fife disqualifies Hastings and Fran, but they dance anyway and practically bring down the house dancing the Paso Doble, which they have learned from Fran's father and grandmother. In the end, it is not revealed whether Scott and Fran win or lose, as in the story, that is not an important factor. A sub-plot involves Scott's discovery of his parents' hidden past - they too had been ballroom dancing champions until Scott's father (now a quiet and retiring type) had attempted to flout convention with novel dance steps.
tt0426459
Action,Comedy,Horror
The people in the bar are all having a good time when a man covered in blood enters through the door. He tells everyone that they are in big trouble, but no one really heeds his warning until he exposes the head of a vicious looking monster. He is promptly decapitated by one of the monsters, and the young girl known only as "Honey Pie" is showered from head to toe in blood. Following this, a woman bursts through the door and is revealed to be the recently deceased man's wife. After a brief sentimental moment between the wife and her late husband, they begin boarding up the windows in the bar, which then results in the military guy getting killed. A smaller monster than the ones previously seen bursts through the uncovered window and begins incapacitating the various people inside the bar, starting with the woman named "Harley Mom", who has one of her legs sawed off at the knee. It is wrongly assumed she then dies from massive blood loss (she is used as bait later, despite actually being alive). After she is taken out, the monster disappears, only for it to be found humping one of the deer heads nailed to the wall. A shotgun blast promptly removes the deer head and monster from the wall and the monster then drops into a refrigerator, which is then sealed shut, trapping the monster inside it. Following this, most of the windows are boarded up and the bar patrons are given a moment of peace. The only phone however, has been hit by a stray shotgun blast, and is rendered useless. After a short breather, the woman known as "Tuffy" suddenly realizes that while most people are presumably safe downstairs, her son is still upstairs, and she bolts upstairs to get him. The kid is quickly found, and all rejoice, until the boy is pulled through the window and eaten by one of the monsters, leaving only his sneakers behind. Tuffy is now incapacitated by grief, and the monster then vomits a stream of slime at "Beer Guy", who is hit, and falls over, and is then hit again as he attempts to stand up. As the remaining people regroup downstairs, it is revealed that the slime has a decomposing effect and "Beer Guy" is slowly overcome by its effects. Meanwhile, "Honey Pie" begins washing off the blood and has to take off her clothes, much to the amusement of "Hot Wheels" and "Bozo". Following this is an attempt to scare off the monsters by killing what is now revealed to be a baby monster and hanging it outside. The monsters quickly have sex and produce two offspring in a matter of seconds. They begin to attack the pub with renewed fury. After many attacks and ultimately, a fight to the death between the last remaining humans and monsters, only 4 people survive: "Tuffy/Heroine 2", "Hot Wheels", "Bozo" and apparently "Honey Pie" (who actually escapes in a beer truck without picking up the remaining people). "Grandma" seems to survive but in the last second is seen being attacked by one of the remaining monsters.
tt0366777
Comedy,Crime,Drama
The film focuses on two brothers, Damian, and his older brother, Anthony. Both brothers have differences in personalities. Anthony is more focused on money and how much things cost. These matters are of no concern to Damian, who since the death of their mother, has been an admirer of saints, persons who have done good deeds and acquired sainthood. Secretly, Damian feels that his mother may be one. After moving to a new housing development, Damian scavenges the cardboard boxes from the move, and creates a small fort. One day, as a high-speed train thunders past, a duffel bag filled with money smashes into the fort. Believing the money to be from God, Anthony shows his brother. With their newfound wealth, both boys secretly begin to use it for different purposes. Anthony uses it to purchase things and to buy attention from others in school. Damian takes what he can, and tries to help other with it, even going so far as to treat some homeless people to pizza. One day, Damian sees a man down by the train tracks, looking for something. When Damian asks the man if he's poor, the man replies in an affirmative, and Damian rushes back to the house for some money. Instead, Anthony accompanies Damian, and gives the man a jar full of coins. Anthony afterwards lectures Damian for being careless. Another issue arises, in that within several days, the United Kingdom will convert British pounds into the Euro, the currency used throughout much of Europe. Anthony attempts to deposit what they have into a bank, but they cannot start an account without an adult present. One day, a woman named Dorothy visits the school, hoping to collect donations from the children to build wells for people in Africa. The robotic 'bin' that she remote controls eventually head to Damian, who inserts 1000 pounds. Afterwards, one of Anthony's classmates reveals to Damian and Anthony of a daring robbery, in which several men secretly snuck aboard a train transporting old pound notes to be burned. The men had been depositing packages of these bills along the train route, and were being picked up by different men. Damian finally realises where the sack of money came from, but has little time to think of this when he is called to the headteacher's office. The headteacher calls in Anthony and their father to discuss the 1000 pound donation. Anthony fabricates a story that they stole the money from some neighbouring Mormons. The issue is further complicated when their father ends up speaking to Dorothy, who requests his services to fix her robotic 'bin.' Dorothy catches the boys trying to take the extra money to be deposited, and Anthony covers by saying they are taking part in the school's Christmas play. From this moment on, Anthony keeps the twin duffel bags of cash close to them. It is during the performance that Damian sees the man he had seen previously down by the railway tracks. Fearing for his life, Damian leaves the school, taking the bags of money with him, and goes to their family's old house, of which he still has a key. Damian hides in the attic, thinking he's safe. Suddenly, the attic's door is flung open, and his father and Anthony appear. Damian does not explain about the 'poor man,' but finally comes clean to their Dad about the money they found, explaining how he thought it was 'from God.' Returning to their home, they find it ransacked (most likely by the 'poor man'). It is then that the boy's Dad decides to spend what's left of the money. Damian strongly protests that it isn't right since it isn't their money, but their Dad insists that since they have been burgled, it's only fair that it be put to use to fix their Christmas. Damian goes to sleep, upset at his Dad's plans, but before he goes to sleep, the attic hatch opens in his room, and the 'poor man' emerges, who had been hiding in the house the entire time, insisting to Damian that he will return tomorrow to collect the money, before sneaking out of the house. The next day, along with Dorothy, who they let in on the secret, the family goes into town, and after exchanging all the pound notes for Euros, spend what they can, but not all of the money. The family and Dorothy celebrate later on, though Anthony grows angered when it appears that Dorothy and their Dad are getting more and more close. Anthony then blames Damian for this happening. Damian, confused and still upset over the money, leaves the house with the duffelbags. Once he has done so, a number of people show up at their home, asking their Dad for donations and handouts. Meanwhile, the 'poor man' is caught sneaking into the house by the police. Damian takes the bags to the nearby train tracks, and sets the remaining cash on fire. As a speeding train comes by, a woman appears on the other side of the tracks. Damian immediately identifies her as his mum, and insists that even though he knows she's not real, he still is glad to see her. The image of his mum gives Damian some worldly advice, and to his ears, explains that she has become a saint, and that her miracle was him. As they embrace, Anthony appears nearby, and for a brief moment, sees the vision before it disappears. The next day, Damian reveals what he did...though it is also revealed that everyone else hoarded a little of the money, and it was not all destroyed. The film ends in a fantasy-like vision where Damian, Anthony, their Dad, and Dorothy, travel to Africa, where the remaining funds are used for Dorothy's charity of building wells for villages.
tt0298845
Drama
The movie opens to a family of 4 nervously trying to cross the border from US into Canada. The father, Johnny (Paddy Considine) tells his two young daughters to remember to say 'we are on holiday'. The INS officials are suspicious, so Christy (Sarah Bolger), the oldest daughter prays to her deceased brother, Frankie. Apparently he will grant her 3 wishes and this situation calls for a favor. So she asks him to get them across the border. Then the officials wave them through. Soon they are driving through New York excited about the lights and seeing Times Square. Christy is filming everything on her little red camcorder. (A constant companion through the film). The family pulls up to an apartment which is filled with druggies and junkies. They are on the top floor and there is no elevator, so they have to take stairs. The apartment is run down and there are a lot of pigeons which they let out through a skylight. The apartment is large and they fix it up with paint and new furniture. The family has fun as the girls skate on rollerblades throughout the apartment. Meanwhile, there is another apartment that says 'keep away' on the door. Inside is a large African man in a rage. He is an artist surrounded by canvas and paintings. In his fury he starts slashing one of his paintings with a knife. The screen shows dripping blood and we see a hand making a bloody handprint on a canvas. Soon it is summer and the family is very hot; they are not used to the New York heat. Johnny goes to get an air conditioner but he is pulling it on a little set of wheels and can't get it up the curb. So he angrily pulls it down the middle of the street in opposing traffic. He finally gets it home, carries it up all the stairs, slams it down on the window ledge and then screams in frustration to see that it has a three pronged plug and the outlet only has two prongs. He goes to a convenience store to try to buy a plug. He is 25 cents short. The guy won't cut him a break so he returns some bottles to get 25 cents and then buys the plug. He grafts the new plug on the air conditioner and the family is extremely relieved as the cool air starts flowing. After 2 minutes of cool, the power in the entire building blows. All the people in the building start yelling at them and the family decides to run out and find refuge in the air conditioning of the movie theater. In the theater they see ET and the youngest daughter Ariel, (Emma Bolger) is especially moved by the scene where ET is flying across the moon and 'going home'. (Important later). On the way home the family walks through a carnival and pass a ball throwing game that awards ET dolls as prizes. Ariel asks her father to win her one. The attendant explains that to win the doll you need to get 7 balls in the bucket. Plus if you double your money every time you buy balls, you win all your money back too. Johnny thinks this sounds easy and plunks down 2 dollars to get 3 balls. He gets 2 in. Then the next 3 balls cost 4 dollars. He gets one in. Then next 3 balls cost 8 dollars and so forth. Finally he needs to get two more balls in and the cost is now $128. The family is getting nervous and the daughter says 'forget it'. A big crowd is gathering and Johnny is getting nervous. He gets one in but otherwise keeps missing. They finally put all their rent money on the table and he only has one more shot. (Very tense!). In desperation Christy prays to Frankie to make the ball go in. The balls makes it in the basket and the family is elated. The family goes home and the parents are so excited that they send the kids to the ice cream shop. Then Johnny and Sarah (the mom, Samantha Morton) have passionate sex. At the same time there is a severe thunderstorm. A narrator tells us that a baby is conceived. In the fall the kids go to catholic school. To support themselves the Sarah works in an ice cream shop and Johnny drives a taxi. Johnny goes to a lot of auditions as he is trying to strike is big as an actor. He can get the accents perfect, but the director says his acting needs to come from his gut; it's missing feeling. Soon it is Halloween and Sarah is making homemade costumes for the kid. Ariel is an angel, and Christy is dressed up to represent Autumn. Their parents escort them to the school costume party and as they walk in everyone stops and stares at them. The family is puzzled why everyone is staring and Christy says it's because their costumes are homemade. The kids know they are different (and poor) and Christy hates it. The kids demand to be able to go trick or treating. But the parents don't really understand what it is so they tell the girls they can trick or treat in their building only. The kids bang on door after door and no one answers. Finally, in desperation they start yelling and banging at the door that says 'Keep Away'. We see the occupant in his darkroom developing pictures and he yells angrily 'GO AWAY'. But the kids are excited that someone is there so they and pound even harder. He finally yanks the door open in anger. He lets them in and it very nice to the little girls. He looks around for something to give them and opens his fridge. We get a brief glimpse of lots of medicine bottles in the fridge. He finally gives them a glass bottle filled with change. To reciprocate for his kindness, the parents invite him over for dinner. We learn that his name is Mateo (Djimon Hounsou). Mateo becomes a family friend and starts hanging out the mom and 2 kids. He helps them paint a mural of angels in the girls bedroom. Sarah visits Mateo in his apartment and looks at some pictures. In the pictures, Mateo is with family in a wealthy setting and Sarah says with surprise 'Oh, you are rich!'. Meanwhile, Johnny is getting jealous at all the time Mateo is spending with his family. Johnny and Sarah go to the doctor about her pregnancy and he says they shouldn't proceed with the pregnancy; there are some serious health risks involved. Sarah is adamant that she is going to have her baby. Sarah wants to reassure the girls so she pretends to feel the baby kicking and asks Johnny 'can't you feel the baby kicking'. After putting his hand on her stomach he says 'I can't feel anything.' Sarah chews him out saying he should have lied for the kids sake, after all he is an actor. And he can't feel anything - that's why he doesn't get any acting jobs. They start blaming each other for Frankie's death. Sarah says Johnny shut his feelings off when Frankie died and hasn't even been able to cry since. Johnny angrily goes downstairs to confront Mateo about why he is spending so much time with his family. He accuses him of being in love with his wife. Mateo says 'I love all of you, even the unborn child, I love everything that is alive'. Johnny realizes that Mateo is dying of AIDS. Time progresses and as Sarah gets more pregnant, Mateo gets sicker. The children go to visit Mateo one last time as he is very sick and Ariel makes Mateo promise he will say goodbye to her before he goes. Finally it's time for Sarah to go to the hospital and we see Mateo go to the same hospital. Sarah has her baby but it's premature and needs a lot of medical help. Sarah is delusional and starts yelling, asking about Frankie. She starts blaming Johnny for his death saying 'it's your fault he died because you put the gate at the top of the stairs and he climbed the gate!'. She has to be sedated. The hospital asks Johnny for a $5000 check. Johnny gives them a check but it bounces. The Doctor informs the family that the baby needs a blood transfusion. However, Johnny is not a match and Sarah is too sick so Christy bravely donates the blood and the baby gets better. The nurse pulls a sheet over Mateo's head; he's dead. The baby gets better and the family can leave the hospital and take the baby home. As they check out of the hospital, they are nervous as the cashier prints out the bill and announces the total is $33,000. However, they become very surprised when the cashier informs them the bill has been paid in full by Mateo. Ariel is upset because Mateo never said good-bye to her and he promised he would. Finally they go outside and there's a full moon. Johnny and Christy decides to lie for the sake of Ariel . They pretend to see Mateo flying by the moon (like ET) and waving goodbye. They ask Ariel 'do you see him?'. And she keeps insisting she can't see anything, but finally she says 'I see him'! And waves good bye. Then Christy asks for her 3rd wish from Frankie. She asks him to help their Dad say goodbye. She tells Johnny to say goodbye to Frankie. He waves and says goodbye and starts crying for the first time since Frankie died.
tt0104237
Drama,Romance
Dr. Stephen Fleming (Jeremy Irons), a British cabinet minister, lives a pleasant life with his wife Ingrid (Miranda Richardson) and young daughter Sally (Gemma Clarke). His older son, Martyn (Rupert Graves), is a rising journalist. At a party, Stephen meets a young half-French woman named Anna Barton (Juliette Binoche), who introduces herself as a close friend of Martyn's; it is apparent, however, that Stephen and Anna are instantly attracted to each other. When Martyn visits his parents in London, he brings Anna with him, revealing that they are romantically involved. The sexual tension between Stephen and Anna is clear, though their partners are oblivious of this. Despite her relationship with Martyn, Anna arranges a tryst with Stephen at her apartment. Stephen's obsession with Anna deepens. After an international summit adjourns in Brussels, he travels to Paris to meet her instead of going home. While Martyn is sleeping in a Paris hotel room, Stephen and Anna have sex in an open doorway in broad daylight. Afterwards, Stephen checks into a hotel across the street from Anna's and Martyn's, spying on the couple through his window. Eventually, his infatuation reaches a point where he desires to be with Anna permanently, even at the risk of destroying his relationship with his son. Anna dissuades Stephen from doing this, assuring him that as long as she is with Martyn, he will always have access to her. During a visit to Anna's apartment, Stephen finds that another man named Peter Wetzler (Peter Stormare) is already present. Peter unaware of Stephen's affair with Anna tells him that they are former lovers. A jealous Stephen initially assumes that Anna is cheating on him and, when Peter leaves, confronts her. Anna denies carrying on with Peter, and then describes in detail the death of her brother, who had committed suicide after expressing an incestuous desire for her. She recounts that she had compulsively slept with Peter in order to grieve over her brother's death, which she had witnessed. Stephen is placated by this explanation, and the couple once again have sex. The Flemings travel to their country estate to celebrate Ingrid's birthday. During a meal there, Martyn announces his engagement to Anna, which visibly disturbs Stephen. That night, after Stephen receives oral sex from Anna, Sally catches them outside of Anna's room. Soon after, an anxious Stephen lies to Sally about what she saw, telling her that he was merely trying to console Anna about the upcoming marriage. Later, the Flemings have lunch with Anna's mother, who notices the awkward behavior between Anna and Stephen. She correctly deduces that they are having an affair and, during a car ride with Stephen, warns him to put an end to it. Stephen initially complies and calls Anna to end their relationship. He tries to confess his misdeeds to both Martyn and Ingrid, but ultimately shies away from doing so. However, after Stephen succumbs to temptation and anonymously phones Anna's apartment, she mails him keys to a renovated flat where they can meet. When Anna visits his home, she tells Stephen that she couldn't marry Martyn without being with him. They go to the flat at an appointed time and begin another raucous tryst, but Martyn having been guided to the flat by chance finds them in bed together. Stunned, he falls over a stairway railing and plunges to his death. A devastated Stephen clutches Martyn's body while Anna silently leaves the scene. Stephen's affair is exposed and becomes the subject of a media frenzy, with a mob of reporters convening outside his house. Inside, an anguished Ingrid reacts to the day's events by questioning whether Stephen had ever been in love with her. It is strongly suggested that their marriage end. Stephen, now publicly disgraced, is also forced to resign from his cabinet position. He meets Anna's mother at a hotel and finds that Anna is staying with her; they say nothing as they meet for the last time. Stephen withdraws from public life and retires to an unknown location in Europe. In narration, he reveals that Anna now has a child with Peter. In his flat, a photo of himself with Anna and Martyn, blown up to life size, hangs on his wall.
tt0303361
Drama,Horror
May (Angela Bettis) is an awkward, lonely young woman who had a troubled childhood due to her "lazy eye" which caused her to feel abnormal and out of place. As a little girl, May's mother takes her to an eye doctor, who suggests that May wear an eye patch to correct her vision. Unfortunately, this only encourages the other children to make fun of her, most notably on their first day of school, when one of her fellow students asks her if she is a pirate. She has very few social interactions with people throughout her life with her only "true friend" being a glass-encased doll named Suzy made by her mother and given to May for her birthday. After presenting her with the gift, her mother tells her, "If you can't find a friend, make one." As an adult, May works at a Veterinary Hospital assisting with surgeries in a lower-class section of Los Angeles. May's optometrist fixes her lazy eye, first with eye glasses, then with a special form of contact lens. As May attempts to interact with the people around her, she sees Adam (Jeremy Sisto), a local mechanic, around town and begins to follow him. She times her visits to the local laundromat and her lunch breaks with his in order to meet up with him so she can watch him. The seemingly perfect guy, Adam gets to know May when she finally manages to get the courage to walk up and introduce herself to him, and when she tells him that she's weird, he replies, "That's okay. I like weird". May has a fixation on his hands, which she considers to be the most attractive part of him, and Adam seems to find her attractive as well. They start dating and Adam teaches May to smoke cigarettes, teasing her when he realizes she has never smoked before. He gives her his pack of his cigarettes and tells her to 'practice'. At the same time, May's lesbian colleague Polly (Anna Faris) who works as the receptionist at the vet clinic, begins to show an attraction to May, while at the same time poking fun at her for her oddness. One day while May is feeling especially low, she makes a random remark that Polly has a beautiful neck. Polly then gives her pet cat Loopy to May, ostensibly because of her "bitch" landlord's new rules not to have pets around. One day, Adam shows her a film he made for his university titled 'Jack and Jill'. The black-and-white silent film reveals a story of two young lovers who go on a picnic and end up eating each other. May becomes clearly aroused by the blatant cannibalism in the film and, during what started as an intense session of making out, gets carried away and bites Adam on the lip, causing him to bleed profusely. Adam is finally disturbed by May's strange personality and leaves. May feels guilty and blames her doll Suzy (who frightened Adam upon viewing her) for encouraging her to make bad choices. She shouts at her and shoves her in the cupboard. May then inquires about working at a school for disabled children, specifically for looking after the blind children she saw playing in the park near her workplace. She is especially interested in a lonely girl named Petey, who she feels she can identify with. The little girl also likes May so she gives her an ashtray made of clay with May's name carved into the center of it. At about this time, May finally gives in to Polly's wiles and starts a romantic affair with her. After Adam stops calling her (weirded out because she drew blood while they were kissing), May goes to his house and accidentally overhears him and a friend calling her a loony and saying he's glad he could get rid of her. Heartbroken, May goes to see Polly only to find that she's with another girl. Returning home, May's totally miserable and when Loopy refuses to come near her, she becomes enraged and throws the clay ashtray at the cat, striking her on the head and killing her. Over time, May further isolates herself in her apartment becoming more and more delusional, thinking that her doll Suzy is talking to her through a series of crackles from her glass case (shades of 'Repulsion'). Soon, May tries to phone Adam, which he does not pick up. May thinks that this somehow signifies that Suzy is jealous of Adam and does not want May to be near him. The following day, May is sitting on a bench at a local bus stop when a punk boy named Blank (James Duval) sits besides her and begins talking to her. He becomes interested in her odd remarks about people not being entirely perfect but only having perfect "parts". May doesn't like him at first, but then says she likes the tattoo he has on his arm. They go to May's aparment and Blank begins flirting with her. When he goes to the freezer to get ice, he finds the cat's corpse wrapped in plastic wrap. Flabbergasted, he begins to panic and calls May a freak, infuriating her; she stabs him in the head with a pair of scissors. Later, she goes to the school for blind kids and shows them Suzy, her doll, telling them that that is her best friend. The children cannot see it, so they want to touch. May tries to keep the doll away (as Suzy is delicate) and struggles with the kids until the doll falls and the glass case shatters into pieces all around the floor. The children begin to crawl about looking for the doll, and the glass cuts into their hands and knees. May also gets down on the floor to rescue Suzy, cutting herself in the process. She is covered in not only her blood, but the blood of the children as well. Carrying the now-destroyed, blood-covered Suzy, May returns home. She is devastated at all the things that have happened to her. She even scratches her irritated eyes, and they begin to bleed from the contact lenses in them. Suddenly, she realizes that the people she had known as her friends were not friends at all; there were only parts of them that she considered 'friends'. She simply comes to the conclusion that a perfect friend can only be made of all the perfect parts of the people she thought were her friends. On Halloween night, May dresses up in a homemade costume similar to Suzy's dress, along with straighting her hair out as well as putting on white facial powder, making her face pasty white, as well as blood-red lipstick. She rents a large ice cooler hooked up to a dolly, and goes out. May first goes over to Polly's house. (Note: from this point, May also adopts a "normal" manner and attitude, very unlike her usual innocent, stamering, child-like behavior; she starts talking to all people who interact with her in a cold, unhesitant, impassive tone of voice.) At Polly's house, May and Polly carry on a normal conversation about work until May pulls out a couple of scalpels that she stole from the animal hospital and puts them in each side of Polly's neck. Polly laughs at her, thinking this is a joke and stating that she knows that May would never hurt her until May suddenly slashes her neck, much to Polly's astonishment before dying. A little later, Ambrosia, Polly's other lover, arrives at the house, irritated at May's presence. May admires her legs and asks her to turn around for her. Ambrosia accepts, but not without calling her a freak and making derisive comments about her and Polly's previous relationship. After this, May stabs her on both sides of her head. Lastly, May goes to Adam's house. When she arrives there, she finds that Adam is with another girl called Hoop (for her hoop earrings) who lets May come in, much to Adam's annoyance. They sit at the table, and May asks Adam to touch her face. Adam refuses, something which leads into a discussion between May and Hoop, who tells her that Adam is hers, now. Finally, she lets Adam touch May. He indignantly pokes May's forehead, at which point May stabs Hoop in the neck. Adam walks back and screams in horror, but May stabs him in the stomach. Back at home, May starts designing her "new friend", which is basically a Frankenstein-esque life-sized rag doll made from her deceased friends who's body parts she keeps in the cooler she's carrying around. She uses Blank's arms, Polly's neck, Adam's hands, Ambrosia's legs, Hoop's earrings (still on her severed ears), and Loopy's fur, to substitute hair. The head and torso are simply different scraps of fabric stitched together and stuffed, while the other appendages are finally sewn together. May then changes out of her Suzy costume, washes herself off, and reverts back to her old child-like personality. Once the macabre doll, named Amy - taken from the letters in May's name, which was written on the now-destroyed ashtray - is finished, she realizes that Amy can't actually see her. So, in a rush of misery, she gouges out her right eye (the lazy one) with the scissors. Crying in pain, she puts it on the head of Amy and sobbingly begs for the toy to look at her. Exasperated and in pain, May leans her head against Amy's shoulder. May sees her friend suddenly come to life and touch her face lovingly, with Adam's treasured hands. May smiles.
tt0127357
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Somewhere in the jungles of South Africa, a multinational military unit, Special Force Unit, ambushes a convoy and kidnaps several scientists working on a highly-volatile compound extracted from a recently discovered meteorite. Among the operatives is a Hong Kong national identified by his code name "Jackie Chan". Morgan (Ron Smerczak) of the CIA is sent to South Africa to investigate the incident, not knowing that Morgan and newly-retired Lieutenant General Sherman (Ed Nelson) orchestrated the abduction for their personal profit. At the same time, the CIA assigns another operative in South Africa for a more covert operation. Chan wakes up in a tribal village somewhere in the African veldt, still recovering from injuries sustained in an accident he cannot remember; due to this, when asked for his name by the natives, he responds by asking himself, "Who Am I?", and is referred to as that by the natives. The tribesmen show him the remains of a crashed helicopter and graves of those who perished aboard. He spends weeks recuperating from his wounds and learning about the tribe's culture. After spotting rally cars from several miles away, "Who Am I?" bids the village farewell and ventures on a journey back to civilization. He befriends Japanese rally navigator Yuki (Mirai Yamamoto) after saving her brother from a snake bite and offering to help them finish the race. When they reach Johannesburg, "Who Am I?" meets Christine Stark (Michelle Ferre), an American journalist sent to interview him about his rally adventure. However, Morgan hears of "Who Am I?" and sends hitmen to kill him. Morgan also pretends to be his ally, telling him to contact him if he is in danger. After escaping from the hitmen, Christine cracks a secret code written on a matchbook found on one of the dead operatives, which leads them to Rotterdam, Netherlands. "Who Am I?" and Christine bid Yuki farewell and head for Rotterdam to find more answers to his identity. In Rotterdam, "Who Am I?" discovers that Christine is actually an undercover CIA agent. Not knowing whom to trust, he sneaks into the Willemswerf alone, where he discovers the masterminds behind the kidnapping of the scientists. It is revealed that Morgan and Lieutenant General Sherman are about to sell the extraterrestrial compound to a powerful arms dealer. While waiting for the online transaction to finish, the three men leave the conference room for a coffee break giving "Who Am I?" time to sneak in and steal the disc containing the compound information. He also cancels the transaction and sends the money to a children's organization, infuriating the arms dealer. After escaping from the building, "Who Am I?" regroups with Christine, who calls for the execution of a "Plan B", to surround the Erasmus Bridge and corner Morgan. After Christine takes Morgan into custody, "Who Am I?" throws the disc off the bridge and tells Christine that he will return to Africa.
tt0096764
Adventure,Comedy,Fantasy
The film begins in an unnamed and war-torn European city in the late 18th century (dubbed "The Age of Reason" in an opening caption), where, amidst explosions and gunfire from a large Turkish army outside the city gates, a fanciful touring stage production of Baron Münchhausen's life and adventures is taking place. Backstage, city official "The Right Ordinary Horatio Jackson" (Jonathan Pryce) reinforces the city's commitment to reason (here meaning uniformity and unexceptionality) by ordering the execution of a soldier who had just accomplished a near-superhuman feat of bravery (Sting in a cameo), claiming that his bravery is demoralizing to other soldiers. Not far into the play, an elderly man claiming to be the real Baron interrupts the show, protesting its many inaccuracies. Over the complaints of the audience, the theater company and Jackson, the "real" Baron gains the house's attention and narrates through flashback an account of one of his adventures, of a life-or-death wager with the Grand Turk, where the younger Baron's life is saved only by his amazing luck plus the assistance of his remarkable associates: Berthold (Eric Idle), the world's fastest runner; Adolphus (Charles McKeown), a rifleman with superhuman eyesight; Gustavus (Jack Purvis), who possesses extraordinary hearing, and sufficient lung power to knock down an army by exhaling; and Albrecht (Winston Dennis), a fantastically strong man. When gunfire disrupts the elderly Baron's story, the importance of saving the city eclipses the show. The Baron wanders backstage intending to die, until the exuberantly enthusiastic questioning of Sally Salt (Sarah Polley), the young daughter of the theater company's leader, persuades him to remain living. Insisting that he alone can save the city, the Baron escapes the city's walls in a hot air balloon constructed of women's underwear, accompanied by Sally as a stowaway. The balloon expedition proceeds to the Moon, where the Baron, rejuvenated by the escape, finds his old associate Berthold, but angers the King of the Moon (Robin Williams), who resents the Baron for his romantic past with the Queen of the Moon (Valentina Cortese). A bungled escape from the Moon brings the trio back to (and beneath) the Earth, where the Roman God Vulcan (Oliver Reed) hosts his guests with courtesy and Albrecht is found. The Baron and Vulcan's wife, the Goddess Venus (Uma Thurman), attempt a romantic interlude by waltzing in air, but this cuts short the hospitality and Vulcan expels the now-foursome from his kingdom into the South Seas. Swallowed by an enormous sea creature, the travelers locate Gustavus, Adolphus, and the Baron's trusty horse Bucephalus. The Baron (who again appears elderly after being "expelled from a state of bliss", in his words) struggles with the conflicting goals of heroism and a peaceful death, before deciding to escape by blowing "a modicum of snuff" out into the sea creature's cavernous interior, which causes the sea creature to "sneeze" the heroes out through its whale-like blowhole. Back ashore, the Turkish army is located but the Baron's associates are now too elderly and tired to fight the Turk as in the old days. The Baron lectures them firmly but to no avail, and he storms off intending to surrender to the Turk and to Jackson; his cohorts rally to save both the Baron and the city. During the city's celebratory parade, the Baron is shot dead by Jackson. An emotional public funeral takes place, but the denouement reveals that this is merely the final scene of yet another story the Baron is telling to the same theater-goers who were attending the theater in the beginning of the film. The Baron calls the foregoing "only one of the many occasions on which I met my death" and closes his tale by saying "everyone who had a talent for it lived happily ever after." An ambiguous finale reveals that the city has indeed been saved, even though the events of the battle apparently occurred in a story rather than the film's reality. The Baron rides off on Bucephalus. As the Baron and Bucephalus are bathed in the light of the sun parting through the clouds, they apparently disappear, and the credits roll over a triumphant blast of music.
tt0070948
Adventure,Fantasy,Sci-Fi
The story opens with a speech made by Arthur Frayn/Zardoz (Niall Buggy) who states that he is immortal. He explains that this story "may" happen in the future. He is a "fake god" and a magician. But he is invented too, asking if the viewers of the movie themselves are part of a fiction. He asks "Is God in show business too?" In the year 2293, the world is divided into two groups: the Brutals, and the Eternals. The Brutals live harsh and violent lives, farming crops and eking out a bare existence among the ruins of civilization, known as the Outlands. Elite among the Brutals are the Exterminators, men who have been raised to control the population by killing undesirables. These Exterminators are shown riding around on horses, worshiping a giant floating head-- the idol of their god, Zardoz. Instead of telling the faithful to be fruitful and multiply, Zardoz explains that sex is evil and that "the penis shoots seeds and makes new life to poison the earth with a plague of men." He commands the Exterminators to "go forth and kill." In furtherance of this divine decree, guns and bullets come pouring out of the mouth of Zardoz. Zed (Sean Connery) takes one of the guns, a Webley-Fosbery semi-automatic revolver, and fires it toward the camera. Beethoven's Seventh Symphony plays as the head floats through the air over opening credits. Inside the stone head, there are piles of grain and potatoes, as well as several Eternals, naked, sealed in plastic, and apparently in a state of suspended animation. Zed has managed to stow away aboard the head, hiding beneath one of the piles of grain. Suddenly he notices Arthur Frayn, whom he instinctively shoots. Arthur, wounded perhaps fatally, floats out of the head yelling "without me you are nothing... how pointless!" The head lands "over the rainbow," so to speak, in the land of the Eternals-- Vortex Four, to be precise. Exploring the surroundings, Zed finds what looks like a farming community with hydroponically grown vegetables, a mill and bakery as well as stables. Entering the second floor of the greenhouse, he finds a room decorated with diagrams of evolution, signs of the zodiac, a shrine to Zardoz and a jack-in-the-box. Zed hears a disembodied male voice, the source of which is shown to be a crystal ring. When Zed shakes the ring, a hologram appears that depicts the agricultural needs of the various areas in the Vortex; what they require and what they have produced in surplus. The ring responds to Zed's verbal commands by showing him images. When he asks "Who lives here," he is startled to see Arthur Frayn's face appear in the room, announcing his name and vortex number. Zed can hear people talking outside and slips out of the house. He sneaks around outside and watches as a group of Eternals carry the plastic-wrapped bodies on stretchers, disappearing into a pyramid that looks too small to contain them. He sees his first flower and asks the crystal ring what it is. The voice explains that it is a flower whose purpose is "decorative." Zed finds a river and washes his face as a female Eternal approaches. He tries to shoot her but the woman uses telepathy to blind Zed momentarily. She's obviously intrigued to see a Brutal in the Vortex and asks him how he arrived there and where he thinks he is. He replies that he thinks he is in the Vortex where, according to Zardoz, you go when you die. She explains the only way he could have gotten here is through the stone head but Zed will not divulge any further details, nor is the woman able to extract this information by reading his mind, which she attributes to possible shock he may have sustained. The woman, a scientist named May (Sara Kestelman) consults the Tabernacle, a type of artificial intelligence that oversees all activity within the Vortex, to learn the whereabouts of Arthur Frayn, who was delegated to manage the Outlands, which he did by pretending to be the god Zardoz. The Tabernacle shows Arthur Frayn's accident falling from the stone head and indicates that Frayn died and is in the process of being reincarnated, but it won't show May the final moments before Arthur's death. May argues with another community leader named Consuella (Charlotte Rampling) about what should be done with Zed. May wants to keep Zed alive so that they can study him-- he is the first Brutal who has ever infiltrated the Vortex. However Consuella views Zed as little more than a dangerous animal-- a threat to the stability of their society who should be put down as soon as possible. The women decide to put the matter to a vote. They call a meeting and connect Zed to an apparatus that displays his thoughts on a screen. The other Eternals want to see his memories. Their society has gradually evolved to become asexual and anhedonic, and they find the images of Zed and the other Exterminators raping and killing Brutals in the Outlands both repulsive and arousing. After debating the pro's and cons of performing research on "the monster," the majority of Eternals, bored and curious, vote telepathically to spare Zed's life, at least for three weeks. A cynical Eternal named Friend (John Alderton) takes on the task of babysitting Zed. Once they're alone, he attempts to use telepathy to force Zed to reveal where Arthur Frayn is. When Zed thwarts this attempt, Friend assures Zed that he and Arthur were close confidants and he knows more about whatever Arthur was planning than Zed thinks. Zed continues to play dumb as Friend employs his services to stack and organize priceless works of art in the Vortex's cultural archive and to cart Friend around on a wagon while he delivers bread to the needy. First they stop by a colony of outcasts called Renegades. These are Eternals who, through boredom, malice or discontent, repeatedly violated the rule of law and as a result were punished by being aged, gradually, into senility. They will spend eternity in feeble-minded old age. The next group they visit are the Apathetics. These Eternals stand around staring blankly in a catatonic, vegetative state, having lost the will to live but, like the Renegades and all other Eternals, unable to die. Friend tells Zed that this is the main reason Brutals are now forced to farm crops for Zardoz-- someone needs to feed these unproductive members of Eternal society. Death is an impossibility in the Vortex because anyone who kills himself is simply reincarnated by the Tabernacle. Zed witnesses the final statements in the trial of an Eternal named George Saden (Bosco Hogan), who pleads innocence at first but eventually reveals his bitter contempt for the law and his fellow Eternals. Friend votes to have George acquitted but he is outvoted by the rest of the Eternals, who sentence George to be aged five years. "Welcome to paradise," quips Friend. Zed is put on display again while Consuella gives a lecture on Brutals' sexual response. She shows Zed a series of pornographic images to see if he will get an erection. The movies do not stimulate him but just looking at Consuella does. This seems to embarrass her as well as arouse her slightly. Zed is placed in a cage among the rest of the animals in the Vortex. Consuella tests his reflexes and asks him why he likes to sleep. He says he likes it because he has dreams. The Eternals do not dream, having achieved "total consciousness." Now "second level meditation" takes the place of sleep. May then begins to analyze Zed, explaining that he is a second or third generation mutant, and therefore genetically stable. She is shocked to discover that from an evolutionary standpoint, Zed is actually superior to the Eternals in most ways. This confirms her suspicions that Arthur has been amusing himself in the Outlands by selectively breeding certain Brutals over the course of generations to create genetically advanced humans such as Zed. While this indicates that Zed is indeed more of a threat than even Consuella suspected, May hesitates to kill him. "For the sake of science," she will keep his secret as long as he follows her orders and doesn't draw attention to himself. At lunch, Zed's presence continues to disrupt the community. Another psychic vote is taken as to his fate and it is decided that May has a week to complete her scientific study of Zed. The Eternals propose to meditate upon the idea that "the monster is a mirror, and when we look at him, we look at our own hidden faces." Friend refuses to go to second level with the group, thus disrupting their tranquility. Resisting the group's mind control, he states that the Vortex is an obscenity and that he hates all women, birth and fertility. Friend is considered to be beyond redemption and sentenced to be exiled among the Renegades. While the Eternals are meditating, Zed runs out to the periphery shield of Vortex Four. He can see some Exterminators over the mountain and gets their attention. Zed then goes to the Renegade colony to find Friend. Friend, who has been artificially aged, tells the other Renegades that this creature from the outside world has the gift of death, and that they should kill Zed before May can use him to propagate another doomed generation of Eternals. The elders start to attack Zed, but he easily fends them off. Friend tells Zed that he craves death not just for himself and the Vortex but all human life on Earth. Zed scoffs at Friend's nihilistic attitude, concluding: "You stink of despair." Zed asks Friend where he can find the Tabernacle and how he can destroy it. Friend can't remember, having become senile. One of the Renegades advises Zed to seek May, whom he finds in a state of second level meditation, already knowing his intent. Zed says that he wants the truth and when May insists that he must give truth to get it, he allows May to read his mind. We see flashbacks of Zed hunting and killing Brutals, until one day he "loses his innocence." He follows a figure in a mask who leads him into a library and begins to teach Zed to read. Zed, whose intellect is more advanced than the Eternals, rapidly learns about the history of the world before its destruction. Eventually Zed reads a book called The Wonderful Wizard of Oz which reveals to him the fictitious basis of Zardoz, a deity invented by Frayn purely to control the Brutals. After learning that Zardoz did not exist, Zed resolved to hide aboard the stone head and make his way into the Vortex to find the truth. As Zed's memories conclude, May feels sexuality stirring within her, a result of her prolonged physical contact with Zed. They embrace, only to be interrupted by Consuella who accuses May of bestiality and suggests that May be aged fifty years. Consuella uses telepathy on Zed, blinding him, but he still manages to overpower her physically. Consuella declares that the entire community will now be contaminated with his animal instincts to hunt and kill. An Eternal named Avalow (Sally Anne Newton) restores his sight with her powers. She indicates that Zed is "the one.. the liberator." Avalow explains that as the world fell to ruin, the rich and powerful classes salvaged what art, culture and technology they could and erected an impenetrable shield around their oasis of civilization to protect it from the encroaching Dark Age. Unfortunately, they had to turn their backs callously on the rest of humanity, eventually coming to regard the people on the other side of the shield as a separate and inferior race of Brutals. Zed, she says, is the price they are paying, having brought hate and anger into the Vortex to infect them all. Suddenly, Zed is attacked by other Eternals. He escapes, runs out to the periphery shield of Vortex Four and starts signaling instructions to the band of Exterminators posted on the other side. While hiding from Consuella and her followers in the area where the Apathetics are consigned, Zed's life-force awakens them. The Exterminators storm the Vortex and all hell breaks loose. The Apathetics regain their emotions and libido and engage in sex and murder. The Renegades leave their colony and run amok, while the ordinarily law-abiding Eternals, led by Consuella, continue to hunt for Zed. Friend finds Zed and takes him to May. May asks Zed to inseminate them all (the only Eternals interested in surviving coincidentally all seem to be female) and they will teach him all they know, in the hope that he can use this knowledge to destroy the Tabernacle. They "touch teach" him through osmosis and he gifts them with his super-sperm. The phrase "The Law of the Unity of Opposites" is repeated several times. Different languages and music are transmitted. Finally he knows everything they know. Zed asks how the Vortex came about. Friend responds that it was designed by scientists, most of whom were middle-aged at the time of its creation and are now Renegades due to their inability to tolerate immortality. They used their power to erase any memory of the Tabernacle or how to destroy it so that the human race would evolve to perfection. They intended for their children to inherit this legacy. But by eliminating death, they arrested the natural cycles of change and renewal that allow progress, leading to their current stagnant and hopeless predicament. A voice calls Zed and he is beckoned through a series of mannequin figures to find the rebuilt Arthur Frayn dressed in a top hat. Frayn quotes T.S. Eliot and prompts Zed to fill in the poem-- it is "I am Lazarus, come from the dead. Come back to tell you all. I shall tell you all." He holds a mysterious clear glass ball that he tells Zed to examine. It becomes a faceted crystal. Consuella finds Zed, but when she tries to kill him, she realises that she's lost the urge. She says "In hunting you, I have become you." Zed quotes Nietzsche, "He who fights too long against dragons, becomes a dragon himself." Zed asks the Tabernacle where it is but it won't provide any answers, having been programmed to protect itself. Finally Zed realizes that it must be housed in the crystal he holds in his hand. The Tabernacle admits that Zed's solved the puzzle and allows him access to its inner dimensions, which look like a hall of mirrors. Zed sees holographic images of the Eternals whose minds all connect with the Tabernacle. Zed fires his gun at one of the reflections. The crystal bleeds and tells him that he has destroyed it / them, "we are gone." The Eternals begin to rampage through their cultural archive, destroying pieces of art in their frenzied pursuit of Zed. Zed now has a powerful aura which he uses to move some Eternals back through time to preserve the art they smashed. Friend asks Zed what is next. Zed says the oldest Renegade will know. The old man remembers the way it was. The Vortex is an offense against nature -- which is why nature made Zed. The old man dies. The stone head crashes to the ground. Death has returned to the Vortex. May and the rest of Zed's baby-mamas form a caravan and leave the Vortex to start over somewhere else. The Renegades die of old age. Arthur brags that he was the one who came up with the idea of breeding Zed, but Zed says he has looked into the force that put the idea in Arthur's mind: "We've all been used." The Exterminators roam the Vortex killing Eternals who beg to die. Zed runs away with Consuella to take shelter in the remains of the stone head. Beethoven's 7th symphony plays again as the Vortex falls. Consuella is pregant and gives birth. The child grows into a man and leaves his parents. Zed and Consuella grow old together and die.
tt0081777
Fantasy,Musical,Romance
Sonny Malone (Michael Beck) is a frustrated artist. He has tried to leave a job he hates--painting large display versions of record-album covers--but he shreds his efforts and throws them out the window. The pieces blow past a mural of nine dancing women. THE WOMEN GLOW INTO LIFE AND LEAP FROM THE PAINTING! They dance down the street and turn into streaks of neon light, with accompanying "whoosh" sounds. Sonny does not see this. He returns to his hated job. On the way there, he is kissed by one of the nine women (Olivia Newton-John). At work, his co-workers lovingly chide him. His tyrannical boss orders him to paint just what he is told and nothing more. He seems beat down, but his next assignment is an album cover ... with the kissing woman on it! He asks around--who is the kissing album-cover woman? A guy behind the desk says she's not on the payroll. The photographer can't explain how she got into the shoot for the album cover--of a hundred pictures, she's in only one. A guy on a porch hasn't seen her (but tries to set Sonny up with one of his daughters). Sonny goes to look for her at the scene of the kiss. He hears a clarinet played by an older gentleman who sits on a rock by the ocean. The older gent is Danny McGuire (Gene Kelly). One thing leads to another, Danny and Sonny become friends and decide to open a club together, and Sonny meets the kissing album-cover girl, who is named Kira. Sonny and Kira fall in love, but Kira reveals to him that she's a supernatural being, a muse. She's not supposed to fall in love with mortals. Rather, her purpose in the universe is to inspire people--men, it seems--to achieve a dream; then she moves on. So, sadly, she must leave. Sonny is glum, but Danny tells him not to accept this situation. Sonny finds the wall upon which Kira was, and is, a painting. He looks at the wall, then roller-skates quickly toward it and jumps into it! He crosses over into an unspecified but disco-y dimension and finds Kira. After politely protesting with Zeus about Kira's being separated from him, he is banished back to our mortal realm. In a big closing number with dancers galore, the club opens and Danny brings Sonny and Kira together.
tt0080516
Horror
John Russell (George C. Scott), a composer living in New York City, moves cross-country to Washington state following the deaths of his wife and daughter in a traffic accident while on a winter vacation in upstate New York. In suburban Seattle, John rents a large, old and eerie Victorian-era mansion and begins piecing his life back together. However, John soon discovers that he has unexpected and unwelcome company in his new home: the unhappy ghost of a murdered young boy. The ghost makes its presence felt by various phenomena such as shattering windows, abruptly opening and shutting doors, and manifesting itself dramatically during a seance. John investigates the identity of the dead child and finds that the mystery is linked to a powerful local family, the heir of which is a wealthy United States senator, Joseph Carmichael (Melvyn Douglas). John subsequently discovers that the real Joseph Carmichael was murdered by his father, Richard. Joseph was a crippled, sickly child, and in the event of his death before his 21st birthday, the family fortune (which he inherited from his late maternal grandfather) would pass to charity. Desperate to keep control of the fortune, Joseph's father drowned young Joseph in the bathtub, secretly replaced him with a healthy orphan, and took him to Europe in the guise of seeking a treatment or cure. He returned several years later with the impostor, now grown and "cured" of his illness, and continued as if nothing had happened. Now, the ghost of the real Joseph haunts the house, making great efforts to persuade John to investigate his murder, and give him some form of justice. John's investigation leads him to a property that was once owned by the Carmichael family, and after convincing Mrs. Gray (the owner of the property and whose daughter has seen Joseph's ghost), John discovers the skeletal remains of Joseph in a well, as well as his birth medal. After refusing to hand the medal over to the police, John attempts to speak to Senator Carmichael as he is about to depart by plane but is restrained by police. It is then revealed that the Senator has an identical medal to the one John found. The Senator then sends a policeman, Captain Dewitt (John Colicos), to John's home in an attempt to retrieve the medal, John refuses and when Dewitt leaves to obtain a search warrant, his vehicle "mysteriously" crashes, killing him. After hearing of Dewitt's death, the Senator finally agrees to listen to John's story and meets with him. John reveals the entire story to the Senator, that his father murdered his natural son and replaced him with a changeling, which is the Senator. The Senator refuses to believe the story and angrily berates John for accusing his father, whom he claims was a "loving man", of murder. John then leaves the Senator Joseph's medal, files and the only copy of the seance recording and apologizes. The Senator threatens John that there will be consequences if he has told anyone else of his story. Meanwhile, John's realtor and friend, Claire (Trish Van Devere), goes to the house alone in an attempt to find John and is chased by Joseph's wheelchair until she falls down the stairs. Meanwhile the house begins to shake and rumble. John arrives, and escorts Claire outside, and then goes back inside to try and stop the ghost of Joseph. A strong wind causes John to fall from the second story, but he survives. Joseph then lights the house on fire. Back at the Senator's home, he is observing the two birth medallions, and throws Joseph's away while placing his own on a portrait of his father. Suddenly, the picture and the desk start shaking violently and an illusion of the Senator is transported to the house and begins to climb the stairs which then crumble. John sees the Senator's illusion walking up the main staircase, and narrowly escapes being crushed by a chandelier. Meanwhile, the Senator's illusion then climbs the stairs to Joseph's attic room where he witnesses how his father murdered the real Joseph by drowning him. Back at the mansion, the Senator himself suffers a heart attack and dies as Joseph's attic room explodes. John and Claire arrive and see the Senator's body being hoisted away. The ambulance then passes the Carmichael mansion which is now completely engulfed in flames. The next morning, at the ruins of the mansion, Joseph's burnt wheelchair is seen sitting upright and his music box then opens and begins playing a lullaby, possibly signifying that the justice he wanted has finally been served.
tt0073631
Action,Sci-Fi,Sport
It is the year 2018. There are no wars, poverty, or violence on the entire planet Earth. People get their frustrations out by watching and attending Rollerball games. The Houston team plays against Madrid and wins, with their star player Jonathan E doing most of the scoring. It's an extremely violent game, but the players thoroughly enjoy it. After the game, the men shower and the corporate executives, led by the pompous Mr. Bartholomew are congratulated. Jonathan E is requested by Bartholomew to come visit him the next day Houston, Texas in the future resembles a prosperous western European city from the late 20th century. Jonathan comes to visit Barthlomew and is informed he needs to retire, per Energy Corporation executives, but Jonathan resists Jonathan comes home by helicopter just outside of Houston in the piney woods of East Texas to a young lady provided to him by the corporation and his friend/trainer Clete. The lady leaves for Indianapolis on a whim. Jonathan is training the Rollerball team players, plus some newbies introduced. Jonathan and Moonpie visit a library hub in downtown Houston, because he's wanting to get information about the Energy Corporation. A library clerk reveals she cannot issue the books he's wanting because they are classified. Jonathan is back on his ranch and meets another young lady Daphne, also issued to him by the corporation. The Rollerball team is informed of the changes of the rules to the game of no penalties. Despite their objections, they are all reminded they are bound to a contract. All this is mainly due to the fact Jonathan refuses to quit. Jonathan is in a television studio being interviewed by a computer over the upcoming Rollerball game and his history of playing it. He is supposed to be following a script and the show is about his announced retirement. It is revealed that Bartholomew has been behind this interview The Rollerball team is exercising in a fitness room with a coach from the Tokyo team there to warn them about the karate and hapkido techniques they use, but the players shrug him off and declare their team as number one. Jonathan and Daphne attend a lavish cocktail party at a mansion in the piney woods of East Texas. No longer an area of hick towns and backwoodsmen, but a prosperous area catered to the wealthy. The guests are beautifully dressed and slightly drunk and strung out on aphrodisiac pills. Some guests overheard that the players are actually robots. Jonathan is warned once again by Bartholomew to quit and he still resists. Some of the party guests are outside shooting pine trees with a laser gun for fun. Jonathan is back at his ranch packed and ready to go. He wants Daphne to come along, but the Energy Corporation wants her back and she tells him he won't be back. Jonathan threatens her with his spiked glove that she better leave and not come back The players are now in Tokyo. The Tokyo team is beating all of them half to death. Moonpie takes a blow to the head by a spiked glove by one of the team members and is in a coma. A Japanese doctor tries to persuade Jonathan to sign for Moonpie to be removed from life support, but Jonathan refuses Bartholomew is on a televised video conference with various executives from the Energy Corporation about having Jonathan E removed from the game and for Rollerball to go back to its intended meaning and effort. All the men concur Jonathan is now in Geneva, Switzerland at the worlds largest computer bank to get information about the corporate wars and the decisions made by corporate executives. The computer malfunctions and fails to give him any straight answers. Jonathan's ex-wife Ella, whom the corporation removed from him, comes to visit him at his ranch. Ella tries to reassure Jonathan that the corporation took her away for a good reason and it was all over the game. She also tries to convince him to quit and that he'll die if he doesn't, with the new set of rules. Jonathan erases all video footage of he and Ella together and Ella leaves. The Rollerball team is now playing New York City. No substitutions, penalties, or time limits. Half the players end up knocked out or dead and Jonathan scores. The crowd chants his name and Mr. Bartholomew is furious. Jonathan skates endlessly, then the frame freezes and the credits roll.
tt0088680
Comedy,Crime,Drama
New York City. Paul Hackett (Griffin Dunn) is a lonely and bored computer word-processing consultant who wants more in his life than just going to work and going home every boring day of his life. One day involves teaching a new trainee, named Lloyd (Bronson Pinchot), the works of the computer. Paul leaves the office building when it closes at the end of the day and goes to his Upper East Side apartment on East 91st Street where he wastes the evening away watching TV and reading Arthur Miller books. Venturing out in search of carnal pleasures, Paul meets the sexy-but-quirky Marcy (Rosanna Arquette) in a coffee shop near his apartment building and begins chatting up a conversation with her. Paul asks for Marcy's phone number before she leaves and she tells him that he can call her anytime. Back at his apartment, Paul works up enough nerve to phone Marcy. She invites him to come down to SoHo where she is staying with Kiki, and artist friend of hers. The time is 11:32 p.m. Paul jumps into a taxi cab outside his apartment... and then the weirdness begins. The burly cab driver whisks Paul through the streets of New York at 80 mph as if being chased by the hounds of hell. During the wild ride, Paul loses a $20 bill, the only money he has on him when its whisked out the car window, and he is forced to stiff the driver. Paul finds the loft and meets Kiki (Linda Fiorentino) for the first time, who's wearing nothing but a black bra and leather miniskirt, working on a paper-maché sculpture that resembles painter Edvard Munch's 'The Scream'. Kiki forces Paul to help her work on the sculpture in which he stains his suit jacket and Kiki gives him another one to wear. Eventually, Marcy shows up and they go out to a nearby diner where they talk about their favorite movie which is The Wizard of Oz, among other things. When offered to pay the bill, the strange diner waiter (Dick Miller) tells Paul that it's on the house. ("Different rules apply when it gets this late, you know what I mean? It's like... after hours.") At 1:40 a.m., Marcy and Paul return to the loft, where she ushers Paul to her bedroom. Marcy prattles on about events in her tragic life, delivering her lines with a staccato rhythm punctuated by a nervous laugh. Marcy turns out to be a hyperactive mass of contradictions, and Paul decides that swaying her emotions are a bit too weird to handle. After smoking a joint of Marcy's which she claims it's from Columbia, Paul, for some reason, begins begins acting like a jerk and leaves. When he on the street, it begins raining, and he gets soaked walking a block to the nearest subway station. He picks out about 97 cents in change, all the money he has on him. But the attendant tells Paul that the subway fare for a token has just gone up to $1.50 that very midnight, and the time is now 2:15 am. Paul begs the attendant to give him a single token, but the attendant refuses saying, "I can't do that. Id loose my job." Paul looks around the station, sees no one and sarcastically states, "Well, who would know... exactly?" The attendant responds, "I could go to a party, get drunk, talk to someone... who knows?" When Paul threatens the attendant, a burly transit cop appears and scares Paul away. Paul runs through the rain and into a nearby bar, which is nearly empty, save for a bartender, a middle-aged waitress, and a teenage dancing couple. Paul sits at a table and asks the waitress Julie (Terri Garr) if he could just sit there for a while without buying anything. She agrees. After Paul uses the men's room, he returns to his table and finds a note sliped by the waitress which reads: "Help me! I hate this job!" Sensing that the weirdness is starting again, Paul asks the friendly bartender Tom (John Heard) if he can borrow money for a subway fare to get home. Tom is glad to help. But Tom cannot open the cash register. Tom asks Paul to go to his apartment a few blocks away to get the cash register keys as well as to check if the alarm is turned on because there have been a rash of burglaries in the neighborhood over the past several days. As a sign of trust, Paul leaves his apartment keys with Tom and rushes off with Tom's apartment keys to earn his $1.50. Paul lets himself into Tom's apartment, checks the alarm which is on. After using the toilet, it overflows, and Paul leaves. But on his way out, Paul gets hassled by two neighbors, a gay couple, who suspect that Paul is a burglar. Paul manages to get away from them. On the street, Paul spots two Hispanic men (Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong) trying to stuff Kiki's paper-maché sculpture into a van. Paul gives them chase, forcing them to drop the statue and drive off. Paul brings the statue back to Kiki's loft nearby and finds her gagged and tied to a pillar. He unties Kiki thinking that they robbed her, but she tells them that the men are Pepe and Neil, friends of hers who just bought the stature and that she's tied up because she and her boyfriend Horst (Will Patton) are playing a sex game. Kiki and Horst tell Paul that he should apologize to Marcy who has been in her bedroom crying since Paul left. Paul goes to Marcy's bedroom to apologize only to discover that Marcy has committed suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills. He runs to tell Kiki, but she and Horst have gone, leaving a note saying that they have gone to a nightclub. Paul sees a $20 bill left behind by them and instinctively takes it. Paul calls the police to report the body, and then dashes back to the bar so he can get his apartment keys back from Tom, but finds the place closed. Julie the waitress approaches him and invites him to her apartment just across the street to wait for Tom to show up. Julies apartment looks like a shrine to the mid-1960s replete with the music of the Monkees playing in the background. Paul soon discovers Julie to be even stranger than Marcy, for Julie has a shelf full with cans of Final Net hair spray and a dozen or more mousetraps around her bed. Julie asks Paul to let her draw a picture of him which he agrees. When Paul sees Tom coming back to reopen the bar, he makes a mad dash out of Julie's apartment and back to the bar. Tom tells Paul that he just left to check his apartment because it took so long for Paul to come back. Paul apologizes and gives Tom back his apartment keys. Just as Tom is about to hand over the $1.50, the phone rings and someone on the other line informs Tom that his girlfriend has just committed suicide. To his horror, Paul immediately learns that Marcy was Tom's girlfriend. Suddenly seized with the notion that Julie may follow in Marcy's suicidal footsteps, Paul leaves the bar and races back to Julie's apartment. She is fine, of course, and Paul, who desperately wants to get out of SoHo, makes a feeble excuse and leaves again. But when Paul retuns to the bar to get his apartment keys back from Tom, he finds the place closed again. Paul goes over to Tom's apartment, but he is not there either. Then the gay couple and another of Tom's neighbors see him and chase him away again. By this time, however, Tom's neighbors have become convinced that Paul is responsible for the rash of burglaries in SoHo and form together a vigilante group to hunt him down. But the real robbers are naturally Pepe and Neil, who are busy just blocks away ripping off another apartment right under everyone's nose. After going back to Kiki and Marcy's loft, Paul finds Marcy's dead body gone and yellow crime-scene tape over the entrance to the front door as the police apparently came and left with Marcy's body. Paul sees the small vigilante mob on the street armed with flashlights, baseball bats, and crowbars, and he knows they are looking for him. Paul waits until they pass by and leaves. Paul runs to Club Berlin, the nightclub where Kiki and Horst have gone, to inform them about Marcy's death. But after having trouble getting past the burly bouncer outside the club, Paul discovers that the place is a gathering of Mohawk-type punks who grab him and proceed to shave his head. Paul sees Kiki and Horst at a table and calls out to them, but they don't see or hear him through the loud music and crowd. Paul runs out of the club barely able to compose himself with only a line or two of his hair shaved off. Back on the street, Paul suddenly meets the same cab driver whom he was forced to stiff earlier for the ride. Paul gives the driver the $20 bill he took from Kiki's loft, but the driver just grabs the bill and drives off as payback for stiffing him. Paul by then has just run into another strange woman, coming out of the cab, named Gail (Catherine O'Hara) whom she feels sorry for and takes him back to her apartment. At Gail's apartment, Paul asks if he could use her phone so he can call a friend from his neighborhood for a ride. When Paul gets the number from information, Gail gleefully starts spouting out random numbers and Paul gets confused and forgets the number information has just given him. When Gail begins treating Paul's superficial wounds, she reads a newspaper article about a derelect found "beaten to death" the night before by an unknown mob as if she's facinated with the news. With mounting anger and frustration, Paul demands to the strange and hysterical Gail to leave him alone. Gail then blurts out that she drives a Mister Softee ice-cream truck nearby and will be glad to give him a ride home. But when they arrive at the truck parked in an alley, Gail spots a wanted poster of Paul (the same picture drawn by Julie) on a wall and uses a whistle to alert the vigilante mob which is numbering in the dozens. Paul is forced to run for his life. He gets away from the mob by running into an alley and hides atop a fire escape ladder. Then Paul witnesses a murder in the apartment just across from him where a woman shoots her abusive husband to death. "I'll probably get blamed for that too," says Paul mumbling to himself. Back on the street, Paul runs into a shy homosexual man, named Alex, (Robert Plunket) and allows himself to be "picked-up" to let himself into the man's apartment. Paul asks to use Alex's phone to call the police and then tries to tell the desk sergeant about wanting to report the vigilante mob that's been endangering his life. Unbelievably, the police officer on the other end of the line thinks that it's a prank call and hangs up on him. Frazzled, exhausted, and running on adrenaline, Paul launches into a frenzied monologe about the events of the night to Alex. Dissolve to 30 or more minutes later, Paul ends his story with the line: "I just wanted to leave my apartment, maybe meet a nice girl, and now I gotta die for it?!" Then Paul sees Julie on the street putting up wanted posters of him on a lamp post. Paul runs back out onto the street and calls out to her, but she just scornfully glances at him and rides off on a bicycle. Paul sees dozens of wanted posters of him on every street corner and begins tearing them off realizing that the insane Julie has set him up to get back at him for walking out on her. At 4:10 a.m., Paul goes back to the diner where he sees Tom sitting at a table. Tom tells Paul that he just got back from the local morgue where he was forced to identify Marcy's body. Paul demands that Tom give him back his apartment keys, but Tom says that he left them back at the bar. Frantic, Paul asks Tom to hide him for there is a vigilante mob looking for him. Tom goes outside to check if the coast is clear, but Paul sees Tom running right to up Gail and the vigilante mob passing by and he tells them where Paul is. Angered at Tom's betrayal, Paul runs out of the diner just in time. As a last resort, Paul dashes back to Club Berlin hoping to find Kiki and Horst there to ask them for help, but now finds the place deserted for it is closing since the time now is almost 5 a.m. The only patron there is a middle-aged woman, named June (Verna Bloom). Paul takes the quiet time to smoke a cigarette and use the last quarter he has on him to play a song on the nightclub's jukebox. June is very sympathetic to Paul and she senses right away that he's in trouble. Paul ask June if he's like to dance with her and have a casual slow dance. When Paul hears the sounds of Gail's ice-cream truck outside and the voices of the vigilante mob (now numbering in the hundreds) Paul asks June to hide him. June lives in a basement apartment below the club and she takes Paul to her home. When Gail and the vigilante mob break into Club Berlin looking for Paul, June, who also happens to be a paper-maché sculptress, hides Paul by dumping plaster all over him and making him a living sculpture just as the mob breaks into her apartment to look for their intended victim. Unable to find Paul, Gail and her group departs. Paul then begs June to stop encasing him in paper-maché, but she continues until he is covered from head-to-toe. When June leaves to see if the coast is all clear, the two robbers, Pepe and Neil, break into June's place from a sealed manhole to rob it. When they see the sculpture with Paul encased in it, they think he is the paper-mache sculpture they lost earlier that night and steal him. They load Paul in the back of their van now spilling over with dozens of stolen appliances from the SoHo apartments including Junes (Paul realizes that under these circumstances, he will probably get blamed for robbing June's place too). As dawn breaks, Paul sits helplessly in the back of the thieves van as it rides through Manhattan on its way uptown. At a street corner, the van hits a rather large pothole, the back doors fling open, Paul comes tumbling out into the street, and the hardened paper-maché casing breaks, freeing him. Paul then looks around and sees that he's standing..... right in front of his office building! A dazed Paul dusts himself off the best he can, and enters the building just as it's opening for business. In the final shot, Paul goes to the floor where he works, sits at his desk, and goes to work at his computer while the rest of the office workers arrive as the closing credits role. It's the beginning of just another boring weekday for him.
tt0072730
Comedy,Drama,Sci-Fi
Opening: World War IV lasted five days. In the post-apocalyptic world of 2024, rover Vic (Don Johnson) hears a voice from his dog and communicates with him telepathically. The dog is called Blood (voiced by Tim McIntire). Vic is an 18-year-old boy who was born in and scavenging throughout the wasteland of the former southwestern United States. Vic is most concerned with food and sex; having lost both of his parents. He has no formal education and does not understand ethics or morality. He is accompanied by a well-read, misanthropic, telepathic dog named Blood who helps him locate women in return for food. The two steal for a living, evading bands of marauders, berserk androids, and mutants. Blood and Vic have an occasionally antagonistic relationship (Blood frequently annoys Vic by calling him "Albert" for reasons never made clear), though they realize they need each other. As they travel, Blood recounts history and quizzes Vic on various topics in history including the four world wars, from World War I (1914-1918), World War II (1939-1945), World War III (1950-1983), which were a series of wars, also called the Cold War, between the free and un-free world (Korea, Vietnam, Indochina, Congo were among them), to World War IV, also called the Five-Day War, or the Nuclear War of 2007. The setting is what was once the ruins in and around Phoenix, Arizona. The area is a desert wasteland, populated by marauders and rovers who battle for food found in the tops of buildings that was once "civilization" where the desert sands have consumed most of the buildings. There are rumors that what civilization exists now is below ground for the past several years since the nuclear war. The people of these underground civilizations are called "downunders". Neither Vic nor Blood want to venture below to live. Blood finds women for Vic to rape, and Vic supplies Blood with food since he cannot hunt on his own. We learn Blood is a former police dog, and wants to find the "promised land" where farming is possible and several above-ground utopias are said to exist. Vic believes that they must make the best of what they have. Blood sniffs out a woman, but rovers have reached her first and have killed her after gang raping her. Vic begins to argue with Blood about his inability to find women. Blood wants to go "over the hill" to paradise. Vic promises that they'll go once Blood finds him another woman for Vic to have sex with. Some time later, Vic and Blood view a small group of scavengers, led by a brutal gang leader, a self-proclaimed "king" named Fellini (Ron Feinberg), who orders his group to dig up a stash of crates containing canned food. Temped by the food, Vic runs forward when Fellini and his men are all in the hole digging and steals some of the bags of canned food, shooting a few of Fellini's men who chase after him. However, Fellini orders his men to let Vic go, impressed by the young man's courage and ability. As Vic and Blood run away, they are watched from a distance by a small group of mysterious men (unseen from the waist up), where one of whom comments that he just might do. They decide to "put out the cheese" to trap Vic. That evening, Vic and Blood go to an outdoor makeshift movie theater in a shantytown camp to watch some vintage stag films, and Blood smells a female. She is in attendance at the stag film, but in disguise as a male solo. Vic follows the girl to an underground building which is an abandoned YMCA, and he watches her change out of her clothing into a woman's dress. He attacks her and orders her to undress so he can rape her. While she undresses for him, she tells him her name is Quilla June Holmes (Susanne Benton). Blood interrupts them to advise of marauders nearby. Quilla realizes Blood can talk to Vic telepathically. She attempts to communicate with the dog, but Blood just barks at her. Meanwhile, Vic ambushes the marauders and Blood joins in, killing some of them. Vic imitates the "screamers" (radiation victims) and Blood battles another dog. Vic is about to be shot from behind, and Quilla saves him. The rest of the marauders run off, but Blood is hurt. Then, the real screamers show up, forcing Vic and Quilla to hide and wait in a storage tank. Vic and Quilla make love repeatedly. Later when morning arrives, Blood goes off to see if the screamers have left, and Quilla tries to convince Vic to go "down under". Blood wants Vic to leave her, and they argue. When Vic goes back to see Quilla, she knocks him out and flees. Vic decides to track her down, but Blood thinks (rightly) that it's a trap. After following Quilla's footprints through the desert, Vic and Blood come across a small steel obstacle standing in the middle of the desert which leads "down under". Using a key card that Quilla left behind, Vic uses it to open the steel door to the underground. Vic goes down under, leaving Blood alone and injured. Vic climbs down several long ladders through what appears to be an abandoned missile silo, past mysterious machinery, then opens a metal door to find an underground cemetery. He is captured and washed by a clown-faced man dressed in farmer's garb called Michael (Hal Baylor) with several strangers looking on in what appears to be a firehouse. After given clean farmer clothes, Vic is dragged by Michael through a local park, walking past picnickers, giggling young girls, a marching band playing 'Stars and Stripes Forever', and a singing barbershop quartet... all wearing semi-hideous, white clown-face makeup. The bizarre underground community apparently wears white clown-faces to distinguish themselves from above-grounders that dare to trespass in their community. Loudspeakers are everywhere, constantly blaring announcements, pontificate morals for daily living, and down home cooking recipes. What we get is a glimpse of is a surreal, re-creation of life in the rural Midwest during the early 20th century with a populace of robotic conformists. Vic stops to talk to a dog similar to Blood. We do not hear the short telepathic conversation between Vic and the other dog, but the dog apparently says something to Vic which makes his happy facial demeanor turn worried and sour. Just then, Michael forcibly takes Vic and the other dog away. In a church/town hall building, residents may attend the weekly "awards and punishments" at their own discretion. This down-under community is led by ruthless triumvirate-type of government whom include Lou Craddock (Jason Robards) who reviews blueprints for buildings to be built and harshly passes judgments on transgressors, assisted by his secretary Mez Smith (Helene Winston) and his business partner Doctor Moore (Alvy Moore), the clownish-looking, but cold-hearted rulers of this underground town. Severe judgment (death) is called "farming out" or "going to 3". We learn the underground town is called Topeka. Quilla arrives, and she asks to be put on the committee having served her purpose of luring Vic to their underground community. Lou (revealed to be Quilla's stepfather) refuses by claiming that she is too young to rule and arranges for her to get married instead. Quilla leaves and vents her anger to her boyfriend Gary (Michael Rupert) and makes plans to overthrow the ruthless committee, but in the meantime be a good girl and play it safe. At the same time, the dog is brought into the church where he is interrogated by Lou asking if he told Vic anything. But when the dog does not respond, Lou angrily orders the dog to be sent to the farm. Vic is brought before Lou, and Doctor Moore reads his medical statistics. Lou tells the unruly Vic that he and the Topeka Committee have been watching him on the surface for days now, and that Vic has been chosen to help re-populate Topeka, as its male residents are sterile and/or impotent due to their ridiculously wholesome, clean, and subterranean living. Vic laughs hysterically, thinking he'll get to sleep with dozens of women. The sinister Topeka Committee laughs back... where Mez hysterically indicating to Vic that sleeping with dozens of women is not what they have in mind. In the next scene, a couple is married in a hospital room, and Vic is in attendance (strapped to a gurney) to provide semen. Quilla arrives and rescues him, subduing the doctors. She tells him he is only going to be allowed to impregnate 35 girls, then will be put to death. They rush out of the hospital with the help of Gary, and find Vic's guns in the church, then Vic starts to leave. Quilla tries to stop him to help her overthrow the dictatorship of Topeka, but Vic has no interest in politics and wants to return to the surface to his dog Blood. The Committee convenes at the town square and begins broadcasting the sentence on Quilla and her friends - the farm. Gary and all of his rebel friends are attacked and killed by Michael. Vic fires at Michael, but the bullets have no effect. One of Vic's gunshots disables "Michael", who is a robot. Vic and Quilla flee while the committee remains indifferent and begins planning for its next "donor". Lou also orders that another Michael security robot be exhumed from the storage warehouse, with his clownish smile wiped off. Vic and Quilla return to the surface where it is now night. Relieved that the Topeka citizens are not chasing after them, they look around and they find Blood nearby, who is dying. But conditions on the surface have become worse with after Blood tells Vic that Fellini and his gang have taken over for the most part. Blood hasn't eaten for days and will die soon unless Vic provides him with food. Quilla tells Vic that it's too late to save Blood and that Vic should come away with her far away if he really loves her. Vic must choose... he looks at Blood, then looks back at Quilla... In the final shot, Vic and Blood are putting out a campfire near the steel dome. Having eaten, Blood feels better and he and Vic walk away from their campfire into the sunrise of dawn. Quilla is nowhere to be seen, but pieces of her wedding gown are seen strewn around the dying campfire. Vic and Blood talk about how Vic was touched by the fact that Quilla June picked him to be with instead of the dictatorship committee of Topeka. Blood remarks, "She had marvelous judgment... if not a particularly good taste (!)" The boy and his dog laugh at the pun and they both walk away "over the hill" toward paradise.
tt2326612
Crime,Drama,Mystery
(NOTE: The story is told in a non-linear fashion. Many scenes in the movie are flashbacks, which are likewise not in chronological order.) The camera pans along snow-covered landscape and into the home of Mika (Kevin Durand), who stands near his window while Japanese Kabuki opera plays on a wall-mounted TV screen. As Mika walks downstairs, we can see his home is an expensive luxury house in a secluded area, but with a lot of state-of-the-art security and technology. He looks into the monitor of a desktop computer, which appears to show the view of several security cameras. He slides aside a wall panel to reveal a hidden door locked by a numerical code. Mika enters the code on a keypad and opens the door, revealing a room where a teenage girl (Alexia Fast) sits, playing a piano and singing. She looks up at Mika apprehensively, and he says he'll think about a request she's made of him: "Maybe; just this once." A woman named Tina (Mireille Enos) enters a diner, sitting at a table opposite an unseen woman. Tina didn't show at a planned meeting, which the unseen woman asks if it's because of "her 13th birthday." Tina is living alone in a house and hating it. She misses two people in her life: Matthew and Cassandra, and she misses living. A bearded man watches a younger man skate at a rink. The skater notices the bearded man, and they both nod in greeting. The bearded man is Matthew (Ryan Reynolds), and he drives down a road, picking up a hitchhiker named Paige. As Matthew continues driving, Paige turns her head and notices a photo of a boy and girl posing together in skating outfits, hanging from his dashboard. The boy in the photo looks a lot like a younger version of the young man Matthew recognized at the skating rink. Matthew drives Paige to her house in town, and watches as she closes the door behind her. Just then he gets a phone call from Tina, asking if he's coming to a meeting with another woman, who's asked to meet both of them. Matthew cites the heavy snowfall as to why he can't make it. Tina tells him he always has excuses. Tina mentions she's noticed a brush like the one her mother gave Cassandra, "in one of the rooms;" Tina works as a chambermaid in a hotel. As she sits, puzzling over the brush, Mika is seen watching her on his computer monitor. Mika is at work talking with his boss, Vince Grey, a real estate developer. Mika watches Grey give a sales pitch to a man standing near a wall display advertising a new development, and listens with interest as he finds the man is a police detective, Jeff Cornwall (Scott Speedman). Cornwall asks Grey about his wife, who was the last person seen with another detective named Nicole Dunlop (Rosario Dawson), who has gone missing. Grey says he'll ask his wife to return Cornwall's calls and speak to him on the matter. He also gives Cornwall two placards advertising a charity ball that recently took place; the placards have a large inset photo of Dunlop in dress uniform. She was keynote speaker at the charity ball. Dunlop is shown to be the woman speaking to Tina at the diner. Dunlop asks if there's any hope of Tina getting back together with Matthew. Tina says he calls and they talk, a lot, but he never comes to see her in person. Tina believes Matthew is guilty of doing something bad, and she wants him to feel that way. We see Dunlop interviewing Cornwall for a position in her unit with the Niagara Falls PD. Dunlop's unit deals with stopping child predators and pedophiles. She shows him a video seized from an online child porn site to judge his reaction, telling him their job is never to look away from victimized children. Dunlop introduces Cornwall to the rest of the unit. Matthew and Tina are watching Cassandra and the boy from the photo, Albert, skate together. Cassandra asks Albert to 'pinky promise' he'll never skate with anyone else. While Tina goes to work, Matthew drives Cassandra to a roadside restaurant, and she lies down across the back seat while he places a dinner order to go for the both of them. The camera pans in on the door, and then Matthew is seen returning to his vehicle-- and his daughter is missing. Matthew's voice becomes more frantic as he runs all about the area, calling her name. The teenage girl is shown to be Cassandra at her current age; she's Mika's captive, and has been since she disappeared; now eight years ago. Mika is offering her a chance for a few moments' conversation with her father. Cassandra notes Mika doesn't like the idea, and reminds him that he's never told her his name, and she has no idea where the house containing her prison, is. Cassandra has not attempted to escape or contact her parents (she is also able to watch Tina at work in the hotel, on her own computer) because Mika has threatened to kill both Matthew and Tina. Cassandra wonders if it wouldn't be easier for Mika to kill her, now that she's reached young adulthood and Mika is interested in young kids. Mika tells her only that she's still very valuable to him, 'doing exactly what she's doing.' Dunlop and Cornwall are interviewing Matt three hours after Cassandra's disappearance. He's disgusted and astounded at how closely they pay attention to his first saying her still-current age (nine years) and then shortly after, her soon-to-be-age (ten years) and whether the name of the diner's hostess was Linda or Lesley. Tina is cleaning a bathtub while at work, and sees a skating trophy in the room; one looking a lot like one that Cassandra and Albert won together as kids. As Tina stares tearfully at the trophy, Cassandra speaks into a microphone about when she won it. Mika, listening in, commends her on the performance, but asks her to repeat it 'with less self-pity.' Tina is brought to the station. She becomes hysterical as Matthew tries to talk to her about Cassandra's disappearance. She hits him several times, and doesn't resist as he grabs on to her and holds her. Dunlop takes Tina into a room to speak to her alone. As Dunlop speaks to Tina, Cornwall baits Matthew about an assault charge tied to a barroom brawl over Tina when Matthew was 18 years old and Cassandra was a baby. Because of this, he quit school, started working, and now, nine years after that, his landscaping business is about to fail and he's on the verge of bankruptcy. Cornwall also questions why Cassandra would be resting in the back of the cab when Matthew was buying her favorite dessert pie for her with dinner. Cornwall finally drops a rude and crude bomb about the possibility of Matthew "loaning" Cassandra to a demented pedophile for a few days in return for a lot of money. Outraged, Matthew tries to hit Cornwall, but the detective shoves him to the ground. As Matt leaves, Dunlop admonishes Cornwall over his behavior. We see Dunlop meeting Tina in the diner again; Dunlop telling Tina that she doesn't excuse the way Cornwall acted toward Matthew, but trying to explain it from Cornwall's point of view. Tina still hates it, defending Matthew's love of Cassandra. She leaves the diner, very upset. Mika again watches Tina at work. As she changes bedsheets, she finds a ring box on the bed, which contains a baby tooth. Tina breaks down and cries as she suspects it's one of Cassandra's baby teeth. Meanwhile, Cassandra makes a recording about it. As she speaks into the microphone, she finds a way to slip something into the narrative; part of a word play between she and her father the day she disappeared. She smiles to herself. Tina meets with Dunlop in her office. Dunlop asks Tina about her relationship with Matthew. Tina says she can hardly look at him without seeing their daughter and saying terrible things; he didn't show up for this meeting because he was sure Tina would scream at him in anger; something Tina admits she would probably have done. It's clear by this point that Matthew is still suspected of at least negligence in Cassandra's disappearance, and even Tina holds him responsible; thus their estrangement and separation. Dunlop takes Tina to a back room where Cornwall sits at a computer. Dunlop and Cornwall tell Tina about some of the work Cornwall does, posing as a pedophile to study footage of internet chat networks where child molesters trade in images and live video feeds of children being abused, in hopes of tracking down the perpetrators. Cornwall believes he may have seen some images of Cassandra among the feeds. The pictures look very recent, showing what Cassandra is believed to look like in the present, which Tina understands, with great relief and delight, means her daughter is most likely still alive. Tina studies the images and says that she believes the photos look like Cassandra. She calls Matthew and tells him about it. She says that Dunlop and Cornwall told her that in the images, Cassandra appears to be speaking to another girl, younger than Cassandra would be in the present. Tina puzzles over something else Dunlop and Cornwall told her: that Cassandra is like a welcoming face on a gateway... to a ring. Tina's voice goes quiet as she figures out what they meant: Cassandra is being used to lure other, younger children to the attentions of Mika and other child molesters. This enrages Tina and she again cuts into Matthew with her belief that he is responsible for 'losing' their daughter. Cassandra is reading aloud a poem, which Mika tells her is from an opera composed by Mozart. Cassandra asks how it's supposed to help bring in other kids, and he says it isn't; it's part of 'story time.' Disturbed, Cassandra turns to her piano and tries to comfort herself by playing and singing. Tina, at work, finds another memento of Cassandra in one of the rooms under her charge: a play teacup and saucer. It's clear by now that both Mika and Cassandra are able to watch her regularly on their computer monitors via some kind of camera feed, and that Mika has been leaving these items to torment her. Dunlop's team are photoshopping an image of her during her adolescence, to optimize her attractiveness. They catch the attention of Willy (Ian Matthews), a pedophile to whom Cornwall has been talking via internet chat, posing as a girl. Willy bites at the bait; he asks "Nikki" if they can meet. Dunlop sits at a coffee shop, her hair and the hood of a bubble-gum pink sweatshirt obscuring her face. Willy walks in and initiates contact. As soon as Dunlop looks up at him, he can see she's much older than the photos indicated, and he tries to make a break for it, but Dunlop's men are waiting and they swiftly arrest him. Dunlop and her team come to a good deal of acclaim and prestige for their work in the Niagara area, and she's interviewed by the local TV press. Dunlop and Cornwall are seen watching this on the TV news station, and it's seen they've entered a romantic relationship. Mika also sees the news report, and goes to see Willy in prison. He insists that only the first ring has been cracked, and the 'hub' he operates is safe. He tells Willy to deny all accusations and refuse any deals offered him. Willy insists he will only do this if Dunlop is punished for setting him up. Mika says this is infeasible, but Willy insinuates that he will turn rat if his demand is not met. He wants her buried, but alive, and made to tell all her stories. Cornwall is also doing another sting operation: his young niece, Jennifer, is web-chatting with Cassandra. As soon as Cassandra tells Jennifer that she's willing to meet with the girl and show her how to write a note for the tooth fairy, Cornwall's head snaps up and he believes he's ready to hit paydirt. But suddenly Dunlop arrives, earlier than expected, and even when Cornwall tells her that his brother (Jennifer's father) knows of Cornwall's plan and has given permission, Dunlop gets very upset. Mika sees Dunlop come into view of Jennifer's webcam, recognizes her, and immediately terminates the chat connection. However, a green LED remains lit, showing that Mika can still see and hear everything happening in the room via Jennifer's webcam. He watches and listens as Dunlop tears into Cornwall over the sting, and using a young girl as bait, potentially endangering her. Mika also learns that Dunlop's unit knows what Cassandra is being used for. Most important, he overhears Dunlop telling Cornwall she no longer wants him to accompany her to an event happening that night; she's going alone. Cassandra also overhears the whole argument between Dunlop and Cornwall, and she starts to cry. Dunlop arrives via taxicab at the charity ball honoring her. She's wearing a pink evening dress and looks beautiful. She's met by Diane Grey, wife of Mika's boss. Dunlop has been given a seat at Mrs. Grey's table. Mika comes over to say hello to Mrs. Grey, and he plays along as she introduces him to Dunlop. Mika now has a perfect cover as a known acquaintance of Mrs. Grey. A mysterious woman with long dark hair enters the ball. She takes a powder out of her purse and puts it in her drink as she listens to Mrs. Grey introducing Dunlop as keynote speaker of the charity ball. The only empty seats are Dunlop's (she's on stage) and another at the same table. As Dunlop is speaking, the mysterious woman sits at Dunlop's seat and puts her drink down. Mrs. Grey whispers to the woman that the seat is taken, so the woman moves to the other empty seat... discreetly taking Dunlop's drink instead of the one she just put down right beside it. Dunlop's speech earns a standing ovation and a high number of pledges. Seated again at Grey's table with Grey, Mrs. Grey, Mika and the mysterious woman, she talks about the technology she and her unit work with; something Mika takes the opportunity to ask her about. In the meanwhile, Dunlop has finished her drink and Grey has poured her a second. The powder starts taking effect. The mysterious woman helps Dunlop downstairs and out of the center, and offers her a ride. She helps Dunlop into a limousine and sits beside her in the back. There, she pulls off a long dark wig, revealing short, blonde hair underneath. The woman is Mika's accomplice, Vicky (Christine Horne). Dunlop realizes she's been drugged and is in serious trouble, but can do nothing as Vicky crades Dunlop over her lap and watches her slowly black out. Matthew is delivering a shipment of evergreen saplings to a work site, only to find the foreman has sent everyone home due to the snowstorm. He tells Matthew that there's a roadsite motel a very short distance down the highway where he can spend the night; if he brings a receipt back to the camp the next day, the foreman will reimburse him the cost. But when Matthew checks out the next morning, he finds the trailer has been stolen, and one of the trees lies on the ground near his truck. When he happens to look in the direction that the top of this tree is pointing, he sees a number of the trees stood up in the snow along the road, forming a trail. He gets in his truck and follows it. As he reaches the end of the trail, where a barricade has been placed, he fails to notice a camera in the top of a nearby tree. Matthew follows the last couple of trees on foot to a clearing where a young woman stands near the trailer. It's Cassandra. Matthew is overcome with relief and joy as he hugs his daughter. Cassandra tells him cryptically that the people who took her arranged for this meeting because she's precious to them, but she only shakes her head silently when he tries to press her to say who these people are. Matthew doesn't understand when Cassandra begins repeating bits of the conversation they had in the truck just before her disappearance, saying a promise was made, and asking if it was kept-- a cryptic reference to whether Albert kept his promise never to skate with anyone else. Finally Cassandra says the visit is over, and she has to go, and Matthew has to forget her. He refuses, grabbing her in a tight hug and insisting he's taking her home. Mika, coming out of hiding behind the trailer, aims a rifle and fires a tranquilizer dart into Matthew, knocking him out. Cassandra doesn't resist as Mika helps her to her feet and leads her away. Mrs. Grey meets with Cornwall to discuss Dunlop's disappearance. The only lead is the mysterious woman who showed up at the ball. Mrs. Grey mentions she took the only empty seat at the ball-- the seat that Cornwall was supposed to occupy until Dunlop decided not to bring him. Cornwall lets this slip, and Mrs. Grey asks if the mysterious woman knew this. She thought nothing suspicious about the mystery woman offering Dunlop a ride, because Dunlop needed one and was traveling alone. Driving down the road, Matthew figures out why Cassandra was repeating snippets of their conversation from the day she vanished; she was making references to Albert. He understands Cassandra wants him to pay attention to Albert; hence why he watches Albert practicing at the skating rink. Dunlop awakens to find herself locked inside an empty van with heavy wire grates preventing her from escaping via any of the windows or doors; a van meant to remind her of one she had talked about having to sleep inside on her 14th birthday when she had been homeless and alone. Mika falsetto-sings the notes of an opera that Dunlop can hear through strategically placed speakers. Although Dunlop cannot see it from her vantage point, the van imprisoning her is in a garage or large storage room. On duty at work again, Tina find yet another memento of Cassandra's childhood; a series of pinwheels attached to the railing of the balcony for one of the hotel rooms. Tina breaks down and starts to come apart. Mika torments Dunlop further by pressing her to start talking more about her stories, including how she had to sleep in the abandoned van when she was 14. He warns that if she doesn't talk, he might stop returning, and leave her to die of thirst and starvation. Tina has called Niagara police. She's with the hotel manager in the room where she found the pinwheels, and Dunlop is studying the room. An air vent catches her attention, and she pries off the cover to reveal a hidden camera. Dunlop's men have found an elaborate series of hidden cameras in all the rooms in the hotel where Tina works, and are discussing why they were put there. They theorize that Tina may have been watched for a long time, even though the mementos of Cassandra have only started showing up relatively recently. They theorize that people involved in the child-abuse network pay to watch the footage of a missing girl's mother gradually freaking out. Matthew arrives home where Tina waits with Dunlop and Cornwall. When they tell him about what's been going on at Tina's job, Matthew only becomes angry, thinking they suspect him. He challenges Dunlop to arrest him if she thinks he's involved in any criminal activity. As Matthew leaves, he finds Cornwall taking pictures of the inside of Matthew's truck, which is still decorated with many items related to Cassandra's childhood; including the picture of her and Albert, and the blanket Cassandra had lay on when she was taken. Cornwall asks why the truck resembles a shrine. Matthew's only response is a punch that knocks Cornwall to the ground, before Matthew gets in his truck and storms off. In her room, Cassandra is telling Mika she needs to feel new experiences, now that she can't watch her mother anymore. She reminds Mika of a particular story she told him about when she won the trophy and showed it to her mother, how Mika said it was the most moving story she told him. Cassandra suggests making it better. Interested, Mika asks her how. Vicky goes to the skating rink where Albert still practices, and poses as a journalist writing an article about missing children and the people involved in their lives before they disappeared. She tries to ask Albert about his time skating with Cassandra, and whether he kept the trophy they won. Albert is hostile to this questioning and refuses to speak to Vicky. As Vicky leaves, Matthew, seeing Albert demand that Vicky leave him alone, goes to him and asks why Vicky was bothering him. Matthew begins tailing Vicky and sees her van pulled up beside a small roadside diner. He calls Dunlop's office and tells Cornwall about the van, and that he's going to secrete his cell phone in it. He gives Cornwall the phone's number, which will allow others in Dunlop's team to track it via GPS. Although Cornwall is still cynical toward Matthew, he and the team find they believe him enough to start a track on his phone. Matthew slips his phone into the large spare tire mounted on the trunk of Vicky's van. Matthew begins acting in a disruptive and hostile manner to the diner manager in order to make him call the police. Finding a poster of Cassandra, he takes it and sits at the table where Vicky and Mika are talking. He is careful not to voice his suspicions about them, but shows them the poster and identifies himself as Cassandra's father, and that he is displeased with police having dragged their feet on the investigation for so many years. Vicky acts compassionate toward Matthew as she and Mika try to accommodate him. The diner manager tells Matthew that the police are on their way. Matthew leaves, and Vicky suddenly notices that in the distraction, he lifted her cell phone. Mika and Vicky pursue Matthew, ramming his van and shooting at him, but he makes it back to the diner where a police van has pulled up, forcing Vicky and Mika to leave. Dunlop's team tracks the van and discovers where Mika lives. Dunlop's team storms Mika's home. Mika had been leading Cassandra out of her room. They hear the police, and Cassandra tries to scream. Covering her mouth, Mika forces her back into her room, but is unable to lock it before Dunlop's team arrives. Vicky shoots Cornwall, but his vest protects him; he's wounded but not badly. Vicky is gunned down and killed. Mika begins walking toward the officers with a hostile look. When he refuses to halt on command, they shoot him. An officer demands to know where Dunlop is. Mika only says that she's in a van where she had her 14th birthday, before he dies. Cassandra is rescued, and has a tearful reunion with her parents at the police station. Tina even hugs Matthew with one arm as she embraces Cassandra in the other. Cassandra and Tina visit Cornwall as he recovers in the hospital, and he talks about Dunlop's meetings with Tina, how Dunlop benefited from them as well as Tina. Matthew clears all the mementos of Cassandra's childhood, out of his van. Police find their way into Mika's garage and find the van in which Dunlop is held prisoner, rescuing her. Cassandra steps onto the ice in the skating rink and starts to skate, and she smiles.
tt0069947
Crime,Drama,Thriller
The film begins in the stormy period of 1962, France, where an assassination plot is attempted on Colonel Charles de Gaulle, the French President. De Gaulle had granted the country of Algeria independence, a decision that enraged many French citizens. Many of them, mostly fanatics and extremists from the army, forced an underground organization called the Organisation de l'armée secrète, which put the plot in place. As the Presidents car passes by a group of OAS agents, headed by Jean-Marie Bastien-Thiery, open fire on the vehicle; a number of bullets shatter and enter the vehicle, but not a single of them make a mark on de Gaulle or anyone else inside. Six months later, Bastien-Thiery and the other conspirators in the plot are captured. Bastien-Thiery's lawyer makes a stay of execution, but it is turned down, and the next morning, Bastien-Thiery is executed by firing squad. The top members of the OAS, Colonel Rodin, manager Casson and treasurer Montclair take stock, and realize that they cannot make any move as they will constantly be watched and identified: the OAS is planted with snitches who will watch every members move, and each member has had their complete details archived. Rodin realizes that what they need is a foreigner, someone whom no one in France has seen and has no record. Three months later, Rodin has succeeded in finding the right individual, an Englishman with a short but impeccable record. He invites him to Vienna for an interview by the three OAS leaders. The Englishman is smart, enigmatic and cold-blooded; he points out the need for an outsider to assassinate de Gaulle, given that the other attempt failed and that informers within the OAS have crippled the organization. He accepts the job, but asks a fee of $500,000 (a huge sum back then), citing De Gaulle's first-class security and that the job is an once-in-a-lifetime assignment and certainly to be his last. He demands utmost secrecy and anonymity, and asks that no one but the four of them know of this project and that he work completely by himself. He takes the codename the Jackal, and takes his leave of the OAS heads; his farewell is observed by Rodins bodyguard and adjutant Victor Wolenski. The Jackal begins his preparations: he researches extensively on his target, he acquires two false passports, he pays a visit to Paris to acquire a good shooting location, and he contacts two individuals in Belgium. The first is an armorer whom he commissions to build a special rifle; the second is a forger from whom he requires special French documents. Later on, the Jackal receives an OAS contact named Valmy that will inform him of any developments regarding the President. Around the same time, the OAS sends a female agent named Denise to bed a high-ranking French politician. Two weeks after visiting the armorer and forger, he returns to acquire his purchases. He is satisfied with the gun the armorer has made, and a trial of the rifle goes well; the forger on the other hand tries to blackmail him over his papers, and the Jackal snaps his neck. All his plans complete, he leaves for France under the name of Paul Oliver Duggan. Meanwhile, to raise money to pay the Jackal, the OAS stages a number of bank robberies across Paris. The robberies range from late night burglaries to daylight ambushes of armored cars. This sudden crime wave is noticed by the French Action Service (the French espionage branch), and although several of the robbers are captured, they are hired thugs who only know that they've been ordered to carry out these robberies on behalf of the OAS. The Action Service's suspicions grow when they learn that Rodin and his associates have suddenly secluded themselves in the Hotel Garibaldi, in Rome, which is owned by an OAS sympathizer. They observe that they are being attended to by Wolenski; they abduct him off the street while he's walking to the post office to pick up mail, load him into the back of a truck and drive him to an airfield, where he's then flown to Paris in a small propeller plane. They interrogate and torture him to death, but all they get is that a blond killer named Jackal visited his superiors. This however is enough to deduce that this Jackal has been contracted to shoot De Gaulle. The French Interior Minister asks for an interview with De Gaulle, but his demand for secrecy is rebuffed; de Gaulle is a proud man who refuses to go into hiding or shield himself. The Interior Minister instead convenes a secret council to deal with the Jackal, which includes high-ranking individuals like Police Commissioner Berthier and Colonel St-Clair. Berthier states that because of the Jackals anonymity from even his own employers, no one has a clue where to start looking for him; the key to finding and stopping the Jackal thus is to establish his identity. He recommends his own deputy, Inspector Claude Lebel, as the best detective in France and ideal for the job of uncovering the Jackal. Lebel, a mild-mannered but tenacious policeman, is summoned to the council. He is given access to every resource available, but he is asked to keep things secret, and that he succeeds. Lebel brings in his assistant Caron to help him out, and the two get to work contacting the heads of police agencies abroad. Meanwhile, St-Clair arrives home and pours out everything about the situation to his mistress, Denise. She later slips off and phones Valmy... Over in London, enquiries are being headed by Inspector Thomas, who has been given express authority by the Prime Minister to make full investigations regarding the Jackal (ensuring that he not be English, or if he is to be stopped). The British police come up with two things that they pass over to Lebel. Firstly, that there was a suspicious character named Charles Calthrop who was in the Dominican Republic around the time its dictator Trujillo was assassinated (Jackal in French is chacal, the word formed from the first three letters of each name); a search on Calthrop's home reveals he is absent. Second and more worryingly, a review of all passport applications reveals that one was made for one Paul Oliver Duggan, who had died at the age of two. Meanwhile, the Jackal learns from Valmy that his assignment is blown, but decides to continue on regardless. He makes it to a hotel at Grasse, where he spends the night charming and seducing a fellow guest, Baroness Collette de Montpellier. The next morning the hotel records are taken and scanned, as is French custom (and more urgently than usual). Presently Duggan's name is spotted and immediately Lebel orders forces on the hotel and he heads over there himself. They find no sign of the Jackal, him having already left the hotel (something Lebel finds strange), but they learn that the Baroness's bed had been slept in by two people. Lebel interviews the Baroness, but she denies knowing a thing about the man. The Jackals quick getaway before the police arrive is cut short by accidentally crashing his car. He decides to head for the Baroness's estate, where she takes him in. That night she tells him the police were looking for him, but promises she wont say anything if he tells her what hes about; in response, he strangles her. He takes on a new disguise and identity of bespectacled Danish pastor Per Lundqvist, and quickly but quietly leaves. He heads to Tulle station in the Baronesss car and catches a train to Paris. Hours later, the servants discover the Baroness's body. Lebel reports the failure of catching the Jackal and the murder of Madame de Montpellier, and notes that he could not have escaped unless he had been forewarned and that he now has the identity of a Danish pastor (having traced the car to the station and questioned the station authorities). He also notes that the murder means he can do away with secrecy and initiate a public manhunt. A police squad heads to Paris station to intercept the Jackal, but they arrive a few minutes too late. Lebel sends police to check every hotel in Paris, but the Jackal evades them by entering a Turkish bathhouse and being picked up by a French homosexual. Lebel uses a phone tap to discern that Denise is the OAS spy thats been tipping off the Jackal. He presents a recording of her phone call to the council, and St-Clair leaves (he later commits suicide); he'd tapped all the phones of the council members, having had suspicions about the Jackal being forewarned. Afterwards, he works out that the Jackal will strike in two days, or August 25, 1963 which is Liberation Day, the anniversary of France's liberation from Nazi Germany. De Gaulle, as a World War II veteran, is sure to make a public appearance on that day no matter what the threat, and the council disbands, intending to make all attempts to find the Jackal before then. Meanwhile, the Jackal kills the homosexual when he sees a public broadcast about Per Lundqvist being wanted for murder. In the early hours of Liberation Day, the Minister wearily informs Lebel that they couldnt find the Jackal. All they can do is implement the utmost security precautions around. The day goes on, but nothing happens. Some time later, a police officer allows the Jackal, disguised as an old one-legged French war veteran, to head to his residential address, after seeing his papers; the Jackal enters his location, sheds his disguise and disassembles his crutch to form his rifle, and waits for the President to present medals to former French Resistance members. Lebel strolls around looking for anything the least suspicious or out of place, but he doesnt find anything until he meets the police officer around the time the President presents medals. He learns that the officer let a cripple with a crutch through, sees that the address pointed out has a window open on the top floor, and rushes over there, ordering the officer to follow him. The Jackal aims, takes his shot... and misses. De Gaulle had suddenly bent his head to kiss a Resistance soldier, a French custom. The Jackal reloads his gun for a second shot, but then Lebel and the officer burst in on him. He guns down the officer, but Lebel snatches up the officers submachine gun and empties it into the Jackal. Over in London, Charles Calthrop appears at his flat. The British authorities take him in for questioning, but conclude that he had nothing at all to do with the Jackal and close the matter (also forswearing any responsibility regarding the Jackal, since he was an Englishman but also a Dane and a Frenchman). Thomas ponders who the Jackal really was... The film ends with a funeral in Paris: a body is buried in an unmarked grave, with Lebel the only witness.
tt0078767
Horror
"The Amityville Horror" (Released July 1979) is based on the true story of George Lee Lutz (James Brolin, of "Marcus Welby, MD") and Kathy Lutz (Margot Kidder, fresh from the success of "Superman") who bought a charming Dutch Colonial home in Amityville, on the coast of Long Island NY, in 1975. A sign in front of the house gives its name as "High Hopes." The film is based on the book of the same title, by Jay Anson, published in 1977. (Anson did not work extensively with the couple, but worked from hours of taped conversations between George and Kathy, which they had turned over to him.) The home features the Dutch gambrel (barn-shaped) roof design, and a pair of quarter-circle windows, on the end, on the 3rd floor, up near the roof. These are illuminated to look like the home's eyes. Filmmakers modified a house in New Jersey to look like the actual home in Amityville, and it is surprisingly close. It is a documented fact that a troubled young man, 28, had shot his entire family to death in the house, on 11/13/1974, including father, mother, two brothers and two sisters. Thus, in the film, the history of the house allows the Lutz's, in the fall of 1975, to make an offer of $80,000 on the home, which, we are told, is easily worth $120,000. Despite full disclosure of the home's past, by the realtor, the couple proceeds with the purchase, and moves in. George appears not to be strong of faith, but Kathy is at least a nominal Catholic. The couple turns to Father Delaney to bless the home. Father Delaney (Rod Steiger) encounters troubles in trying to bless the home, including a room full of flies, out of season, violent stomach sickness, and later, blisters on his palm when trying to make even a phone contact with Kathy at the home. In his further efforts to confront the evil, he suffers a car wreck from brake and steering malfunction, a lack of support by his superiors in the diocese as he describes the occult things he's seen, and ultimately, blindness and a mental breakdown. It is most moving when he, at the altar of the church, is praying, "Give them strength of mind and body, that they may do Your will," and a high-mounted statue begins to crumble and drop dust down in the chancel area. Refusing to run, he continues the prayer at a scream, "Oh, Lord, give them strength of mind and body, that they may do Your will!" weeping at the seeming triumph of evil over good. After this, we are shown Father Delaney, sitting in an outdoor garden area, in a totally unresponsive state. Presubably, his mind is gone. George begins to be more sullen and angry over perceived cold in the house, and obsesses with splitting logs and keeping the fireplace stoked. One of the two boys suffers a crushed hand when a sash window falls on it, and the little girl has an imaginary friend, Jody, who seems to be of a malevolent nature. Mom, Kathy, catches a glimpse of two red, swine-like eyes, outside the daughter's 2nd story window. The family dog, Harry, a black labrador, obsesses over a secret room in the basement. George's land surveying business begins to suffer with his lack of attendance, and his partner is concerned. The business partner's wife, very sensitive to the paranormal, is at once both revulsed and intrigued by the things she feels when at the house. "Boy are these vibes ever strong!" she says at one point. The Lutz's witness a black, bubbling substance coming up in the toilets, an "ooze" coming down from nail holes in the walls, a babysitter being trapped in a closet despite its not having a locking doorknob, the disappearance of $1,500.00 cash, and Kathy's Aunt, a nun, running from the house and vomiting. Kathy observes George's persistant waking at 3:15 am, feeling he must go check on the boathouse, and other unsettling incidents. Kathy has nightmares in which she is given details about the killings of the home's prior family. Their research at the library and at the county records office suggest that the house is built atop a tribal burial ground, and that a known devil worshiper named Ketcham had once lived on the land. Finally, the paranormal events drive the family to flee the house one night, in the pouring rain, no longer even worried about their posessions. The final titles tell us that, "Today the Lutz's live in another state."
tt0071402
Action,Crime,Drama
Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) and his wife Joanna (Hope Lange) vacation in Hawaii. They return to New York City, where Paul works as an architect. Joanna and their daughter Carol Anne (Kathleen Tolan) shop for groceries at D'Agostino's. Three hooligans (one played by Jeff Goldblum) are wreaking havoc in the supermarket. They catch Joanna's address after she asks that her groceries be delivered. They follow her to the apartment, burst in and trash the apartment. They search for money but find only $7. The hooligans then rape Carol and savagely beat Joanna, escaping scot-free. Paul's son-in-law Jack Toby (Steven Keats) calls to tell him only that Joanna and Carol are in the hospital. After waiting impatiently, Paul is told by a doctor that his daughter is okay and that she was sedated and put to bed, but his wife has died. Devastated, he is told by police that the likelihood of catching the criminals is small since his wife is dead and his daughter, the only witness, traumatized from her ordeal of being raped, cannot speak. That night, a frustrated Paul goes out for a walk and quickly encounters a mugger who attempts to rob him with a gun. Carrying a sock full of quarters, Paul swings it at the would-be-mugger and flees, narrowly escaping from being shot. The next day, Paul's boss gives him an extended business vacation to Tucson, Arizona to meet a client, Ames Jainchill (Stuart Margolin), who shows him the ropes. Paul witnesses a mock gunfight at Old Tucson, a reconstructed Western frontier town used as a movie set. At a gun club, Ames is impressed when Paul shoots near bulls-eye accuracy. He reveals that he was a "CO" (conscientious objector) during the Korean War who served his country as a combat medic. Ames drops him at the airport, slipping a little going-away present into Paul's bag. Back in New York, Paul visits Jack who tells him that his daughter is catatonic and will likely never recover. At home, Paul opens his suitcase and the gift box that Ames left him to find a nickel-plated .32 Colt Police Positive revolver. He pockets the gun and takes a stroll that night. While walking alone in Riverside Park, Paul almost immediately encounters a mugger, a doped-up ex-convict named Thomas Leroy Marston who attempts to rob him at gunpoint with a .38 Smith & Wesson Model 36 revolver. Paul shoots him with his own revolver, killing him. Shocked that he just killed a human being, Paul runs home and throws up. But his vigilantism continues the following night, when he guns down three black men (one with an afro is played by an uncredited Denzel Washington) who are robbing a defenseless old man in a vacant alley. A few nights later, two muggers see Paul on a subway, holding a bag of groceries. They attempt to rob him at knife-point but Paul shoots them both with the revolver. Paul again gets away. Another night later, Paul is sitting in a sleazy 8th Avenue coffee shop surrounded by prostitutes and assorted street people. He pays his bill to the cashier purposely revealing a wallet full of cash. He leaves followed by two black thugs, named George and Joseph, who have taken the bait. Yet again a robbery attempt is made in a subway tunnel. Paul shoots one but the other manages to stab him in his shoulder before he gets shot as well. As a wounded Paul stumbles off, the one who stabbed him gets away mortally wounded, dying at a hospital. Police Lt. Frank Ochoa (Vincent Gardenia) investigates the vigilante killings. His department narrows a list to men who have had a family member recently killed by muggers and who are war veterans. The public, meanwhile, is happy that somebody is doing something about crime. Lt. Ochoa soon suspects Paul. He is about to make an arrest when the District Attorney (Fred J. Scollay) intervenes and tells Ochoa to "let him loose" in another city instead. Ochoa doesn't like the idea, but relents. In the meantime, Paul has his daughter committed to a mental hospital in upstate New Hampshire where she will remain catatonic, possibly for life. After returning to New York, Paul hides his .32 gun in a hidden drawer in his office while adjusting (and possibly enjoying) committing murder against muggers to "clean up the city". When Paul invites Jack over for dinner, Jack cannot understand Paul's sudden and happy mood. (Note: The three muggers who murdered Paul's wife and assaulted his daughter are never seen again in the movie, so their fate is left ambiguous.) One evening, Lt. Ochoa anonymously phones Paul at his office to tip him off that the police are watching him, hoping to provoke a reaction or slip up from Paul. When Paul is briefly detained by the police after leaving his office, they do not find any gun on him and allow him to continue on his way. Aware that the police are starting to catch on to him, Paul gives them the slip by sneaking out of his apartment building through a backdoor service entrance. He goes to his office to retrieve his gun and then goes out looking for more would-be muggers where he is confronted by three street gang members in Central Park who try to mug him. Paul shoots two of them before he is wounded in his right leg by a third mugger who is armed with a .45 caliber M1911A1 pistol. Despite his wound, Paul chases the third mugger through the park, the streets, and to an industrial warehouse area where the third mugger gets away as Paul attempts to take aim at him, only to fall to the ground. Hospitalized, Paul is confronted by Ochoa after a sympathetic policeman finds Paul's revolver near the latest crime scene and gives it to the detective. Ochoa makes Paul promise to leave New York, permanently in exchange to avoid prosecution for the vigilante killings. Paul replies, "By sundown?" In the final scene, set one week later. Paul arrives in Chicago Union Station by train. Being greeted by a company representative, he notices a group of hoodlums harassing a woman. He excuses himself and helps the woman. The hoodlums make obscene gestures, but Kersey points his right hand like a gun and smiles... suggesting that his vigilantism will resume sooner or later.
tt0084945
Comedy,Fantasy,Sci-Fi
At Ralph Waldo Emerson High School, bookish student Barney Springboro (Scott Baio) performs various scientific experiments on laboratory mice until his friend, yearbook photographer Peyton Nichols (Willie Aames), retrieves him for a class assembly. Peyton questions Barney's disinterest in finding a girl friend as the students rally in preparation for an upcoming baseball game against a rival high school. Afterward, Peyton seduces one of the school administrators, Corinne Updike, and Barney returns to his experiments. At the insistence of the pesky class president, Bernadette (Felice Schachter), Peyton promises to take photographs of Barney posing with the genetically modified orchids he has been growing for the school principal, Walter Coolidge. Barney drops the beaker containing the mice's feeding solution, producing a cloud of shimmery smoke that knocks him unconscious. Sometime later, he awakens and returns home, where his uptight mother chastises him for his tardiness and antisocial behavior. As she yells, Barney's bedroom door mysteriously slams shut. During English class the next day, Barney fantasizes about a popular girl named Jane Mitchell (Heather Thomas). When the teacher, Rose Burnhart, calls on him unexpectedly, Barney furrows his brow, causing the map above the chalkboard to fall on her head. That afternoon, Peyton asks Jane on a date, but she reminds him that she has a college-aged boyfriend. As Barney stares at Jane's chest, her cardigan bursts open, leaving everyone confused. In the lab, Barney experiments with his new telekinetic abilities by levitating various objects across the room, unaware of Bernadette and Peyton are watching through the window. When his friends confront him, however, Barney convinces them to keep his powers a secret. At home, Barney propels his model spaceship through the air, imagining the crew members inside have come alive. He then animates a ventriloquist dummy, which frightens Mrs. Springboro so much that she believes her son is possessed. On the day of the big baseball game, Barney manipulates the ball and hits the winning home run. Meanwhile, Principal Coolidge attempts to break into Barney's lab to check the growth of his orchids, but cannot obtain the key. After Barney agrees to let Bernadette write a report about him for her older sister's college science journal, they notice Mrs. Burnhart sneak into his lab and uncover a pot of Peyton's marijuana hidden behind the orchids. She retrieves Principal Coolidge, but they return to discover the plants are missing. Baseball coach Dexter Jones finds Barney and Bernadette stuffing the plants in the incinerator, and the smoke causes him to become intoxicated: under the influence, he imagines riding a bicycle with Albert Einstein while being chased by his wife, who is dressed like a Viking warrior. Over the weekend, Barney, Peyton, and Bernadette go to a pre-graduation celebration at an amusement park, during which Peyton challenges Jane's boyfriend, Robert Wolcott, to a beer-drinking contest. While on a spinning ride, Barney increases the speed of Robert's compartment, causing him to vomit and lose the bet. That night, Peyton brings Jane home and seduces her by pretending to act older and more mature. Meanwhile, Barney and Bernadette have dinner and talk about former crushes. The pair spend the next afternoon together in the park before returning to Barney's lab, where they make love. At school on Monday, Jane admits that she regrets having sex with Peyton and returns to her boyfriend. Robert, however, invites Peyton to a casino-themed college fraternity party with the hopes of winning the money owes him for the drinking contest. Peyton begs Barney to attend so he can manipulate the roulette wheel, but Bernadette becomes angry that he would use his powers to gamble. Meanwhile, Mrs. Updike convinces Principal Coolidge to respond to a personal advertisement in the newspaper to meet a woman for a date. At the restaurant, Principal Coolidge discovers that his date is Rose Burnhart, and the two finally succumb to their long-time attraction by having sex under the table. During the fraternity party, Barney attempts to manipulate the roulette ball, but causes a commotion among the guests when he accidentally levitates the entire wheel. When Bernadette refuses to answer his telephone calls, he spends the night in his laboratory drinking whiskey. Hung over the next morning, he apologizes to Bernadette and arranges to meet her at the prom that evening. Before he leaves for the dance, however, Mrs. Springboro hires two priests to perform an exorcism on her son, and Barney uses his ventriloquist dummy to chase them around the house so he can get away. Peyton and Jane are crowned prom king and queen, and Jane rejects Peyton's continued advances. As Barney dances with Bernadette, Peyton ruins the moment by offering his friend airplane tickets to Las Vegas, Nevada, where they can continue gambling. When Robert confronts Peyton about the roulette game, Peyton apologizes and gives him a packet of nude photographs he took of Jane. Enraged, Robert attacks, and Barney uses telekinesis to summon a large gust of wind that tears off the students' clothes and sends everybody running outside. A wayward fire hose knocks Barney unconscious and he wakes up believing that he has lost his powers. However, while leaving the school, Barney grabs Bernadette by the waist and propels them through the night sky in a cloud of shimmery dust.
tt0088206
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Kara Zor-El (Helen Slater) lives in an isolated Kryptonian community called Argo City, in a pocket of trans-dimensional space. Zaltar (Peter O'Toole) allows Kara to see a unique and immensely powerful item known as the Omegahedron, a baseball-sized sphere which he has borrowed without the knowledge of the city government, and which powers the city. However, after a mishap, the Omegahedron is blown out into space. Much to the distress of her parents (Simon Ward and Mia Farrow), Kara follows it to Earth (undergoing a transformation into "Supergirl" in the process) in an effort to recover it and save the city. On Earth, the Omegahedron is recovered by Selena (Faye Dunaway), a power-hungry would-be black magic witch assisted by the feckless and long-suffering Bianca (Brenda Vaccaro) and seeking to free herself from her relationship with warlock Nigel (Peter Cook). Whilst not knowing exactly what it is, Selena quickly realizes that the Omegahedron is powerful and can enable her to perform real magical spells. Supergirl arrives on Earth and discovers her powers. Following the path of the Omegahedron, she takes the name Linda Lee, identifies herself as a cousin of Clark Kent (whom as Superman is off worlds), and enrolls at an all-girls school where she befriends Lucy Lane (Maureen Teefy), the younger sister of Lois Lane who happens to be studying there. Kara also meets and becomes enamoured with Ethan (Hart Bochner) who works as a groundskeeper at the school. Ethan also catches the eye of Selena, who drugs him with a potion to make him love her. However, Ethan regains consciousness in Selena's absence and wanders out into the streets. An angry Selena uses her new-found powers to animate a construction vehicle, which she sends to bring Ethan back, causing chaos in the streets as it does so. Kara rescues Ethan and he falls in love with her instead while in guise of Linda Lee. Supergirl and Selena repeatedly battle in various ways, until Selena uses her powers to put Supergirl in an "eternal void" known as the Phantom Zone. Here, stripped of her powers, she wanders the bleak landscape and nearly drowns in an oily bog. Yet she finds help in Zaltar, who has been exiled to the Phantom Zone as a punishment for losing the Omegahedron. Zaltar sacrifices his life to allow Supergirl to escape through a vortex atop a steep cliff. Back on Earth, Selena misuses the Omegahedron to make herself a "princess of Earth", with Ethan as her lover and consort. Emerging from the Phantom Zone, Kara/Supergirl regains her powers and has a final confrotation with Selena. Supergirl defeats Selena and exhiles her and Bianca to the Phantom Zone. Free from Selena's spell, Ethan admits his love for Linda and that he knows that she and Supergirl are one and the same, but knows it is possible he may never see her again and understands she must save Argo City. The final scene shows Kara flying up and away into the time-void and returning the Omegahedron to a darkened Argo City, which promptly lights up again.
tt0085750
Adventure,Horror,Thriller
Chief Martin Brody's older son, Michael (Dennis Quaid) now works for SeaWorld in Florida, which is preparing for the launch of its new "Undersea Kingdom," a set of tunnels where people can "view the wonders of the deep without ever getting wet." The film opens with a great white shark following a team of waterskiers, among them Kelly (Lea Thompson). Their boat stalls, but then its driver gets it going again before anyone is attacked. Michael Brody is the chief engineer, and lives with his girlfriend, Katherine Morgan (Bess Armstrong), who is senior biologist at the park. Katherine and her assistants, Dan and Liz, wonder why the dolphins are afraid to leave their pen. As Sean (John Putch), Michael's brother, arrives to visit, he reveals a deep fear of the water (from events depicted in Jaws 2). Kelly, after meeting Michael, Sean, and Katherine in a bar, tries to dispel the phobia by playing in the water (mostly) naked at nighttime. Meanwhile, Shelby Overman (Harry Grant), one of the mechanics, dives into the water at dusk to repair the gates. He is attacked by a shark and killed, only leaving a severed arm. The next morning, Michael and Katherine are informed of his disappearance by Charlene, a woman with whom Overman is living. She is quite irate at his failure to return, and fears the worst. Michael and Katherine go down in a submarine to check the tunnels and find Overman's severed arm. They decide to go into a piece of scenery, the Spanish galleon, although encouraged by Katherine's two dolphins to stay away. They continue the search, leaving the submarine, only to be assaulted by a great white. The dolphins, having sensed trouble from the start and visibly beseeching Katherine to stay in the sub, respond to Katherine's waving hands. They heroically rescue Mike and Katherine by allowing them to ride them back to the safety of their dolphin pen. This information is at first disbelieved by park owner Calvin Bouchard (Louis Gossett, Jr.) , but is quite exciting to his friend, the hunter Phillip FitzRoyce (Simon MacCorkindale). Katherine protests FitzRoyce's intent to kill the creature, so capturing it is the decided course. The baby great white is captured and nursed to partial health by Katherine and Liz. Before the shark can be put on display in the park, it must regain its strength -- Michael and Katherine keep it in a small holding pool. However, Calvin orders it exhibited as being the first Great White in captivity, but it dies within minutes. Meanwhile, Kelly persuades Sean to join her on the bumper boats. While walking through of on the underwater tunnels, a girl is terrified when she sees a hideous corpse, revealed to be Overman, bob up to a window. Katherine reveals that the bites came from a shark with a mouth a yard across, which is initially ridiculed by FitzRoyce, saying "That would indicate a shark of some 35 ft. in length", which is too big for a normal great white. They surmise that the shark's mother has also breached the gates of the park, but she can't convince Calvin of this fact. The mother white is actually trapped in the intake tube of the park's water pump but escapes when it forces the gate open. The mother shark shows up at the window of their underwater cafe. The shark exacts her revenge, first by causing a leak that nearly drowns everyone in the underwater tunnel, then turns her attention to everyone on the beach. She fails to capture the waterskiers, but capsizes Sean and Kelly's bumper boat, and Kelly gets a laceration from the shark's coarse skin. FitzRoyce leads the shark into the filtration pipes where the water from the ocean is brought into the lagoon, hoping to trap her inside. However, he drifts right into her mouth after his lifeline rope snaps. He prepares a grenade, but he is crushed to death before he can use it. Unaware of FitzRoyce's death, Michael has gone down to repair the underwater tunnel so the technicians can restore air pressure and drain the water, with Katherine watching his back. He welds the repair piece, but, with no pressure in the pipe to restrain her, the shark breaks free of the filtration pipe and attacks Katherine again, but is protected by her dolphins. They return to the control room with Calvin and the technicians. The shark smashes through the acrylic glass, flooding the room. As everyone tries to escape, Mike notices FitzRoyce's body still inside the shark's mouth, clutching the grenade. Mike uses a pole to pull the grenade's pin, and it explodes, blowing the shark to pieces. Katherine and Mike float up to the surface, explaining that Calvin managed to rescue the female technician, though the shark attacked the male technician and dropped him. Katherine is terrified for her dolphins, until they triumphantly show up in a splash, performing the tricks they refused to do since the movie's beginning.
tt0079714
Horror,Sci-Fi
In the opening scene, an attractive blond woman wearing a lavender colored dress is making out with a man in a local cemetery, which suddenly ends when the woman pulls out a dagger and stabs the man to death. Meanwhile, 24-year-old musician Jody Pearson is raising his 13-year-old brother Mike in a small southern California town disturbed by the mysterious deaths of its citizens. Reggie, a family man and ice cream vendor, joins the brothers in their suspicions that the local mortician, dubbed "The Tall Man", is responsible for the deaths. Mike relays his fears to a fortuneteller and her granddaughter about the possibility of Jody departing and leaving him in the care of his aunt, along with his suspicions about The Tall Man. Mike is shown a small black box and told to put his hand into it. After the box grips his hand, Mike is told by the granddaughter not to be afraid and as the panic subsides, the box relaxes its grip. The notion of fear itself as the killer is established and is what propels Mike towards his final confrontation in the film with The Tall Man. Fearing that Jody will abandon him, Mike follows him one evening to a local bar where he sees him pick up the woman in lavender from the opening scene and follows them to the Morningside Cemetery where Jody and the woman make out with each other. Just then, Mike is scared from his hiding place when a small figure wearing a brown robe jumps out at him. Jody, alerted by Mike's scream, finds him and angrily tells him to go home. When Jody returns to the make out spot, the mysterious woman in lavender is also gone. Mike begins to have horrifying nightmares about the Tall Man and of his dwarf-like minions and determines that something is going on at Morningside Mortuary. After an encounter when he is pinned under a car when one of the dwarfs drops a car on him while he is working in the garage, Mike decides to investigate. The next evening, he goes out, armed with a hunting knife, to Morningside Mortuary and breaks into the building through a basement window. Mike hides when the Tall Man and the cemetery caretaker are seen. Walking down a long hallway at the mortuary, Mike encounters a flying silver sphere, about the size of a softball, coming right at him. The caretaker appears and grabs Mike as the flying sphere comes right at him. Mike ducks in time as the sphere hits the caretaker and drills into his head, spurting out blood. Mike then encounters the Tall Man who chases him to the basement where Mike manages to sever some of the fingers of the Tall Man's right hand. Mike escapes from the mortuary and from two of the Tall Man's brown-robed dwarf minions and runs for home. The next morning, Mike shows Jody the severed finger of the Tall Man which is still twitching with life and bleeding yellow embalming fluid, which Mike is keeping in a small box. When Reggie comes over, and Mike shows them the severed finger, it transforms into a large wasp-like insect which attacks the three of them, but Jody manages to kill it by shoving it into the kitchen garbage disposal. The next evening, Jody goes to Morningside Mortuary to investigate, armed with a .45 caliber pistol, but he is immediately attacked by one of the brown-robed dwarfs in the mortuary basement, forcing him to run. Jody runs into Mike outside the cemetery driving their car when they are chased by a hearse being driven by one of the dwarfs. Jody opens fire on the hearse with his shotgun and forces it off the road. Upon examining the dwarf driver, the two brothers are shocked to find that it is a former friend of theirs (murdered by the woman in lavender in the opening scene) now crushed down to small size. Jody and Mike call Reggie who takes the still alive body of their friend into Reggie's ice cream truck while Jody drops Mike off at a local antique store. There, Mike finds an old photo of the Tall Man in an 19th Century photo during the founding of the town. Mike asks the two young store workers, Sally and Sue, to drive him home. During the drive, Mike tells them to stop the car when they see Reggie's overturned ice cream truck lying beside the road. Mike looks around and finds that the creature dwarf has escaped and Reggie is nowhere to be found. Just then, a group of dwarfs attack Mike and the girls who take control of their car and drives away, while Mike falls out the rear window. Mike goes home and tells Jody about Reggie's disappearance and about the recent attack. Jody decides to go back to the mortuary to look for Reggie and the two girls, and Mike wants to come along. But Jody instead locks him in his room, feeling that it would be too dangerous. Mike, using a buckshot shell, manages to disable the lock on his door and takes a pistol from the house to meet up with Jody, but the Tall Man is waiting for him outside (with his hand fully healed) and forcibly takes Mike into his waiting hearse to drive back to the cemetery. Mike manages to shoot out a tire from the car as it arrives at the mortuary which goes out of control. Mike manages to jump out of the car before it hits a tree and explodes, with the Tall Man still inside. Inside the mortuary, Jody is breaking into a crypt of his parents to find if their bodies are still there. Mike enters the building minutes later and sees his parents unearthed coffins and upon opening one, and finds that they are empty. Mike runs and has another encounter with the lethal flying silver sphere, until Jody shows up and destroys the silver sphere with a blast from his shotgun. The two brothers then encounter Reggie, who claims that he made it to the mortuary and has been hiding in a coffin for the past few hours. Reggie also claims to have found the missing girls in a room and freed them. Mike, Jody, and Reggie then go into another room which is a large open area, filled with storage barrels containing several dwarfs, as well as two long poles which upon close examination, is the gateway to an alien planet. Mike is briefly sucked through, but saved by Jody and Reggie who pull him back. Mike realizes that the Tall Man is using the corpses as slaves to his alien planet, and they have to be crushed to small size because of the planet's intense gravity and heat. When the lights in the building go off, Mike disappears and Jody sets off to find him. Alone in the small room, Reggie decides on a gamble to shut down the humming two-pronged gateway by slamming his hands on the tops of the poles, creating a vacuum which he barely escapes. Outside the mortuary, Reggie encounters the woman in lavender, who stabs him to death with the dagger. Mike and Jody come upon the scene and discover the woman in lavender, who changes into the Tall Man, yet another replica. Mike and Jody are forced to run as the mortuary glows and is apparently destroyed. Back home, Mike and Jody, distraught over the death of Reggie, and that the entire town is either dead or consumed by the gateway vacuum, plot on a way to stop the Tall Man by trapping him in a mine shaft since there seems to be no way of killing him. While Jody sneaks out of the house to go to a remote area near a mine shaft to prepare the trap, the Tall Man arrives at the house and attacks Mike who is forced to run. The chase leads to the mine where the Tall Man falls through a fake ground into the hole and to the bottom where Joey pushes a large boulder to seal the hole, thus trapping the Tall Man. After doing so successfully, Mike suddenly wakes up with a start in his house. Mike is next seen lying by the fireplace with the alive-and-well Reggie sitting next to him. Reggie tells Mike he was simply having a bad dream, something that has been a common occurrence since Jody died in a car crash a few weeks earlier. Mike realizes that Jody is indeed dead as well as his parents... all of whom died in the car accident, and the whole thing with the Tall Man was nothing but his horrible nightmare. Reggie suggests that they go away for a while, and Mike agrees. Mike goes into his room to pack his stuff where the Tall Man is waiting for him behind his door. After Mike is shocked to see the Tall Man behind his door, several arms of the dwarf minions pulls Mike through his bedroom window as he screams....
tt0083722
Fantasy,Horror,Thriller
Irena Gallier (Natassia Kinski) is a young woman whom was raised by adoptive parents and is, for the first time since childhood, meeting her older brother Paul living in New Orleans. Paul (Malcolm McDowell) meets Irene when she arrives at the airport and drives her home to his apartment. Paul lives by himself with only his housekeeper Female (pronounced Fee-MAL-ee) (Ruby Dee) to look after him. Irena and Paul are descended from a line of 'cat people,' people who turn into panthers after mating and who must then kill in order to take human form again. Irena knows nothing about this side of her ancestry. She is still a virgin, so she has no idea what sex will do to her. On the other hand, Paul has been living with this knowledge for years and has worked out a system whereby he uses hookers as his prey. In fact, on Irena's first night in New Orleans, Paul arranges for a hooker (Lynn Lowry) to meet with him at a cheap hotel. Unfortunately (for Paul) but fortunately (for the hooker), the hooker escapes with her life and Paul is left in his panther form, trapped in a hotel room. Curator Oliver Yates (John Heard) and his assistants, Alice Perrin (Annette O'Toole) and Joe Creigh (Ed Begley Jr), from the New Orleans Zoo, are called to capture the black panther and put him behind bars. With Paul gone, Irena decides to spend her first full day in New Orleans by seeing the sights. First, a taxi ride through the French Quarter; then a stop at the zoo where she is fascinated by the new panther, so fascinated that she is still there sketching him 1-1/2 hours after the zoo has closed. When Oliver startles Irena, she drops her sketch pad and runs for the trees, winding up on top of one. Oliver coaxes her down. After noticing that Irena feels excessively warm, Oliver takes her inside and puts a cool cloth on her forehead. Thinking her exhaustion might be due to hunger, they decide to get something to eat. During the dinner conversation, Oliver learns that Irena is looking for a job and hires her to work in the zoo's gift shop. Irena's first day on the job is memorable. Alice introduces herself to Irena, and the two get lunch. A strange woman calls Irena 'mi hermana' (my sister). That afternoon, as Irena continues looking at the black panther, it suddenly goes crazy and when Joe tries subduing it, the panther graphically rips Joe's right arm off and he quickly bleeds to death. By the time Oliver gets back with his gun to kill the beast, however, the panther has disappeared. When Irena gets home that evening, Paul returns, but he no longer seems so brotherly. He claims that he was "in jail" during his time away. He tries to get Irena to have sex with him, telling her that he's the only one who can touch her and she's the only one who can touch him. Irena knows only that she is attracted to Oliver and wants nothing to do with having sex with her brother, so she runs off. While running in the street, Irena flags down a police car, but they find no one chasing her. However, when the police dog begins going nuts, they do a search of the area. The police dog leads them to Paul's basement where they find a cage, chains, and parts of several bodies. A check on Paul Gallier shows that he's been in and out of mental institutions since the age of 10, when his parents killed themselves. They were circus performers, and Paul grew up around big cats. Thinking that Paul might have been the one keeping the escaped panther, they call the Zoo. Oliver and Alice come over. It is the policeman's opinion that Paul meant to kill Irena, so he suggests that she find someplace else to live. Oliver offers her a place to stay with him. Irena is becoming more and more troubled. As if the stuff with Paul wasn't bad enough, one night she finds herself running on all fours after a rabbit. It's also becoming apparent to her that she is falling in love with Oliver, and he with her, but she tells him that she cannot make love to him. Alice is also in love with Oliver, and this is evoking feelings of rivalry in Irena. A week goes by, and the search for the escaped panther has proven fruitless. In the meantime, Paul has murdered another girl. He feels that he can no longer go on like this. He crashes through Irena's bedroom window one night and, once more, tries to have sex with her. It's the only way they can live, he explains, just as their parents, who were also brother and sister, lived together as husband and wife. Irena refuses and stabs him with a piece of broken window glass. Paul turns into a panther. When Oliver comes home, Alice in tow, he is attacked by the panther. Alice gets the shotgun and shoots it dead. When Oliver autopsies the panther, he is horrified to see a human hand in its stomach, after which the entire panther spontaneously disintegrates. The next morning, Alice is out jogging. It's getting late, and she stops at the gym for a quick swim and change of clothes. As she is getting undressed, she hears a growl. Afraid, Alice jumps into the pool. Suddenly, the lights go out and the growling gets louder. Alice begins to scream. When the lights are turned back on, Irena is standing there. The receptionist hands Alice her robe, only to find that it is torn into shreds. Alice calls Oliver to warn him of her experience, but Oliver is too charmed by Irena, who has just returned and is taking off her clothes, letting him know that she is ready to make love. Afterwards, she turns into a panther, but she leaves before she can harm Oliver. She is spotted near the bridge. SWAT teams have been called to corner the panther. Oliver and Alice arrive. Despite this presence, the panther gets away. Oliver goes looking for Irena. He finds her in human form because she has killed. Irena begs Oliver to kill her. Oliver refuses, so Irena asks him to free her by making love once more. "I want to live with my own" she says. Oliver binds her arms and legs to the bed, strips off all of her clothes, and makes love to her. In the final scene, Oliver stops at the new panther's cage at the zoo. It is obvious that the "re-captured panther" is Irena, now trapped forever in her panther form. Oliver reaches through the bars and strokes the docile panther's neck.
tt0095519
Comedy
Les Anderson (Corey Haim) is eagerly looking forward to getting his driver's license, freedom for a teenager who takes the bus to school, and a way to possibly pick up girls. One whom Les has his eye on, is Mercedes Lane (Heather Graham). However, she seems to already have a boyfriend, who drives a Ferrari. A few days later, Les is picked up by his friends Dean (Corey Feldman) and Charles (Michael Manasseri), and go to a party. While there, the trio see Mercedes getting into a heated argument with her boyfriend. Attempting to get out of the argument, she tells her boyfriend that she's going to go out with Les next Saturday. The next day, Les is picked up from school by his Dad (Richard Masur), who is driving their Grandpa's Cadillac (as Grandpa has taken Dad's BMW, not wanting to drive his own Caddy over long distances). Les is at first embarrassed, but grows excited when his Dad explains that he thought he can drive the Cadillac for a little bit (with his Dad supervising of course!). Reaching an upcoming corner, Les sees Mercedes wakling down the street, and begs his Dad to let him drive the car by himself, to impress her. Les' Dad gives in, but Les' plan to just drive Mercedes home takes another turn, when she tells how she's going across town to see a friend. Wanting to impress her, Les drives her there. On his way back home, Les comes across his Dad who is very upset that Les broke his word. The next day, Les and his twin sister Natalie (Nina Siemaszko) both take the driver's test via computer. Though Natalie finishes quickly, Les becomes flustered, and eventually fails. Angered, he 'boxes' the monitor, causing all the computers to shut down. As DMV attempts to recover the data, they allow Les to take a driving test, feeling that since his twin sister scored highly, he should also be good once the data is recovered. Natalie also takes a driving test, wherein the instructor is very calming. Les is given an instructor, who only has one stipulation: if Les can keep the cup of coffee he has from spilling, he passes. Les manages to make it through, and gets his license...but seconds later, the instructor in the computer room tells that after recovering the results, Les has failed, and tears up his license in front of him! Les comes home to an enthusiastic family, and lies to them, telling that he's 'a free man.' However, when his Mom (Carol Kane) does the laundry some time afterwards, she finds the 'Failed Test' paper in his pants pocket, and soon the entire family knows. Les' father even grounds Les for 2 weeks for lying to the family. Les' friends even try to get him to come out due to getting his license, but he lies, claiming he has other things to do. Later on that evening, Les gets a call from Mercedes, asking if he's still going to take her out. Les lies, claiming he's on his way (after making sure his parents are sound asleep!). Les manages to get his Grandpa's Cadillac out of the garage, and picks up Mercedes. They at first attempt to go to a club, but Les is refused entrance by the bouncer. Mercedes does get in, but upon seeing her boyfriend with another woman, quickly grabs a nearby bottle of champagne, and returns outside. However, Les' problems are increased when a tow-truck begins to tow away the Caddy. Les manages to get the car untowed, but ends up paying over all the money he has. Mercedes then requests that they go to a lookout point high above the city. However, during her time there, she ends up finishing off the bottle of champagne. She ends up dancing on the hood of the car, and caving in the hood when she causes Les and her to fall on it! Getting her back in the car, she ends up knocked out from her drinking escapade. Les then goes over to Dean's place, where Dean manages to take care of the dented hood, by banging it back into proper condition. Both Dean and Charles are eager to see Les' license, and claim that they should head to a place called Atomic Avenue. Les tries to convince them not to go there, but is coerced into it. After a harrowing incident on the freeway, the group ends up at Shakey's where they attempt to sober up Mercedes, but at the insistence of Dean, put her in the car trunk, and decide to head off to Atomic Avenue, where Dean is sure they can meet some more girls. They arrive, and the place seems exciting, but Charles accidentally ends up denting the door of a guy's Pontiac GTO. The man then attempts to smash the group's windshield with a crowbar, causing Les to quickly take off! They end up almost being found out when going by a protest area (where Les' sister and her boyfriend are!), before getting pulled over at a Police checkpoint. Les gives over his school bus pass, but the situation almost takes a turn for the worse when the officer finds a sleeping Mercedes in the car trunk! However, the police checkpoint is dismantled when word comes that the protest has become a riot! The boys then decide to head home, but are sidelined when a drunken driver gets into the Cadillac, and drives off! Luckily, they managed to get Mercedes out of the trunk before this, and all pile into the drunk's VW Bug. Les' night gets worse as the driver veers all over the road, scratching up the car, and causing severe damage to it! Les manages to get into the car and stops it, right before it almost flies into a pit. Les manages to get his friends home, and get Mercedes back to her place, who claims she had a nice time, and kisses him! Les gets the car into the garage, just as his parents come downstairs, as his pregnant mother has just gone into labor! Les' Dad is about to give Les a huge lecture, when the cries of his wife cause him to stop. Needing someone to drive, Dad relents and allows Les back behind the wheel. Arriving at a cross street, the family is thrown into turmoil when the forward drive on the car breaks, with the only option, to go in reverse. At the insistence of his family, Les throws the car in reverse, and manages to get his family to the hospital. Les' Dad is impressed by his son's driving skills...but the moment is ruined when a giant I-beam from a nearby construction site, crashes onto the Cadillac. Some time later, Grandpa comes back for his car. The family is ready for him to get angry, but are surprised when he starts laughing. Grandpa claims he had some problems driving Dad's car, and if on cue, a tow truck pulls up, with Dad's BMW smashed up! Dad then attempts to push the broken car on Les, when Mercedes pulls up in her car. Les responds to his Dad with, "I already have a Mercedes," hopping in her car, and driving off down the road with her.
tt0102719
Comedy,Family
Following the events of the first film, Ben and Junior Healy decide to leave Cold River for a better life in a new town called Mortville, which is, unfortunately, known as the "divorce capital of the world" as Ben is greeted by a seemingly endless number of single women when they arrive at their new house, as well as hotshot single dad Aron Burger, who invites Ben and Junior for a welcoming barbecue. After being insulted by Burger and his equally bratty twin daughters, Dolly and Madison, Junior seeks revenge by turning up the barbecue's gas pumps, causing Burger to get blown up in the air and landing in a kiddie pool in the next yard. The next day, Junior begins his new school year at Mortville Elementary, where he runs into his old nemesis, Mr. Peabody, who originally quit his old job and became a school principal to get away from Junior. When Junior breaks wind in front of Peabody, he thinks that Junior is a smart kid and passes him to the sixth grade. Of course, his new teacher Mr. Thorn is not happy that he is saddled with many of his old students again as hardly any of them passed, including hulking but incredibly stupid Murph, who has been in 6th grade for the past 20 years. When Junior steals a answer from a math question intended for Murph, Thorn is somewhat impressed and leaves the room to find something that will make Murph pay more attention. Of course, a chase breaks out all over the classroom between Junior and an angry Murph, ending with Junior taping him up on the blackboard, causing all the teachers and students to run out of the school. Meanwhile, Ben visits the local bank to get a loan approved. The bank's owner and local rich woman LaWanda DuMore observes this from her upstairs office window and orders her assistant Smith to find out everything about him so she can date him. When Ben picks up Junior from school, Murph somehow gets up on the roof and pushes a satellite dish off, crashing on top of Ben and knocking him out. When Ben regains consciousness, he finds himself in the nurse's office greeted and tended to by pretty Annie Young. Of course, her daughter Trixie who knows Junior's face as he shot her balloon with a slingshot the day they moved in, notices him trying to deface a photo of Annie with a black marker and clobbers him. The next night, Junior is not happy when Ben is going out on a date with Debbie, one of the neighborhood's many single women. Ben leaves Junior with a two-faced babysitter named Rhoda. Junior calls Debbie's ex-husband, Voytek, a slob who lives in a messy apartment, eats dog food, and is insanely jealous. Afterward, Voytek shows up at the restaurant and beats Ben with a lead pipe, but when Ben tries to defend himself from Voytek, Debbie punches him out. Back home, Rhoda's boyfriend shows up on his motorcycle, and they go up to Ben's bedroom to have sex. Junior sees Ben's video camera and records it. After returning home, Ben sees several cars parked in his driveway and sees everybody sitting in the front yard watching the projection of the babysitter and her boyfriend having sex on the front of the house. Shortly after, Big Ben arrives at the house, claiming to be on a vacation, but then admits he is on the run from his creditors as he lost his business and all his money. Ben and Junior reluctantly allow him and his dog, Nippy to stay at the house and in Junior's room. The next day, after Junior is sprayed with the fire hose by Trixie, Ben arrives at the nurse's office and it is quite clear to Junior that he has feelings for Annie. Later, Junior tries to impress Ben with his cooking skills but Ben has another date with another single woman named Emily. While Ben gets ready, Junior rigs the doorbell with the electrical wires and soaks the outside doormat with a garden hose, and when Emily rings the doorbell, she gets electrocuted. Ben is shocked at Emily's appearance, and after he closes the door, Emily collapses on the ground. A distraught Ben thinks that Junior is not getting enough attention, and decides to spend more time with him, thinking his behavior will improve. One day, He takes Junior to a water park, a ball game, and finally a carnival, where is unable to ride a popular ride because of his height and after getting snubbed my Murph and Trixie, who uses stilts on her shoes to get on the ride, gets revenge by expanding the ride's speed, causing everybody in and out of the ride to vomit all over the place. Though frustrated with Junior, Ben decides to make a deal with Junior that he will be there for him, providing he will be good from now on. When they get home, they discover their entire house has been redone by LaWanda, who secretly threatens violence to Junior if he tries to come between her and Ben. After discovering his new bedroom has been become a haven for clown toys, Junior sabotages a dinner cooked by LaWanda by putting roaches inside the salad. An angry and betrayed Ben is convinced he has failed as a father and declares Junior cannot be trusted again and LaWanda telling Junior that she plans to marry Ben. During the school's open house, Ben gets a dose of what Annie's daughter is really like when she ties up the kids during a puppet show. Annie cannot believe it and drags Trixie out of the school. As Ben tries to explain to Annie that he can help her, she confesses that Trixie consumes her life and does not have room for any other person and they disappear into the night, but since Ben still has feelings for LaWanda, he accepts her marriage proposal, much to the anger and dismay of Junior. He gets revenge by switching her blood test with a rabid dog and she is sent to the hospital, where Junior switches nose plastic surgery paperwork for LaWanda. That night, Ben and Junior run into Annie and Trixie having dinner at a local pizza place. Unfortunately, the school principal, Mr. Peabody is there with his girlfriend, and they get into a food fight, causing the four to be kicked out and banned from the restaurant, but thanks to this escapade, Junior and Trixie now become friends and must band together to stop LaWanda from marrying Ben. Later that night, Trixie shows up at his house and plan to take a walk to the park monument, the Love Rock, and they bound and gag Big Ben, fearing he will tell his father. Early the next morning, he receives a phone call from an alarmed Annie. They drive to the park where they see Junior and Trixie sleeping on a bench and after embracing, the two couples go their separate ways. At the wedding, Junior is praying that Ben sees LaWanda's nose. However, to his chagrin, he discovers she got almost $400 worth of last-minute plastic surgery done on it. They then go ahead with the ceremony until it is interrupted by Trixie driving a bulldozer into the park containing the Love Rock. It rolls down the aisle as guests scramble to get out of the way. LaWanda firmly stands her ground and puts out a hand to stop it, which it does by crushing her. Defeated at not stopping Trixie in time, Annie arrives and apologizes to Ben for Trixie ruining the wedding, but Ben says the wedding was meant to be ruined. Feeling that both parents have feelings for each other, the two passionately kiss. Though Big Ben tries to persuade his son to marry LaWanda, Ben suggests his father should, much to his joy. To celebrate, Junior slingshots a stuck of dynamite on the wedding cake, causing it to rocket up in the air and splatter all over Big Ben and LaWanda. The movie ends with Ben, Annie, Junior, and Trixie happily walking out of the park.
tt0092494
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
In New York City's East Village, many blocks of a run-down neighborhood are being demolished to build Lacey Plaza, a high-rise office tower and sports complex. However, residents of one four-story apartment building refuse to move out, despite the developer's offer to pay them to relocate. Elderly couple Frank and Faye Riley (Hume Cronyn and Jessica Tandy), who run the diner on the ground floor and live on the second floor, have been in the building for over 50 years and cannot imagine any place else as home. Other tenants include starving artist Mason Baylor (Dennis Boutsikaris), pregnant single woman Marisa Esteval (Elizabeth Peña), and retired boxer Harry Noble (Frank McRae). Site developer, Mr. Lacey (Michael Green), has his thugs, led by a man named Carlos (Michael Carmine), smash up the diner and some of the residents' apartments. Lacey's assistant, Kovacs (John Pankow), advises the residents to take the money, since it is their final offer. When Frank Riley calls police, they advise against pressing charges, saying the thugs will want revenge once they get out of jail. Elderly couple Sid and Muriel Hogenson (Tim Aldredge and Jane Hoffman), who have been assisting Frank in tending to Faye, who has mild dementia, give in and move to a retirement community in New Jersey after Lacey's thugs vandalize their apartment. Without their help, Frank is at his wit's end dealing with Faye and contemplates calling the retirement community. However, he notices that some of the items the thugs broke are now repaired. Other neighbors notice their broken items have been repaired as well. One evening Frank and the others follow the cheerful and delusional Faye to the roof, where she shows them two small flying saucer-like living objects, about the size of a dinner plate, which she calls "The Fix-Its." They are the ones who repaired the items. Mason telephones officials asking about missing Army technology. Frank and Marisa wonder if the Fix-Its are aliens or if they are experiencing a dream. They find the Fix-Its are mischievous and enjoy plugging into the electrical outlets. They start talking to the Fix-Its like they are small children. Faye "feeds" them with small screws, nuts and bolts. Lacey's henchman, Carlos, is shocked to see all the destruction has been repaired. When he comes into the building, the Fix-Its conk him on the head with a frying pan and later, send a jolt of electricity at him when he investigates the rooftop pigeon coop where the Fix-Its live. Mason examines one of the Fix-Its with a magnifying glass and discovers it is made of parts from various appliances. Frank advises against examining the Fix-Its too closely, saying "The quickest way to end a miracle is to ask it why it is, or what it wants." The two Fix-Its do many more repairs around the building and later perform an activity that seems to resemble sex. Afterward, the tenants string a series of extension cords to their rooftop pigeon coop so the Fix-Its can recharge. A few days later, the female Fix-It appears to be pregnant and is sucking on the electricity so heavily, the rest of the building lights begin to flicker. Shortly after that, the female Fix-It gives "birth" to two small flying saucers. Mason is excited by the idea that machines can reproduce themselves, calling it "living hardware." A few moments later, the female releases another smaller flying saucer. However, this one appears sickly and dies shortly afterward. Faye holds a funeral and buries it in a flower pot on the roof. Mason suggests performing an autopsy to see how the Fix-Its function, but the others are outraged. However, after everyone leaves, Harry, the former boxer, exhumes the tiny Fix-It, takes some spare parts, and tries to repair it. Meanwhile, business is thriving at Riley's Cafe. Faye serves as the waitress while Frank and the Fix-Its cook the food. Developer Lacey is outraged that his construction workers are eating in the diner he wants torn down, and wants the residents out of the building within the next three days. Carlos says he will get the job done, but Lacey has made other arrangements. Mason is shocked that pregnant tenant, Marisa, has no idea when her baby is due since she has not been to the doctor. Mason goes grocery shopping and brings her several bags of food. However, as he glances around Marisa's apartment, he is startled to find she has several of his paintings. Marisa poses for a portrait with Mason, but ends the session abruptly when her boyfriend, a musician named Hector, brings his band mates to serenade her before they leave for a show in Chicago, Illinois. After Hector leaves, a jealous Mason kisses Marisa and she kisses him back. Carlos breaks into the basement, smashes the water and gas pipes with an ax, and tries to destroy the electrical circuit breakers. When the adult male Fix-It investigates, Carlos attacks it with an ax and it appears to die. The tenants accuse Carlos of murder. When Carlos tries to escape, Harry puts on his boxing gloves and starts to beat him up. However, a demented Faye confuses Carlos with her son, Bobby, and is distraught to see him beaten. Frank reminds Faye that their son died as a teenager in a car wreck, but she does not believe him.... clearly her dementia is gradually becoming more worse. Harry shows everyone that he brought the third baby Fix-It back to life, but all three baby Fix-Its escape and the tenants go searching for them. In Times Square, Harry uses a dog whistle and a bullhorn to call the baby Fix-Its which are suckling on the neon and electricity in the area. Meanwhile, the adult female Fix-It performs surgery on the injured male Fix-It and brings it back to life. The adult Fix-Its hear the dog whistle and go to Times Square to reunite with their babies, then fly off as a family. Meanwhile, another of Lacey's henchmen rigs the building to explode. Carlos is angry, saying it is his building to destroy and fights him. However, Carlos sees that Faye is still home and rushes to get her out before the explosion. Unable to rescue her since she refuses to leave and remains oblivious to her surroundings, Carlos first tries to ration with her by pretending to be her dead son, but when she soon snaps out of her delusion, he rushes to stop the bomb, but is too late. The building erupts into flames. Carlos gets Faye out through the fire escape, just before the building collapses. The next day, a distraught Harry sits on the front stoop, the only thing that remains of the building. Lacey's workers refuse to bulldoze the rest of the building until he moves, so they leave for the day. That night, the Fix-Its return, bringing dozens of Fix-It friends. They rebuild the apartment building overnight. The next morning, the tenants are delighted to have their homes back, and Lacey concludes that he will have to work around the building. Soon, Lacey Plaza goes up with the apartment building at its center.
tt0086383
Action,Crime,Thriller
Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) and her little sister were gang raped years ago, after a female friend of the gang had persuaded them to come to the fair. The brutal rape left the sister permanently catatonic and almost vegetative. Jennifer is now out for revenge. In the beginning of the film, Jennifer is seen with one of the rapists, George Wilburn (Michael Maurer). It is early morning and she is with him in a car out on the cliffs. She pulls out a nickel-plated Colt Detective Special revolver and shoots him twice - one time in the groin and one time in the head at point-blank range, then leaves the scene. Inspector Harry Callahan (Clint Eastwood), in the meantime, is seen in a court room where he has brought a young blonde haired suspect named Mr. Hawkins (Kevyn Major Howard) to trial. The case is dismissed as a travesty because Harry did not have the right to seize the evidence used to prove Hawkins guilty. After insulting Hawkins in the elevator, Harry goes to his usual coffee diner and orders the usual black coffee. The waitress tries getting his attention by pouring massive amounts of sugar into his coffee and Harry, who is reading a newspaper, does not notice. As he walks out, he takes a sip of coffee and spits it out in disgust. As he returns to complain, he sees that the open signs were switched to closed. A robbery ensues but Harry stops it, going in the back way where he shoots up the gang of robbers. One is left alive and grabs the waitress as a human shield, but Harry points his .44 Magnum handgun revolver at him and dares the thug to shoot her in order for Harry to justify killing the thug ("Go ahead... make my day!" ) The police arrive shortly afterward when the robber drops his gun. Meanwhile, Jennifer is at an art exhibit where some of her paintings are put on display, but she claims to the owner that she must miss it because she needs to visit someone up north. She goes to the hospital to visit her sister Elizabeth (Lisa Britt), whom the doctor says is in a permanent vegetative state. Jennifer tells her sister of what she did to George Wilburn and then leaves. Later that night, Harry is at a mobster named Threlkis's granddaughter's wedding party. Harry antagonizes Threlkis (Michael V. Gazzo) in front of his own granddaughter, accusing him of killing a young hooker. Threlkis freaks as Callahan pulls out papers where he claims the hooker may have confessed everything, and he dies of a heart attack right at the table. Harry walks away and it is revealed that the papers are blank. The following day, Callahan and the rest of the cops are investigating the car containing the deceased George Wilburn in it. Shortly afterwards, Callahan is talking to his superiors, Captain Briggs (Bradford Dillman), Lt. Donnelly (Michael Currie), and the Chief (Bill Reddick). He is lectured about how he handled the Threlkis case, and Callahan is defensive on how that case was his to handle. His superiors demand that Callahan relax and take a vacation. After Callahan leaves a restaurant that night, he is attacked by four of Threlkis's hitmen. After killing three of them, one escapes in his car. Lt. Donnelly then orders Callahan to not be so reckless and demands he take a break with "peace". Out in the forest, Callahan practices shooting with his brand new .44 Automag handgun, a powerful .44 caliber semi-automatic pistol which fires more rapidly and accurately than his .44 Magnum revolver. His friend Horace King (Albert Popwell) shows up shortly afterwards to talk to him, convincing him he has the best place for Callahan to go for a vacation. Driving home late at night, Callahan is attacked by Hawkins and his friends, who try to kill him with a Molotov cocktail. Harry manages to get out of his car, and throws the cocktail into Hawkins' car, causing him to drive off a pier into the water, where Hawkins and his friends drown. Lt. Donnelly sees that this is the last straw and orders Callahan to investigate the Wilburn killing in his hometown. Callahan reluctantly agrees and is sent on "vacation" to the town San Paulo, a coastal resort town down the California coast. What he does not know is that Jennifer Spencer has also gone down to San Paulo to fully exact revenge on her rapists, who live there. Her story for staying at San Paulo is that she's renewing the carousel house and painting the merry-go-round horses at the fairgrounds. While walking on the beach at the fairgrounds, there is a flashback of Jennifer's rape and it is shown what actually happened 10 years ago right on the beach near the fairgrounds. During the time in San Paulo, Callahan receives a bulldog named Meathead from his friend Horace. He also stops a bank robbery in progress when he arrives, and he saves the life of young Officer Bennett (Mark Keyloun). While taking his dog, Meathead, for a walk, he runs into Jennifer (who falls off of her bicycle when Meathead barks at her). Unaware of each other's true identity, the two have a brief exchange of words and then part. At night, Callahan walks into a bar for a beer and meets the malicious Ray Parkins (Audrie Neenan), a butch lesbian. After insulting Ray, Callahan demands to know if anyone knows George Wilburn. When he tells how Wilburn died, Ray just starts a raucous laughter which pursues to a laugh riot. The next morning, another rapist, Kruger (Jack Thibeau) goes fishing at the beach. Jennifer follows him. She steps in front of Kruger, who recognizes her right before she shoots him in the groin. She then shoots him in the head, and he falls over in his chair. When his body is reported to the cops, Callahan shows up only to be shooed away by Chief Lester Jannings (Pat Hingle) for continually interfering with the San Paulo's police job. At the station, Callahan asks Bennett to find out anything he knows about the case. Harry finds a picture of Jannings's son Alby's friends on the wall, and he has Bennett investigate that too. At dusk, Callahan stops by Mrs. Kruger's (Nancy Parsons) fish market to question her about the Wilburn and Kruger murders, only to be kicked out after brawling with her brothers Eddie (Russ McCubbin) and Carl (Robert Sutton). Callahan is attacked by the surviving hitman who was hired by Threlkis, but manages to shoot him in advance after being tipped off to his presence by Meathead. Ray eventually talks to Tyrone (Wendell Wellman), another rapist, about what is happening. Tyrone disregards her warning and tells her to leave his store. Later that day, Tyrone is confronted by Jennifer in his garage. He tries to reason with her as she steps closer, her gun drawn. Realizing she isn't standing down, Tyrone grabs for his own gun, at which point Jennifer guns him down. Callahan meets up with Jennifer again, this time at an outdoor restaurant. The two talk again in a more polite manner and converse about the murders. Upon hearing Callahan is a cop, Jennifer becomes worried that he is on to her. Now with Wilburn, Kruger and Tyrone dead, Ray calls Mick (Paul Drake), the leader of the rapists, to come down for help from Las Vegas where he lives. When Callahan finds Tyrone's body, he heads over to Ray's house at night and sees Jennifer's car parked out front. Jennifer hides, and Callahan goes inside to find Ray. Mick attacks Callahan, and after a brawl, Callahan takes Mick away. Once they are gone, Jennifer sneaks into the house and confronts Ray. Ray sips a soda, and asks her, "So tell me, how's your slut sister?" Jennifer replies by shooting her in the heart, and then in the head. Meanwhile, Mick is bailed out by Eddie and Carl while Callahan returns to Ray Parkins's house only to find the woman dead. Horace is seen driving up to Callahan's motel that same night to visit him he is carrying his powerful shotgun and some alcohol. Upon arrival into Callahan's room, Horace is greeted by Mick, Eddie and Carl, who slit his throat and steal his shotgun. After buying a few beers, Callahan meets up with Jennifer late at night by the pier. The two talk and this time Jennifer invites Callahan up for a drink at her place, where he sleeps with her. After a brief sleep, Harry gets out of bed when it is still dark. In the garage he sees Jennifer's car and recognizes it as the one that was parked at Ray's house before. Harry goes to Mrs. Kruger's fish market after Officer Bennett informs him that Eddie and Carl bailed Mick out. As Callahan leaves after receiving no cooperation from the hostile Mrs. Kruger, he is ambushed by Mick, Eddie and Carl on a pier. A melee ensues with Callahan being viciously beaten and dumped into the water... his .44 Magnum handgun lost. Jennifer is then seen going to Janning's house to eliminate Alby (Matthew Child). She prepares to kill Alby only to find out that Alby is in a vegetative state just like her own sister. Jennifer is stopped cold by Jannings, who orders her to drop her gun. After doing so, Jannings explains how he covered up the rape because he was a public figure, and the guilt drove Alby insane which caused him to crash his car into a wall, rendering him a mute quadriplegic. Suddenly, Mick arrives with Eddie and Carl who take Jennifer hostage with her own weapon. As they are starting to leave, Mick shoots and kills Jannings with Jennifer's gun when Jannings tries to pull out a gun. He assures Eddie and Carl that it's a "freebie". As this is happening, the bloodied and battered Callahan returns to his motel room to find Horace's dead body, and Meathead limping after being attacked by Mick and his gang. Enraged, Callahan opens his drawer, and prepares his replacement weapon: his powerful .44 Automag handgun. He then leaves to find and kill the thugs responsible. Mick, Eddie, and Carl set to gang-rape Jennifer again at the same fairground where she was raped a decade earlier. After a struggle, Jennifer escapes and runs through the deserted fairground and seeks shelter in the carousel where she turns it on and hides in it. Fleeing from the merry-go-round, Jennifer runs out followed by Mick, Eddie and Carl, but Callahan's silhouette appears on the boardwalk... armed with the large .44 Automag. While Eddie and Carl are quickly taken down, Mick grabs Jennifer as a shield. With nowhere left to go, Mick forces her up onto the Giant Dipper roller coaster and Mick taunts Callahan, as he holds his gun on Jennifer. Harry repeats the phrase he said earlier in the diner holdup, "Go ahead, make my day." Mick gets too cocky, and Jennifer quickly punches him, giving Callahan a clear opening. He fires off four rounds, which all hit Mick. Mick stumbles backwards, crashes through the support railing and falls onto the still operating carousel, and is impaled on a unicorn's horn. Justice is finally given to Jennifer at the end of the movie. When asked by Officer Bennett about the revolver found on Mick's body... the one belonging to Jennifer... Callahan lets Mick be misidentified as the killer. He tells Bennett the gun ought to be run through Ballistics; he thinks it's the gun that killed the Chief. He knows that once Ballistics compares the bullets from Jannings, Tyrone and Kruger, Mick will be blamed for all the murders and the police will close the books on them, thus safeguarding Jennifer. As the camera pulls back, Harry and Jennifer walk slowly away down the boardwalk.
tt0078723
Action,Comedy,War
December 13, 1941. One week after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, and on a beach in northern California, a young woman, part of a 'Polar Bear' swim club, goes for a swim in the ocean alone and naked to only to find a Japanese submarine surfacing under her. She holds on to the periscope as it rises. The submarine is the I-19, and the sub commander Akiro Mitamura (Toshiro Mifune) with some of his crew arrive out on deck to survey the coastline. Accompanying them is a hard-line German naval captain named Wolfgang von Kleinschmidt (Christopher Lee). Commander Mitamura tells Von Kleinschmidt that he has crossed the Pacific Ocean with the intent to destroy something honorable on the U.S. West Coast since missing the other activities the Japanese Navy has done in the past week. The bickering German officer agrees and suggests that they travel south along the coast to a place called Hollywood located on their chart map and hope to evade detection. As the submarine prepares to submerge, a Japanese crew member looks up at the naked girl clinging to the periscope, and yells: "Hollywood! Hollywood!" At this point, the submarine crew realizes they have arrived where they intended to be, and the vessel submerges once again while the girl swims to safety. Meanwhile in Los Angeles, dishwasher Wally Stephens (Bobby Di Cicco) tells his co-worker Dennis Desoto (Perry Lang) about his plans to enter a dance contest with his ex-girlfriend Betty Douglas (Dianne Kay), against her father's wishes. Tank crew chief Sgt. Frank Tree (Dan Aykroyd), along with his crew Private Foley (John Candy), Private Reese (Mickey Rourke), Private Hinshaw (Walter Olkewicz), and Corporal Sitarski (Treat Williams) are also at Wally's restaurant having breakfast. Sitarski takes an instant dislike to Wally after they meet when Wally serves him some coffee and a scuffle breaks out as Sitarski used to be a police officer before he was drafted and recognizes Wally who served time in a juvenile hall for auto theft. The fight is broken up by Sgt. Tree who takes his men out of the diner. Wally tries to persuade his boss to let them have the night off, but when his boss refuses and Willy keeps badgering him for the night off, both Wally and Dennis get fired from their jobs. Across town, Betty Douglas, along with her friend Maxine (Wendie Jo Sperber) are in training as taxi girl dancer for an upcoming USO show at the local nightclub that has been taken over under the tutelage of USO liaison Mrs. Fitzroy. Wally and Dennis go to a local department store where Wally tries on a zoot suit to wear and seeing that he doesn't have the money to pay for it, he has Dennis sound an air raid siren in the store. In the resulting panic, Wally walks out of the department store wearing the zoot suit, while Dennis has a run-in with two attractive looking twin ladies whom he pretends to help them out. Meanwhile somewhere in Death Valley California at 12 noon, Captain Wild Bill Kelso (John Belushi), a manic US Army Air Force officer lands his stolen Curtis P-40 fighter to refuel at a local gas station where he claims to the gas matron and the patrons that he's tracking a Japanese air squadron. But when he takes off after his plane is re-fulled, he accidentally blows up the gasoline station when he drops his lighted cigar. Back in Los Angeles, the stuffy Major General Joseph Stilwell (Robert Stack) attempts to bring order to the hysteria and insanity gripping the region, while the general's new secretary Donna Stratten (Nancy Allen) as well as his assistant Captain Loomis Birkhead (Tim Matheson) have other ideas. Birkhead takes an instant liking to Donna and after learning from a colleague that Donna will only respond when she is aboard an airborne plane. At a nearby airbase, while General Stilwell gives a press conference about the impossibility of the Japanese bombing Los Angeles, Birkhead approaches Donna and takes her into the cockpit of a nearby B-17 bomber where he attempts to seduce her by simulating the plane taking off and flying. But Donna stops him by saying that it's not the same thing as being airborne and will only respond to his sexual advances in a real airborne plane. When Birkhead refuses to back away from her, she punches him, he falls back and accidentally releases a bomb door lever in which a large bomb drops out and rolls towards General Stilwell and the press conference and a panic ensues when the rolling bomb hits the stand and detonates. But all the people run to safety before it explodes. At the Douglas family home on the coast, Wally arrives to meet with Betty in his newly stolen zoot suit to ask her out, but she tells him that the club has been taken over by the USO and is accessible only to servicemen. Wally is confronted by Mr. Douglas (Ned Beatty) and his wife Joan (Lorraine Gary), where it's revealed that they are still angry at Wally since he stole and previously destroyed their car during a date he had over one year ago with Betty which landed him in jail. Betty and Maxine fall into a pit which was dug by Mr. Douglas three obnoxious and bratty younger sons whom have also gotten caught up in the war hysteria. Soon after, Sgt. Tree and the tank crew arrive to deliver a large AA gun to the Douglas property, where Corporal Sitarski also spots Betty and takes a liking to her as well. However, Maxine also spots Sitarski and takes a liking to him too, which he declines the overweight lady's offer to attend the USO show with her. When Wally attempts to persuade Betty to accompany him to the dance anyway, Sitarski and the tank crew beat up Wally and throw him in the back of a passing garbage truck. Nearby, at the home of Mr. Douglas neighbor Angelo Scioli (Lionel Stander), he has built an armored car against the protest of his nagging wife. Angelo, a former serviceman having joined the Civil Defense Force, persuades his friend Claude Crumn (Murray Hamilton) to take his friend Herbie (Eddie Deezen) to perch themselves atop a Ferris wheel at a local Santa Monica pier that Angelo owns to be air raid spotters. With rifles in hand as well as binoculars, and a telephone, Angelo puts them in on one of the Ferris wheel carts and moves the wheel to the top where Claude and Herbie will spend all day to look for approaching Japanese planes. Claude and Herbie do not get along at all because of Herbie's nagging and eccentricity, which makes matters worse when Herbie brings along a ventriquilist dummy with them where he also talks though the obnoxious and ratting dummy. Meanwhile, Japanese submarine becomes lost trying to find Los Angeles when the ship's compass is broken. Commander Mitamura sends a landing party ashore where they capture a local timber merchant, Hollis "Holly" Wood (Slim Pickens). Despite the language barrier, since none of the Japanese crew, nor Von Kleinschmidt speak any English, Hollis knows that he's a prisoner, but he also slow to understand of their destination. Upon a search of his belongings, one Japanese crewman discovers a small compass in a box of Cracker Jacks that he has. But Wood grabs and swallows the small compass rather than let it fall into the hands of the Japanese. The Japanese spend several hours torturing him by forcing him to drink prune juice to make him defecate the compass. But Wood manages to turn the tables on his captors where he manages to escape and swim ashore. In Los Angeles at nightfall, Wally arrives at the nightclub where he and several Latino zoot suit members are kept out of the nightclub by the military guards posted there. Just then, Sitarski arrives with Betty as his date and forces the guards to keep Wally and the rest of the zoot suits out. When Wally sees Dennis dressed as a sailor with the twin ladies at his side going into the USO club, he gets an idea. Wally knocks out a Shoreman Patrol officer, steals his uniform, and gains access to the nightclub where he tries to get Betty's attention by bringing her onto the dance floor. But a while dancing up a storm with Betty, gaining the attention of the MC as well as a Hollywood talent agent, a huge brawl erupts when Sitarski begins a fight with Wally, and the underwear clad Shore Patrol officer arrives which leads to a huge riot out on the streets. When Captain Birkhead learns from General Stilwell about the renegade Colonel "Madman" Maddox (Warren Oates) isolating himself at the Barstow Air Force base and having airplanes, he gets the idea of going there with Donna and stealing a plane to fly and to seduce Donna. While Stilwell goes to the local theater to watch the feature film 'Dumbo', Birkhead and Donna drive to the Barstow airbase where they nearly get shot by the lunatic Maddox's solders whom he has told that every person approaching the base is a Japanese. But both Birkhead and Donna are disappointed when Colonel Maddox tells them that he has no bombers or fighter planes at the base, only an old C-47 transport plane, which Birkhead is happy to take on the ruse that he intends to fly over Los Angeles to spot any Japanese airplanes. But when Birkhead and Donna manage to take off, they realize that the plane they are flying in does not have a radio and they have no way of contacting anyone on the ground. Shortly afterwards, Wild Bill arrives with his P-40 to refuel and learns from the insane Maddox about spoting Japanese planes all over the place. As Wild Bill prepares to take off again, Maddox asks him to fire the guns from his plane just to listen to the gunfire. Wild Bill does, and in so doing, shoots up part of the airbase's buildings, and also cutting the telephone lines, which now means that Maddox and his men have no way of contacting Civil Defense in Los Angeles to inform them about Birkhead and Donna's airborne plane, or of Wild Bill's plane as well. Back in Los Angeles, the riot between the Army soldiers, Marines, sailors, and zoot suit guys is getting worse when Sgt Tree arrives in his tank with his crew, along with the latest addition, the Negro Private Ogden Johnson Jones (Frank McRae) to disrupt the riot and he gives a speech to the rioters about them turning against each other in this time of war. Just then, Los Angeles goes to Red Alert when the Civil Defense radar stations spot an "unknown aircraft" in the air. As Birkhead and Donna fly over Los Angeles just as he finally begins to seduce her, civil defense AA batteries open fire at their plane. The chaos continues as Wild Bill flies in and joins in the chase. Wild Bill manages to hit Birkhead and Donna's plane which crash lands into the La Brea Tar Pits area. Meanwhile, Ward Douglas spots the Japanese submarine lurking off shore near his home and decides to use the AA gun left behind by Sgt. Tree to fire at it. On top of the Ferris wheel, Claude and Herbie also spot the submarine, but they accidentally drop their telephone to the ground and have no way to contact anyone. So they open fire on it with their rifles, keeping the Japanese crewmen pinned down and creating some panic for them. But Claude and Herbie accidentally shoot at Wild Bill's plane that flies overhead after mistaking it for a Japanese Zero fighter. Wild Bill's plane comes crashing to the ground at Hollywood Boulevard where he gets out and tells everyone about spotting a Japanese submarine off shore. Wally hears this and when Sgt. Tree accidentally hits his head, Wally, with Betty in tow, commandeers the tank and rides off to where Wild Bill told them about the sub's location. Left behind, Sitarski and Maxine hitch a ride with Wild Bill riding on a motorcycle and a chase through the streets begins with Wally riding the tank over a few cars and even shooting up a policeman's car after recognizing the officer as the man who arrested him. The tank crashes though a paint factory and then a turpentine factory. Meanwhile, Ward Douglas begins firing at the Japanese submarine, but destroys his house in the progress with his bad aim. When Angelo sends one of Ward's sons to the pier to rescue Claude and Herbie stuck in the Ferris wheel, the brat accidentally turns on the entire lights for the amusement park..... illuminating it for the I-19 Japanese submarine. "Fire at the industrial structure!" yells Mitamuro. The I-19 begins shelling the amusement park, not realizing its little-use potential. The Ferris wheel is hit which rolls down the pier and into the water. Claude and Herbie (as well as the dummy) manage to swim ashore. But the nervous and bickering Captain von Kleinschmidt has had enough and wants to submerge, and he draws a gun on Mitamuro. But Mitamuro overpowers the German officer and throws him overboard. Kleinschmidt manages to swim ashore where he is later captured by Hollis Wood himself (the only U.S. "victory" of the movie). When Wally and the tank crew arrive at the amusement park and drive onto the pier to open fire on the I-19. The Japanese sub turns toward the shore and fires a torpedo at the pier, destroying it and sending the tank and all its occupants into the water. Wild Bill drives his stolen motorbike onto the pier just as it collapses into the water. Deranged to the last, Wild Bill swims to the submarine and boards where he is captured by the crew. Commander Mitamuro, believing that his honorable mission has been accomplished, orders his crew to submerge and return home with their prisoner of war Wild Bill, who undaunted, he declares, "Turn this tub around! You're takin' me to Tokyo!" The following morning on Sunday December 14, General Stilwell arrives at the devastated Douglas home where he is informed by Sgt. Tree, Wally, Betty, Claude, Herbie, Dennis, plus the entire tank crew about their harrowing experiences the night before. Also in custody with Stilwell's men is Birkhead and Donna, as well as Sitarski and Maxine, as well as the captive Captain von Kleinschmidt with his former captive-turned-captor Hollis Wood, and Colonel Maddox in a straightjacket on his way to the local funny farm. Ward delivers a short and inspirational speech to those present, vowing that Christmas will not be ruined; to punctuate his point, he nails a wreath to his front door, jarring the unstable house so that it collapses and slides into the ocean. The amused Stilwell mutters, "It's gonna be a long war," and walks away as everyone begins arguing and fighting in front of the foundations of the destroyed Douglas home.
tt0087957
Drama,Music,Musical
The film opens at the First Avenue nightclub in Minneapolis where the band 'The Revolution' is playing their song "Let's Go Crazy". The lead singer, The Kid (Prince) has an energetic style that the people seem to dig. Arriving at the nightclub is aspiring performer Apollonia (Apollonia Kotero), who wants to see the manager. He's not there, so one of the ladies that works there takes down Apollonia's information. After The Revolution is done playing, Morris Day and The Time begin to play, the former having a rivalry with The Kid. The Kid lives at home with his mother (Olga Karlatos) and his father (Clarence Willliams III), a mixed race couple. The father physically abuses the mother, and strikes back at The Kid whenever he tries to defend her. The next day, Morris and the club's owner Billy (Billy Sparks) discuss getting a new group to replace The Revolution since people are getting tired of The Kid's schtick. Morris wants to organize an all-girl group, and Billy appears to be on board. The Kid pursues Apollonia. He takes her for a ride on his motorcycle and rides to a nearby lake, where he tells her he will help her break out if she gets into the water of Lake Minnetonka. Apollonia strips down to her underwear and jumps into the water. The Kid then says that it's not Lake Minnetonka. He gets on his motorcycle and begins to ride away, leaving Apollonia naked and pissed off. However, he stays and lets her climb back on. Two members of The Revolution, the assistant guitarist Wendy (Wendy Melvoin) and keyboardist Lisa (Lisa Coleman), frequently write music for the band and ask The Kid to give it a listen, but he never does and he continues to refuse to use their music, which causes tension between the band. The Kid mocks their sentiments using a puppet. Morris approaches Apollonia to join the girl group. He buys some fancy champagne and tries to convince her that The Kid can't help her kick-start her career since he can hardly get his own career off the ground. As The Kid performs, he watches the two of them sitting together. With The Revolution, he sings "The Beautiful Ones," which brings Apollonia to tears. After the show, The Kid brings Apollonia to his home. He plays a record track in his room that sounds like a woman moaning erotically, but he tells Apollonia that the woman is crying, and he is just playing the track backwards. The Kid then passionately kisses Apollonia and they make love for the first time. A few days later, Morris eventually persuades Apollonia into joining the group. She goes to The Kid's home and gives him the news. He reacts by angrily slapping her the same way his father does to his mother. The Kid learns from Billy that he plans to cut one of the acts for the club. This leads The Kid to go on a motorcycle ride to have time with his thoughts (while "When Doves Cry" plays). This is cut between moments of memories he shared with Apollonia. When he returns home, he finds his mother on the front steps crying. He enters his home to confront his father. The Kid finds him in the basement smoking a cigarette and playing the piano. He learns that his father has composed several musical pieces of his own, but he claims to have not written them down. When he asks his son if he has a girlfriend, The Kid says 'yes', and his father tells him not to get married. Back at the First Avenue, The Revolution performs "Computer Blue", with The Kid acting out like he's getting a blowjob on stage. The audience doesn't appear to be digging his music. Apollonia and Morris show up. The band starts playing the very provocative "Darling Nikki", which makes Apollonia uncomfortable and humiliated. After she leaves, The Kid goes into his dressing room and starts taking out his anger. Billy enters and criticizes him, comparing him to his father and his own failed musical career. Soon, the girl group, Apollonia 6, make their debut at the club. Their song, "Sex Shooter", is a hit, and Billy continues to hint at The Kid that they'll be taking his spot. After the show, Apollonia and Morris (who is drunk) are walking together. The Kid comes to get her on his motorcycle once Morris starts to get fresh. They ride by a bridge, where The Kid starts getting aggressive with Apollonia. She leaves him. When The Kid returns home, he sees that the place is a mess, and his mother is gone. He goes down to the basement, and his father attempts suicide by shooting himself in the head with a shotgun, but the wound only grazes his head. The medics take him away. The Kid starts raging out in the basement, whereupon he discovers his father's compositions. The following morning, he picks up a tape of a song that Wendy and Lisa wrote, "Slow Groove". It inspires him to start composing. That night, The Time plays their set to a satisfied crowd. After the performance, Morris goes by The Revolution's dressing room and tauntingly asks The Kid, "How's the family?" His buddies laugh, but Morris quickly regrets what he said. The Revolution goes up to play. Before the song, The Kid announces that they're playing a song written by Wendy and Lisa, which he dedicates to his father. The song is "Purple Rain". It thrills the crowd so much that even Billy sheds a tear. Once the song ends, The Kid goes backstage and plans to hop on his motorcycle, but he hears the enthusiastic cheering and goes back, where the other musicians congratulate him and cheer him on. He sees Apollonia as well, who appears to have forgiven him. He returns to the stage and plays "I Would Die 4 U". This is cut between scenes of him visiting his father at the hospital with his mother, as well as Apollonia visiting The Kid in the basement. The film concludes with a shot of The Kid giving the audience one more intense look.
tt0074512
Comedy,Crime,Drama
In the opening scene, "Madame" Blanche Tyler (Barbara Harris) holds a seance in the elegant Victorian home of Mrs. Julia Rainbird (Cathleen Nesbitt), the elderly matron of a wealthy family. Blanche's falsetto "trance" voice becomes a deep growl as she channels her spirit guide, Henry, who indicates a reluctant presence in the room. Julia believes it is her deceased sister, Harriet, who gave birth to an illegitimate son over 40 years earlier. His estrangement from the Rainbirds weighs heavily on Julia's conscience. She offers Blanche $10,000 to locate the missing heir, as a private investigator might draw attention to this family embarrassment. Blanche walks calmly to an awaiting taxi, driven by her boyfriend, George Lumley (Bruce Dern). Once inside, she tells him that, with the help of Henry, she has secured a lucrative assignment. George reminds her that she is "as psychic as a dry salami," and is guided by his research, not Henry. She dismisses his comments as jealousy, but asks him to continue his investigation of the Rainbirds. George refuses, until Blanche tells him about the $10,000, which puts him in an amorous mood. When he takes his eyes off the road for a few seconds, the car narrowly misses a tall blonde woman dressed in black clothing and wearing dark sunglasses. The woman (Karen Black) enters a police station with a pistol. She is given a large diamond, then hands the detectives a written note, assuring them that her hostage, Victor Constantine, will be returned unharmed. The detectives lead the woman to a helicopter. She communicates using hand gestures, and when the pilot doubts that her gun is loaded, she shoots a hole through the plexiglass. After the helicopter lands on a golf course, the woman walks to a wooded area, where her male accomplice waits with Constantine (Nicholas Colasanto). The pilot runs to the woods as the kidnappers, Arthur Adamson (William Devane) and his wife, Fran, drive away. Inside the car, Fran complains about her six-inch high heels as she removes her hat and blonde wig, but also assures Arthur that she made no mistakes. Arthur smugly reminds her that the police will be looking for a tall blonde woman. He also indicates that he is planning another kidnapping. After returning home, they clean the secret room in the basement that held Constantine. Fran and Arthur find danger to be an aphrodisiac, and before they retire to the bedroom, Arthur hangs the diamond on the crystal chandelier near the staircase, where it will never be noticed. The next day, Constantine is questioned in his office by FBI Agent Sanger (Martin West) and a few police detectives, but is unable to describe the kidnappers. Meanwhile, Blanche gives a psychic reading to Ida Cookson, a close friend of Julia's. She wants to contact Michael, the Rainbird's deceased chauffeur, who facilitated the adoption of Harriet's son. George signals Blanche from the kitchen, and she feigns a trance as she leaves the living room. He needs her car for a meeting with Vera Hannagan, Michael's daughter. At a department store counter, George, under his alias Frank McBride, Esq., questions Vera (Marge Redmond), who tells him about her father's friend, Harry Shoebridge, and his wife, Sadie, who after several miscarriages, moved to a town called Barlow Creek and adopted an infant boy whom they named Eddie. Both later died in a house fire, and the son may have died with them. George finds the graves of the three Shoebridges at the Barlow Creek cemetery, all of whom died in 1950. He asks the gravedigger why the son's stone looks so much newer than that of his parents, and why there are two graves for three people. The gravedigger ignores George's questions and returns to work. George next visits Mr. Wheeler (Charles Tyner), the engraver, who made the stone for Eddie Shoebridge in 1965. Wheeler remembers that it was purchased by a tow-truck driver, and that people blamed Eddie for the death of his parents, especially because his grave is empty. At the County Registrar's office, George learns that a mechanic named Joseph P. Maloney (Ed Lauter) applied for Eddie's death certificate, which was denied. George parks across the road from Maloney's gas station for several minutes before entering. Maloney is openly suspicious, and when George questions him, Maloney admits nothing and copies George's license plate number as he drives away. Later, Maloney appears at Arthur's jewelry store, greeting the jeweler as "Eddie." Arthur leads him to the office, assuming that Maloney once again needs money. Maloney informs Arthur of George's visit, and that he has traced the car to Blanche's address. He offers to kill George and Blanche, just as he killed the Shoebridges at Arthur's request 26 years ago. As Arthur declines the offer, he is called away by a pair of police detectives inquiring about the ransom diamond, of which Arthur admits no knowledge. When he returns to his office, Maloney is gone and the window is open. That night, Arthur and Fran drive to Blanche's home, where they overhear George and Blanche arguing about sex, the search for Eddie Shoebridge, and a large sum of money. Fran suggests that the latter might be the reward offered for Constantine's kidnappers. Later, at the Rainbird home, Blanche reveals all of the information George has gathered, with Henry getting the credit. Julia remembers that Bishop Wood (William Prince), who baptized Harriet's child, might have more information. George attends the bishop's Sunday service, as does Fran, disguised as an older woman. She faints in front of the bishop, while Arthur, disguised as a deacon, sedates him. The kidnapping proceeds without interference. In the car, Arthur expresses his lifelong resentment toward the bishop, while congratulating himself on his brilliant plan. They agree that George's presence was no coincidence, and Arthur decides to have Maloney kill George and Blanche, despite Fran's disapproval. That afternoon, Maloney calls George and Blanche, claiming to have information on Eddie Shoebridge. They are to meet him at a diner in a remote, mountainous area. Blanche insists that they go, ignoring George's reservations. They arrive at the diner and wait inside, while Maloney quietly sabotages Blanche's car outside. After several beers, they decide to leave. As George navigates the car down the winding mountain road, brake fluid leaks from the rear wheels. Blanche panics as George narrowly misses oncoming vehicles and steep cliffs before running the car off the road, where it lands on its side. Neither is injured, although Blanche is standing on George's face. As they walk back up the road, Maloney drives by, offering a ride. George declines, knowing that Maloney sabotaged the car. Maloney leaves, but quickly returns with the intent of running over George and Blanche. He swerves to avoid an oncoming car, drives off a cliff, and dies in a fiery wreck. The next day, Fran enters Arthur's jewelry store, posing as a customer. She updates him on the bishop's ransom and delivers the news of Maloney's death, which makes Arthur smile. When he demands that she collaborate on the murder of George and Blanche, she is horrified and leaves. At Maloney's funeral, George forces Mrs. Maloney (Kathleen Helmond) to reveal Arthur's true identity. George informs Blanche, who begins her search without his assistance as he has to take a day-long shift at the taxi company. When she arrives at Adamson's Jewelry Store, Blanche convinces Mrs. Clay (Edith Atwater), the clerk, to give her Arthur's home address, which she includes in a note for George. At the Adamson house, Arthur and Fran are about to deliver the bishop when Blanche rings the doorbell. Believing she has left, they continue their preparations. The garage door opens as Blanche passes, and she excitedly tells Arthur about his inheritance, until Fran opens a car door and reveals the unconscious bishop. Blanche is trapped, and after a struggle, she is sedated and locked in the secret room. The Adamsons, convinced that Blanche's whereabouts are unknown, carry on without concern. While they drive home with their new diamond, George arrives at the house searching for Blanche. He enters through a basement window and hides when the Adamsons return. George overhears Arthur's plans to stage Blanche's "suicide," despite protests from Fran. He quietly follows Arthur to the basement, where he wakes Blanche after Arthur leaves. When the Adamsons return for Blanche, she escapes and George locks them inside the hidden room. Thrilled as they are about the reward, George is sure that it would be increased if they can locate the diamonds. Blanche goes into a trance and leads George to the diamond hidden in the chandelier, convincing George that she is truly psychic. As he phones the police, Blanche winks and smiles at the viewers, thus breaking the fourth wall.
tt0086361
Drama,Music,Romance
In this sequel to 'Saturday Night Fever, set six years after the events in the previous film, former disco king Anthony "Tony" Manero (John Travolta), now age 25, has left Brooklyn and is now living in Manhattan, staying in a flophouse hotel while he works as a dance instructor by day and as a waiter at a nightclub at night, looking for his big break in the modern dance productions on Broadway. His breakaway from his Brooklyn life, dysfunctional family and friends seems to have matured Tony and refined his personality, specifically represented by his diminished Brooklyn accent and his avoidance of alcohol and swear words. But certain attitudes haven't changed, which include his womanizing skills. Tony is currently dating the forgiving fellow dance teacher Jackie (Cynthia Rhodes). He holds a double standard whereby he feels at liberty to see other women, but becomes jealous if he finds Jackie even talking with other men. Although he is envious of Jackie's modest success, Tony is baffled by her lack of ambition and tells her of his dreams of stardom. One evening, Tony attends the final performance of Jackie's latest Broadway show, and becomes entranced by Laura (Finola Hughes), the lead dancer. He flirts with Laura and she invites him to audition for her next show, 'Satan's Alley'. Jackie waits for Tony outside the theater and is angered by his interest in Laura. Both Tony and Jackie attend the audition, and while Jackie is hired immediately, Tony is told that he will be notified by telephone. Tony seduces and spends the night with Laura, but it becomes clear that Laura only intended to be involved with him for one night. She even implies that Tony used her in order to get a dance role in her latest show. The following day, Tony receives word that he passed the audition, and telephones his mother in Brooklyn, New York, to share the news. That night, he breaks a date with Jackie to wait for Laura outside her apartment building. However, he sees Laura in the company of another man, and is overcome with jealousy. As rehearsals begin for Satan's Alley, Tony berates Laura for her casual attitude toward their relationship. Tony feels used by her. She coldly dubs their relationship a mere one-night stand and justifies this by saying, "Everybody uses everybody." His attitude surprises her as she believes they were merely using each other. Jackie is unhappy by Tony breaking several promises to meet with her. Jackie is also the vocalist of a local band and, unable to trust Tony, instead presumably begins a relationship with the band's rhythm guitarist (Frank Stallone), further upsetting Tony after his conflict with Laura. Jackie, Tony, and Laura all try out for "Satan's Alley". Later, Tony ignores another date with Jackie to attend a cocktail party at Laura's apartment, but is disappointed to discover that Laura's companion for the evening is Jesse, her director. Although Jackie is in love with Tony, she can no longer tolerate his infidelity. She ends their romance, but promises to remain friends. Here, the news of the casting arrives. The others land small parts in the show while Laura is once again cast as the lead female dancer. Jackie, sick of being considered second best in Tony's eyes, finally leaves him. Tony realizes how cruel he has been to her. Tony leaves the party and walks all the way from Manhattan to his old neighborhood in Brooklyn in the middle of the night, he also walks past his former Saturday night hangout, The 2001 Odyssey Discothèque, realizing it's now an all-night gay nightclub for men. He visits his old house and meets his mother (Julie Bovasso), whom is now single since Tony's angry and unemployed father left her three or four years earlier. Tony apologizes to his mother for his selfish ways when he was young. She tells him it was the selfishness that got him out of the dead-end life in Brooklyn. Feeling better after this, Tony heads back to Manhattan to make things right with Jackie. He and the snobby Laura remain distant and hostile as the production progresses. Later, during a rehearsal, Tony notices Jesse's frustration with Butler, Laura's leading man, whose rigid dance style is poorly suited to the material. Tony begs Jackie to meet him at the studio after rehearsal, with the promise that he will keep the appointment. When Jackie returns to the studio, Tony reveals his intention to replace the leading man, and enlists Jackie's help in learning one of Butler's routines. Afterward, as Tony walks Jackie home, he declares his love for her and promises to be faithful. In the morning, Jesse agrees to let Tony demonstrate the routine, despite Laura's protests. Following an awkward first attempt, Tony runs toward the exit, but Jesse reminds him of the rare opportunity he has been given, and advises Tony to balance his arrogance with humility. Tony is allowed another chance, and after giving a flawless performance, he wins the lead role. Mrs. Manero attends the opening performance, bragging about her son to audience members. At the end of the first act, Tony taunts Laura by kissing her, and Jesse warns Tony not to bring his personal issues onstage. Following the second act, Laura asks Tony to meet her after the show, but when he declines, she insults his dancing ability. Tony proves himself in the third act by performing an unscripted solo routine, ending with a leap onto a pedestal at center stage. He beckons Laura to join him, then holds her aloft with one hand as the audience responds with a standing ovation. After the show, Tony apologizes to Jackie and the two get back together. Laura looks on enviously as Tony and Jackie kiss, but seems to accept her defeat. Following his renewed relationship with Jackie, Tony exits by the stage door to "strut" in celebration, reminiscent of the opening scene of 'Saturday Night Fever' as he walks alone through nighttime Times Square, beaming with newfound self-confidence.
tt0078480
Animation,Adventure,Drama
The story begins with a prologue, narrated by Michael Hordern, establishing the Lapine culture and mythology and describing the creation of the world and its animals by Lord Frith, the sun god. All the animals co-exist peacefully and eat grass together but the rabbits, led by Prince El-ahrairah, quickly multiply and overwhelm the other animals with their insatiable hunger. When Frith warns El-ahrairah to control his people, the prince scoffs at him, claiming that his are the strongest people in the land. In retaliation, Frith gives to each of the other animals a gift, turning them into predators, or 'elil' that hunt and feed on the rabbits. However, Frith also bestows upon the rabbits the gifts of speed and cunning, enabling them a fighting chance against their enemies. All creatures may seek to kill El-ahrairah and his descendants but, with their wits and quickness, the rabbits may survive. The film then transitions to realistic animation and brings us to the English countryside of Sandleford. Fiver (Richard Briers), a young runt rabbit with prophetic abilities, foresees the end of his peaceful rabbit warren during an afternoon grazing, or 'silflay'. He exclaims to his older brother, Hazel (John Hurt), that the field they live on is covered in blood, but Hazel acknowledges the image as a trickery of the sunset. Regardless, he agrees to take Fiver to the Chief Rabbit to see if they can have the warren evacuated. However, the Chief Rabbit (Ralph Richardson) dismisses them, saying that leaving the warren in the height of the mating season is preposterous enough without it being based on a young rabbit's prophecy. Knowing that his brother's visions have always come to light in the past, Hazel helps Fiver gather any rabbits willing to leave the warren and they all sneak away during the night. They are briefly stopped by Captain Holly (John Bennett) of the Owsla, the rabbit police force, but they manage to fight past him. As they leave the safety of the warren, they pass a sign clearly stating that the lands of their home is due for residential development. In all, eight rabbits successfully defect: Fiver, Hazel, ex-Owsla officer Bigwig (Michael Graham Cox), cunning Blackberry (Simon Cadell), small Pipkin (Roy Kinnear), storyteller and runner Dandelion (Richard O'Callaghan), old Silver (Terence Rigby), and the only female, Violet. They travel into the woods and through the night, encountering dangers such as owls and a large badger, or 'lendri'. Their curiosity is aroused when they stumble upon a road and Blackberry explains that 'hrududu' travel on it but have no interest in rabbits. He proves this by sitting still as one of them, a car, approaches and speeds on by. However, the threat of being killed by such wayward creatures is made apparent when Blackberry is nearly hit by another. A bean field provides some shelter and the rabbits are able to rest. Come morning, Fiver wakes to see Violet leave the safety of the plants to feed on grass and watches in horror as a hawk swoops down and carries her off. One less, they move along and come to a creek in time to hear that there's a dog loose in the woods. With the dog on their scent, and Fiver and Pipkin unable to swim, the larger rabbits use a plank of wood to float them across, swimming alongside. They find refuge that night within a crypt in an old cemetery but are set upon by a band of black rats which draws the attention of an owl. The rabbits escape. The following day they meet a friendly, but odd, rabbit named Cowslip (Denholm Elliott) who offers them food and shelter at his warren. The group is grateful for the hospitality they receive and all but Fiver consider remaining at the warren permanently. He senses something terribly wrong and tries to warn the others of it but they refuse to listen. He leaves in a fit, followed by Bigwig who taunts him before suddenly being caught in a snare trap. Bigwig collapses and begins to choke as the others frantically try to dig out the post the snare is attached to. He coughs blood and appears to stop breathing just as the post is removed. The rabbits mourn their loss as Fiver admonishes them: the warren is given food and protection from a nearby farmer who has laid numerous deadly snares throughout the warren as his price. After this terrifying revelation, Bigwig miraculously recovers and, on Fiver's advice, the band moves on with a new found respect for the seer's wisdom. Eventually, the rabbits come to Nuthanger Farm where Hazel discovers a hutch of female rabbits. Knowing that does will be needed to start a new warren, but deterred by the farm's dog and cat, he promises a young doe named Clover (Mary Maddox) that he will return. As the rabbits move alongside a field, they spot a fox, or 'homba', sniffing out their trail. Bigwig runs out to draw its attention away to the shelter of the woods nearby. The others hear a cry and think Bigwig has been caught but he soon returns and hurries them on, explaining that he ran into a couple of rabbits that tried to stop him despite his warning of the fox. It was presumably one of the rabbits that cried out when the fox caught up. The band continues onward until they find Captain Holly, badly injured and at the brink of death. He briefly recounts the destruction of the Sandleford warren as Fiver predicted, witnessing as the ground was turned up and how he was forced to leave his fellow rabbits within their burrows to suffocate to death by noxious fumes. He mentions a warren called Efrafa before he collapses. Once rested, Fiver leads the group to the place he envisioned, a hill called Watership Down where the rabbits discover empty burrows suitable to live in beneath the shelter of a great tree. They all settle in with Hazel informally recognized as Chief Rabbit. One day, an acerbic seagull crash lands on the warren, his wing injured and leaving him unable to fly. Hazel, seeing the potential of using the gull's skills of flight, offers to help him despite the gull's stubborn pride. Kehaar (Zero Mostel) is allowed to rest at the warren and, as Hazel hoped, notices with disdain the lack of female rabbits and 'chicks'. He berates the rabbits for not keeping a better warren but eagerly agrees to survey the area for females once his wing heals. When he manages to take flight, Hazel opts to return to Nuthanger Farm with two other rabbits to try and free the caged does. Hazel and Blackberry make it to the barn and start chewing away at the hinges to the doe's crate while Dandelion keeps watch. However, he inadvertently alerts the dog and farmer to their presence just as the crate door is broken open. The farmer wrangles up the does as the other rabbits try to escape. Hazel is hit in his hindquarter by shotgun pellets as they flee and Blackberry and Dandelion are forced to leave him behind. They return to the warren to tell Fiver of his brother's demise, sentimentally stating that the Black Rabbit of Inle, 'death', does no more than his appointed task. However, seeing a vision of the Black Rabbit, Fiver claims his brother is not dead and follows the vision to an old pipe where a trail of blood leads to Hazel, his heart still beating. Kehaar returns to Watership Down and helps remove the buckshot pellets from Hazel's hindquarters, using his beak. He speaks of the Efrafa warren nearby which houses many rabbits. Holly pipes up and warns the other rabbits not to go there; it is a dangerous warren ruled tyrannically by a chief named General Woundwort (Harry Andrews). It was Woundwort's Owsla that injured Holly and, were it not for the brave actions of a doe named Hyzenthlay (Hannah Gordon) and the appearance of one of Frith's 'messengers' (a train that cuts down pursuing Owsla), he would never have escaped. Bigwig offers to infiltrate the warren. Arriving at Efrafa as a newcomer wishing to join, he impresses General Woundwort and is offered a familiar spot on the warren's Owsla as an officer with the option of choosing a female for himself. He meets with Hyzenthlay and tells her of his free warren. In time, they recruit other defectors including Blackavar, a rabbit with several bodily scars and bitten ears, severely maimed for his many escape attempts. After meeting with Kehaar and relaying his plans to leave that very night, Bigwig is confronted by General Woundwort who overheard Kehaar's loud calls. Bigwig manages to convince him that their talk was of no concern, though Woundwort remains suspicious. That night, as a thunderstorm approaches, Bigwig takes his band of Efrafans and escapes. However, the ever-vigilant Efrafan Owsla gives chase, led by General Woundwort. A timed attack by Kehaar keeps the General at bay while the rabbits make way for the river. Echoing their earlier use of driftwood, the rabbits leap into a small boat and break off the moor just as the Owsla arrive at the banks. Bigwig and the other defectors safely drift downstream and make their way to Watership Down. However, several days later, their trail is picked up again by Efrafan trackers and General Woundwort vows vengeance on Bigwig. As an unknown to Woundwort, Hazel approaches the Efrafans to negotiate. He offers an alliance of free and independent warrens living peacefully together, but Woundwort casts his intrigue aside and dismisses Hazel, ordering him to tell Bigwig to surrender the defectors. Hazel returns to his warren and instructs all the rabbits to hole up inside their burrows and block the entrances as the Efrafans begin their assault. Panic-stricken, Fiver falls into a trance, moaning as he envisions a 'dog loose in the woods'. His sounds briefly scare the Efrafans and inspires Hazel to formulate a plan. He brings with him the fastest runners; Hyzenthlay, Blackberry, and Dandelion, and they escape the warren. Woundwort orders his Owsla to ignore them, intent on finding Bigwig whom he believes to be the chief rabbit. On their way, Hazel prays to Frith and offers his life in return for the safety of the warren, but Frith replies that it is a bargain he cannot honor. Along the way, he positions each of the rabbits at different intervals until he and Dandelion arrive at Nuthanger Farm. Dandelion exclaims that, if they succeed, theirs will be the greatest story ever told. Hazel assures him that he will be the one to tell it as he makes his way towards the farmer's dog, sleeping in its dog house. Hazel chews away at the dog's leash as Dandelion draws its attention. The dog chases after Dandelion as Hazel is pounced upon by the farmer's cat (Lynn Farleigh). However, the farmer's daughter, Lucy (Michelle Price), orders her cat to let the rabbit alone and Hazel is freed. The dog, meanwhile, is led by the rabbits in relay fashion back to Watership Dow; the plan nearly goes awry with the dog stops to urinate and nearly finds the last, and exhausted, runner before Hyzenthlay is able to get the dog's attention to continue the final leg of the relay. Meanwhile, General Woundwort makes his way inside the burrows, fiercely killing Blackavar after he attacks Woundwort in a delaying tactic. In a last-ditch effort to protect the warren, Bigwig buries himself beneath the dirt of one of the tunnels and, as Woundwort approaches, lunges out in surprise and attacks him. The rabbits ferociously bite and scratch at each other until they are both bloodied. Woundwort asks why Bigwig won't simply surrender and Bigwig responds that his chief ordered him to protect the warren. Woundwort hesitates, surprised that Bigwig is not chief and imagines that he now has a larger rabbit to reckon with. At that moment, the dog arrives at the warren and begins tearing the Efrafan Owsla apart. They all scream and scatter as Woundwort emerges out of the warren and curses them for their cowardice, claiming that dogs aren't dangerous. He then sees the dog come out from behind the tree, dropping a dead Efrafan from its mouth before it charges towards him. Woundwort fearlessly leaps to confront the dog and it is said that, after this encounter, his body was never found and he wasn't heard from again. His legacy lives on as a story that does tell to their kittens as a way to keep them obedient; that if they misbehave, General Woundwort will get them. For all the menace that tyrant was, the general opinion is that he would have found that kind of monument pleasing in its own way. In epilogue, an elderly Hazel settles in to silflay when he is visited by a shadowy phantom, revealed as Prince El-ahrairah in the form of the Black Rabbit of Inle. El-ahrairah suggests that Hazel has been feeling tired of late and offers him a place with his Owsla. When Hazel looks back warily on his family at the warren, El-ahrairah assures him that they, and future generations, will be safe. Reassured, Hazel lays down in the grass and peacefully passes away. His spirit leaves his body and follows El-ahrairah through the woodland and into the afterlife. "All the world will be your enemy, Prince with a Thousand Enemies. And whenever they catch you, they will kill you. But first, they must catch you; digger, listener, runner, prince with the swift warning. Be cunning and full of tricks, and your people will never be destroyed."
tt0095963
Action,Comedy,Crime
Captain Ivan Danko of the Moscow Militia sets a trap for Viktor Rostavili, a Georgian drug kingpin and crime lord. The ambush severely backfires; Viktor flees the Soviet Union and comes to the USA, after gunning down several other Moscow cops, including Danko's partner. Loudmouthed Chicago Police Department Detective-Sergeant Art Ridzik, investigates several local murders committed by Viktor's cartel. When Viktor is arrested in Chicago, Danko is despatched to escort him back to Moscow to face justice in the Soviet Union. Unexpectedly, Danko and Ridzik find themselves partnered together when Viktor escapes custody, gunning down Ridzik's partner in the process. Danko is frustrated when his lack of a diplomatic license prohibits him from carrying a weapon. He shares his candid observations with Ridzik: "This Chicago is very strange city. Your crime is organized, but your police is not." Danko and Ridzik pursue Viktor and his henchmen around Chicago. Finally, Danko and Viktor commandeer a couple of Greyhound buses, then engage in a high-speed chase, smashing up half of Chicago in the process, with no sign of the cops...until Viktor is side-slammed by a train. He takes on Danko in a running, Texas-style shootout (Danko uses a Smith & Wesson Model 29 .44 Magnum given to him by Ridzik); Viktor is gunned down. Danko returns to Moscow after exchanging wristwatches with Ridzik as an act of goodwill.
tt0083630
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
The gates to the city of Aruk are raised, and Maax (Rip Torn), high priest of the city's patron god, Ar, rides in with two underling priests. He goes to the central ziggurat that serves as the city's temple, and meets with three witch-women in its interior. The witches appear as shapely women with hideously disfigured faces. The witches tell Maax that he is doomed by a prophecy; he will die at the hands of the son of King Zed (Rod Loomis). Zed's wife is still pregnant with the child, and the prince will grow into a man that will kill Maax. The high priest defies the prophecy and announces that the unborn son will die. Maax sees Ar as a bloodthirsty god who demands the life of Aruk's children in sacrifice, and offering the king's son will prevent the prophecy from coming true. At that moment, King Zed storms into the temple with Seth (John Amos), the captain of the guard, and three other city guards who have swords ready. Zed has heard that Maax intends to offer innocent children in sacrifice to Ar, and he announces he won't allow it. Zed declares that Maax is to be banished from Aruk to dwell in the outlands among the barbarian Juns. When Maax boldly declares that Zed's own son must be cut from his mother, branded with the sign of Ar and sacrificed, Seth advances on Maax, sword at the ready, and King Zed warns Maax that he could have him executed for such talk. Maax looks over both shoulders at his underling priests, who hang themselves. Zed looks on this with only scorn and contempt, and orders Maax removed from the city. Maax is put on a horse and escorted out, passing by an old woman with a cow. This old woman is one of Maax's witch-women in disguise. At night, as Zed and his wife (Vanna Bonta) sleep, the witch creeps into their bedchamber. She pours a foul liquid across their throats, paralyzing them and rendering them mute. Zed and his wife awaken to find the witch focusing on the wife's pregnant abdomen, waving her hands over it. Zed's wife convulses in silent agony as the unborn baby is transferred out of her womb into the cow. Zed can only watch as his beloved wife dies from the violation, and the witch, with a dark cackle, tells him that his unborn son belongs to her, before vanishing. The witch takes the cow out into the fields, and cuts it open, extracting the baby. But as she brands the baby with the symbol of Ar, the dark ritual is seen by a passing traveler who is armed with a sword and a throwing weapon called a kapa. Despite the witch's dark powers, the traveler is able to slay her and rescue the baby. He brings the baby back to his home village of Emir to raise as his own son. The boy is named Dar, and grows into an energetic youth. His father raises and teaches him well. One day, when Dar is a youth, he and his father are practicing swordplay. His father demonstrates how to throw the kapa, and, as a prank, uses it to pluck off the headwrap of a villager named Tiis. The kapa lodges in a tree that Tiis is near, and Dar and his father laugh. But Dar stops laughing as he sees a rustle in the tree line, and then urgently tells his father to run. As Tiis tries to retrieve his headwrap, something concealed by the tree line yanks him out of view, and there are sounds of growling before Tiis is hurled back out. A huge bear has grabbed Tiis and mauled him to death, and it emerges from the tree line toward Dar and his father. Dar's father loses his balance and twists his ankle. He yells at Dar to run and save himself. But Dar slowly walks toward the bear, continuing to stare at it. Dar's father watches in wonder as the bear quietly sinks back down to all fours and turns, walking away. They can do nothing for Tiis, but Dar's father sees that his adopted son has very curious powers neither of them understand; he can touch the mind of a beast. He holds Dar's hand, where the brand is still visible, and tells him that the gods have put their mark on him, and it will be his guide until he finds out why. More years pass, and Dar is a tall, handsome, strapping man (now played by Marc Singer). Dar takes his dog, Todo, and goes out with a number of other young village men to work in a field outside the village. As the men work, Dar picks up a stick and smiles at Todo. He throws the stick for Todo to fetch. But on reaching the stick, Todo doesn't return. He stands his ground and begins to bark. At first, Dar just smiles at his pet and companion, but as Todo continues barking, Dar and the other villagers realize the dog is aware of danger. They all run up to where the dog stands. Far in the distance, a great cloud of dust and the rumbling sound of galloping horses, approach Emir; a band of marauding Jun barbarians. Dar's father and a few other village elders draw their swords and stand at the village perimeter as the Jun horde approaches, but they are quickly overrun by the mounted barbarians. By the time Dar and the village men arrive, the barbarians are attacking everyone and setting the village on fire. The terrified villagers all fight with desperation. Dar manages to grab up a sword and, picking out the Jun leader (Tony Epper), charges toward him. Another Jun barbarian comes riding up behind Dar and clubs him from behind with a flail, knocking him unconscious. The Juns proceed to slaughter all of the villages, women and children included, and even Todo, as he tries to drag Dar to safety, is hit by a crossbow bolt loosed by one of the Juns. As the Juns finish their work, Maax rides up to the village with a number of priests and flashes a terrible smile. Looking pleased, he fails to notice Dar laying on the ground just a few feet in front of his horse; the brand of Ar on his palm. Todo grabs Dar by his clothing again and resumes pulling him away. Dar slowly awakens, becoming aware of the land rushing past him as if he were a great avian in flight. He blinks, and hie eyesight refocuses and returns. He sits up and sees Todo lying near him, a crossbow bolt protruding from his side. Todo had managed to drag him to safety before collaping and dying from his wound. Dar walks in a daze among the ruins of his village; the corpses of many of the villagers have been impaled on the village's wooden beams. Perched on one of the perimeter beams is a great brown eagle. Dar locks eyes with the raptor, the two looking close at each other for a couple of moments. Dar discards his upper garment and pulls a leather gauntlet over his hand to hide the brand. He arranges all the slain villagers in a circular formation, laying Todo across the body of Dar's father, with the father's arm placed around Todo's neck. Dar burns the bodies and takes his father's sword and throwing kapa. He remembers his father's words about the mark on his hand being his guide, and that if anything happened to the father, Dar should look for their enemies, the Juns, and seek his destiny in the valley of Aruk. As Dar begins walking away from the ruins of Emir, he passes by the eagle again. Once more they lock eyes, and Dar forges a bond with the eagle, and it begins to follow him as a companion. (NOTE: though Dar never speaks a name for the eagle, we learn in the two Beastmaster sequels that the eagle was named Sherak, so that name will be used in this synopsis for the sake of uniformity). Dar runs through a shallow stream toward his clothing after having bathed. As he is dressing, two ferrets come creeping through the brush. Dar turns in surprise as the ferrets grab hold of his leather skirt and begin running off with it. Dar chases them, losing sight of them in the brush, and takes a wrong turn, tumbling from a cliff and landing in quicksand. The ferrets, curious, crawl along an overhanging branch of a tree. Dar cannot reach the branch himself, and tells the ferrets that since they got him into the situation, they need to help get him out. The little animals, of course, don't understand spoken human speech, but Dar is no ordinary human. He looks up intently at the ferrets, concentrating. One of the ferrets crawls further along the branch, weighing it down, as the other begins gnawing on it. The branch tips down enough for Dar to grab it and pull himself to safety. The ferret who had crawled along the branch, slips off into the quicksand, but Dar is able to pluck it out and rescue it. Dar names the ferrets Kodo and Podo, his newest friends. Dar continues walking as Kodo and Podo ride in his belt pouch. He pauses along a cliff to rest, Sherak landing near him. Dar starts looking around, concerned. He hears the growling of a great feline and sees several mounted Juns chasing a beast, through the eyes of the beast. He sees one of the Juns snare the beast with a heavy rope lasso, and then sees one end of the lasso tied around a heavy wooden stake driven into the ground. Running to investigate, he sees the Juns tormenting a great black tiger they've captured. Taking Kodo and Podo from his pouch, Dar tells them that the tiger should be rescued. Before Dar can throw his kapa, one of the Juns ambushes him from behind, but Dar his fast enough to grab the Jun's arm and throw him over his shoulder. They both tumble down the hillside to the ground where another Jun readies his crossbow. Dar throws his kapa, and the Jun ducks before again aiming his crossbow, but the kapa circles around like a boomerang, hitting the Jun square in the back. As another Jun rides up, crossbow at the ready, Dar gives a high pitched squawking sound toward Sherak and grabs the one he's grappling with, using him as a human shield against the crossbow bolt. Sherak then swoops down on the mounted Jun, clawing at his eyes through the eyeholes in his leather hood, causing him to tumble from his horse. The two wranglers run for their weapons, but Kodo and Podo dart forward, snatching the bolts out of their crossbows. The wranglers grab their swords and run at Dar, who kicks one away and slays the second. Dar then grabs his kapa and hurls it, cutting through the rope lasso and freeing the tiger, who shows the last wrangler what it's like to face him on even terms. As Dar collects his belongings, he pauses, looking at Sherak and the two ferrets, who are his eyes and cunning; and now having befriended the tiger, he has great strength as well. He names the tiger Ruh and sets out again. Dar happens across two beautiful young women, one blonde and one brunette, swimming by a waterfall. He's intrigued and is moved to some mischief in order to introduce himself. He sends Kodo and Podo to snatch an outer garment by the riverbank. The brunette (Tanya Roberts) runs in pursuit, but quickly loses sight of them. Suddenly Ruh comes into view and stands in front of the girl, growling. As she stares at the tiger in fear, Dar grabs her from behind, telling her that they might escape if they show no fear. He then uses his mental link to Ruh to tell him to stand down and move out of sight. Dar tells Kiri she owes him her life, but he'll accept 'this as payment,' and then kisses her. The girl trips Dar to the ground and kneels astride him, demanding to know who he is. Dar tells her his name, and that his village of Emir was destroyed by the Juns, and he's following. The girl thinks this is funny, as Dar is alone. Dar manages to roll over on top of her and asks, in turn, who she is. The girl's necklace slips from her neck as Dar rolls over. She tells him that her name is Kiri, and she's a slave to the temple of Ar's priests. Dar is horrified to find whip marks across her back and shoulders, under her garment, but she reminds him again, that she's a slave. She can't run away because the priests will kill her family. She tells Dar that he should continue following the Juns, because they will at least grant him a death more befitting a strong man, than the priests of Ar would. Retrieving Kiri's dropped necklace, Dar decides to follow her, but he's given her too much of a head start. As he looks around, trying to pick up her trail, he catches an ominous sight: a great, dark tree on a high cliff, with several cocoon-like objects hanging from it. Investigating, Dar finds the cocoon-like objects to seemingly be alive. Also hanging from the tree is a cage with a man in it, and before the base of the tree is a bird-like carving and a cauldron filled with a foul liquid. When a human head suddenly floats to the top of the cauldron, Dar turns away with disgust, and finds himself looking at several humanoids with only eyes, but no noses, mouths, or ears on their heads, and great bat-like wings wrapped around themselves. Dar draws his sword and breaks open the cage, freeing the prisoner, who tries to flee. One of the bat-bird-men unfolds its wings and envelops the prisoner. The man gives horrible muffled screams as a foul liquid pools at the creature's feet. The creature unfolds and opens its wings, and the prisoner's bones, stripped clean of all organic matter, tumble to the ground. Silently the bat-bird-men advance on Dar and Ruh, as Dar holds his sword at the ready. But as Sherak descends and lands on Dar's outstretched wrist, the bird-creatures retreat quickly. They revere birds as gods, and to see an eagle having befriended Dar means he is protected by their gods. Still wary, Dar starts to leave. One of the bird-creatures gives Dar a medallion with a bird symbol on it. Morning comes, and Dar awakens from sleep. Sherak lands nearby with a squawk. Dar understands the eagle sees something, and goes to look; he's arrived at the city of Aruk. The road into Aruk is lined with wooden poles from which hang dessicated humanoid corpses. Dar looks around with a grim expression, and tells Ruh to stay out of sight. The bridge is extended over the city moat, which is filled with tar instead of water. The gate is up. Dar enters the city and finds the streets all but deserted. He finds a robe hung outside one of the huts and dons it. Alerted to the sound of shouting, he makes his way to the great ziggurat which serves as the Temple of Ar. Maax has usurped control of the city and keeps the people in line through fear. He performs regular child sacrifices, that Ar be appeased and continue to protect the city. Dar watches in disgust as Maax holds aloft a baby boy, and casts it into a burning fire at the top of the ziggurat, as the townspeople bow their heads fearfully. Maax announces that Ar is not yet satisfied, and that another child must be sacrificed. He points, and his priests seize a baby girl as town guards restrain her parents, who scream and weep in protest. Dar pushes his way to the front of the crowd until he reaches the perimeter of soldiers, who bar him from moving further. As the girl is carried to the top of the ziggurat, Dar sees a number of slave girls standing along the steps of the ziggurat; Kiri is among them. Sherak circles the sky high above the city as Maax lifts the baby girl and makes offers of sacrifice to Ar. Dar lowers the hood of his robe and concentrates. Maax places the girl into the slope that leads down into the flames. But as the baby girl slides inexorably toward her death, Sherak swoops from the skies with a majestic cry, seizes the child in its talons and flies off with her. All of the townspeople prostrate themselves on the ground in awe, except for Dar. Kiri starts to fall to her knees when she sees Dar and looks at him in wonder. Maax notices, and looks at Dar intently. He doesn't recognize Dar for who he is, but he does understand that he controlled the great eagle. Maax watches the eagle carry the baby girl, and then looks back to where Dar was standing-- but Dar is no longer there. Looking to save face for himself, Maax points after the bird and shouts to the townspeople that Ar has spoken personally to them, saying he wants their children. Nighttime in Aruk. Dar holds a large, bulging sack, and holds Kodo over it, letting the ferret sniff the sack. Dar then sets Kodo on the ground, and it begins to scamper from house to house, looking for more traces of the same scent. The father of the baby girl sits forlornly in his house when there's a knock at the door. His dread turns to curiosity at the sight of Dar, and then to overjoy as Dar produces his daughter from the sack. The father, Sacco (Ralph Strait), pledges his gratitude and service to Dar, offering him anything. Dar decides to ask Sacco about Kiri, though he doesn't say her name; only that she is a friend. Sacco asks Dar into the house, saying he should at least have a meal. At the table, Sacco tells Dar Aruk's story: most of the young men in the city were slain by the Jun horde, which is how Maax overthrew Zed. The king is now imprisoned within the ziggurat while Maax and his witchwomen sit in the seat of power. The remaining townspeople are bred by the Jun priests so their children can be sacrificed by Maax. Dar asks Sacco again about the slave girl, and Sacco says they've been taken back to the temple to prepare them for their own deaths. The Jun horde has gone north, but Maax promises they will return. Thanking Sacco for the meal, Dar assures him that he and his family will see Dar again. Maax's witchwomen have crafted a magical ring for the Jun priests. Maax tells them to find this man, this 'master of the beasts,' and that the ring will lead them to him. Dar and Ruh are tracking the slave girls when Ruh finds a spring trickling from a tree. Taking a drink from the tree, Dar sends Ruh ahead to scout. Hiding in the tree is one of the Jun priests. The stone in the ring is actually the closed lid of an eye. The eye opens and looks on Dar, and Maax and the witchwomen can see what the eye sees, in their cauldron. The eye falls on the mark on Dar's hand, and Maax realizes the man is Zed's son. He tells the priest to kill Dar immediately. The priest snares Dar around the neck with a leather loop as the other priest, on horseback, approaches to kill Dar. But Ruh is also in the tree, above and behind the priest holding the noose. Ruh ambushes the priest, taking him down and killing him. The mounted priest takes off, and Ruh gives pursuit... and falls into a covered pit that the priests prepared for Dar. The priest aims his crossbow to kill Ruh, when he's whacked from behind by a stout wooden staff. Standing there is Seth, with a young boy in his late pre-teens. The priest tries to snare Seth, who blocks the snare with his staff, and knocks the priest into the pit, where he is killed by Ruh. Seth remarks that to face a beast on its own terms, man finds he is not so strong. Dar arrives, and draws his sword at the sight of Seth and the boy, though he does not move to attack. Hearing Ruh roaring, he moves to the pit and looks, seeing Seth saved Ruh rather than trapped him. Voicing his gratitude, Dar moves to a large log, trying unsuccessfully to tip it down into the pit so Ruh can use it to climb out. Seth and the boy help him in this task. Seth introduces himself and his companion, Tal (Joshua Milrad) as 'pilgrims' on their way to worship at the temple of Ar. Understanding what Seth means by worshipping, Dar says he is also on his way to the temple for the same purpose. Seth invites Dar to travel with him and Tal. Over a campfire, Seth tells Dar how he and Tal have spent three years, since fleeing Aruk, trying to raise an army to fight the Juns. As long as Zed lives, he still remains a symbol of hope for those trying to live free of Maax's tyranny. Tal is Zed's son, and meant to free Zed from imprisonment, and one day take the throne. Dar tells how he's always had an uncanny ability to communicate with animals, see through their eyes and hear their thoughts, as they can likewise do with him. Dar lets Tal hold Kodo and Podo, and empties out his pouch, explaining how they steal anything they find of value. Tal picks up the Jun priest's eye-ring, not knowing what it is, and Dar, also unknowing, tells him he can keep it. But also among the items is Kiri's necklace. They see it, and Seth's demeanor turns stern as he demands to know where Dar found it. Despite Seth's protests, Dar insists it came from a slave girl, and Dar is trying to rescue her before she's put to death at the temple. Seth sternly says they leave at dawn, before walking away. Tal and Seth know Kiri-- she's Tal's cousin. At dawn, Dar awakens from sleep and sends Sherak to scout. Dar crouches by a campfire, seeing all that Sherak sees. Tal and Seth awaken and understand what Dar is doing. Through Sherak's eyes, Dar sees five women in white robes surrounded by priests in red. Seth knows this means the slave girls are prepared as sacrifices. He says they must make plans in order to rescue the slave girls. Seth and Dar hijack a barge that the priests must use to cross a great lake. When one of the priests knocks Kiri down after she stumbles, and she kicks him in the groin, the priest grabs her head and pushes it under the water. Dar and Seth ambush the priests, capturing them and rescuing the slave girls. As they begin to depart, more priests arrive, firing crossbows, and Seth realizes the barge is now too heavy to get away. Kiri kicks the prisoner priests overboard and they escape. With a little 'coaxing' from Kiri, Dar agrees to help free Zed. As they begin traveling over land back toward Aruk, Seth sets out to find and rally as many people as he can find, to overthrow Maax and free Aruk. Dar, Tal and Kiri are to meet him in the Taran Valley in two nights. Night time over Aruk; Sacco steps outside his hut and sees Sherak perched nearby. Sacco frets and mutters to himself, protesting that he's a coward. But he knows and still respects his vow to Dar, and rides out in his wagon to smuggle Dar, Tal and Kiri past the guards, into the city. But the eye-ring on Tal's hand reveals their presence to Maax, who decides to prepare a welcome. Sacco tells Dar and Kiri that he'll wait for them on the ziggurat's north side. Tal, Ruh, and the ferrets go with Dar and Kiri into the temple. As Ruh scouts ahead, Dar leads the way through a corridor that looks like a potential trap; along both sides of the wall near the floor, are grated openings into some kind of prison chambers. Dar thinks he sees the glowing of bestial eyes from through the grates. Suddenly, with guttural bestial growls, numerous appendages-- or perhaps humanoid limbs-- encased in leather and wicked steel spikes, thrust through the grates, swiping madly at Dar. Seizing a chain that runs the length of the corridor from the ceiling, Dar manages to cross to the other side, safely out of reach. On the other side is a lever that, when pulled, shuts the grated openings so that Kiri and Tal can cross through as well. Tal tells Dar that those were Death Guards, a monstrosity created by Maax's priests, which explains why there were no soldiers or other guards out front. Pressing forward, they find a grate in the floor of one corridor; Kiri says that the chamber below has the keys to the dungeon cells. In the chamber, Jun Priests are in the process of preparing another death guard. Tal explains how a human man is made into a mindless monster through torture. First, the priests encase his limbs in spiked leather sheaths; spikes capable of ripping a man to pieces. Then a foul green liquid and green leeches are put into his ear canal to severely damage his brain. Finally his head is placed into a hardened leather hood with a frightening visage on the front. Stripped of all thought and reason, a death guard will mindlessly kill anything it sees; anything that moves. As Tal explains the procedure, Kiri quietly goes into a side corridor and turns a wall torch. A portion of the wall opens up into a chamber looking like a hidden armory. Tal sees where the cell keys are; Dar says that stealing is best left to thieves. He places Kodo and Podo in a loop of string, and lowers them carefully through the grate down to steal the keys. But just as the ferrets reach the keys, one priest happens to turn, and sees them. But that's the least of the problems; the death guard awakens, bursts its restraints and slaughters the priests. Its spikes snap the string, causing Kodo and Podo to drop to the floor of the cell. They are able to grab the keys and run into an air vent beside the door, but the death guard breaks the door down and madly pursues the little beasts. Despite Dar's clear concern, he assures Tal that Kodo and Podo are fast and cunning, and can handle themselves. They need to proceed with the rescue. Kiri emerges from the armory, now wearing leather boots and a leather girdle with a dagger tucked into it. Tal explains to Dar what Kiri truly is; a Trov warrior, an ancient sect of protectors for Aruk. The ziggurat used to be their home. Kiri is a skilled tracker, and can find the cell where Zed is imprisoned. Arriving at the cell, they find it unlocked. As Kiri and Tal enter the cell, Dar turns; he senses that Ruh has caught up to them, but hasn't come into sight yet. He cautiously starts toward an intersection... nearly walking into an ambush; when in fact it is the ambushing priest that is about to get ambushed, by Ruh, who kills him. Satisfied, Dar hurries back to the cell where Kiri and Tal are tending to Zed. Zed is now old, gray, haggard and feeble... and blinded by Maax's priests. The door to the cell suddenly closes; through the small grate in the door, Maax and one of the witchwomen are visible. The witch assures Maax that Dar is the one of whom the prophecy spoke, and Maax decrees they will all be sacrificed in the morning. Ruh comes charging down the corridor, and Maax and the witchwoman hurriedly enter the cell, closing the door behind them to keep Ruh out. Maax orders the witchwoman to kill Dar. Dar draws his sword and squares off with the witchwoman, who flicks her fingers and makes a flash that blinds Dar. Tal runs at Maax and tries to hit him with his fists, but the youth is still not grown or strong enough to hurt him. Maax pulls a knife and holds it at Tal's throat to keep Kiri at bay. Hissing malevolently, the witchwoman backs against the wall and begins to slither up it, and onto the ceiling, preparing to drop down on Dar from above. But Ruh can still see through the grate, and while Dar is still blinded, he can see through Ruh's eyes. He thrusts his sword straight up and then turns in a half-circle, killing the witchwoman. In the distraction, Kiri pulls a slim silver chain from a wrist bracer and snares Maax's knife hand, forcing him to drop the knife. Ruh breaks down the cell door and advances threateningly on the high priest, roaring. Knowing he cannot face down the mighty beast while alone and unarmed, Maax drops down into a hidden back corridor and escapes while Tal tends to Zed. The old king is coming to; he's still alive, still aware, and he assures Dar he can walk. Meanwhile, the death guard continues its pursuit of Kodo and Podo. The clever ferrets run through old pipes along the walls, but the death guard is relentless; when they run underneath a gap at the bottom of a closed door, the death guard simply smashes it apart. Kiri leads the group to a chamber at the bottom of the ziggurat. Tal turns a lever that lifts a heavy stone carved into a skull shape, that conceals a stairway out of the temple. Dar tells Ruh to go first, and to protect Tal, Zed and Kiri while he covers their escape. Kiri begs Dar to come with them, as the stairway is the only means of escaping the city, but Dar says he can't leave without Kodo and Podo. Alerted to the sound of banging, Dar returns to the door. Half a dozen Jun priests with long knives are searching for him. Seeing him peering through the door, they charge at him with bloodthirsty yells. Dar closes and bars the door, and cuts the pulley to drop the skull-stone back over the stairway entrance. This door also happens to be where Kodo and Podo are running toward; still hauling the cell keys with them. They run under the feet of the priests and under a gap in the door, and the priests all turn and scream in terror as they see the death guard running straight toward them. Kiri returns as Dar collects Kodo and Podo. Gathering the rope from the pulley, she tells Dar they can use it to escape via the air shaft. The death guard smashes through the door and mindlessly pursues Dar and Kiri through the shaft. As they climb down the cliffside with the aid of the rope, the death guard swipes madly at the rope with its spike-shod arm. Sherak flies at the death guard, clawing at its hooded head with his talons. The death guard leans too far out of the shaft and plunges to its death. The rope breaks and Dar and Kiri fall-- but Sacco is there, and their fall is broken by the soft hay of his wagon. Sacco snaps the reins for the wagon's horse, spurring it into a run toward the city gates; but Maax has put the gate guards on alert and it is closed. Dar asks if the gate has a counterweight; when Kiri tells him that it does, he puts Kodo and Podo in another loop of string and has Sherak carry them up to the top of the gate tower to gnaw through the heavy ropes that control it, so that it will raise. As the ferrets get to work, Dar and Sacco hear the sounds of monstrous growling. Three death guards are running madly toward them, spurred by a mounted Jun priest wielding a whip. Dar tells Sacco to start full speed for the gate; their only hope is to trust that Kodo and Podo will get it open. The guard in the tower turns and notices Podo gnawing the control ropes. Raising his sword, he takes hold of the ferret's tail and repositions it for a killing blow. Seeing this, Kodo creeps under the guard's skirt and delivers a punishing bite right where it will do the most hurt. Screaming, the guard reflexively brings his sword down, cutting the rope the rest of the way so that the gate's counterweight starts to pull it up. Sacco reaches the gate just as it raises enough so that his wagon can pass through. As they reach the gate, Dar swings his sword and cuts the counterweight rope. The death guards try to slide under the gate, but are not fast enough, and it crushes them all beneath it. Kodo and Podo drop down from the top of the wall into the hay of Sacco's wagon, and he rides off. Everyone is gathered together at the Taran Valley. Seth has put together thirty-five warriors. Zed's spirit is still as strong as ever, but he has become far too single-minded in his desire for vengeance, for his own good. When Dar issues a warning that killing Maax and his priests will only incur the wrath of the Jun horde, and more soldiers are needed to counter this, Zed calls him a freak and shouts that he needs no cowards beside him. Zed's rejection hurts Dar badly, and he leaves the camp with Ruh, a tear rolling down his face. Sitting on a rock, Dar scrawls a rough outline of a circle with a line through it; a symbol of his home village of Emir. Kiri comes up to him, though only for a moment's comfort; she is honor-bound to her duty to Zed, and she cannot speak against or defy her uncle and king. She sadly tells Dar that nobody will oppose Zed after he cast Dar out. Zed is more than just a deposed king; he's still the people's symbol of hope. As Kiri returns to camp, Zed is starting to outline a plan of attack on Aruk to defeat Maax. Tal has dozed off, and the eye-ring on his hand opens. Maax flashes an evil grin as he listens to Zed's attack plan. Seth turns, and notices the open eye in the ring. Maax's grin vanishes as the eye turns toward Seth, and it's clear he sees it and understands what it is. Seth grabs a small stick from the campfire and presses it into the eye, putting it out, before pulling the ring off Tal's hand and tossing it into the campfire. He tells Zed that Maax has overheard the whole conversation and knows the attack plan, and will be prepared. But so utterly single-minded is Zed that he cannot see any turn of events other than total defeat and death for Maax. Seth knows better; it is his forces that will face this fate. Dar awakens in the morning; his animal companions at his side. Looking around, he senses trouble. Getting to higher ground, he sees Sacco riding on a horse, leading another. Dar calls out to Sacco, who tells him that the attack on Maax failed; Zed, Tal, Seth and Kiri were all taken alive, and are set to be sacrificed at the temple of Ar at sunset. Dar quickly mounts the second horse and rides with Sacco back to Aruk. At the temple of Ar, Maax and the last surviving witchwoman stand atop the ziggurat as a wagon brings Seth, Tal, and Kiri. All three are dressed in sacrificial robes; their hands tied with leather strips. Kiri is pulled out of the wagon and dragged up to the top of the ziggurat. Beside the sacrificial fire pit, Zed is tied to a chair. Maax tells the people of Aruk that Zed has defied the will of Ar, and now he and his kin will die. Dar rides into Aruk just as the priests drag Kiri to the top of the ziggurat. The crowd quickly parts as he rides straight for the ziggurat. He tosses his pack into the wagon, and Kodo and Podo dart out, chewing through the leather thongs that bind Tal and Seth. Dar storms the ziggurat, attacking any guards or priests in his way. Sacco and the townspeople throw a sword and staff to Seth and Tal, who join in the battle. Ruh leaps at a guard, who drops his weapon and backs against the wall of the ziggurat, screaming in fear before he is mauled to death. Kiri is thrust down onto the ziggurat as she continues to fight. She bites one priest's hand and starts to break free, before she is clubbed on the head with a sword pommel and knocked out. Maax raises his knife to kill Kiri, but the shouts of the townspeople alert him that Dar is almost at the top of the ziggurat, and all of the townspeople themselves are starting to grapple the guards, wrestling them for their spears. The witchwoman tells Maax that he is doomed; the unborn son has come for him. Maax raises his knife again, but Dar is at the top of the ziggurat, starting to cut through the priests. Maax goes to Zed, holding his knife at the king's chest. Dar finishes all of the priests and swings his sword menacingly in front of Maax. Holding the knife, Maax then reveals to both Zed and Dar that they are father and son; Dar is the unborn child stolen from his mother's womb. His eyes wide, Dar puts his sword down on the floor of the ziggurat roof. But despite this, Maax kills Zed with a rake of his knife through the king's chest, and then lunges at Dar, grappling with him. Fighting his way back to his feet, Dar forces Maax's arms around and down, driving Maax's own knife into his stomach. Retrieving his sword, Dar turns to the last witchwoman, who cowers beside a stone urn. As Dar advances on her, the witchwoman turns away. Dar thrusts his sword at her back, but her cloak is empty; Dar sees a white bird flying away. Dar goes to Kiri, who recovers consciousness and smiles at him. Lifting her in his arms, Dar goes to the edge of the ziggurat's top. Seth, Tal, and the townspeople overpower the remaining guards and rush up the ziggurat in triumph. Maax is overthrown. The townspeople cheer in victory. But in fact, though grievously wounded, Maax is still alive. Pulling the knife from his stomach, he struggles to his feet and staggers toward Dar from behind, intent on killing him. Kodo and Podo have scampered up the ziggurat and reached the top. Maax is almost on top of Dar, who remains unaware of the high priest. Kodo doesn't think twice. Leaping as high as he can, the ferret lands on Maax's shoulder, biting his neck. Maax screams in agony, clutching at Kodo-- and loses his balance, tumbling into the sacrificial fire, taking Kodo with him. Shouting in desperation, Dar darts toward the fire, but cannot reach into it. Kodo is lost. Podo peers sadly into the fire at the loss of its mate before Dar picks the ferret up and holds it against his chest. From his vantage point, Tal sees something on the horizon. A huge dust cloud is moving slowly but inexorably toward Aruk. As Maax had foretold, the Jun horde has returned to Aruk. Seth tells Tal that it's his decision on whether to fight or flee. Tal looks at Dar. Holding Podo close against him, Dar tells the people that it's time to stand and fight. Preparations are made with speed. The bridge is pulled back, and the townspeople furiously shovel dirt over the moat to cover it so that it appears as solid ground. Meanwhile, Dar sits on the steps of the ziggurat. He pulls out the medallion given to him by the bat-bird-men and looks at it. Calling to Sherak, Dar tosses the medallion to the eagle and sends him to the great tree to summon aid. It is night time. The townspeople anxiously wait the arrival of the Juns. As the rumbling of the horde's horses grows louder, Dar mentions to Seth that tar was a rite of manhood and test of strength in Emir. Hopefully the Juns will fail. The Jun horde rides into view, stopping a few dozen yards short of the wall. The people of Aruk and the Jun barbarians stare each other down in a tension filled moment. Then the Jun leader silently raises his massive greatclub and points toward the town, signaling the Juns to attack. The Juns ride forward, slaughter on their minds. Seth's plan pays off as the Juns ride straight into the moat; their horses falling into the tar. The people of Aruk cheer. A lookout just in front of the gate lights a torch and runs to light the moat aflame. But although mired in tar, the Juns are far from down. They begin loosing bolts from their crossbows, taking down the lookout and a sentry perched atop the town gate. Tal runs to the fallen lookout, grabbing his torch, only to be wounded by another crossbow bolt. The wounded sentry manages to release the gate controls to close the gate. Dar and Kiri roll underneath and clear before it closes. As Kiri tends to Tal, a Jun barbarian climbs out of the tar and advances on her, sword raised to cleave her in two. Kiri grabs the torch and thrusts it at the Jun, setting him aflame. Dar runs at the burning barbarian and kicks him back into the tar moat. Sheets of flame roar out across the moat as the tar is ignited. Seth climbs over the gate, joining with Dar and Kiri. More Jun barbarians crawl out of the burning moat; some still riding on horseback. Dar, Kiri and Seth fight with all their fury and strength, taking down several Juns. But still more crawl out of the moat and surround them on all sides, driving the three until they are back to back to back. The Juns fence and poke at them with their swords, looking for openings. The Jun leader spurs his horse, leaping over the burning moat and into the fray. The Jun soldiers part way for him, Pointing his massive greatclub, the Jun leader challenges Dar to single combat. The Jun leader's greatclub has two small blades at the heavy end protruding to either side, and he can detach the pommel to swing the weapon as a flail. He bashes downward and the blade gets stuck in the bridge. Drawing a sword, he picks up the fight. Leaping off the bridge, Dar tackles the Jun leader off his horse and retrieves his sword. Their blades clash and the Jun leader grapples with Dar, slamming him against the bridge so that his sword goes flying, and then throwing him to the ground and retrieving his greatclub. The Jun leader whirls the massive greatclub around by the pommel and chain, again bashing downward, and again one blade lodges in the bridge. Dar stuns the Jun leader with several kicks and grabs the Jun leader's legs, taking them out from under him. As the Jun leader falls, the other blade of his greatclub lodges in his back. The wounded leader struggles to his feet, but Dar looses a swinging round kick to his helmeted head, knocking him down, and then grabs his arm, using it to fling the Jun leader into the flaming tar. Recovering his sword, Dar makes his way back into the circle, back to back to back with Seth and Kiri. The remaining barbarians seem ready to descend on the trio and finish what their fallen leader started. Enough Juns remain that the death of Dar, Kiri and Seth seems certain, no matter how many Juns they take with them. Sherak swoops down, landing on Dar's arm. The rustle of wings signals the arrival of the bat-bird-men. Opening their massive wings, they each envelop a Jun barbarian, devouring their victim. The bat-bird-men rout the remaining Juns; a scant few barbarian survivors fleeing. The leader of the avian humanoids looks at Dar, giving him a small nod before leading his own people back home. The gate is raised and Dar, Seth and Kiri pull a wounded Tal back into the city. The people of Aruk cheer in victory. Some time later, Dar is preparing to leave Aruk. Tal is healing well, although one of his arms will be weak and difficult to use for some time. Dar gives something wrapped in leather to Seth, as a gift to the new king. Seth suddenly grabs Dar's hand, looking closely at the mark there. The brand is a rough likeness of the front face of the temple ziggurat. Having been there when Maax made the pronouncement, Seth knows what the mark means. He tells Dar that he is the rightful king, as firstborn. But Dar has not led a life appropriate to a future ruler. He can't be tied down to a throne. He is sure that Tal will be a great leader, for he already has the best right hand that one could ask for. Dar and Seth clasp forearms in farewell. A number of villagers watch as Dar and Ruh walk side by side toward the gate. As the two pass through the open gate and out of Aruk, Kiri is seen running after Dar. Tal takes the gift Dar left him to the ziggurat temple. Wrapped in the piece of leather is Dar's throwing kapa. Sherak is perched on a totem atop the ziggurat. Seth comes up beside Tal, and the two of them, and Sherak, all look into each other's eyes for a brief moment, before the eagle takes flight again, to rejoin his master. As Dar stands on a high bluff, Kiri comes up behind him. Whether she is bidding him farewell or choosing to go with him is left for the viewer to decide. Kiri kisses Dar passionately as Podo pokes its head out of Dar's belt pouch, sniffing noses with Ruh. Two baby ferrets borne by Podo follow suit. The last shot is Kiri and Dar kissing, from Sherak's birds-eye view as he circles high above.
tt0105104
Action,Crime,Thriller
International terrorist Charles Rane (Bruce Payne) is about to undergo plastic surgery to change his appearance in order to evade the law. Outside, federal agents and SWAT teams close in to arrest him. It becomes apparent that the plastic surgeon and his staff are in on the plan. Rane becomes suspicious and makes his escape, killing the surgeon in the process. After a harrowing chase through the city streets, Rane is finally apprehended. Haunted by the shooting death of his wife in a robbery, former police officer John Cutter (Wesley Snipes) has taken a job training flight attendants and security personnel in how to deal with dangerous situations including terrorists. During this particular session, his student is Marti Slayton (Alex Datcher), a flight attendant. When Marti disobeys his instructions, the pair have a brief confrontation. After class, Cutter sees an old friend, Sly Delvecchio (Tom Sizemore), who is there with a job offer: vice-president for the anti-terrorism unit at Atlantic International Airlines, a major carrier. Cutter is at first reluctant, but Delvecchio and the airline's president (Bruce Greenwood) manage to win him over during lunch. Cutter boards Atlantic International Flight 163 to Los Angeles... and his new job. By coincidence, one of the flight attendants on this flight happens to be Marti. Also on board is Rane, in FBI custody, headed to Los Angeles to stand trial for his terrorist activities in the past. Several of Rane's people are aboard the plane, disguised as cabin crew and passengers. When Marti performs a head count after boarding is complete, Cutter happens to be passenger number 57. Mid-flight, Rane is freed when Sabrina Ritchie (Elizabeth Hurley), disguised as a flight attendant, shoots both FBI officers dead. Several other henchmen concurrently spring into action, stealing weapons from the dead officers and taking the plane's passengers hostage. Cutter, in the lavatory during the takeover, emerges and overpowers one of Rane's men. However, Rane responds by executing one of the passengers with a Berreta M9 pistol, making Cutter feel responsible for the man's death. During the confrontation, Cutter and Marti manage to escape, taking the elevator to the plane's lower deck. After a brief fight with one of Rane's men down there, Cutter initiates a fuel dump which forces the Tri Star Lockheed L-1011 to land at a small Louisiana airfield. Cutter manages to escape from the plane, but Marti is captured by another of Rane's men. On the tarmac, Cutter is quickly apprehended by local sheriff's deputies. Meanwhile, Rane has made contact with the local sheriff, Chief Biggs (Ernie Lively). Rane promises to release half the hostages in return for fuel and takeoff clearance. Rane also tells Biggs that Cutter is one of his men, a deserter. When the deputies bring Cutter before Chief Biggs, Biggs orders him taken into custody. As the passengers are being released, Rane and two of his men make their escape. Cutter overpowers the sheriff's deputies, frees himself from his handcuffs, and gives chase on a police motorcycle. Meanwhile, a team of FBI agents arrive, headed by Dwight Henderson (Robert Hooks), who angrily informs Chief Biggs of Cutter's true identity. At a nearby fair, Cutter manages to kill one of the henchmen and engages Rane in a fight just as police reinforcements arrive. Though back in custody, Rane tells the FBI and police that his remaining team aboard the plane will begin to execute the rest of the hostages if he is not returned to the plane and granted takeoff clearance. Cutter, Henderson, and Chief Biggs work out a plan for FBI snipers to take down Rane as he boards the plane, upon which FBI teams will storm the plane and deal with his remaining underlings on board. As Rane boards the plane with an FBI escort, Cutter gives the order to fire. However, the sniper bullets hit Rane's FBI escort, not Rane. Rane's second henchman has taken the place of the FBI snipers (who are shown lying unconscious or dead behind him), and he begins firing at the assembled police and agents. He is killed during the gunfight, but not before Rane makes it safely aboard and the plane begins to take off. With the help of Chief Biggs, Cutter barely manages to get aboard the moving plane via its landing gear. Once aboard, he quickly dispatches Rane's remaining two henchmen, then engages Rane in a prolonged fistfight. Gunfire in the cabin causes explosive cabin decompression, resulting in the main cabin door exploding outward, leaving the cabin open to the sky. As Cutter and Rane continue to fight, they head closer to the open cabin door. Cutter eventually kicks Rane out through the open door, and Rane plunges to his death. The plane lands safely at the Louisiana airfield for the second time that day. Amid congratulations and celebration, Marti and Cutter make their quiet escape into the distance hand in hand.
tt0105415
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The story concerns a small group of 20-somethings who live and work in Seattle. Some of them are friends, even close friends, while others are acquaintances who inhabit the periphery of the plot. Linda Powell works for an organization that deals with environmental concerns. She meets a young U-Dub (Univ of Washington) student, Luiz, who is a foreigner. She's flattered by the attention and the two begin dating. Linda is quite happy, telling a friend that the relationship feels new and exciting and that she and Luiz don't seem to be hindered by the usual problems that couples faced or that she faced in the past. She goes so far as to give him the remote control for her garage parking space, saying he's always welcome. At a later point, Luiz tells her he's having problems with his student visa and has to leave the country for a few days to straighten it out. Linda goes out to a rock club with her friend and spots Luiz at the bar with another woman. Linda leaves upset, being consoled outside by her friend. We're introduced to Steve Dunne while he talks to the audience in his kitchen. Steve lives in an east side apartment building where several of the story's other characters live. Steve laments a recent breakup with a girlfriend and relates a few anecdotes about his own life like the time a doctor tried to explain how couples have children or how his father told him "Have fun, stay single", when Steve was only eight years old. Steve works for a firm that does city planning and hopes that one day his ambitious personal product of building a luxurious commuter train for the city's workforce may be a way to solve the problems of pollution and traffic problems created by drivers. By chance, Steve sees Linda in a rock club and approaches her. Over the din of the live band, Alice in Chains, he tries to convince her he's not a sleazy guy looking only for sex by saying that he doesn't have an "act". She counters, saying that "not having an act *is* [his] act." Steve walks away rejected. A few days later, while at a magazine rack with his friend Dave, Steve bumps into Linda again and the two have a conversation. They go on a date and seem to enjoy each other's company, however, Steve, feeling somewhat doubtful and insecure, doesn't call her back for four days. He still convinces her to give him one more chance and while talking at Steve's apartment, Steve tries to give her the remote to his garage parking space. Linda is immediately defensive, saying she has to leave, reminded of how she gave her remote to Luiz. She goes home and as she's settling in, Steve rings her doorbell. Overwhelmed, Linda jumps into his arms and kisses him, taking him upstairs to her place. The two have sex and become more serious about each other. After a few weeks, Linda drops a bomb: her period is late. Steve buys several home pregnancy tests and the results come back positive. Steve asks her to marry him. Linda has her doubts and leaves her answer ambiguous. While driving, Linda runs a red light and is violently broadsided by a pickup truck. She goes into shock after a few moments and wakes up in a hospital room with minor injuries, however she has lost the baby. Depressed, she decides to tell Steve she's going to Alaska for a few weeks for her job. The two don't acknowledge it right away, but they're breaking up. Steve becomes very depressed but still soldiers on with work. One of the mayor's aides gets him lunch with the mayor where Steve can pitch his commuter train. The mayor coldly rejects the proposal outright, saying he's seen such ideas before and that Seattlelites love their cars too much. Steve becomes more depressed than ever, quits his job and holes up in his apartment which soon becomes a nightmare of strewn trash and unopened mail. Janet, one of his neighbors and a good friend, visits him and tells him that he needs to snap out of his depression before it consumes him. She gives him a secret knock to let him know she'll be checking up on him in the future. Steve begins to clean up his place and look for another job. While waiting for a response to one of his applications, Janet's secret knock sounds at the door. He opens it to find Linda standing there. She's willing to give their relationship another try. Janet Livermore is a 23-yr-old who works in a downtown coffee shop. She has a boyfriend, Cliff Poncier, the lead singer of a local rock/punk band called Citizen Dick. Cliff works three jobs between gigs, is very dedicated to getting his band a recording contract (even though they're not very popular in the Seattle music scene and often receive negative reviews both for live performances & a recently recorded album) and isn't very attentive to Janet, who's crazy about him. Janet becomes somewhat obsessed with her breast size, especially since Cliff decorates the walls of his apartment with posters of big-breasted women. She asks Cliff if her breasts are too small & he gives her an honest "Sometimes." She makes an appointment with a plastic surgeon and the two work out a computer model of what size she'd like to be. When she goes for the procedure, Steve takes her and she tells him what she's looking for in a man; someone who has their own place, a steady job, is responsible and appreciates her and who'll say "God bless you" when she sneezes. Steve tells her it's a "tall order" and she says she's narrowed the list down considerably to someone who will say "God bless you" when she sneezes. She later puts Cliff to that test, issuing a fake sneeze while sitting next to him and he coldly hands her a box of tissues asking her not to get him sick before his next gig. The doctor surprises her with what he calls a first of his career: he tells her he thinks she doesn't need the surgery and that if Cliff can't appreciate her for who she is then he doesn't deserve her. He also tells her he's attracted to her but she very kindly turns him down, saying he's a doctor and handsome and should be able to attract lots of beautiful women. Janet decides to break up with Cliff and makes the best of her single life, regrouping and enjoying her solitude. Cliff tries to win her back by placing rose petals arranged in her name in her kitchen and putting a new stereo in her car. (When Cliff demonstrates how the remote works, he turns the volume up so loud that it shatters all the windows in the car.) Another of Steve's neighbors, Debbie, is also looking for love and romance and uses a gift certificate she'd gotten from her friends for a video dating service -- they originally got it for her as a gag gift. A budding socialite, Debbie has the video made (the director is played by Tim Burton in a cameo) and receives videos from several candidates, some of whom are desperate, others who are pretentious. She narrows the field to one guy, Jamie, who is a bike riding enthusiast and seems genuine. Debbie goes a overboard, buying an expensive bike, a gaudy riding outfit and makes a date with Jamie at a posh waterfront restaurant. On the big day, however, Debbie goes to the wrong location of the restaurant and misses Jamie entirely. She rides home to see if Jamie left any messages and finds him there talking happily with her roommate Pam, whom he knew from college. Debbie is immediately jealous and accuses Pam of stealing her date. Since Pam has never been very fond of Debbie, the two start a loud argument that Jamie overhears. Debbie demands that Pam pay her money equivalent to the cost of the video. Jamie decides to retreat from them both. Spurned, Debbie takes a vacation she'd been planning in Cabo San Lucas. On the flight down she sits next to a precocious pre-teen boy who hits on her. When the flight lands, she meets the boy's single father who compliments her gaudy earrings and Debbie is immediately floored. The two hit it off and begin a long distance relationship that seems promising. Cliff helps Debbie move out when she and Stu decide to move in together. Cliff eventually realizes that he can only win Janet back if he treats her better. He leaves a message on her answering machine, singing a new song he'd written for her. He meets her in the elevator of the building when they're both going out for the evening. He compliments her, sounding very sincere. When she suddenly sneezes, he says "Bless you". The two of them embrace passionately. The film ends with an overhead shot of the apartment building that zooms out to show the Seattle skyline with dozens of young voices chattering about love, relationships and complaints.
tt0091223
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
A dettached house is shown with eerie music. A careless boy who hits the fence with his moped brings a bag of groceries into the home. The grocery boy (James "Jim" Calvert) calls for Mrs Elizabeth Hooper (Susan French), saying that he'll collect the money next week. the boy thinks he has heard some noise upstairs so he goes up, making a comment on his way -"yawk"- about a painting on the wall. He peers onto a room, and hears a soft thud. He enters on a second rooms and looks at Mrs Hooper, who has just hanged herself. At the funeral, the priest (Billy Bekc) is giving out his response. A man (Bill McLean) tells Roger Cobb (William Katt) that his aunt was not crazy. The man points to his wimpering wife, saying that she is truly mad, but not Mrs Hooper. Cut to a store where Roger is signing autographs to buyers of his shocker book - the novels Rob Cobb writes as supposed to be thematically similar to Stephen King's first horror novels. All the fans are a bit of a nerd/weirdo: the punk; the talkative spinster (Mindy Sterling) who is more interested in knowing whether he is married to Sandy Sanclair (Kay Lenz), the movie star, than in buying the book; the fan (George Wendt) who is disappointed when he hears that Cobb's next book is going to be about his experiences as a veteran in the Viet Nam war; the cheesy high-school football player (Jayson Kane). Roger says that he's now divorced from her, but the spinster keeps on talking about how wonderful and talented Sandy Sinclair is as a young actress. Frank McGraw (Steve Susskind), Cobb's publicist and friend, tells him that his fans want to buy and read the same type of novel he's produced before, but Roger insists: he really needs to write the Nam book. Back home, on his own, Roger prepares himself to defrost a pizza, putting it into the microwave without even tearing the package open. Roger stares at the blank page, so he goes to the phone instead, but the investigator hasn't been able to find any new information. Sandy phones Roger from a phone booth: she's lost a nomination to an award. Roger pretends like he's with somebody else in a party. Roger consoles her briefly and then mentions that he's writing another book, to what Sandy reacts with happiness. Sandy is sad to hang up, but she smiles to cheer the pararazzi and the crowd. That night, Roger is having a restless sleep. He wakes up with a nightmare: he is playing close to a cross indicating a tomb, all on his own, and all of a sudden, a rotten dead arm springs from the dirt. Roger wakes up in horror. Right afterwards, Roger receives another call from a realtor, saying that he's inherited his aunt Elizabeth's house. Roger goes to his closet and packs, in spite of Sandy's concerns about Roger going back to that home. Chet Parker (Michael Ensign) shows him around the home, which will be auctioned. Parker also sees possibilities in auctioning some of the furniture and bric-a-brac. Right afterwards, Roger is pruning some bushes, and his son Jimmy (Eric Silva & Mark Silva) is playing on his own with toy cars. A second later, Jimmy has disappeared, leaving the toy cars there. Roger calls out for him everywhere, Sandy goes to the door to help him, but the car leaving through the other end of the street looks to be too far away to have anything to do with Jimmy's disappearance. Roger sees a boy on the pool splashing the water. Without a doubt, Roger jumps in, but nobody - apart from himself - is there. All this is remembered by Roger while Parker talks on and on about the home. Parker thrusts an air-shotgun arrow at him carelessly. Both men stare at a weird painting of an elderly woman resembling the late aunt about to enter a lighted passage. Parker can't believe that the house has got an omen, as Roger says. Roger keeps on remembering - the police have no clue. Aunt Elizabeth looks a bit mad when she says in front of the police women that the house took Jimmy. Sandy runs away from the room crying. The police officers (Alan Autry & Steven Williams). Finally, being on his home at the house, Roger starts to think that he can hear something upstairs, and as usual, he goes to take a look. He looks at Jimmy's bedroom, and in Aunt Elizabeth's room, he watches her hang herself again. She encourages him to leave while he still can. Roger has a medicine box full of pills, but for now, he won't take any. Next morning, a dog is spreading all his rubbish. He watches his neighbour Tanya (Mary Stavin) jogging, an attractive woman. His neighbour on the house of the left, Harold Gorton (George Wendt) talks to him, and invites him to have some beer. Harold is a fan of him. As they don't have a pen there, Roger will sign an autograph for him later on. Roger goes back to writing at night. He remembers about Nam. His lieutenant (Dwier Brown) wakes Roger up, and Big Ben (Richard Moll) expresses his wish to be done with Nam as well. The Lieutenant is distributing Fitzsimmons (Joey Green), Cobb and Big Ben in attack formation for the impending one they are about to launch. Big Ben realises that a grenade was thrust at them. Shooting and mayhem ensue, and Big Ben stands tall to shoot the Nam soldiers back. He is supposedly killed in action at that moment. -- We realise that it's not only a rememberance; Roger is finally! writing the Nam war novel he wanted to write. There is a moment in which he turns off TV so that he won't lose his concentration. However, he can suddenly see the smiling face of Jimmy.He stops writing and goes to take a look. In old Jimmy's bedroom, he can't see anything, is about to peer open another door, but then mutters to himself that he's going crazy. Roger leaves, goes to the bathroom to take a pill and wash his teeth, but then decides to go back to Jimmy's bedroom to open up a door which he had left closed the previous time: there is nothing there, bevause it's an empty closet. The grandfather's clock strikes midnight just when he's aboout to leave. Roger decides to peer into the closet again, and this time, a monster is there. It attacks him, but Roger pushes it back and locks the door. Roger buys plenty of staff to build a monster trap. He dresses himself up as if he were back in his soldiering times again, and jumps out of the house, cheering to himself. His neighbour Harold asks him what he's doing, and Roger first asks "nothing", but then rumbles something about being doing his workout, and wanting to go back to the solitude of his home. He sets the monster trap, a photograph and video recording system and several thingies more. He pulls with a coil the closet door open, but nothing appears. He turns off his equipment, but comes back at midnight again. Harold scares him offering a midnight snack. Downstairs, Roger tells him that he believes that the house is hunted and he wants to catch the ghost. Harold points to Roger's divorce, level of stress..., but Roger is convinced. Roger shows his scars from when the monster tried to catch him. Harold doesn't believe him, and starts believing that Roger is nuts. Harold leaves after stealing Roger's phone book. He tells Sandy that Roger may be losing it. Unfortunately, Sandy has to be on the set at 6:30 the following morning. She leaves her day-time phone number with Harold, and then, she tries to hole Roger on the phone. But he won't pick the phone up, as he's wrting about the time when he, Fitzsimmons, Scott (Stephen Nichols), and another soldier are smoking during a break. They finally keep marching on, trying to hide from the enemy, and they realise somebody has been following them. He is writing that when he feels he needs to stop. A running toy car recalls his attention. The eye of a sword fish hanging on the wall starts to move and the sword fish attacks him. Roger tries to pick some weapons but axes, hammers, and other DIY tools start attacking him. He shoots the sword fish but his eyes keep on moving around. He tries to take another pill but has not time, as the tools bang on the door and attack him. When he goes to the hall, Sandy appears. A bullet falls, Sandy bends to pick it up, saying that she was really worried about him, and then a monster appears. Roger kills it, but then he realises it was Sandy all the time. Sandy's body has fell out of the home, but Harold his neighbour couldn't see the body. He calls the police thinking that Roger Cobb has tried to commit suicide. Roger picks Sandy's body and puts it inside the department under the stairs. When the police arrive, Roger says that it was a loose shot, as he didn't know that the gun was loaded. One of the policemen asks to use the toilet, and Roger offers them some coffee. He's nervous as hell, and everybody can notice that. Harold has also invited himself in to some coffeee. On the floor, Harold can see two more shotgun bullets. The police officer (Ronn Carroll) asks him questions about that. Later, alone again, Roger goes to tend to Sandy's corpse, but it's not there. He follows some closing doors, but behind him appears the monster (Peter Pitofsky) with a shotgun. the monster says that he won't find Jimmy as the boy is dead. The monster tries to shoot him after having hit in the back, but the gun doesn't fire. Roger leads the monster to where the flying tools are waiting, and they are the ones who killed it. Roger digs a hole in his garden to hide the head and the body sepparately. Tanya appears in a bathing suit, swimming in Roger's swimming pool!, as apparently she used to do that when Aunt Elizabeth was alive. They talk, and she asks Roger what he's doing, and what he's about to bury - the body of the monster. Roger tries to talk to her non-chalantly, as if nothing is ado. An arm appears from under the plastic rubbish bag and Roger steps on it so that Tanya doesn't notice anything odd. She is cute but stupid, so she doesn't seem to realise nothing out of the ordinary. Roger has to dig many holes, and he stares at the photograph of what once was a happy family. Harold's dog undigs the hand of the monster and runs away. Tanya calls on him with her son on tow. He's a nice boy, and the hand of the monster is holding to the jumper of Robert. Robert (Robert Joseph) is a naughty boy who runs away until Roger catches him. He has to bite onto the monster hand to release it, then he throws it away rhough the toilet. Tanya is in a hurry: she leaves Robert with a bag full of clothes, toys, etc... Robert cries, so Roger picks him and sits him down in front of the TV. Leaving him on the sofa of the sitting room, Roger goes back to write. there are animal noises in the jungle, but probably they are the enemy closing in. Big Ben goes to look what's happening, as usually staying tall, when panicky Roger Cobb shoots him dead - friendly fire. Roger goes to look for Robert, but he's not there. Three little critters (Elizabeth Barrington, Jerry Maren and Felix Silla) have taken Robert away, and are taking him up the chimney. Roger holds to Robert legs, until the three critters let him go. Roger puts Robert in a bath, and they start playing with sponges. When Tanya comes back, Robert is smiling and laughing, a s he had lots of fun. Harold appears again with some beer. Roger convinces him to help him with his fight. Harold is getting nervous. Harold is going to shoot at midnight, and it's Roger who opens the door. A big monster appears, but Harold stays frozen. When he reacts, Harold can't help Roger, who leaves flying with the big monster with a foot tangled on the rope. Roger feels he's back at the Nam place when Big Ben is about to die. He asks Roger not to abandon him in the jungle, wounded as he is. Roger says that everything will be all right, and doesn't kill Big Ben. The Nam soldiers appear and take Big Ben with them, alive and screaming that he will get back at Roger someday. Roger runs away amist the soldiers' fire. He runs to the light and gives a big jump to fall in front of the sleeping useless Harold. He wakes Harold up, who reacts startled and hits Roger in the head. Roger puts Harold to bed. He checks one of Elizabeth's paintings again: hidden with a dirty piece of cloth, in the painting of the elderly lady walking into a lighted door, he can see Jimmy from behind a mirror screaming for Elizabeth not to get in there. Roger recognises the mirror of his medicine cabinet; he goes there and pries it open, but only his medicines and pills are in it. He closes the cabinet and breaks the glass with a stool. There is a black hole which leads to another diemnsion. A tentacle appears to catch Roger. He frees himself and cuts the monsters with a knife, but then, he goes armed onto the black shaft with a flashlight. the skeleton of a dinosaur attacks him. He falls to a lake / sea. Incredibly enough, his torch is still working. He swims down trying to find Jimmy. On the shore, on a cage, he finds Jimmy, who wants to go back home but is OK otherwise. Jimmy tells him that he is coming back. Roger rescues Roger, and they emerge through the swimming-pool. They are about to leave the house through the door, but the skeleton of Big Ben (Curt Wilmot) appears Big Ben says that the Cong soldiers tortured him for weeks, and that now he wants his own back. Roger sends Jimmy for help. Big Ben enters the home and goes after Roger. Big Ben's ammunition is finished, so he throws his shotgun away, while Roger runs to the roof, and then goes back inside the house again. Roger takes one of Big ben's arms away, but he puts it in. The house now stands on the verge of a cliff. Roger galls and holds to the floor while dangling from a height. He uses his belt to throw Big Ben to the cliff. Big Ben appears again, lifting Jimmy by his t-shirt. Big Ben tells Roger to commit suicide or he will slash JImmy's throat. But a stab from Big Ben to Roger doesn't produce any effect: Roger is not afraid of him anymore. He takes Jimmy away from Big Ben, steals one of his grenades and thrusts it up between Big Ben's showy rib cabge. The explosion kills Big Ben and creates a fire on the house. Outside, Harold stares at teh fire. Finally, Sandy has arrived on a taxi, and she gets off with a worried look. Roger appears with Jimmy, who runs to Sandy. John William Young ... Would-be Writer (as John Young) Ronn Wright... Enthusiastic Patron Renee Lillian... Zealous Fan.
tt0095174
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Dr. Richard Walker is a surgeon visiting Paris with his wife Sondra for a medical conference. At their hotel, she is unable to unlock her suitcase, and Walker determines that she has picked up the wrong one at the airport. While Walker is taking a shower, his wife mysteriously disappears from their hotel room. Still jet-lagged, he searches for her in the hotel with the help of a polite but mostly indifferent staff and then wanders outside to search himself. A vagrant overhears him in a café and says he saw Walker's wife being forced into a car. Walker is skeptical until he finds his wife's ID bracelet on the cobblestones. He contacts the Paris police and the US embassy, but their responses are bureaucratic and there is little hope anyone will look for her. As Walker carries on the search himself (with input from a very sympathetic but wary desk clerk at the hotel), he stumbles onto a murder scene and then encounters the streetwise young Michelle, who had mistakenly picked up his wife's suitcase at the airport. It transpires that Michelle is a career smuggler but does not know for whom she is working. She reluctantly helps Walker in his increasingly frantic attempt to learn what was in the switched suitcase and to trade whatever it is for the return of his wife. It turns out that hidden within a small replica of the Statue of Liberty is a krytron, a small electronic switch used in the detonators of nuclear devices. The film ends with a confrontation beside the River Seine where Walker's wife is released. However, a firefight ensues between the Arab and Israeli agents. During the crossfire, the Arab agents are killed but Michelle is also shot and dies with Walker and Sondra at her side. Angry and upset, Walker throws the krytron into the river while the helpless Israeli agents look at him. Soon after, the Walkers leave Paris.
tt0094608
Crime,Drama
The Accused (1988) The controversial rape-themed drama The Accused opens with an exterior shot of a bar, The Mill, located somewhere along the highways of Washington. Ominous music plays as the sky turns to black. A young man named Kenneth Joyce (Bernie Coulson) appears rushing outside of the bar. Before long, the wailing screams of young Sarah Tobias (Jodie Foster) are heard as she makes her way out of the bar. Apparently, she has suffered a prolonged gang rape at the hands of three men in a crowded room. Kenneth informs of this to the police as Sarah becomes rescued on the highway. At the hospital, she meets up with several professionals, including Carol Hunnicutt (Linda Darlow) from the Rape Crisis Center, whilst being examined by doctors. It is learned that Sarah was intoxicated at the time of the incident. Finally, she meets Kathryn Murphy (Kelly McGillis), her Deputy District Attorney and Lieutenant Duncan (Terry David Mulligan), who's in charge of the police investigation. With the bar still open, Sarah manages to point out two of her assailants to the police. There is Kurt (Kim Kondrashoff), a formidable presence wearing a yellow t-shirt, and local man Danny (Woody Brown). Kathryn drives Sarah home. She lives in a trailer home with her live-in boyfriend, drug dealer and would-be musician Larry (Tom O'Brien). She also has a dog named Sadie (named after The Beatles song "Sexy Sadie"). After the police arrest the third suspect, a fraternity man named Bob Joiner (Steve Antin), the three rapists are released to their community on $10,000.00 bail. It turns out, Bob is a best friend of the much-chagrined Kenneth. Sarah, a waitress, hears of the news. At home, she is visited by Kathryn. Kathryn is unimpressed by Sarah's behavior as she had dressed provocatively that night at the bar and was also drinking heavily and showing a lot of cleavage. It is further revealed that Sarah had a record for drug possession. Denying this, Sarah demands that justice be done to her attackers. Kathryn goes on to interview some of the witnesses or onlookers to the scene. These include Sarah's best friend Sally Fraser (Ann Hearn), who was waitressing at The Mill the night Sarah was assaulted. They find Polito (Stephen E. Miller), a bar patron who saw what happened but proves useless for having been drunk and on probation during the events that night. After Kathryn makes a deal with the rapists' lawyers, the three men are sentenced to reckless endangerment (2 ½-5 years in prison). In a fit of rage, the betrayed Sarah storms in Kathryn's dinner party and confronts Kathryn over the relatively light sentences imposed on her attackers. It is believed Sarah would not have made a strong witness to the state. However, she goes on to emphasize the seriousness of the matter. While she was being gang-raped on a pinball machine, a crowd of men were "yelling and clapping". Back at home, Sarah cuts her hair. In the livingroom, Larry tries to seduce her, but she refuses. Enraged by Larry's lack of empathy and understanding of the potentially damaging, psychological or otherwise, effects rape has on her, Sarah orders Larry to leave her house permanently. The next day begins as Sarah unwittingly finds herself in a record store with Cliff 'Scorpion' Albrect (Leo Rossi), who taunts her with macho advances before revealing himself as one of the spectators to the rape. She tries to escape from the parking lot, but he obstructs her with his truck and harasses her. "You wanna play pinball?", he laughs. In a state of madness, Sarah decides to retaliate by ramming his truck. Before she could finish the job, she and Cliff both end up in the hospital with minor head injuries. Feeling guilt-ridden over not having offered Sarah a choice of testifying before agreeing to the deal, Kathryn is determined to prosecute the spectators for criminal solicitation. Thus, the rape would go on record and the rapists will stay in jail for the full 5 years. But her colleagues, especially D.A. Paul Rudolph (Carmen Argenziano), feel she has lost her mind and offer her little support. However, she receives much help along the way from Sarah and Sally, who identifies the three spectators in a lineup. They are Matthew Haines (Andrew Kavadas), Stu Holloway (Tom McBeath), and the aforementioned Cliff 'Scorpion' Albrect. Meanwhile, both Sarah and Sally meet up with Kathryn at her office. Sally is interviewed by Kathryn. It's discovered that Sarah had flirted heavily with Bob, one of the rapists, perhaps in an effort to get back at her cheating boyfriend. Hearing this, Kathryn decides it's best that Sally doesn't testify on Sarah's behalf. A thwarted Sarah leaves Kathryn's office. Fortunately enough, Kathryn eventually finds Kenneth at a university. Kenneth is reluctant to testify. Though not denying the behavior of the rapists, including his best friend, he maintains that the spectators weren't to blame. "It was like a show. They watched. Big deal", says Kenneth. He finally agrees to testify after Kathryn plays his recorded message. At the courthouse, Sarah gives a highly detailed, lengthy account of the night of the rape at The Mill. However, she is unable to ascertain who "applauded or shouted" or to prove that anyone in the bar really saw her struggling. The witness is excused. After visiting his friend Bob, Kenneth enters the courthouse. Though aware of the consequences facing Bob, Kenneth recounts what happened that night in a scene structured in flashbacks. In the flashback sequence, the sexily-dressed Sarah enters The Mill. She catches the eye of Danny and Bob, who's seated with Kenneth. Danny meets Sarah, and then accompanies her to the game room. They both play pinball with Bob and pretty soon find themselves dancing to the music playing on the jukebox. Danny embraces her "tight close". At this point, she tries to fight him off as he's coming on a bit strongly. Totally relentless, Danny throws her on top of the pinball machine and forces himself on her. In the process, Kurt has her arms pinned down and the near-sadistic spectators begin chanting "make her moan" and "stick it to her". Bob proceeds to rape her, followed by Kurt. As Kurt rapes her, the spectators repeatedly chant "One...two...three...four. Poke that pussy 'til it's sore". The scene ends with both Kenneth and Sarah storming out of the bar in disgust. Much debate is made on the charges laid against the spectators. As Attorney Paulsen (Peter Van Norden) points out, Sarah has been unable to acknowledge the spectators' responsibility. He firmly believes Kenneth is guilty for having watched a rape without taking action. "He was offered a way to purge that guilt, and he took it". Kathryn argues against this. As she states, "It is not the crime of criminal solicitation to silently watch a rape. But it is the crime of criminal solicitation to command, induce, entreat or otherwise persuade another person to commit a rape". In the film's final scenes, Kathryn wins the case, with special thanks to Sarah and Kenneth. All three defendents are found guilty of criminal solicitation. Sarah goes home to celebrate with her dog, Sadie.
tt0106453
Drama,Thriller
An older man, Andrew Marsh, is seen viewing a homemade pornographic tape. It is later revealed the man died from complications stemming from erotic asphyxiation. The main suspect is the woman having sex with Marsh in the film, Rebecca Carlson (Madonna), who after being charged with murder is represented by lawyer Frank Dulaney (Willem Dafoe). The trial begins in Portland, Oregon and it isn't long before Rebecca and Frank enter a sadomasochistic sexual relationship behind the back of Dulaney's unsuspecting wife (Julianne Moore). Their rough sex goes so far that Rebecca drips hot candle wax onto Frank. Rebecca proclaims her innocence to Frank in private as well as in court, but the prosecutor and district attorney Robert Garrett (Joe Mantegna) is out to prove that Rebecca Carlson deliberately killed Marsh in bed with sex to receive the $8 million he left her in his will. The testimony of Marsh's private secretary, Joanne Braslow (Anne Archer), reveals that he also had a sexual relationship with her that could have contributed to his death, casting a reasonable doubt as to Rebecca's guilt. Frank can't resist Rebecca sexually but he doesn't trust her. His wife sees telltale marks on his flesh and realizes he's been having an affair. Rebecca is shown in court to have had previous sexual relationships with a number of older rich men, including Jeffery Roston (Frank Langella), in which her lovemaking was just as rough, indicating that what she did with Marsh was not unusual. Taking the witness stand, Rebecca's emotional testimony that she did not mean to cause her older husband's death convinces the jury, which acquits her. Before leaving court, she mockingly thanks Frank for getting a guilty client off. Frank finally becomes fully aware that Rebecca indeed killed March delibrately with sex and worse still, he cannot repeat what she said because of the attorney-client privilage law. Frank also knows that Rebecca cannot be tried again because of the so-called "double jeopardy" law which states that no one can be tried twice for the same crime, even if the accused confesses or new evidence surfaces afterwords. Frank goes that night to Carlson's home, where he finds her with Marsh's doctor, Alan Payley (Jürgen Prochnow), freely discussing the way they both conspired to kill Marsh for his money. She's free and clear, but taunts Payley by telling him to lie low (as he could be convicted of perjury) and to leave because "I've already forgotten you." Rebecca bluntly tells Frank that her sexual prowess is how she is able to make men do anything... including him. An enraged Payley lashes out at Rebecca physically and, after Dulaney pulls him off, Payley shoots her twice. She plunges from a window to her death in the water below. In the final scene, as the police take Payley away, Frank turns to Garrett as the dead Rebecca is taken away and says, "You should have won the case Rob." Garrett coldly replies, "I did."
tt0110527
Family,Fantasy
When Tony Falacchi, the Cole's Santa Claus, gets drunk before taking part in the Thanksgiving Day parade, Dorey Walker, the store's director of special events, fires him and must find a replacement immediately. She spots an old man berating the drunk Tony, and begs him to take over. He claims his name is Kris Kringle. He does so well during the parade that he is immediately hired to be the store's main Santa for the holiday period. All the children begin to believe that he is the real Santa, with the exception of Dorey's six-year-old daughter, Susan. Dorey's boyfriend and neighbor, Bryan Bedford, does his best to convince Susan to believe. While being babysat by Kris one night, she shares her Christmas wish with him. She would like a dad, a house (used every year for the Cole's catalog photoshoot) and a baby brother. He asks her if she got all those things, she would then begin to believe in Santa. She agrees that she would. Kris is credited with bringing in many more sales to Cole's than previous years until one night, when he is arrested and sectioned for supposedly assaulting a man on the street. Later, the truth emerges, that the man he assaulted was Tony, who set him up to be arrested, with the help of staff from Shopper's Express. With the help of Bryan, Dorey pushes Kris' case to court, and drums up support from him from the public. It soon becomes clear that to get him acquitted and freed, Bryan must prove that not only does Santa exist, but that Kris is the real one. It is a seemingly impossible task until he comes up with a plan that requires some help from Susan. The next day in court the proceeding is interrupted by her giving Judge Henry Harper a Christmas card with a $1 bill inside. He notices a red circle on a specific part of it, which says "In God We Trust". He realizes that it was issued like all money by the government which represents the people, and if they can believe in God enough to have this message printed on legal tender on faith alone without any physical proof then by that same logic he can say that Santa exists in the form of Kris Kringle. Following the court case, Dorey and Bryan are manipulated by Kris into realizing their true feelings for each other, and married in a very small ceremony after the Christmas Eve Midnight Mass. On Christmas morning, Susan wakes to the news of the marriage and is elated to see that she has part one of her Christmas wish, a dad. Together, Susan, Dorey, and Bryan drive out to the catalog house and upon arrival, they find that Kris has arranged for them to purchase it. Susan, now having got two out of three of her wishes, excitedly runs into the house to look at her bedroom. Dorey and Bryan ask her what part three of her Christmas wish was, and she triumphantly announces that it was a baby brother. They both look at each other, shocked, before glancing down at Dorey's stomach. The film ends with the belief that Susan has now gained all three of her Christmas wishes.
tt0107076
Action,Adventure,Drama
The story opens with a man being chased by a gang of armed men near New Orleans. One armed man in particular, carrying a hi-tech crossbow, seems intent on killing the man himself. The man being chased reaches the river and runs across a wooden boat dock but is shot twice by the man with the crossbow. One of the bolts hits him in the chest, piercing his military dog tags and he falls between the slats and into the water. His body is pulled from the river and one of the gang chasing him, Pik Van Cleaf, cuts a money belt from around his waist. The gang's leader, Emile Fouchon, asks the man hunting the victim if the experience lived up to his expectations and the man says it has. A young woman, Natascha "Nat" Binder, arrives in town from Detroit looking for her father, the man who was killed by the hunters. She searches for him at local missions and soup kitchens; her father was an unemployed manual laborer who was also a US Army veteran. Nat is unable to find out anything and goes to the French Quarter. At a seedy diner, she pays for her breakfast and is careless about concealing the money she has in her wallet, which is seen by several rough-looking goons. When she goes outside to her car, they attack her with the intention of robbing and raping her on the street. A man named Chance Boudreaux, who was also in the diner, beats them all severely, demonstrating high skill in hand-to-hand combat and martial arts. He tells Nat that she needs to be more careful in New Orleans. Nat asks him to be her escort while she searches for her father. Chance turns her down, saying he's a stevedore and will have to leave on a ship soon. On the New Orleans docks, Chance is being told he can't work unless he pays his back union dues. Natascha arrives, looking for him and tells him she'll pay him to help her find her father. Chance accepts. Chance suggests they talk to the police, however Nat is reluctant since she already reported her father's disappearance and the police seemed unwilling to do very much. Chance and Nat talk to a homicide detective, Marie Mitchell, who only has scattered evidence to work with, however, Nat's father's remains have been discovered in a burnt out warehouse. Because he was homeless, it is assumed that he'd been squatting and was the victim of an unfortunate accident when the place burned down. Chance goes there and finds one of her father's dog tags; curiously, there is a hole in it which could only have been made by a sharp weapon. Chance takes them back to Mitchell and Nat and tells them that Binder's death was not accidental and he was definitely shot by a sharp, edged weapon. One of the men who knew Nat's father as a veteran and from the homeless missions, Elijah Roper, reveals that Binder had been passing out fliers for a sleazy local brothel owner, Randal Poe. Poe had also been working secretly with Fouchon and Pik, recruiting destitute men for their business: the two give rich men the chance to hunt human beings in various locations around the world for a price tag of $500,000. New Orleans has been their most recent base. Because the police have found Binder's body and are investigating his death as homicide, Emile and Pik go to Poe's office and torture him in order to find out how much Poe told the police. Pik uses a pair of scissors to cut off one of Poe's earlobes and threatens to kill him if he's forced to come back. Chance later drops in on Poe while he's getting a massage and works him over for information about Nat's father. Chance finds out that the city coroner, Morton, is covering up the murders committed by Fouchon and his men. Fouchon and Pik drop in on Morton at his home, where he's burning medical records. He'd previously informed Fouchon that Mitchell had ordered Binder's body to be re-examined. The doctor looks through the spyhole in his front door and is immediately shot by Pik. Fouchon tells Pik that, due to the increased police attention, they'll conduct one last hunt in New Orleans and leave for Eastern Europe where they can work for years under a lower profile. Poe, having employed Roper for some time, asks him if he wants to work for a $10,000 salary. Roper accepts. Meanwhile, Fouchon and Pik meet with another client, demanding payment for the game up front and arranging for a human quarry. Roper meets with Fouchon and Pik at an abandoned train yard, is given the $10,000 in cash in a money belt and is given a head start, just like Nat's father was. He is hunted through a cemetery, bullied in every direction by Fouchon, his crew and the client. Roper is able to hide briefly and attacks his would-be killer, seizing the man's automatic rifle and shooting him. He shoots briefly at Fouchon's crew and runs when the rifle is empty. Fouchon approaches his client, and kills him, knowing he already has the man's fee in the bank. His goons continue the chase, finally cornering Roper on a busy street in the city. Roper tries to get someone to help him but most people avoid him because he's homeless. Roper is finally gunned down by Fouchon's crew. Pik retrieves the belt containing the money. Chance and Nat meet again with Det. Mitchell. They are informed of Roper's disappearance and go to the French Quarter to talk to Poe. Poe, while packing to leave town, is met by Pik who kills him with a shotgun. While on the street, they are attacked by Pik and several of Fouchon's thugs. Mitchell is hit and killed by gunfire. Chance commandeers a motorcycle from one of the thugs he incapacitates and he and Nat take off with Pik in pursuit. They make it to a highway overpass where Chance unloads Nat. He races back towards one of the pursuing SUVs, jumping off the bike, over the roof of the truck and landing safely behind it. He opens fire with a pistol, igniting the gas tank and the truck explodes. Still being chased by Fouchon's crew, Chance and Nat leap over the side of the overpass and land in a cargo car of a moving train. Fouchon tells Pik they'll hunt Chance through the bayou and that he should get more men to join them. Chance and Nat make their way through the bayou. At one point, Chance catches a rattlesnake that was going to bite Nat. He bites the rattles off the snake's tail and plants it in a tree, creating a booby trap. Not long after, one of Fouchon's henchmen triggers the trap and the snake bites him on the face. Fouchon and Pik seem pleased when they realize that Boudreaux will be a formidable quarry. Chance and Nat evade Fouchon's crew and retreat to Chance's Uncle Douvee's farm in the bayou. Chance gets the shotgun he'd been keeping at Douvee's and tells his uncle about his plan to lead them to the Mardi Gras Graveyard, an abandoned factory where the floats used in the Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans are stored. Chance rides out on horseback while Nat stays with Douvee. When Fouchon and his men arrive at Douvee's, they trigger another booby trap that blows up Douvee's cabin and kills several of them. Douvee sends Nat to contact the sheriff, while he rides after Chance. Chance leads Pik to the Mardi Gras graveyard. Chance uses the factory to hide and attack Fouchon's men. In the large warehouse used to store the floats, Chance takes out several more of Fouchon's men. Chance and Pik find themselves in a standoff that Chance wins when he shoots Pik dead. Nat and Douvee catch up and help Chance take out several more of Fouchon's party. Douvee is wounded, non-fatally, and Fouchon finds Nat and holds her hostage, forcing Chance to drop his shotgun. The two fight hand-to-hand for several minutes until Chance, using a grenade, beats Fouchon down. He drops the live grenade in Fouchon's pants and headbutts him back. Fouchon fumbles for the grenade, even managing to remove the fuse, however it goes off before he can render it completely inert and he's killed. Chance reunites with Nat and Douvee and the three leave.
tt0118531
Drama,Thriller
Trevor Garfield is an African American high school science teacher at Roosevelt Whitney High School, a high school in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn. Dennis Broadway, a gangster student to whom he had given a failing grade threatens to murder him, writing the number 187 (the police code for homicide) on every page of one of Garfield's textbooks. The administration ignores the threat, and Dennis ambushes Garfield in the hallway, stabbing him in the back and side abdominal area multiple times with a shiv. Fifteen months after surviving from the ordeal, Garfield, now a substitute teacher, has relocated to John Quincy Adams High School in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles, but the trouble starts again when he becomes a substitute to a rowdy, unruly class of rejects, including a Chicano tag crew by the name of "Kappin' Off Suckers" (K.O.S.). Their leader, Benito "Benny" Chacón, a menacing felon attending high school as a condition of probation, makes it clear to Garfield that there will be no mutual respect between them. The tension mounts when a fellow teacher, Ellen Henry, confides that Benny has threatened her life, an action against which the administration of the school refuses to take action, fearing legal threats. Ellen and Garfield develop a close friendship that approaches the beginnings of a relationship, but which is stymied by Garfield's diffident and destabilizing behavior, likely arising from post-traumatic stress disorder and his confrontations with the K.O.S.. Garfield's past also garners him the unwanted admiration of Dave Childress, a burned-out, alcoholic history teacher who carries and keeps guns at the school. After Benny murders a rival tagger in cold blood, he inexplicably disappears, and Benny's severely unstable tag partner, César, takes over as leader and class antagonist. The conflict between Garfield and the K.O.S. escalates with the killing of Jack, Ellen's dog. César, after spraying cartoon graffiti depicting a dog with a "dead" face, is shot with a syringe filled with morphine attached to the end of an arrow. He passes out, and wakes up to find one of his fingers cut off. César later recovers the finger and it is reattached, though the letters "R U DUN" ("are you done?") have been tattooed onto it as a warning. A student Garfield has tutored, a Chicana by the name of Rita Martínez, faces continuing abuse from both the K.O.S. and Childress, and drops out. The school administration is hopelessly mired in bureaucracy and unable to intervene. After Benny is found dead in the Los Angeles River, apparently of a drug overdose, it becomes clear that Garfield has taken justice into his own hands, playing by the rules of the street in an intense contest with César and the K.O.S. The K.O.S. plan to murder Garfield after they accuse him of killing Benny and amputating César's finger. The conflict comes to a head at Garfield's house, as the gang forces Garfield into a contest of Russian roulette with César (who gets the idea from watching The Deer Hunter). The latter's resolve is finally shaken, as Garfield gets through to him about the lost-cause lifestyle he has led, saying "Your whole way of life is bullshit. Macho is bullshit.". Hesitating at his turn, César watches as Garfield, offering to take his turn for him, takes the revolver and shoots himself in the head. Driven by his personal sense of honor and ignoring the protests of his horrified friends, César insists on taking his rightful turn and ends up killing himself in the same manner as his teacher. Later on graduation day, Rita, who returns and completes her studies along with former K.O.S. member Stevie, offers a tribute to Garfield by reading an essay about him at commencement. The essay incorporates the theme of the Pyrrhic victory, which Garfield had once explained to her in a tutoring session. The film ends on a somber note as Ellen, presumably disheartened at the incident, appears to leave the school (she throws her teaching certificate into a garbage bin).
tt0093756
Comedy,Crime
Police Academy head Commandant Eric Lassard (George Gaynes) decides that the police force is overworked and understaffed, so he comes up with the idea of recruiting civilian volunteers to work side-by-side with his officers in a program called "Citizens On Patrol" (COP). Fellow alumni Carey Mahoney (Steve Guttenberg) and his friends Moses Hightower (Bubba Smith), Larvell Jones (Michael Winslow), Eugene Tackleberry (David Graf), Zed (Bobcat Goldthwait), Sweetchuck (Tim Kazurinsky), Laverne Hooks (Marion Ramsey), and Debbie Callahan (Leslie Easterbrook) are in charge of training the civilians. The civilians include the enormous obese Tommy "House" Conklin (Tab Thacker), gung-ho senior citizen Lois Feldman (Billie Bird), and two skateboarding delinquents Kyle (David Spade) and Arnie (Brian Backer). However, the veteran academy trainer, Captain Thaddeus Harris (G.W. Bailey) believes "the concept of citizens doing police work is asinine" and plans to take over Lassard's job, and that's why Harris is determined to see the COP program fail, and to work on a plan to discredit Mahoney (whom Harris has had a grudge against ever since the very first movie). When Lassard leaves on an overseas conference, Harris, along with his dull-witted right hand man Lt. Proctor (Lance Kinsey), are put in charge of the academy and Harris immedietely plots to make the COP volunteers quit and leave the police work to the officers. The volunteers do well in their training, Mrs. Feldman excelling in firing Tackleberry's .44 Magnum. In training for water safety and drowning victim rescue, Zed "rescues" a cadet but experiences a personal loss of his no longer functioning watch, and mourns the death of the cartoon character inside of it saying it was the last thing he ever stole before joining the academy. Through his loss Zed gains a love interest, Laura (Corinne Bohrer), a reporter/photographer who has come to the academy to view Lassard's COP program and takes a fancy to former gang leader Zed. Unfortunately Harris ruins the moment and insults Zed and Laura, which causes Zed to replace Harris's deoderant with mace. In the next scene while Zed instructs the volunteers on the very important matter of how to correctly eat a donut, Harris is seen wearing a medical device suspending his arms in the air. Despite the pranks played upon him during the various training exercises the volunteers take, Harris is determined to make the Citizens on Patrol program fail. Meanwhile, Jones learns that volunteers House, Kyle, and Arnie believe themselves ready to go out and catch criminals, so Jones, Mahoney, Hightower, and Tackleberry play a prank on the boys to make them take their training more seriously. Mahoney and Jones fake an arrest with Hightower playing a voodoo priest, and Tackleberry playing a hockey-masked chainsaw wielding maniac to successfully scare the boys. The next day, after being yelled at again by Captain Harris and being called a disgrace, Zed is comforted again by Laura, who says she thinks he's perfect. After several volunteers foil an undercover police sting, the Citizens on Patrol program is suspended, much to Harris's delight. While Harris gives a tour of his precinct to a group of foreign dignitaries, the numb-skull Proctor messes up and is tricked by the inmates into releasing every inmate at the Precinct 19 jail, including a team of ninjas, and a redneck thug gang leader (Randall "Tex" Cobb), who had taken Zed's place as leader of the gang back after Zed's arrest in Police Academy 2. When Lassard's officers hear of the jailbreak, the COP volunteers are dispatched along with the regular officers to catch the escaped felons, which include a team of ninja warriors. After Jones, Hightower and Lois Feldman stop a robbery, Mahoney and Tackleberry take a high speed air balloon to chase after another group of robbers. As a result, the felons are all recaptured. Meanwhile, House, Kyle, and Arnie save Harris and Proctor from drowning in a river. And Zed impresses Laura by saving Sweetchuck's life after they both fall out of a plane in mid-air. The several police chiefs who came to witness Lassard's program in action congratulate and compliment Lassard on his program and his officers.
tt0104692
Horror,Sci-Fi
Dr. Lawrence Angelo (Larry) works for a governmental institution that is involved with enhancing intelligence through virtual reality. After a project in which a chimp is trained to be a soldier ends in a disaster when the chimp escapes the laboratory Dr. Angelo is send on a leave. After almost falling into a depression he decides to pick up his work at home. This time he tries to enhance the intelligence of the retarded local gardener Jobe Smith, also known as the lawnmower man. To prevent the same disaster as last time from happening, Dr. Angelo decides to leave out the aggressive elements of the previous project and in stead focusses on brain stimulation through the expansion of knowledge with virtual reality and brain stimulating medication. In his every day life Jobe is under the severe supervision of father Francis McKeen. Father McKeen is forceful in his ways of keeping Jobe on track, by submitting him to corporal punishment and penance. Jobe hopes that when he becomes smarter people won't be able to take advantage of him any longer. After the first virtual reality training sessions, Jobe already shows improvement and both Jobe and Dr. Angelo get excited about the results. They seem to get almost obsessed, wanting to push the limits of their experiment further and meanwhile driving Dr. Angelo's wife away. In order to continue the project Dr. Angelo has to involve the laboratory in his experiment. Things start progressing in a rapid speed, when the higher authorities become aware of the project. They force Dr. Angelo's supervisor to reinstate the original project and subject Jobe to the same virtual training as the chimp, making him into a soldier. This is when things take a turn for the worse. Jobe already gained the ability to read people's minds, but is now also able to move objects without touching them. On top of that he is able to manipulate people's minds. He breaks into the laboratory to overdose himself on stimulatory medication and to spend more time in virtual reality, which has become the place where he wants to be most. All these powers get into Jobe's head and he starts seeing himself as a god. He takes a revenge on the people that did him wrong, by burning Father McKeen, killing the abusive neighbor with a lawnmower and possessing the mind of his rival Jake, who has been taunting him for his retardation. Meanwhile Dr. Angelo was brought to the institution's officials in Virginia who want more information and control over the project. This is where Dr. Angelo finds out that the original chimp project was reinstated and he soon finds that he has to escape the officials in order to save Jobe from himself. Dr. Angelo finds Jobe at his house where he possesed the mind of Dr. Angelo's wife and explains to Dr. Angelo what his plans are. He wants to dissolve into virtual reality completely from where he will be able to rule the world through all the interlinked networks (i.e. the internet). His birth cry will be all of the world's phones ringing in unison. After tying Dr. Angelo down, Jobe returns to the laboratory where he takes at the entire security team and hooks himself into the virtual reality system to dissolve into the virtual reality completely. When Dr. Angelo frees himself he uses the neighbor's help to get to the laboratory, where he decides to blow up the entire institute. Before the place explodes he isolates the computer system from the internet so that Jobe is not able to exit the institute's mainframe in the virtual reality. Dr. Angelo enters the virtual reality to reason with Jobe, but it's a lost case and Jobe digitally crucifies him. Only when they here the neigbor's kid is in the building Jobe decides the kid needs to be saved and lets Dr. Angelo go. Dr. Angelo and the kid, Peter, are able to escape the building before it blows up. Right before that Jobe finds a backdoor to the rest of the world's networks and when everything seems to end well every single phone in the world starts ringing in unison.
tt0111742
Drama,Horror,Romance
Will Randall (Jack Nicholson) is bitten by a wolf while driving home in Vermont. Afterwards, he is demoted from editor in chief of a publishing house when it is taken over by tycoon Raymond Alden (Christopher Plummer), who replaces him with Will's protegé Stewart Swinton (James Spader). Stewart is having an affair with Will's wife Charlotte (Kate Nelligan). Will starts to be more aggressive, taking on the characteristics of a wolf. With the help of Alden's headstrong daughter Laura (Michelle Pfeiffer), Will sets out for his new life. His first escapade as a werewolf takes place at Laura's estate, where he wakes up at night and hunts down a deer. In the morning Will finds himself on the bank of a stream, with blood all over his face and hands. He visits Dr. Vijav Alezais (Om Puri), who gives him an amulet to protect him from turning completely into a wolf. Alezais asks Will to bite him, as Alezais does not have long to live, and would prefer "demonization to death." After refusing, Randall keeps the amulet so that he won't transform at the next full moon. Calling Laura to explain, Randall, now a wolf, breaks into the Zoo and steals handcuffs from a policeman. Muggers want his wallet, but he attacks and leaves one of them alive. He wakes up in his hotel, with no memory of what happened. Will outmanoeuvres Stewart at their work and fires him, urinating on his shoes in a bathroom. While washing his hands, he finds fingers in his handkerchief and realizes he killed someone. Will inadvertently bites Stewart, who then becomes a wolf and murders Charlotte. Stewart attempts to frame Will in order to seize his job back. Horrified that he might have killed his wife, Will goes back to Laura`s cottage and is locked up in the barn. Laura gets a call from a Detective (Richard Jenkins), who tells her that canine DNA was found on Charlotte's body. Alarmed, Laura goes to the police station. There she runs into Stewart, who makes an animal-like pass at her. Laura hurries away, making arrangements for her and Will to leave the country. Stewart follows her and kills her two guards. After a brief struggle in the barn, Stewart tries to rape her, but Will frees himself and they fight. Stewart is shot to death by Laura. After he returns to normal, Will has a brief moment with Laura and then runs into the forest. Minutes later, Laura shows heightened senses when the police arrive, telling the detective that she can smell vodka on his breath. The final scene is a close-up of her face fading into dark, lupine eyes, and a close up of Will completing his transformation into a full werewolf.
tt0110763
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
Richard Tyler is a geeky, timid kid who spouts statistics about the probability of accidents. His parents try to find 'normal' activities for him, to little avail. His father is slightly injured while building Rich's treehouse, further confirming Rich's phobias. As a storm hits the area while riding his bike home from the hardware store, Rich takes refuge in the town library. He meets the eccentric librarian, who tried to talk Rich into exploring the fictional area of the library. On his way to the payphone, Rich's curiosity leads him to the fantasy section, and, still dripping wet, slips on the floor and hits his head. When he awakens, the paintings of wizards and dragons in the library start to come alive. Rich is soon part of the paintings, having become 'illustrated'. Rich meets the wizard, known as "The Pagemaster". The Pagemaster tells Rich to get back home, he must face three tests: Adventure, Horror, and Fantasy. Rich first meets Adventure, a pirate book, who agrees to help him. He also meets Fantasy, a fairy tale, who also will help him if Rich helps them get 'checked' out as well. Unfortunately each time a book is opened, the characters come alive. A hound from Baskervilles chases them all into the Horror section, where they see the Exit sign beyond a haunted house. After some coaching, the three of them approach the house where they encounter Horror, who warns them of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. He agrees to help them nagivate the house. Once inside the meet Dr. Jekyll, who transforms into the monstrous Mr. Hyde. He chases all the them throughout the house, where they encouter bats, ghosts, and gargoyles. Rich learns to escape and rescue his friends, getting braver with each hurdle. Eventually they escape the house, find a boat, and start sailing to the exit with Adventure as captain. Soon they see whaling ships, let by Captain Ahab hunting Moby Dick. The whale wrecks their boat, sending them all into the water where they become seperated. Rich and Adventure find a floating piece of wood, and soon a row boat with two unsavory characters comes to their rescue. Unfortunately they take both of them back to the pirate ship where they meet Long John Silver and are taken prisoner. Long John Silver lands on Treasure Island and finds the treasure chest empty. As a fight ensues, Fantasy and Horror show up to rescue Rich and Adventure from the pirates. Rich finds his courage to help send Long John Silver on his way. Free from the pirates, but marooned on the island, the group ponders what to do next. Adventure finds Rich's library card as they realize Horror has been captured by the Lilliputians. They rescue Horror as Fantasy realizes her wand is working again. The group starts toward the Exit, encountering many well-known characters from classic books along the way. Finally they reach the bottom of the mountain where the Exit is located on top. However the cave in the mountain is guarded by a fierce fire-breathing dragon. Rich and the books fight the dragon, Fantasy losing her wand in the process. They make their way to the top, chased all the way by the dragon. The books are trapped, and Rich goes back to save his friends. He fights the dragon, but the dragon swallows him whole. Rich finds Fantasy's wand and many books inside the dragon. Rich opens Jack and the Beanstalk, and the beanstalk immediately sprouts and grows, carrying Rich up and out of the dragon. Rich and the books get to the top of the mountain and the Exit. After walking through the Exit, Rich and the books meet the Pagemaster. Rich realizes how much he has learned and experienced on his journey, and the courage he has gained. The Pagemaster sends Rich back to the library, where he awakens. The librarian helps Rich up, and Rich checks out three books - Adventure, Fantasy, and Horror. Rich rides his bike home, a braver and changed boy. Rich's parents find him sleeping in his tree house, with his three books by his side.
tt0116329
Adventure,Drama,Family
Thirteen year-old Amy (Anna Paquin) is riding passenger with her mother (Deborah Verginella) in their car one rainy night in New Zealand. All seems right and pleasant until the mother loses control of the car and crashes. Amy awakens later in the hospital to find her father, Thomas Alden (Jeff Daniels), who says that he's come to take her home with him to Canada. Her mother has perished in the accident. Thomas brings her back home to his farm where he's evidently been used to living on his own for a while; most of the rooms in the house are used to store works of art and the barn has become his workshop. Amy isnt used to the transition and claims she doesn't remember anything about living there. Her displeasure is further fueled when her father introduces her to his girlfriend, Susan (Dana Delany). Amy responds to the introduction with quiet hostility. As Amy tries to become adjusted to her new life, she finds her father's traits difficult to accept at first. One morning he angrily runs out of the house clad in nothing but his underwear to confront a construction team deforesting the area around his home. Another day, Amy finds him testing a new invention for flight; an aluminum glider strapped to his shoulders which he soon crashes in the surrounding field. Scared and unsure if her father's all right after the crash, Amy shuts herself in the house when he finally emerges and shouts triumphantly. One day, while exploring the area around the Alden farm, Amy comes across a portion destroyed by the construction crews. Under a fallen tree, she discovers an abandoned nest of goose eggs, some of which emit weak chirps. She gathers all the eggs and brings them back to the barn where an old bureau stuffed with scarves and cloth provides a safe place to put them. She takes a heating lamp from her father's workshop and uses it to provide light and warmth for the eggs. The next morning, as she's preparing for her first day at school, she stumbles on her uncle David (Terry Kinney) who Thomas invited over to help with his work. She's quickly ushered out the door and impatiently sits through her classes as the first of the eggs begin to hatch. When she arrives home, she greets her father and Susan who say theyre going to a town meeting. Amy later takes advantage of her uncle's distracted attention and sneaks away to the barn where she finds the newly hatched goslings. They look at each other and a bond immediately forms. At the meeting, Thomas speaks out against the construction thats been destroying the habitats around his home but is criticized by one of the drivers who says he's merely performing a job to provide income for his family. The local game warden (Jeremy Ratchford) draws attention when he addresses the threat of construction not only towards local home owners, but to the wildlife. Thomas and Susan return home to find Amy missing and frantically search for her in the night fog with a remorseful David. However, they find her sleeping in the barn surrounded by her hatchlings. When she wakes up, she asks if she can keep them. Though Thomas is welcome to do anything for his daughter's happiness, hes less than enthused about sharing space with a flock of geese. He goes to the game warden, Glen, and issues his concerns. Glen gives general advice and stops by the farm to observe the goslings following Amy around the property, a trait called imprinting where baby geese or ducks assume the first thing it sees is its mother and will follow. At the house, he attempts to pinion the geese in accordance to a law that states all domestic geese must be rendered flightless. It would involve cutting off the first wing joint of each of the goslings, something Amy objects to by hitting Glen over the head with her popcorn bowl. She quickly gathers up her geese in the bowl and locks herself in the bathroom while Thomas forcefully ejects Glen from the house. Glen threatens that he will have to confiscate the geese if they start flying. Thomas tries to apologize to Amy but she refuses to come out. She spends the night in the bathroom. The next morning, Thomas' friend Barry (Holter Graham) stops by the farm to visit while Amy is in the shower with her goslings. When she accidentally sprays soap into her eyes and steps out of the shower screaming, chaos ensues after Thomas breaks the bathroom door in to expose the naked Amy. Susan shoves a shaken Thomas out of the bathroom and tries to console Amy. Amy lets out her frustrations of having to live with her father who is 'so weird' and her anger towards the game warden. Susan says that she knows she cannot replace Amy's mother, but that she can be her friend and assures her, as a friend, that nothing will happen to the geese. Thomas realizes that the realities of the geese flying is a real problem and devises a way to show the birds how to migrate south. With the help of David and Barry he upgrades his glider with a series of engines to maintain flight until he is able to construct a frame that he can sit in and control the plane with. He introduces the idea of leading the birds south to Amy, who is hesitant but agrees to help. Still, no matter how many times they try, the geese prefer to stick close to Amy rather than follow Thomas in his plane. Frustrated, Amy decides to try manning the plane herself and manages to get airborne, with the geese following, before crashing into a fence. Thomas finds her alive and well but breaks down, having thought the worst. Despite that, having seen the slight success of Amy's ill-fated flight test, Thomas proposes to Susan that he teach Amy to fly a new glider and lead her and the geese south. Susan thinks the idea is ludicrous but Amy is excited. Thomas sells one of his art pieces, a model of the lunar lander, to fund construction of a new glider complete with goose wings and head. He teaches Amy how to pilot it and, to everyone's elation, the geese follow her in flight. David is able to contact a bird enthusiast and entrepreneur, Dr. Killian (David Hemblen) about introducing the geese to a local bird sanctuary in South Carolina. The expert explains that if the geese are able to land by a certain date, the land is theirs. Meanwhile, Thomas and Amy continue training the geese in flight, making them stronger and discussing flight paths and when their takeoff date should be. However, on one training flight, Igor, a goose born with a limp and hesitant to fly, is accidentally knocked out of the air when he flies into Amy's plane. Fortunately, he is found later by Amy and the others during a night search in the woods. During this time, however, Glen revisits the farm and confiscates all the geese in their crates unnoticed. The next day, Thomas picks up Amy during lunch period from school while David drives down to the game warden's office claiming to have hit a mysterious creature during the night. Glen is teaching school children about conservation while all this is happening. As David takes the officer at reception to his, now empty, truck and suggests scanning the area for the missing beast, Sharon and Barry spring the geese loose from the back of the building and herd them into flight as Thomas and Amy pass overhead in their planes, beginning the flight south. As they pass over the school, Glen is left speechless. After crossing Lake Ontario, low fuel forces Thomas and Amy to land on an army base where they are quickly taken into custody. After they tell their story, however, they are welcomed and allowed to stay the night before leaving the following morning with plenty of news reporters documenting their amazing journey. At one point Amy's geese become distracted by a large flock of wild geese and follow them into marshlands where hunters take aim at them. Amy and Thomas fly in low, shocking the hunters, and land to search for the geese. They come across an old woman with a shotgun (Gladys O'Connor) who offers them residence when she discovers that Amy is 'the little girl I saw on television'. Back en route, Amy and Thomas find themselves in thick fog and descend into a dense city, narrowly missing skyscrapers while navigating the main street below. On the last day of their trip, Susan, David, and Barry arrive at the bird sanctuary early to find a crowd of people waiting for Amy and the geese, shouting their support and protesting against a corporation bent on bulldozing the sanctuary. As Amy and Thomas get nearer, Thomas' plane malfunctions and he crashes into a field. He persuades Amy to fly ahead, saying that she's got her mothers spirit and that she will make it to the sanctuary. Thomas rides ahead and makes it to the sanctuary in time to see Amy fly in over the dunes and land safely to cheers of hundreds, both on site and watching on TV. Reporters flock to her as her geese flock happily to their new winter home. An epilogue video shows Amy waking up on an early spring morning to the sounds of her geese returning along the route she had led them on, testing their feet on a still frozen pond.
tt0117107
Crime,Drama,Mystery
A four-man team in Los Angeles known as the hat squad fights organized crime in 1953. Led by Max Hoover (Nick Nolte) the team, consisting of Ellery Coolidge (Chazz Palminteri), Eddie Hall (Michael Madsen), and Arthur Relyea (Chris Penn), uses many various means to identify the criminal element and push them out by any means, many times force-arming or using extreme coercion to accomplish their goals, including tossing one unlucky criminal off of a mountain and shooting up another criminal dope pusher with a lethal injection of Heroin. Their superiors look the other way because the hat squad gets results. While investigating the murder of a young woman the squad discovers that she was Allison Pond (Jennifer Connelly), and Max recognizes her as a former lover of his. What makes matters worse is that Allison Pond had a long string of lovers and filmed surreptitiously her liaison with them including her trysts with Max. Among her professional liaison is General Thomas Timms (John Malkovich) the leader of the Atomic Energy Commission and a key person in the security of the experiments being done on Atomic testing. When Max ferrets out the secrets Timms is keeping he sees the bigger picture and the truth that there are many others who are trying to prevent the murderer's identity from being found out.
tt0134619
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
Steve Clark (James Marsden) is a high school senior whose family moves to Cradle Bay, a picturesque coastal town in Washington state's Puget Sound with his parents. It has been nearly one year since Steve's older brother, Allen (Ethan Embry), committed suicide which traumatized the family. Steve's parents tell him that they have relocated from Chicago to Cradle Bay as a fresh start to move on with their lives. During Steve's first day at his new high school, he meets and befriends three outcast students, Gavin Strick (Nick Stahl), U.V. (Chad E. Donella), and Rachel "Rae" Wagner (Katie Holmes). Gavin tries to tell Steve that he believes there is something evil about the "Blue Ribbons"a clique of students taking part in a "special program" led by the school psychologist, Dr. Caldicott (Bruce Greenwood). Steve is understandably skeptical. Steve witnesses a fight in class between a student, Dickey, and one of the Blue Ribbons. Later, Dickey is trying to buy car parts for his muscle car at an out-of the way marina, and is accosted by the Blue Ribbons. Soon after, Dickey reappears at school, now one of the Blue Ribbons, and having donated his once-prized car to a demolition fundraiser. Steve goes to a local yogurt shoppe where the Blue Ribbons congregate. Steve comments about seeing Dickey and his recent adversary sitting together, to which Dickey replies "We made peace". Gavin arrives to meet Steve, and takes him outside after a tense exchange with the group of Blue Ribbons. Gavin shows a photograph of himself and several Blue Ribbons, who were until recently rocker/parties types. That evening Steve and Gavin go to the high school where they eavesdrop on a parents meeting, where Gavin learns his parents have signed him up for Caldicott's program. Steve remains skeptical of Gavin's fears of the Blue Ribbons and the program, and wrestles a gun Gavin produces, which he plans to use against his expected abductors. Steve heads home. The following day in the school cafeteria, Gavin walks in looking like a Blue Ribbon. When Steve tries to confront Gavin, he gets punched in the stomach for his impertinence by the other Blue Ribbons. Later, after being chased home, Steve finds Blue Ribbon member Lorna Longley in his living room, ostensibley waiting up after tutoring Steve's younger sister while Steve's parents are "at a meeting". Steve suggests she leave. She asks to use the bathroom first, then emerges, partial undressed, and forcefully kisses Steve. Her heightened arousal causes her eye to glow red, startling Steve. Lorna starts saying "wrong, bad" then smash her head into a mirror, attacks Steve with a mirror shard, them obliviously leaves the house. She is later seen undergoing treatment at a medical facility under Dr. Caldicott's direction. During this time, Steve also befriends Dorian (William Sadler), the school janitor, who appears to be mentally handicapped and hunts rats for the city for some extra cash. Dorian demonstrates a device called an E-Rat-icator which emits a soft, high pitched whine that is supposed to be innocuous but annoying to rats, which is an abysmal failure. Steve discovers that Dorian is actually highly intelligent, and carries classical literature pieces with him, and that he's hiding because he wishes to be left alone and does not trust society. Dorian also tells Steve that he suspects that the entire community of Cradle Bay is part of a massive conspiracy made up of nearly all of the parents, the local police chief, the school principal and entire school faculty, who hired Dr. Caldicott to "re-program" their own children to become the perfect people that they want them to be and not free-thinkers. Rachel finds a CD-R disc that Gavin hid in the school's boiler room, containing a video he made of himself before his "transformation", telling about the club and about the history that he learned about Dr. Caldicott. A Blue Ribbon known as "Chug" (A.J. Buckley) assaults Rachel in the basement, when Dorian's E-Rat-icator goes off, and immediately sends Chug into a agonized frenzy, during which Rachel slips away. Chug smashes the E-Rat-cator and walks out, apparently oblivious to what has just occurred. During their personal investigation, Steve and Rachel try to find out what exactly has been happening to the Blue Ribbon kids, which leads them to a mental hospital called Bishop Flats following a lead on the disc that Gavin left behind in the basement (which Rachel had retrieved before her encounter with Chug). At Bishop Flats, they find out that mind control is being used to make depressed, awkward and unruly teens become perfect so they can function properly in life, but the programming has some glitches that lead to momentary relapses and violent fits. Also at Bishop Flats, they find Caldicott's daughter, Betty (Julie Patzwald), a failed project who spends her time repeating the same phrase: "Meet the musical little creatures that hide among the flowers", along with other damaged test subjects who compulsively brush, floss and apply makeup. After escaping from the hospital, Steve and Rachel return to Cradle Bay to plan to rescue Lindsey before fleeing town. They have a run-in with the town's police chief Cox (Steve Railsback) who is also involved in the conspiracy. He tries to arrest them for being out after curfew. But Dorian shows up under the pretense that he is disposing of dead rats, then knocks out the police chief and frees Steve and Rachel, telling them to leave town and go public with what they know about Dr. Caldicott's work. When Rachel and Steve return to Steve's home to get Lindsay (Katharine Isabelle), Steve's parents (Terry David Mulligan and Susan Hogan) reveal that they are also part of the conspiracy and that they moved to Cradle Bay for the sole purpose to sign him up for Caldicott's program, and Caldicott himself confronts them. Steve and Lindsay try to get out but they get ambushed by a group of Blue Ribbons waiting for them outside the house. Steve and Rachel are dragged by the Blue Ribbon gang to the programming center. Steve grabs a scalpel before being strapped into a chair. He confronts Caldicott about the human cost of the reprogram, but Caldicott is dismissive, including in regard to his own daughter. Before the reprogramming can start, Steve uses the scalpel to cut his bonds and escape to rescues Rachel, killing the medical techs. On the way out, they fight and kill Chug, who has been left behind to guard them. Exiting what turns out to be the town's hospital basement, Steve and Rachel are met by Lindsay and U.V. in Rachel's truck. Rushing to catch the early ferry, they meet with a roadblock made of Blue Ribbons and Caldicott on the road. When hope seems lost, Dorian drives up, striking Caldicott, and activating multiple E-Rat-icators that scramble the mind control tech inside the Blue Ribbons' heads. They chase after Dorian and try to destroy the E-Rat-icators Dorian, having been fatally wounded by a gunshot from Caldicott, and believing the Blue Ribbons to be beyond help, drives his car off a cliff with most of the Blue Ribbons hanging onto it. An injured Caldicott reappears, reacting to Steve's declaration that "It's over" by saying he will start his experiments again elsewhere. This leads to a final battle between Steve and Caldicott, which Steve wins by kicking Caldicott off the cliff. Steve and Rachel then leave town on the ferry with Lindsay and U.V. to begin a new life elsewhere without their parents. The final scene shows a classroom in an urban high school with kids playing loud music, cursing, and acting up. They are informed that they have a new student teacher. The well-groomed teacher turns around after writing on the board, and it's Gavin, with the blue ribbon "red twinkle" still active in his eye.
tt0088172
Romance,Sci-Fi
In 1977, the Voyager 2 deep space probe was launched containing a gold, phonographic disk with messages of peace embedded within it and inviting visitors to come to the planet Earth. The Voyager probe is intercepted by an alien space ship which sends a small observational scout vessel in response to the invitation in order to establish first contact with Earth. However, instead of being greeted by its human hosts, the spacecraft is promptly shot down by the US government. The ship crashes in Chequamegon Bay, Wisconsin and the alien, a blue ball of energy, emerges from the wreckage. It stumbles upon the house of recently widowed Jenny Hayden (Karen Allen). There, it finds a lock of hair belonging to Jenny's deceased husband Scott in a photo album and uses it to clone a new body. The depressed Jenny watches stunned as the alien takes on Scott's form. The Starman (Jeff Bridges) possesses seven small silver spheres which he turns into pure energy to perform miraculous feats. He uses the first one to send a message to his people that his craft has been destroyed, that the environment is hostile, and that he will rendezvous with them at "Landing Area One" in three days, located in Arizona. He then uses the second one to create a holographic map of the United States in order to compel the dumbstruck Jenny to help him get to Arizona. However, Jenny is frightened of the Starman and reacts with hostility towards him, doing what she can to avoid traveling with him. After repeatedly and unsuccessfully attempting to escape, she finally implores the Starman to shoot her with her pistol. Instead, the Starman releases the pistol's magazine and tells her he means her no harm. As they continue on their journey the Starman, who developed a rough understanding of English syntax from the Voyager 2 disk, learns to communicate exactly who he is and what his purpose is to Jenny while she tries to teach the Starman that humanity is not completely savage. The Starman explains to Jenny that he has three days to get to the rendezvous point, Arizona's Barringer Crater, or he will die. She teaches him how to drive a car and use credit cards, intending to leave him self sufficient enough to continue the journey alone. However, while they are stopped at a small diner, they connect on a more emotional level with Jenny attempting to explain to him what love is. She also witnesses the Starman revive a dead deer that had been tied to the front of a hunter's (Ted White) car. Deeply moved, she resolves to help him. Meanwhile, the US army, after discovering the crash site of the Starman's ship, is tracking the couple's trail to Arizona. The army battalion is led by the cold-blooded NSA Chief George Fox (Richard Jaeckel) who is reluctantly assisted by SETI scientist, Mark Shermin (Charles Martin Smith). Shermin is clearly a more understanding and empathic man and, after he finds the Voyager 2 disk in the Starman's ship, Shermin deduces that the Starman was invited to Earth peacefully and discovers that the alien has taken the form of Scott Hayden through collected pieces of evidence around Jenny's house. Once news of the fugitives becomes publicized, a couple of cops (Dirk Blocker, M.C. Gainey) intent on becoming local heroes, discover Jenny and Starman residing at a motel. They decide to hold position outside until the government arrives but, when Jenny and Starman attempt to escape, despite employing a distraction, the cops pursue them by car and one shoots Jenny. Starman crashes their vehicle into an overturned gas tanker, protecting himself and Jenny from the ensuing explosion with one of his spheres. Under cover of the chaos, he seeks refuge in a mobile home being transported on a trailer bed. Jenny never regains consciousness but Starman, down to his last two spheres, uses one to revive her, gently kissing her as her wounds heal. He then leaves her and attempts to reach the Crater alone; afraid she will be hurt again. Jenny regains consciousness and heads off to find him, aware that they were being pursued by the government. Meanwhile, the Starman hitches a ride with a local truck driver, telling him that his name is Scott and he's headed for Arizona. A large traffic jam awaits them. Several miles back, Jenny manages to hitch a ride with another truck diver and, after a while, are met by the same traffic jam. Police have barricaded the road and are interrogating people. When she locates Starman standing anonymously within the crowd, and knowing it's only a matter of time before he's revealed, Jenny employs the truck driver to stage a distraction for her. He explodes a gas can which incites the police to chase after him, enabling Jenny to reach Starman. They escape in the panic and continue their journey, stowing away on a train boxcar. En route, they become close and consummate their feelings for one another. Starman tells Jenny that he gave her a baby, despite Jenny's insistence that she is infertile. Starman assures her to believe what he says and tells her that the child will be the son of her husband, since he is a clone of Scott. He explains that the child will know all that Starman knows and will grow up to be a teacher. However, he gives her the option of taking it back but Jenny refuses, joyfully accepting his gift. The couple mistakenly travel too far on the train and arrive in Las Vegas and, to make matters worse, Jenny has lost her wallet. The Starman uses their last quarters in a slot machine which he manipulates with his powers in order to win a $50,000 jackpot. The couple use their winnings to buy a new car to complete the drive to Winslow, Arizona, which is near Barringer Crater. Meanwhile, Fox has received information from NORAD that the trajectory of The Starman's Observation Craft, prior to it being shot down, was to Barringer Crater, and concludes that the Starman, along with Jenny Hayden would be in that general vicinity within the next 24 hours of that determination. Near the end of the journey, the Starman, growing weaker, and Jenny are confronted in a cafe in Winslow, where Mark Shermin interviews the dying Starman. The Starman explains to him that his people had previously visited Earth and are interested in humans because, out of all the many savage intelligent races in the universe, humans are at their best when things are at their worst. Confronted with this, Shermin decides to ruin his career to help the Starman and Jenny escape. The couple reach the crater as Army helicopters buzz them. Suddenly, the aliens' large, spherical mothership appears in the sky and descends into the crater. A blue light surrounds the couple and the Starman is instantly restored to health. He tells Jenny he will never see her again. Jenny confesses her love and begs him to take her with him but he says she would die on his world. He then gives her his last silver sphere, telling her that her son will know what to do with it before asking Jenny to tell her son about him. He asks her to tell him how to say goodbye and they kiss one last time before the Starman walks away into the beam. As Jenny watches in silence, the mothership rises, carrying the Starman away.
tt0120654
Comedy
Set in a small Midwest U.S. town, Mitch Weaver and his best friend Sam McKenna are two social misfits who "don't take crap from anyone", as Sam's father, Pops McKenna (Jack Warden) taught them. While in school as young kids, they get a bully arrested for (planted) gun possession, and catch a crossing guard/pedophine kiddie-fondler in the act (with glue). As a teenager, Mitch's single mother dies and he moves in with Sam and his father Pops. Mitch and Sam get revenge against a spiteful meter maid by planting popcorn kernels in her car radiator, and they get revenge against a neighborhood dog that chases them to having them get a homosexual German Shepherd dog to have it's way with the dog that attacks them. (Note: gay and homophobic jokes are the recurring theme throughout the movie.) The film then cuts to their adult lives. After losing 14 jobs in three months and getting dumped by his girlfriend, Mitch (Norm MacDonald as an adult) moves in with Sam (Artie Lange as an adult) and Pops. As grownups in their early 30s, Mitch and Sam still "don't take crap from anyone" when after they get beaten up and humiliated by a group of college frat guys at their local hangout bar, the guys set up the frat guys to get arrested for fighting with the police. A little later, Pops is rushed to the hospital when he has a heart attack. Even though his heart is failing and needs a transplant, the gambling-addicted Dr. Farthing (Chevy Chase) tells Mitch and Sam that he will only raise Pops on the transplant list if he is paid an under-the-table bribe of $50,000 in three weeks. To raise the money, Mitch and Sam try to get jobs any way they can from a failed construction site job, to being payed to sample hallougenic brownies. Mitch and Sam get jobs in a movie theater with an abusive manager named Mr. Hamilton (Don Rickles), who mocks and pokes fun of the slow-witted and overweight Sam, and the wise-cracking Mitch. The guys exact their revenge by showing a premier film of "Men In Black (Who Like To Have Sex With Each Other)" a gay porn film parody to a packed house. The other workers congratulate them and tell them they should open their own business. Mitch and Sam open "Dirty Work", a revenge-for-hire business. They exact increasingly lucrative reprisals for satisfied customers until they interfere with unscrupulous local property developer Travis Cole (Christopher McDonald). Cole tricks them into destroying "his" apartment building, promising to pay them enough to save Pops. Afterwards, Cole reneges, revealing that he is not the owner. However, the grandmother of Mitch's new girlfriend Kathy (Traylor Howard) lives there. Unknown to Cole, Mitch's "note to self" tape recorder captures this confession. Mitch and Sam plot their revenge on Cole, using the tape to set up an elaborate trap. Using skunks, an army of prostitutes, homeless men, a nose-less friend, the brownies with hallucinogenic additives, and Sam's father, they ruin the opening night of an opera sponsored prominently by Cole. With the media present, Mitch plays back Cole's confession over the theater's sound system. Cole sees that his public image is being tarnished and agrees to pay the $50,000. In the end, Cole is punched in the stomach, arrested and jailed, his dog is raped by a skunk, and Mitch gets the girl. Pop's gets his heart transplant and lives, while Dr. Farthing overcomes his gambling habit, but is said to have been murdered by his angry bookies anyway.
tt0120185
Comedy,Family,Music
As the movie opens, the Spice Girls are enjoying their fame, but becoming dissatisfied with the burdens of it. The sinister owner of a newspaper, Kevin McMaxford (Barry Humphries (also known as Dame Edna Everage)) is trying to ruin their reputation in order to cash in on the headlines, and even dispatches a photographer (Richard O'Brien) to take pictures and tape recordings of the girls. Less threatening but more annoying is a film director (Alan Cumming) who with his crew stalks the band, hoping to use them as documentary subjects; at the same time, the girls' manager, Clifford, (Richard E. Grant) is fending off two over-eager Hollywood writers (George Wendt and Mark McKinney) who relentlessly pitch absurd plot ideas for a Spice Girls feature film. Throughout their busy schedule, the girls keep asking Clifford for time off to spend with Nicola (Naoko Mori),who is due to give birth soon, and to relax, but he refuses--mainly because his own boss, the cryptic and eccentric "Chief" (Roger Moore), won't allow it. The stress and overwork compound, culminating in a huge argument with Clifford and among the bandmates; the girls storm out, refusing to play Albert Hall. Separately, the bandmates think back on their humble beginnings, their struggle to the top, and their strengthened friendship. They reconcile, then decide to take Nicola out dancing. However, she goes into labor at the nightclub and is rushed to the hospital in the tour bus. The band stay at the hospital to provide Nicola with support, refusing to perform until after she has given birth. The next morning, the day of their Albert Hall gig, Nicola finally gives birth to a girl. As they are leaving the hospital, the girls bump into a doctor, but when Emma notices he has a camera, the girls realize the doctor is the photographer whose been stalking them in disguise. The photographer runs off with the girls in hot pursuit, only to hit his head on the wall after colliding with an empty stretcher, and when he sees the girls standing over him, he tells them that they've made him see the error of his ways, and he goes after the owner of the newspaper. After noticing their bus driver (Meat Loaf) missing, Victoria decides to drive herself. So, it becomes a race against time as she drives like a maniac to get to Albert Hall. The bus drives by Buckingham Palace, the the girls wave to the Royal Family, Victoria puts her foot down on the gas pedal when Tower Bridge starts to go up to let a boat through. They land safely on the other side, but when Emma opens a trapdoor in the floor, she discovers a bomb! The girls finish the movie with a performance of "Spice Up Your Life".
tt0176269
Action,Sci-Fi
Seven years after the events in the first film, Luc Deveraux (Jean-Claude Van Damme), now an ordinary human, is a technical expert who is working with the government with his partner Maggie (Kiana Tom), who has been through countless hours of combat training with him, in order to refine and perfect the UniSol program in an effort to make a new, stronger breed of soldier that is more sophisticated, intelligent, to spare using living soldiers in the battlefield. All of the new UniSols, which are faster and stronger than the original UniSols, are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called S.E.T.H. (Michael Jai White), a Self-Evolving Thought Helix. When S.E.T.H. discovers that the Universal Soldier program is scheduled to be shut down because of budget cuts, it takes action to protect itself. Killing those who try to shut off his power, and unleashing his platoon of super soldiers, led by the musclebound Romeo (Bill Goldberg), S.E.T.H. spares Devereaux, only because Devereaux has the secret code that is needed to deactivate a built-in program that will shut S.E.T.H. down in a matter of hours. With the help of Squid (Brent Hinkley), a rogue cyberpunk, S.E.T.H. is able to put his program in a UniSol which Squid made superior to any of the newer models (White). Not only must Luc contend with ambitious reporter Erin Young (Heidi Schanz), who will not leave his side, but Luc must also contend with General Radford (Daniel von Bargen) who wants to take extreme measures to stop S.E.T.H.. S.E.T.H. has arranged Romeo to kidnap Luc's injured 13-year-old daughter Hillary (Karis Paige Bryant), killing Maggie in the process. Luc is the only person who can rescue Hillary, because Luc knows firsthand how a UniSol thinks, feels, and fights. Luc infiltrates the UniSol building, but finds Maggie, now revived as one of the UniSols. S.E.T.H is able to figure out the code himself, decides to kill Luc and raise Hillary himself, who he has healed using UniSol technology. During the fight Luc covers S.E.T.H. in liquid nitrogen then shatters S.E.T.H.'s frozen body. Luc then engages into a fight with Romeo, which ends when Maggie finally rebels against the UniSols by shooting Romeo, and allows Luc and Hillary to get out of the building on time. However, the bomb that General Radford had placed was deactivated by S.E.T.H.. As Romeo and the platoon of Universal Soldiers start to march out for battle, Luc fires at the explosive charge blowing up the building, killing all the Universal Soldiers.
tt0119432
Comedy,Family
Michael Cromwell(Tim Allen),is a self-absorbed,successful commodities broker,living in New York City. Wanting to marry his new fiance,Charlotte(Lolita Davidovich), he needs to obtain a final divorce from his first wife,Patricia(JoBeth Williams),who left him years earlier. Patricia now lives with a semi-westernised tribe in Venezuela. Michael travels there to get her signature on divorce papers,but,upon arriving,discovers he has a 13 year old son,Mimi-Siku(Sam Huntington). Michael attempts to bond with Mimi-Siku in his brief stay with the tribe,and promises to take him to New York'when he is a man'. That night,Mimi-Siku undergoes the tradition rite of passage,of his tribe,who then consider him to be a man. The tribal elder gives Mimi a special task,to allow him to become a tribal leader one day. Mimi must bring fire from the Statue Of Liberty,and looks forward to traveling with his father. Michael brings Mimi-Siku to New York. Michael's fiancee,Charlotte,is less than pleased about the unexpected visitor,particulary when he suggests eating her cat and releases his pet tarantula in her apartment. Michael attempts to adapt Mimi-Siku to city life. On climbing the Statue Of Liberty,to reach the flame,Mimi-Siku is disappointed when he sees that the fire is not real; While Mimi-Siku is staying at the home of Richard Kempster(Martin Short),Mimi falls in love with Richard's daughter,Karen(Leelee Sobieski). Richard is unhappy about Mimi's presence in his home,because of his influence over Karen. Mimi-Siku returns to the Amazon jungle,but before he leaves,his father gives him a cell phone,so they can keep in touch. Michael also gives Mimi a Statue Of Liberty cigarette lighter,that produces fire from the tourch. In return, Mimi gives his father a blowpipe and poisoned darts,telling Michael to practice and come to see him when he can hit flies. Michael finds himself disheartened by the rat race and realizes his relationship with Charlotte isn't working for him anymore. Michael returns to Lipo-Lipo to see his son and ex-wife,bringing the Kempster family with him for a vacation. Karen and Mimi are reunited,and Michael and Patricia decide to get back together.
tt0326769
Action,Drama
The story starts off with a race, a race including Smoke, the King of Cali. Alongside him are the other members of his bike gang, the Black Knights, including Kid, a prospect. Kid, whose father is Smoke's mechanic/best friend, is anxious and impatient to start his life as a member of the Black Knights. He wants his father to look at him the same way he looks at Smoke. Kid's dreams are shattered, however, when Smoke's race gets out of hand and his father is hit + killed. Flash forward to a year later, where a now cocky Kid has joined forces with Stuntman. The two have been traveling California, hustling other racers out of their money. After another routine hustle, Kid runs into Smoke, and challenges him to a race. Smoke refuses, stating that Kid needs to join a gang and win some races before he'll be up to his standards. Prompted by Smoke's refusal, Kid forms his own gang -- the Biker Boyz -- with only three members, himself, Stuntman, and Primo, another free lance racer. The three set off, immediately building a following and gaining prospects. Along for the wild ride is Tina, a feisty young woman, who is drawn to Kid by is incessant devotion to her. During an annual party, Kid and Smoke are both enlightened by Kid's mother that Will, the man who raised Kid, is not his real father -- Smoke is. Smoke is shocked, but Kid couldn't be more angry. After fighting with his mother, he leaves home and moves in with Tina, determined to beat out Smoke and the Black Knights. Unable to wait for success, Kid begins hustling again, despite it being against code. After Smoke saves him from being killed by another gang in Fresno, Kid challenges him to a race, the stakes being the end of racing for both of them. The gangs travel to Fresno, where Kid races Dogg. The race ends badly and it looks as if Kid won't be able to race against Smoke the next day, seeing as his bike is totaled. Dogg, however, comes through and lends Kid his bike, with hopes that Kid will beat smoke and put an end to his reign as King of Cali. The next day, the two gangs meet up and set their terms before Kid + Smoke head off to the path they'll be racing on. The race starts normal for Kid, but Smoke has already gone in the zone, everything but the road ahead of him blurring out of vision. Suddenly, Smoke's tunnel of thought is filled with memories, of everything since the night Will was killed. During this, Kid comes into the zone, his mind focusing on nothing other than the road. As the two edge closer to the finish line, Smoke lets up, allowing Kid to beat him. As the movie ends, Kid and Smoke come to an understanding, and Kid allows Smoke to keep his helmet and his right to race.
tt0317676
Action,Adventure,Horror
The film begins with Simon (Tyron Leitso) and Greg (Will Sanderson) planning to take a boat to an island rave party. They meet up with Alicia (Ona Grauer), Karma (Enuka Okuma) and Cynthia (Sonya Salomaa). Karma has a crush on Simon, but Simon has a crush on Alicia and Cynthia is Greg's girlfriend. When they arrive at the dock, they find the boat to take them to the island has already left. They hitch a ride instead with Victor Kirk (Jürgen Prochnow) and his first mate Salish (Clint Howard). A cop named Jordan Casper (Ellie Cornell) tries to stop them since Kirk is a smuggler, but they leave anyway. Arriving at the island party site they find it a deserted mess. Alicia, Karma and Simon start searching for the others leaving Cynthia and Greg behind. The two start to making out in a tent, but Greg leaves to urinate. Left alone, Cynthia is killed by a group of zombies. Meanwhile, the others find an old house. Inside, they find three survivors named Rudy (Jonathan Cherry), Liberty (Kira Clavell) and Hugh (Michael Eklund) who tell them zombies attacked the rave, killing everyone. The six go back to the rave site to get the others. Meanwhile, Salish is killed by the zombies after he leaves the boat and is walking through the forest alone and unarmed. Everyone else meets up at the rave site. Cynthia shows up but she's become a zombie. She kills Hugh by biting his neck out, but is shot by Casper. They develop a plan to leave the island using Kirk's boat. But they find Kirk's boat overrun by zombies. Casper and Greg leave the group to go find help on the other side of the island, but Greg is killed when he and Casper are ambushed by more zombies. Kirk takes the group of teens to a hidden a box of guns that he is smuggling so they can defend themselves. Once everyone is armed, they head back to the house. The front of the house is filled with zombies. A brutal and surreal gunfight breaks (resembling a video game) in which the heavily armed teenagers and Kirk kill many zombies that attack them from all directions. Liberty and Casper are killed in the ensuing fight while the rest manage to take make it inside the house. Kirk hears Salish whistling outside. He goes out and finds Salish as a zombie who manages to bite him before being shot in the head and killed. When more zombies swarm in from all directions, Kirk then commits suicide by blowing himself up, opening the front of the house and letting the zombies in. The remaining four teenagers lock themselves in a lab, but the zombies break in. Karma finds a hatch in the floor. She, Alicia and Rudy climb down while Simon shoots a barrel of gun powder, blowing up the house, a lot of zombies, and himself. They find themselves in a series of tunnels. Making their way through the tunnels, Karma is killed by zombies as she holds them off with her rifle so Rudy and Alicia can escape. But minutes later, Rudy and Alicia are captured by a man named Castillo who injected himself with immortality serum many years ago, creating the first zombie. Alicia and Rudy escape, blowing the tunnels up in the process, but they're followed by Castillo. Alicia gets into a sword duel with Castillo and he stabs her in the heart. Rudy decapitates Castillo, thinking the fight is over. But Castillo is still alive and his headless body begins to strangle Rudy. Alicia, who is barely alive, crushes the Castillo's head under her feet, finally stopping him. She then seems to die. Later, Rudy and Alicia are seen being rescued by a team of federal agents who arrive on the island and gun down all of the few surviving zombies. The ending narration reveals that Rudy gave Alicia the immortality serum and that is why she is alive... but also infected as she will become a zombie eventually.
tt0195234
Comedy,Crime
The first scene shows Matthew Stewart digging a grave for Grace Trevethyn's husband, John (Bill Weston), who has committed suicide. His now widow, Grace (Brenda Blethyn), an English woman living on a beautiful large estate, learns, upon his death, that John's debts had mounted to the point that her assets (home, car, garden) will soon be repossessed. The postman (Bill Hallet) keeps on bringing her more threatening letters from banks, credit cards... and he also tells all the townspeople about her problems. One of John and Grace's friends, Dr. Martin Bamford (Martin Clunes) tells her that everybody knew more or less that John was doing something fishy financially, but nobody wanted to interfere in his business. With desperation, Grace realises that all commercial schemes by her late husband were failures, and that they even had a secret account in Sweden, but with nothing in it. With no assets of note and no source of income, she watches helplessly as the process begins, and when her high-tech state-of-the-art lawnmower is taken away by some movers (led by Johnny Bamford), she must fire her gardener, Matthew Stewart (Craig Ferguson), to whom she is close. When she stumbles upon the fact that Matthew is not having much success growing some weed plants in the fields of the local vicarage because of the lack of sunlight and heat, feeling awful about having fired him, she suggests that he move his plants to her greenhouse. The plants begin to grow impressively, and Grace, quite innocently, asks Matthew what the plants are worth. The news that they are illegal marijuana plants that are quite valuable on the open market gives Grace an idea, one that might just save her from having her estate repossessed by the bank. Mass production of marijuana plants begins in Grace's greenhouse. Matthew's girlfriend, hard-working fishing boat captain Nicky Tristan (Valerie Edmond) wants no part of the plan. She wants Matthew to grow up, settle down and start taking responsibility for his own life. Some of the locals suspect what is going on, but, compassionately, stay out of Grace's way. In fact, some of them have the notion of watching the neon lights coming from the conservatory every night, as though it was some kind of show. Of course, somebody will have to go to London to line up a buyer for the marijuana. Matthew, a marijuana user and a man in his thirties is the logical candidate, but unbeknownst to him, his girlfriend is pregnant. Knowing of the pregnancy, and not wanting Matthew to leave the side of his girl, Grace insists that she be the one to go to London. Her escapade into the lowest depths of the London drug subculture is hilarious, and at first it looks like she is going to fail. However, suave and savvy Jacques Chevalier (Tchéky Karyo, more handsome than ever) eventually contacts her. He smooth-talks her into doing business. Authorities become aware of the drugs on her estate because of the flying saucer-like lights which the greenhouse now emits. Local police officer Sgt. Alfred Mabely (Ken Campbell) has let things be, as he thought she was cultivating just a small quanitity of weed for her own personal use and that she needed it to cope with all the debts and stress. But when he realises that it's a huge quantity, he has to get involved and investigate the matter. Grace has little choice but to destroy her own inventory. However, as the marijuana plants are not completely dry, they produce such a huge quantity of smoke that Grace, Matthew, the posh visiting ladies (Phillida Law, Linda Kerr Scott, Denise Coffey) who didn't wait for Grace to appear to make themselves some tea, and even the police officers -including Mabely - get high. The scene leaves with everybody jumping, dancing and caressing happily in the garden while naked. In a strange twist of fate, however, Grace writes a book describing her remarkable experience called The Joint Venture. The novel becomes a best seller, and, suddenly, her financial worries are over. She has to travel again to London to receive an award won by her novel, while all the townsfolk look at her on TV. Now we come to realise that Grace and Jacques are a couple, that he has left London for her small town and he strongly denies to some journalists that he ever got involved with any kind of drug.
tt0365485
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) wakes up in bed next to a hooker. He looks in her bag and discovers some purple nail varnish; he paints his toe nails and then burns some documents. Julian walks to a park and sits on a bench in Denver, pretending to read a paper. He keeps staring at a Porsche across the road. A young boy asks him if the Porsche is his car. He says his mom thinks Julian is cute. Julian rudely replies "I don't know anything about that car and I'm only interested in your mother if she lost 20 pounds and 30 years!" The boy goes away and Julian sees a man getting into the Porsche; he quickly gets up and walks away quickly. When the car explodes, Julian doesn't even bother to look. Elsewhere in Denver, Danny Wright (Gregg Kinnear) wakes up at 5:45AM with lightening and thunder breaking continually overhead during a terrible storm. He gets up quietly without waking his wife. He goes downstairs and eats breakfast when his wife, Bean (Hope Davis), comes down, wakened by the storm. They talk about how they will miss each other and Danny replies he will be back in just two days. They embrace and then start to undress for a quickie before he leaves for the airport. Suddenly a tree falls through their roof and they leap to the side before the tree crashes through their kitchen. Danny runs into the Denver airport out of the pouring rain. He meets his business partner. They talk about their upcoming trip and how important it is to their business. They can't afford to miss the plane to Mexico. Coincidentally, Julian is on the same flight. The ticket agent asks him how he is and, after looking at her cleavage for a lingering moment and at her name tag, he replies "Couldn't be better. But more importantly how are you Genevive?" After they arrive in Mexico City, a man walks into a hotel carrying a large metallic briefcase. Julian gets out a taxi and walks into the hotel and after checking in, goes into the hotel bar. The man joins him and orders a beer. They talk casually for a minute. Julian asks the bartender whether there are any good and bloody bullfights on on Sunday. The bartender replies there is a good one with a matador from Madrid. The bartender then asks Julian whether he is in town for business or pleasure. Julian replies "My business is my pleasure". before the man walks away, leaving the briefcase behind, next to Julian. Julian takes the suitcase up to his room and opens it. It contains a sniper rifle and pictures of his target. Danny and his partner are leaving the same hotel on the way to their meeting with a prospective client. They are both worried about their presentation. Julian leaves the hotel after them and goes into the city. He goes to a flea market stand where he target shoots in a booth. Three cute teen age school girls watch him. He smiles at them and scores on the first shot. When he misses the second shot. He smiles at the girls and then laughs. The girls giggle at him. Julian's boss, Mr. Randy (Phillip Baker Hall), meets him and describes the job. He remarks that the girls might be too pubescent even for him! His boss says the schedule has been moved up, and the job has to be completed today. Julian is unhappy. As his boss walks off he shouts back to Julian, "Happy birthday". Julian appears to ahve forgotten it is his birthday. Julian follows his target in the gun's scope from a high vantage point. He shoots the woman and kills her. Elsewhere, Danny and his partner walk joyfully into a bar, exclaiming about how brilliant their first pitch to the client went. Julian returns to his hotel room and watches TV, bored and lonely. He puts on a large Mexican sombrero and then takes it off, annoyed. He calls a number of people and they all hang up on him. He gets really annoyed and decides to head for the brothel. When he returns to the hotel he goes straight to the bar where Danny is also drinking. He orders a margarita and Danny says he looks like he needs one. Julian says how they always taste better in Mexico "margaritas and cock". They begin talking and Julian commends Danny for getting back on his feet with his new business deal after being fired from his job suddenly and left struggling. Julian says something rude and Danny is offended. Julian apologizes and they continue to talk. Danny tentatively reveals that he lost his son in an accident, and Julian responds with a crude joke about a "fifteen-inch schlong," changing the subject. Danny is deeply offended and begins to leave before Julian apologizes. Danny relents and allows Julian to buy him a drink. The next morning Julian walks through the hotel lobby in his tight swim trunks and boots, drinking a can of beer, drawing stares. He kicks off his boots and jumps in the swimming pool. Underwater, he imagines sharks are in the water. At the entrance to the hotel Danny and his partner are upset. The clients now want to hear pitches from other companies. They agree that Danny will remain behind and attempt to secure the contract. Julian sees Danny and apologizes for his rudeness the night before. He tells Danny that he lost his wife while driving drunk. Gaining Danny's sympathy, he invites Danny to a bullfight. Danny is initially reluctant but agrees to join him. At the bullfight they both smoke cigars. Danny is amazed by the experience. Julian tells Danny that he doesn't have a proper address, that he lives wherever he works. Danny is really suprised and asks what Julian does. Julian says he'd rather not say. Julian then explains to Danny the honour of a bull dying in a bull fight and that the crowd respects the bull. Danny finally persuades Julian to say what he does. Julian asks him to not "loose his shit" when he tells him what job he does. Julian says "sometimes people need to be eliminated. Danny does not believe it and jokes about Julian being a hitman. Julian says "my handler calls me a facilitator, a facilitator of fatalities." Danny finds this hilarious and does not believe him. Danny humours Julian and says he wants a man in the crowd killed. Julian agrees and they leave the bull ring. They go outside the toilets and Julian explains the "got-to-pee" theory. He tells Danny about what to and what not to worry about. He shows Danny the escape routes and picked a lock of a door. Danny is amazed. Julian then empties lighter fluid into a bin full of paper. The man Danny joked about killing got up and went into the toilets. Julian threw a cigarette into the bin and it exploded. The guards immediately ran to put it out. Julian dragged Danny away, pulled out a knife and dragged him into the toilets. He goes to the cubicle the man is in. Danny is now scared and begs Julian not to kill him. Julian kicks open the door his knife ready with Danny whimpering. He apologizes to the man and pulls Danny out of the toilets laughing. The two walk down the street together to a little bar. Julian asks Danny a favour. He wants Danny's help with a job and offers to pay $50 000. Danny is revolted by the idea and says no. He changes the subject but Julian changes it back. Danny still says no so Julian walks off in a mood, Danny calls him back and Julian just says "consider me the best cocktail party story you ever met". That evening Danny heard news that the business deal is now going against him. He sits drinking. Julian comes knocking on the door drunk trying to apologize. The screen goes black and you hear a bottle smash. The screen changes to six months later. There are short clips of Julian having sex, drinking and killing people in Vienna, Moscow, Las Vegas, and Sydney. The screen slows down in Budapest where he is meeting Mr Randy. Julian wants to have a break as he feels "burnt out" but Mr Randy said he can't otherwise the agency will find a new young assassin. Julian says he is tired and doesn't want to do that job. Mr Randy remarks about a failure in Manila but pleads with him to do that job. Julian reluctantly agrees and goes off to do it. He is on a roof above a crowded square and has his sights set on his target. He is about the pull the trigger when he sees himself cowering. he tries again but collapses. The screen changes to Mr Randy. He is speaking to the messenger of his boss Mr Stick. The messenger says Mr Stick wants Julian dead. Mr Randy is surprised and sad. He says he's only made two mistakes. The messenger walks off. The screen changes again but this time to Denver where Danny and Bean are having sex. All looks well. That evening they are in bed talking about how they love each other and support each other. Tomorrow is the fourth anniversary of their son's death. In the middle of their conversation the doorbell rings. It is late at night so they both run downstairs. Danny look out the door and sees Julian standing there. He lets Julian in and hugs him. He greets Bean and says she's fantastic. Danny asks Julian what he is doing there. Julian replies he doesn't know but Danny and Bean offer him some whisky. They sit down and talk. Julian notices the bull fight ticket framed and on the wall. Julian is touched by this. Bean asks to see Julian's gun. He shows it to her and comments "My god you are a magnificent woman!". Julian comments on how good Danny looks and understands that Danny got the job he went to Mexico for. Julian proposes a toast to Bean, Danny and himself ("a toast to a dead man"). The three move in to the kitchen and Julian explains how he messed up in Manila and how he was burnt out. He said he drank and had sex but nothing worked. He still felt terrible. He said he had to kill a Copper Wire Executive in a market. His plan was to bump into him and stab him. But as Julian got near to his target. The target turned into a child. He collapsed and woke up in a pile of donkey excrement. Julian then explained how his jobs from then were hot and cold. He explained his mistake in Budapest and said how his bosses now wanted to kill him. Danny is really amazed and asks can't he just apologize. Julian said it is impossible as he only just got out of Budapest alive because Mr Randy let him off. Bean then asked him how he got here. Julian tells her how their home is the only home he knows. That Danny is his only friend. Bean invites Julian to stay the night. Julian asks Danny whether he can dance with Bean. Danny obliges and Julian and Bean dance beautifully together. Bean then makes a comment about having a horrible hangover. Julian tells her a recipe to prevent this from "the only woman he'd ever loved" his mother. Danny then knows how Julian lied about his wife. There is a moment of tenseness between them. Julian asks whether they want him to leave but they say "No", so he stays. Julian wakes Danny up after they went to bed. He takes him into his rental car. Julian again says he needs Danny's help. He said he had been offered a reprieve from death but needed Danny's help to do it. He couldn't do the job on his own as he was burnt out. He needed Danny to help kill the target. At first Danny says no but after Julian says Danny owes him, he obliges. They flew to Arizona together to the race courses to kill the target. Julian gets Danny to open a door to set off the alarm so he could turn off the alarm in the future. He then asks Danny to bump into the target so Julian could have a clear shot. Julian is on the stairwell with a sniper rifle. Danny does his part but Julian is unable to take the shot he breaks down. Danny goes to find him and together they agree that Danny will talk Julian through firing. They are successful in killing the man. The screen then changes to the plane on the way home. Julian says thank you and Danny says it's ok. They talk about what happened the night where Julian was knocking on Danny's hotel room. There is a flashback and we discover what really happened. Danny let Julian in and they began talking. Danny asked Julian to kill his business opponents. Julian says no as he doesn't think Danny is that type of person and knows Danny will regret it. The flashback ends and they are back on the plane. Danny says " You became my friend that night Julian. You surprised me!" Julian replied "I surprised myself." Julian tells Danny that really he didn't do any assignment and that the person he killed was Mr Stick. Julian killed the guy that was trying to kill him. Bean and Danny, when he got back, went to the cemetery together and Julian after watching them for a while left leaving only a little piece of information showing that he was going to Greece!
tt0144964
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
On his way home, Conner bears witness to his apartment exploding in an elaborate set up, killing his adopted daughter in the blast. Filled with remorse and loss of hope, Conner goes to a sanctuary in a monastery where he and other immortals are held in a state of hibernation by the monks to avoid the prize from being won. (Even though the prize was one at the end of the first film but, oh well.) While in hibernation, Conner has a memory of how his mother was convicted of witchcraft due to Conner's immortality by the townspeople Conner had been expelled from. Conner set out to rescue her in the ancient village but they were both taken over by the priest and his son, Jacob Kell, Conner's former friend. Conner's mother was tied to a stake and set ablaze while Conner was locked in a prison cell and forced to watch. He did escape his prison and kill many attackers but was unable to save his mother. He then killed the priest believing the priest to be attacking him, and was then attacked by Kell, who he mortally wounded- thus making him an immortal inadvertently. Conner mourned the death of his mother and returned home. With the flashback over, the monastery is laid siege to by a group of immortal bikers. The monk guardians are all killed, and the bikers' leader, Jacob Kell, arrives and makes his way into the sanctuary. One by one, he decapitates all the sleeping immortals, making his way to Conner who has begun to awaken and is trying to escape...Before we can learn of Conner's fate, we are then introduced to Duncan MacLeod, Conner's relative who is disturbed by a vision of killing during his training. He then goes to visit his friend, fellow immortal, Methos, who tells him of the Sanctuary. Duncan is in disbelief that Conner would ever desire to go there, but Methos concludes that Conner would do so as to protect the last living members of the people he loved. After the bloody sanctuary aftermath, Guardian Matthew Hale, observes the bloodshed and tells his men that they will now seek out "volunteers" to avoid the battle from continuing and the prize from being won. Duncan then has a memory of his adventures with Conner in Kildare Ireland in 1712, and how they rescued a beautiful lady named Kate from being waylaid by Highwaymen. Duncan later married Kate, and Conner arrived to tell him that Kate had the opportunity to become an immortal if killed suddenly. Of two minds about the issue, Duncan is unsure as to what to do of the matter. Conner encourages him to let Kate go, but Duncan is unable to. In a fit of impulse he kills Kate suddenly, only for her to awaken and scream in horror at what her husband is done. She flees his life and does not return. Duncan then travels to Conner's abandoned wreck of a home and is attacked by Kate who is still angry at Duncan for making her an immortal. After a battle with more immortals who attack, Kell arrives. However, before anything else can continue, Duncan is shot many times by an impatient immortal and falls out of a window where he is collected by Hale's men. The impatient immortal is executed by Kell for his actions in allowing Duncan to escape. Duncan finds himself being strapped to a hibernation device by Hale, but is unable to escape. Hale leaves and Duncan is taken over by sleep after Hale injects him with a drug. While out, Duncan has a memory of the time Conner appeared to him the moment Duncan became an immortal after a swift death in a battle. Duncan awakens to find himself being rescued by watcher Joe Dawson and Methos. They travel to a graveyard where Duncan enters alone and finds Conner, who tells him that Kell had the opportunity to kill him in the sanctuary but let him live in order to continue terrorizing him. Kell and Kate arrive. Kell taunts Conner, explaining that it has been him all along who has been killing everyone Conner loves in recompense for Conner killing his father the priest. Kell challenges Conner to a fight where they stand, and Conner accepts despite Duncan reminding him that it is against the Immortal's code of honor to fight on holy ground. The battle is very short and one-sided as Kell easily overpowers Conner and beats him to the ground, continuously taunting him, before leaving with Kate. Duncan offers to help Conner but Conner leaves in a huff, knowing that Kell will try to kill Duncan in order to make Conner';s life more miserable. That night, Duncan tracks down Kate in her modeling career and asks her why she is working with Kell. She explains that she only feels hate towards Duncan and sees that parallel with Kell in his hatred for Conner. However, after Duncan goes home and tries to sleep, Kate follows behind and enters his home. Despite initially fearing that she is there to kill him, Duncan then realizes that Kate is not here for that reason. The two then have passionate sex, paralleling the erotic experience they shared on their wedding night decades earlier. Afterwards, Kate's ill feelings toward Duncan return and she storms out of his home, only for her to track her down and tell her that it is not too late for forgiveness. Kate arrives back at Kell's lair where she and the other immortals realize that Kell will soon kill them and take their quickening when he no longer needs their services. Soon after, Kell gathers them all together in a mock representation of the last supper and decapitates them all one by one, finishing with Kate. Duncan has a vision of Kate's death and is struck with grief. He is then confronted by Conner on a nearby rooftop, who explains that Kell will not stop until both of them are dead, and that together, neither of them will beat Kell, and one must kill the other. Duncan refuses, prompting Conner to attack him. The two battle with swords all the while Duncan begging Conner not to continue. Conner then locks Duncan into a sword move to which Duncan is invincible against his opponent. Seeing what is conspiring, Duncan begs Conner not to continue, only to be met with Conner's last signs of humanity and love. Duncan tearfully tells Conner that he loves him and Conner smiles sadly, nodding in agreement. Duncan wrests his sword free from Conner's grip and swiftly decapitates him, killing Conner once and for all. Duncan then receives Conner's quickening and is overcome with emotion with the memories he sees of Conner's past lives. Duncan, strengthened with Conner's quickening, goes after Kell and the two do battle in an abandoned power plant. Kell beats Duncan around and comes close to killing him but hesitates in order to taunt him further. Duncan then tries his invincible move upon Kell but Kell deflects his move with a hidden dagger, and beats him down once more. However, Duncan's voice alters to that of Conner's as does his face which distracts Kell. Duncan then leaps over Kell and decapitates him in one bold stroke of his sword, before kicking his body off of the parapet and into a pool stating defiantly (in Conner's voice) "There can be only one, and you are not it!" Duncan is struck with Kell's overwhelmingly powerful quickening and is overcome with power and might. He collapses, spent to his knees, before making his way up as the victor, having finally gained the prize. He then visits Conner's grave, for which is in Scotland and tearfully pays his respect to Conner's memory saying, "I hope you've found peace, Conner."
tt0211443
Action,Horror,Sci-Fi
In 2008, Jason Voorhees is captured by the U.S. government and is being held at the Crystal Lake Research Facility. Two years later, Rowan LaFontaine, a government scientist, decides to place Jason in cryogenic suspension after several unsuccessful attempts to kill him. While Private Samuel Johnson places a blanket on Jason (who is hanging in chains) Dr. Aloysius Bartholomew Wimmer, Segeant Marcus, and a few soldiers hope to conduct further research into Jason's rapid cellular regeneration and instead try to take Jason. They pull off the blanket of what is supposedly Jason, but find a dead Johnson instead. Having broken free of his restraints, Jason kills the team of soldiers. Wimmer is killed by being impaled with a thrown machete. Rowan then spots Marcus thrown through the door. Before dying, he tells her to run. Rowan successfully lures him into a cryonic pod and activates it. However, Jason ruptures the pod with his machete and stabs Rowan in the abdomen, spilling cryonic fluid into the sealed room and freezing them both. In the year 2455, Earth has become too polluted to support life and humanity has moved to a new planet, called Earth Two located about 20 light years in the next solar system. Three students, Tsunaron, Janessa, and Azrael are on a field trip to the ruins of Earth One, led by Professor Brandon Lowe who is accompanied by an android, KM-14. They enter the Crystal Lake facility and find the still frozen Jason and Rowan, whom they bring to their spaceship, the Grendel. Also on the ship are Lowe's remaining students, Kinsa, Waylander, and Stoney. Once there, they reanimate Rowan while Jason is pronounced dead and left in the morgue. Lowe's intern, Adrienne, is ordered to dissect Jason's body. Lowe, who is in serious debt, calls his financial backer Dieter Perez of the Solaris who notes that Jason's body could be worth a substantial amount to a collector. While Stoney has sex with Kinsa, Jason comes back to life, and kills Adrienne by sticking her head in a sink filled with liquid nitrogen and smashing it against a counter top. Jason then takes a machete-shaped surgical tool and makes his way through the ship. He kills Stoney by impaling him with the surgical tool, and drags him away, to Kinsa's horror. Seargent Brodski finds out, and leads a group of soldiers to attack Jason. Meanwhile, Jason attacks Dallas and Azrael playing a game. He kills Azrael by breaking his back, and later Dallas is killed after having his face smashed on the wall. He then tries to attack Crutch, but Brodski and his soldiers save him by gunning him down. Jason disappears, and Brodski splits them up. Jason kills them one by one though. Sven is killed by having his neck broken. Condor is impaled on a drill. Geko is murdered after Jason slits her throat. Jason attacks Kicker, but he shoots him, causing him to back up and get impaled on a grappel. While Kicker tells Brodski, Jason unhooks himself and splits Kicker in half, killing him. Brodski tries looking for his soldiers, but comes across the dead body of Briggs impaled on a hook. Brodski is then impaled by two spikes through a wall, injuring him. Lowe orders Pilot Lou to dock in on Solaris. As he is talking with the Solaris engineer, he is then killed by Jason. With no pilot, the ship crashes through a nearby space station, destroying it, and killing Dieter Perez, and everyone else on the Solaris. The crash damages one of the Grendel's pontoon sections. Jason breaks into the lab, reclaiming his machete and decapitates Lowe. With the ship badly damaged, the remaining survivors head for Grendel's shuttle, while Tsunaron heads elsewhere with KM-14. After finding Lou's remains, Crutch and Waylander prepare the shuttle. Rowan finds Brodski, but is too heavy for her to carry, so she leaves to get help. Waylander leaves to help with him, while Crutch prepares the shuttle himself. Suddenly, Crutch is attacked and killed by having his head smashed on the control panel. On board the shuttle, Kinsa has a panic attack and launches the shuttle without releasing the fuel line causing it to crash into the ship's hull and explode, immolating her. Suddenly, Seargent Brodski attacks Jason, but is easily overpowered. Tsunaron reappears with an upgraded KM-14, complete with an array of weapons and new combat skills. She fights Jason off and seemingly kills him, knocking him into a nanite-equipped medical station, and blasting off his right arm, left leg, his right rib cage and finally part of his head. The survivors send out a distress call and receive a reply from a nearby patrol shuttle. Nearly an hour passes, as the survivors begin setting explosive charges to separate the remaining pontoon from the main drive section. As they work, Jason is brought back to life by the damaged medical station. Since much of his biological tissue was destroyed, he is rebuilt as an even more powerful cyborg. Jason then easily defeats KM-14 by punching her head off. As Tsunaron picks up her still functioning head, Jason attacks them, but is stopped by Waylander, who sacrifices himself by setting off the charges while the others escape. Jason survives and is blown back onto the shuttle. He punches a hole through the hull, sucking out Janessa. A power failure with the docking door forces Brodski to go EVA to fix it. Meanwhile, a hard light holographic simulation of Crystal Lake is created to distract Jason, but he sees through the deception just as the door is fixed. Brodski confronts Jason so the rest can escape. As they leave, the pontoon explodes, again propelling Jason at high-speed towards the survivors, however, Brodski intercepts Jason in mid-flight and maneuvers them both into the atmosphere of Earth Two, apparently killing them both. Tsunaron assures KM-14 that he will build a new body for her while Rowan breathes a sigh of relief. On the planet, two teens beside a forest lake set off to find where a "falling star" landed as Jason's mask sinks to the bottom of the lake.
tt0349467
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Brenda Martin (Julianne Moore), a single mom works at a day care at Armstrong housing project in Dempsy, New Jersey. Brenda lives in the small blue-collar town of Gannon, which is connected to Dempsy, but Gannon is considered the better of the two communities. After work, Brenda walks into the emergency room with blood all over her hands, and the Dempsy Police are called to the hospital. Police detective Lorenzo Council (Samuel L. Jackson) is on the case. Brenda tells detective Council that she was carjacked and assaulted by a black man in the housing projects. After some time goes by, Brenda finally breaks down and tells Council that her four-year old son, Cody, was asleep in the back seat of the car. The two communities begin to search for the kidnapped child. However, the carjacking suspect is presumed to come from the projects, and racial tension comes to the surface, pitting the two towns, and the white cops and black cops against each other. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) (...continued by KrystelClaire) Brenda has to be taken to hospital. She is hysterical, and her two hands are bloodied and wounded, presumably because the male criminal pulled her out of the car violently and dragged her through the leaves and twigs dirty ground. It also happens that Brenda used to be a drug addict five years ago, and that her brother is also a cop. Danny Martin (Ron Eldard) arrives at the hospital from work and produces a caption photograph of the little boy, Cody (Marlon Sherman). She speaks of a mysterious young black man who tapped on the windowglass of her car. Lorenzo knows that the case has potential to escalate out of control because of the race stint of the case. Some of his workmates even deem Lorenzo unfit to lead the case to a good end, because of his diabetes and his unsharp mind. Brenda doesn't seem to take stress well. She was distracted at hospital by the ramblings of several patients (Colman Domingo & Teodorina Bello) in the same room as her. She asks another cop (Jason Furlani) if he's got a child, and he shows a picture he's carrying with him inside of his uniform cap. When pressured by Lorenzo, Brenda seems to be unable to take control of her own emotions, and she slaps herself repeatedly. The area is cordoned off. A man tries to escape from a window, and he eventually falls down. There is chaos everywhere, the police are unable to stop the complaining tenants, and there are questions again of the abilities of Lorenzo to remain detached in the case. Lorenzo accompanies Brenda almost everywhere, even to her home, to check her out. Outside her home, she finds two cars parked, which worries him, so he goes to check them out. Marie (LaTanya Richardson Jackson) says that the matter may escalate out of control, because Brenda was almost a public figure, well-known, cherished and respected in the community, so there's need for the case to be wrapped up nicely and fast. Outside, Lorenzo leaves with the keys of a drunk young man who was about to drive off. The black car follows him in the night with two women in it. Lorenzo talks to them. Karen Collucci (Edie Falco) belongs to an organization who looks for disappeared children. Lorenzo knows that they found the body of a boy, Cory Baker, who had disappeared in another case, so he takes their card. Lorenzo visits his brother, Jason Council (Dorian Missick), who's doing time in jail. He's got himself a tattoo of Tupak, the rapper. They joke about not wanting to have Tiger Woods tattooed in his arms. Other cops, like Lt Gold (Peter Friedman) are going around looking in people's homes almost randomly, which creates more angst and anger in the residents. Lorenzo thinks that nobody in the projects knows anything, in spite of the kidnapping having happened in the woods nearby. Another possibility which is going around is that Brenda is faking everything. She hurt or killed the child and now she's playing the suffering distraught mother, but Lorenzo doesn't really believe in that possibility, as she has looked into his eyes and showed to him how much she's suffering, as he tells to another cop. This other cop tells Lorenzo to pass the case to him, unless he gets burnout. An angry tennant (Gil Deeble) acknowledges Lorenzo "Hey, man, whacha gonna do about this?". Lorenzo sets to work but doesn't answer. Danny is present when Lorenzo tries to question Brenda again. Danny thinks that Brenda may have started to use drugs again, which she denies strongly. When Danny looks at her with skepticism, she starts to bang on a wall with her bandaged swollen hands. Danny leaves, freaked out. Marie and Lorenzo stay with calmed-down Brenda. She puts on her handsets to isolate herself. There is chaos on the projects, with media asking questions, angered tenants and crazy bystanders. Brenda keeps on being vague about what happened that night, so Lorenzo sits down and asks her whether she killed her son. She looks a bit crazy, and as though she were overacting. She says that having her baby made her a million times better. Lorenzo tells her that he believes in god, and that there is something in the back of her head. Lorenzo tells her that he won't rest until he finds her son. When Brenda comes back to her primary school classroom, all the children hug her. She says that she's okay, and she shows her pupils the photograph of Cody. Meanwhile, Lorenzo asks the substitute teacher about Brenda. Lorenzo learns that she didn't work the day of the kidnapping at all. Cheryl Willis (Herself) is on TV, sending a public message asking for the public to give information anonymously; it is also Danny's plea. The cops are going door-to-door asking people about that night, and Rafik (Fly Williams III) runs away. A mother of one of Brenda's pupils tells her to stay away from her child. Back at the police station, the cops hit Rafik for no particular reason. Vicky (Haneefah Wood) and Doreen (Portia) get hysterical when they see that. Rafik's only crime looks to have been possession. His superiors want Lorenzo off the case, but he wants to go on with it, believing that there is a lot Brenda is holding back about what happened that night. He asks Karen for help while Danny keeps on appearing on TV. He asks her whether she has been to Freedomland, and she questions back if they still look for rookies there. Karen talks to Brenda in front to Marie, Louis, Elaine (Donna Cutugno) and Tina (Genevieve Hudson-Price). Brenda doesn't look to be interested in talking to them and refuses to speak of that night. Only 24 hours have passed by at this point. In the area, there are four places where the child could be, but three of them have been eliminated (a park, a golf course, a cemetery), as there is no place to hide there and they have all been checked out. That only leaves them Freedomland, an old estate children's home behind some woods, which was shut down in the 1950's. They are all going there to check it out, including Brenda and Lorenzo. There are leaflets being passed with photographs of Cody Martin. Brenda doesn't want to enter the place. A priest (Philip Bosco) is telling people to enter Freedomland and search the place for Cody's body. There are dogs and hundreds of volunteers with sticks. Elaine and Tina tell their stories, and they are doing that because of sympathy. They look among the debris inside the main building. The place is not too safe, so Lorenzo tells everybody to stay together. Brenda starts whimpering again and doesn't want to be left alone. There are ragged dolls and childrens' shoes everywhere. Brenda first lays herself down and then leaves the building. Karen speaks to her, and Brenda rocks herself back and forth, like a crazy woman. Brenda says that she wasn't there. Finally, she says where Cody is. In the woods, she can't find the exact spot. There are some stones placed in a particular way. Karen finds it, and Brenda says that she buried Cody all on her own. Lorenzo insists that Brenda picks one of the stones: they are really heavy. Brenda couldn't have done it on her own; Lorenzo tells her that one lie more, and he's off the case. Outside, while they take Brenda away, a man is telling everybody that white people still blame all crimes on blacks. They find the body, but Lorenzo is still unsure that she should be charged on homicide grounds. The same cop who first devised and organized the blockade, now wants to get rid of it and wash his hands. Lorenzo says that there was never any reason for the blockade, apart from the cop's attitude, that the blockade would only affect a bunch of black animals on welfare (Lorenzo's quote, not mine). Danny arrives, asking for a lawyer for Brenda. She says that there was a Billy UnknownSurname with her. She used to try to help children at the Rainbow Club. Billy (Anthony Mackie) was unemployed at that time. Felicia thought that he was full of crap, but Brenda identified with him. Brenda can't resist the pressure of having to take care of Cody 24 hours a day. When she wants to go out, sometimes he'd wake up and cry for her. Billy and Brenda want to go out together, but Cody starts calling for her. Cody tells her that if she went, she'd be sorry. There is a lot of rambling on Brenda's part. When she returns home, she smells something awful, probably the cough syrup Cody had on his own. At that point, she is convinced that Cody is dead, because "a mother always knows". Lorenzo tries to tell her that it was an accident. Brenda says she's done and that she wants to be charged. Lorenzo tries to convince to talk about Billy, so that he can be charged as well. Billy took Cody's body wrapped in a blanket and buried him where Brenda told him. Lorenzo's bleeper sounds. Brenda becomes hysterical and asks if Cody is OK. Lorenzo will charge her with homicide. Lorenzo starts speaking into a microphone. Brenda becomes violently hysterical, shouting like a madwoman. Three police officers are needed to take her away. Billy Williams arrives, also arrested. He says to Lorenzo that he only helped Brenda. Meanwhile, there is a riot on the streets. People are running all over the place, there is fire everywhere, Lorenzo and other cops arrive at the place. The riot police and the crowd are face-to-face. Lorenzo and the rest are trying to calm people down. There is a moment of quiet when Lorenzo prevents a boy from burning some boxes. Rafik looks to a particular riot police officer. Lorenzo tells one of the riot police officers to back off so that the people will have the opportunity to back off as well. Rafik steps in and punches one of them, as if he had something private against him. This is an all-out war. Mayhem ensues. Lorenzo gets in the middle and he gets punched / hit with a club. He thinks he sees ---- staring at him. He remembers Cody, the child Brenda thinks she saw at hospital. Lorenzo passes out. A judge (Patricia Mauceri) charges Brenda Martin with the murder of Cody. Her attorney (Richard Price) almost has to answer on her behalf. Lorenzo is there, sad but not hurt. Brenda is on suicide watch. Lorenzo feels responsible somehow. Brenda suddenly blurts out that she loves him and kisses him on his lips and leaves. Lorenzo also checks on his brother. Lorenzo cries and hugs his brother. He goes to the site where Cody's body was found: there is a shrine of photographs, flowers, balloons outside derelict Freedomland.
tt1414378
Action,Adventure,Drama
The opening credits state that the Boer War between 1899 and 1902 was the first time New Zealanders fought abroad with 6,000 volunteering to fight alongside the British against the South African Boers. When the war ended some of the defeated Boers, having lost families and farms, joined the returning soldiers in search of a new home. It's 1903 at a New Zealand harbour. Major Pritchard Carlysle is having breakfast and scrutinising the docking list for the day. He's startled and intrigued to see the name of Arjan van Diemen and asks his aide to get customs to pull him aside and escort him to see Carlysle. Sergeant Saunders intercepts the aide and discovers who is being stopped. He is fuming as he served in South Africa and recognised the name of van Diemen as the butcher of British soldiers and marches down to the docks. At the custom office Arjan van Diemen's (Ray Winstone) gaze falls on three young girls. He is brought out of his reverie by the Customs Officer. On being asked why he has come so far, he replies he is curious - curious to find out why New Zealanders crossed two oceans to help the British burn down his farm. Before the bemused man can reply, Saunders arrives, pulls a gun on van Diemen, disarms and arrests him and marches him off to Major Carlysle. Major Carlysle is furious, orders Saunders to return his gun and apologises to van Diemen saying some don't realise the war is over. He recalls he spent two years in the Transvaal trying to track van Diemen down then seems uncomfortable with his reminisces and sincerely hopes van Diemen finds a new farm. The scene switches to a stable where a Maori called Kereama (Temuera Morrison) has been having sex with Lucy a local prostitute. She asks him about a pouch around his neck which contains the dust of his grandfather's homeland. He is respectful to her and builds up her self esteem by saying she would be considered a beauty and a princess in his culture. A drunk Saunders with two corporals stagger out of a bar and notice the stable lights are on. He catches Kereama talking to Lucy and decides to teach him a lesson. At first Kereama takes the beating but then angrily shouts at them in his native tongue. They go back to beat him up again and Lucy tries to intervene. They push her aside and in the fight Saunders attempts to kill Kereama with a pitchfork but ends up killing his own corporal. Saunders panics and accuses Kereama of the murder who flees. The other corporal backs him up. Lucy is bearing a bruise on her face, and giving a frightened look to the glaring corporal, then corroborates their story. Major Carlysle arrives and is none too convinced the soldiers are telling the truth. He orders Saunders and the corporal back to barracks and organises a search party of six with a local tracker called Bryce. He refuses the offer of dogs, saying he won't be part of a blood sport. He sees van Diemen at the site and offers him money if he will join them. 100 sovereigns if he catches the Maori alive or 25 sovereigns dead. Van Diemen asks a local constable about the Maori and finds he's an expert harpoonist who left his whaling ship the previous day. The search party sets off next morning down the beach and Bryce follows the wrong tracks in the belief Kereama is intent on going further down the beach to catch another ship. Van Diemen believes the fugitive is not running away but has come home and sets off alone inland where he picks up the trail. By the end of the day Bryce realises he has been following the wrong trail. A soldier snarls they should have got the dogs but Major Carlysle orders them back to the spot where they lost the trail to pick it up again. Meanwhile van Diemen is now hot on the trail, and captures Kereama the following morning. That night van Diemen gets out his Bible and to his surprise Kereama completes the passage he was reading from memory saying he had been taught by the missionary school and also by his grandfather who said to know your enemy, you have to know his God. Kereama also asks to see the picture in van Diemen's watchcase that he keeps looking at and discovers a picture of van Diemen's family his wife and three little girls one aged eight and twins aged six. Van Diemen curtly says they are no longer alive. Next day Kereama overpowers van Diemen in a river but can't leave him to drown so pulls him out which leads to the tables being turned again. Kereama argues his grandfather lost and brought shame to their nation, as did the Boers against the British. He keeps asking how van Diemen's wife died which enrages van Diemen who looks to shoot him. However Kereama first apologises then asks again later. Van Diemen explains that the British set fire to their farms and drove off their women and children like cattle to camps where many died of sickness. But he doesn't know how his family died. They keep arguing over their respective reasons for hating the British although van Diemen denies he does. He does say that during the Boer War he and his men cut off the trigger finger of the bravest officers they captured - only the bravest - as a sign of respect. Kereama says there is no hope for him then. As the search party turns inland and the terrain becomes harder, Major Carlysle sends one of his men back to base with the horses and to get more supplies as this was taking longer than he had hoped. In a later conversation with a rookie soldier, he advises him to be sure he could give his children a worthy answer as to what he had done in defence of the realm. Kereama escapes again from van Diemen and there is a frantic chase climaxing in a vicious fight between the two men. Kereama has the chance to finish off van Diemen but refuses to do so, saying he is no killer. At that point Bryce appears with a gun followed by the rest of the search party. Major Carlysle thanks van Diemen for his efforts in securing the capture of Kereama, promising him the 100 sovereigns. Then they spy Saunders riding back with the provisions. Major Carlysle is not happy to see him. He rebukes him later when he catches Saunders glaring at Kereama ordering him to remember that this is not a vendetta. As they camp that night, van Diemen asks for meat and goes to feed Kereama who has been tied to a tree. They talk to van Diemen about the so-called freedom he was fighting for back in South Africa and Kereama telling how he was forced to watch the British kill his grandfather. He tried to bury him but was too small and ran away. He always knew he would one day come back to set them free. Van Diemen asks if this was why he came back in order to restore family honour. Kereama replies that it was, and that he had almost made it home over the next ridge but van Diemen had denied him. Van Diemen goes back to the soldiers without his knife. Kereama discovers this and waits until most are asleep, and uses the knife to cuts his ropes. He then overpowers the rookie guard and escapes. When his flight is discovered the next morning, Bryce is suspicious about the circumstances but van Diemen leaves first saying he has a score to settle. Saunders then tells Major Carlysle that the rookie's gun is missing which means they must now be prepared to shoot to kill on sight, much to the Major's reluctance. As they move off, the camera clearly shows the rifle lying on the ground. Van Diemen leaves a false trail for Bryce and the search party so he can buy time for Kereama. He tracks him down preparing to enter his ancestors' sacred cave. Whilst Kereama is in there, van Diemen kneels down outside with the Bible open and the picture of his family in view and prays. Kereama emerges and they leave together, van Diemen now protecting Kereama. Kereama says he's still curious to know why they cut off the trigger finger of those British officers in the Boer War? Van Diemen simply replies it was a sin to kill and this stopped good men from sinning. Kereama realises he can no longer run and when they get to a small waterfall, van Diemen encourages him to stand and fight with him. He gives him his pistol but Kereama refuses, again saying he is not a killer. When they see the search party getting close, Kereama asks for a favour - for van Diemen to shoot him so he doesn't die like his grandfather. He hands the gun back to van Diemen and turns his back on him. Van Diemen hesitates then fires. As the search party approaches, van Diemen is standing at the edge of the pool with Kereama's body lying face down under the waterfall. Van Diemen hands a bloodied bandage to the Major which contains an index finger. He tells the Major it was another trophy for his Majesty's government and says Kereama had courage and deserves respect. This enrages Saunders who wants Kereama's head but one punch from van Diemen sends him sprawling back down the hill. Major Carlysle turns to leave as well but van Diemen insists that Kereama's body should be carried down and buried. The Major says sorry but enough time has already been spent. Now back at his base Major Carlysle idly watches a man wash the back of his head, face down under a standpipe. A slow realisation comes over him and he shouts out that he's alive and he wants a soldier at every port and whaling station looking for a Maori with a missing index finger. The order is to bring him back alive. The final scene is on a beach where a small group of passengers are waiting for a launch to take them to a ship bound for Australia. Major Carlysle on horseback rides down the beach up to van Diemen sitting away from the group. He dismounts and gives van Diemen 25 guineas reward. He tells him that he knows the Maori's still alive. There is a flashback to the waterfall scene where we see van Diemen shoot to miss and Kereama just stand there. Van Diemen then pistol-whips him so he falls down the small waterfall into the pool. Van Diemen races down to place Kereama face down under the waterfall and then pulls out a knife. Back to the beach and the Major cannot understand why van Diemen let him go but says he must have had his reasons. Van Diemen accepts the money and says its quite a sum but why so generous? Then realisation dawns on him. He squares up to Major Carlysle and looks him in the eye and asks whether he gave the order to burn down his farm and whether there was anyone still in the farm as it burned. Major Carlysle assures van Diemen he did not give the order nor was there anyone in the farm while it burned. Van Diemen is satisfied and they part as he gets in the launch and the Major back on his horse The scene switches back to the waterfall where Kereama comes to and sees he's alone and still free It switches forward to the present where Major Carlysle, who, as he is riding away, calls after van Diemen that every whaling station is being watched and that the Maori won't be free for long. The scene switches back to Kereama arriving at a station where a clerk gives him papers to sign and watches carefully. Then the clerk gives an imperceptible shake of the head to a soldier nearby who sits back with a shrug. Kereama hands back the pen and leaves. Finally we are back to the launch as Major Carlysle gallops off down the beach, van Diemen puffs on his pipe and the camera pans down to his hand with a bandage over a stump where his index finger should be. He takes out his watchcase and looks at the photo of his family and as a tear trickles down his face he smiles at them at peace with himself.
tt0337909
Comedy,Drama
Based on a true story, eleven middle-aged Englishwomen pose nude for their annual Women's Institute calendar as a fund-raiser for the local hospital. Chris (Helen Mirren) gets the idea to raise money for the hospital after Annie's (Julie Walters) husband dies of leukemia. The calendar is a little different in that each woman is posing behind a different task that the Women's Institute teaches their members, such as making bread rolls, knitting, planting flowers, and playing the piano. Before they know it, the calendar is a big hit in England with tremendous sales. Eventually, they are flown to American to be interviewed by Jay Leno. The calendar has made almost a million dollars for the local hospital. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0249478
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
Susan Morrison (Teri Polo), recently divorced from her husband Frank (John Travolta) who is a struggling boat builder, is getting married to an industrialist who is younger and wealthier. His name is Rick Barnes (Vince Vaughn). Danny (Matt O'Leary), Susan and Frank's 12 year old son is clearly unhappy with his mother re-marrying. The revelation that Susan and Rick are expecting a baby, worsens the situation. Susan asks Frank to allow Rick to go sailing with him and Danny, to help Danny bond with and accept Rick as a stepfather. After the marriage and a brief improvement in Danny and Rick's relationship, Danny begins to dislike him once again. During a game of catch between the two, Rick clearly becomes agitated with Danny's ambivalent playing style and starts criticizing him harshly, as well as dealing some hard throws toward Danny. Danny learns about the new baby when he overhears Susan and Rick talking about it. He's very upset and wants to go talk to his father. Susan tells him no, so he sneaks out of his room and stows away in Rick's Chevy Suburban, as Rick announced he needed to go take care of some business downtown, and that was close to where Frank lived. Rick drives to a small motel and picks up a man named Ray Coleman (Steve Buscemi), who'd earlier attended the wedding unannounced, claiming to be an ex-business associate of Rick. Rick and Ray had also met earlier at the motel and had a discussion about their time in prison together and some money that Rick owed Ray. Rick drives Ray to a brickworks warehouse, telling Ray that he had hidden the money there, but once inside the building, Rick stabs Ray to death and he places the body in a kiln and incinerates it. Danny witnesses all this and was nearly discovered, first by Ray and then by Rick, but he manages to escape outside in the rain and runs to Frank's house. Frank hears the story and takes Danny to the police department to report the murder. Rick is widely considered a pillar of the local community, as he has invested plenty of money in the area, whereas Danny has a history of lying and misdemeanors. Plus, there's no evidence that Ray Coleman existed or had been murdered. So, Rick is not arrested. Frank, however, believes his son because Danny has never lied to him. Frank also had initial suspicions about Rick, stemming from Rick's notable unease around Coleman at the wedding ceremony. Because of Danny's continuing fear of Rick, and the lack of serious interest by police Sgt. Edgar Stevens (Ruben Santiago-Hudson) in any further investigating, Frank does some investigating of his own. He tracks down the motel where Ray Coleman had stayed, he learns of Coleman's criminal past which leads him to Rick's real name and criminal past. Frank learns that Rick's real name is Jack Parnell and he's a criminal who was acquitted while his partners, which included Coleman, were convicted. Rick realizes that Frank has been snooping around and is getting too close for comfort, so he sneaks up on Frank at the boat shop and clubs him unconscious, then sets the boat shop on fire. He accidentally sets his shirt on fire too, burning part of his arm. Frank regains consciousness in time to escape the conflagration. Danny and Susan watch a story about the boat house fire on the news, and Susan is surprised to see Rick in the bathroom treating the burn on his arm. She sneaks back to Danny and tells him to get ready to leave. Rick encounters them on the way out and asks where they are going. Susan tells him that they just learned about the boat shop fire and Danny wanted to go check on his father. Rick offers to drive, but Susan says Danny would prefer he not go with them. Just as Danny and Susan are in the car in the garage, the phone in the house rings. It's Frank calling. Rick answers but Frank hangs up the phone. Rick sees who it was on the caller ID. He rushes out to the garage where Susan is taking to Frank on her cell phone. Rick pulls Susan out of the car and gets in the driver's seat. Susan slams the car door on his arm and she and Danny escape into the house. They lock all the doors and try to call the police, but Rick has disconnected the phone line. He then crashes through a window into the house and struggles with Susan, knocking her down and out. Rick is preparing to take Danny hostage and make his escape, but Frank arrives and they engage in a brawl in the garage. Rick seems to have the upper hand until Danny, even though his hands are tied behind his back, is able to catapult his body into the back of Rick's legs, knocking him off balance so that his next swing at Frank with a crow bar instead hits the electrical fuse box and he is electrocuted. Susan experiences a miscarriage during the struggle with Rick, so there will be no daily reminder for her and her family of the bad experience they all had.
tt1575539
Drama,Romance
In the opening scene, the paths of two women cross. They are Elena Winters (Necar Zadegan), a mother and pastor's wife, and Peyton Lombard (Traci Dinwiddie), a well-known lesbian writer. They are both in their late 30s and while they are walking down a park pathway, both make eye contact with each other before walking their separate ways. The movie opens in two places - following the two protagonists - first, within a church, where Elena's teenage stepson, Nash, refuses to support an anti-homosexual protest, and then within a funeral service for Peyton's recently deceased mother. Elena and her husband Barry (Gary Weeks) are trying to conceive but it becomes clear that their efforts have been unsucessfull when Barry rebukes Elena after her period starts. Meanwhile, Peyton starts cleaning out her mother's things from her house, having flashbacks of her emotionally troubled mother as she works. Peyton finds a tape entitled 'Women's Glory Project' with her things, and becomes obsessed with it. Elena visits her friend Tyler for advice, telling him that she and Barry are going to adopt instead of trying to have another child. He asks "what's in it for her," and insists (as he's apparently done in the past) that Barry is not her soul mate, or "twin flame." Even so, he pushes her to go to the adoption, saying that "someone is definitely coming into her life, in a big way." Peyton and Elena meet once again at the adoption agency. They briefly speak as Peyton returns Elena's lost keys to her. They exchange business cards after Peyton mentions that she might have use for a photographer (which Elena was prior to marrying Barry). Peyton's lesbian best friend, Wave (Mary Wells), drags her to a 'love guru' (who happens to be Tyler) where Peyton and Elena meet again. Elena finds out that Peyton is gay as they talk about their marriages. Peyton calls Elena the next day, inquiring if Elena would help her with continuing her mother's Women's Glory Project, and make plans for Elena to visit the next day with her portfolio. They meet once again, and it's revealed that Peyton's an agoraphobic with substantial difficulties trusting. They bond over the next few weeks - over picnics with Tyler, and late-night glasses of wine. Later, Elena takes better professional photographs of Peyton for her books, and they discuss their upbringings and how they knew they were straight and gay, respectively. One day, Peyton calls Wave asking for advice on her feelings for Elena, and her friend tells her to be honest with Elena about said feelings, unaware that Elena has some of her own. She visits Peyton later, after being avoided for some time, showing up at her door with the printed photographs. At the unexpected visit, Peyton discloses her feelings to Elena and suggests that they not spend time together. Elena violently rebukes that idea, telling Peyton that she's her absolute best friend, that they need to be in each others lives, and that Peyton can have "all of her except for that (meaning physically romantic encounters)." Subsequently, however, Elena begins to rapidly examine her own feelings. Elena calls Peyton after exploring lesbian websites, saying that she's not attracted to them and doesn't think she's a lesbian (leaving the viewer aware that she is attracted to Peyton). This is followed by an uncharacteristically (up to this point) passionate statement from Elena asking if she and Peyton could agree to call her feeling a serious "crush." Her husband walks up in the middle of the call, causing her to quickly end it, which appears even more suspicious. The following day, Elena comes over to Peyton's house and makes out with her passionately (in a long, three-minute unbroken shot) before leaving. As time passes, Elena begins wanting more from her relationship with Peyton. Another day or two later, while over at Peyton's house to look over more of the photo shots that she took, she suddenly asks Peyton to make love with her. At first Peyton refuses, saying that "once they go there, there's no going back." Elena tells her that she doesn't want to go back. As they're having sex, Peyton asks Elena to stay with her, though it's unclear whether she means physically or emotionally. The next day, both Elena and Peyton happily confide in Tyler and Wave about their newfound sexual tryst with each other. Tyler is happy and supportive to Elena, while Wave disapproves to Peyton, reminding her that Elena is married and straight. Peyton yet is happy in her new romance with Elena and doesn't want it to end. One morning after another night of lovemaking between them, Elena and Peyton get into a bit of an inquisition when Peyton asks how Barry comes on to Elena and when and how often they have sex. Elena tells her that they don't have sex anymore, and also tells her that they're going on an annual vacation to Hawaii together. Peyton writes intimate letters to Elena as she's away, and Nash is the one that finds them as he's looking for some aspirin in her suitcase. The toll of having two partners starts to eat away at Elena, and she begins to get in more fights with both Barry and Peyton. Nash starts stealing and drinking from the stress of keeping Elena's affair with Peyton secret, and ends up getting caught by the police after getting drunk and returning to the store he stole from. When Elena comes back and confronts him about it, he tells her that he knows of her affair with Peyton and she explains (briefly) that she does not intend to stop seeing her. Elena returns to Tyler out of desperation for answers as to why she's been set on this path, and meets Peyton later and kisses her in the park, oblivious to Millie seeing them together. Millie then calls Barry and tells him about Elena's affair. Peyton tells her that they should probably break up, because of all the complications arising for Elena. Elena insists that they don't, asking Peyton rhetorically if she ever saw a future of them together. They break up and Elena walks off as Millie goes to Barry and tells him about the affair to his face. Elena breaks up with Barry, telling him that Nash needs the real them, not the fighting couple that they've become. Six months later. Wave and Peyton are taking a walk in the park and run into Tori and Nash, also doing the same. Elena also comes up, walking with Tyler and his wife. She's now pregnant, and at first Peyton freaks out, thinking that Elena played her and was sleeping with Barry the entire time they were together. Elena faints, and Nash gets Peyton and Elena to talk together at Tyler's house so Elena can explain that she broke up and is getting divorced from Barry, but still wanted a child, to have some hope in her life and that she received IVF with Tyler's 'contribution,' and asks Peyton to try and understand. Peyton apologizes to Elena and they kiss. The final scene shows another of Tyler's picnics with Peyton and Elena together with their infant.
tt0430431
Biography,Drama,History
One Night with the King is the story of Esther, a book in the Old Testament and King Artexerxis, a powerful Babylonian king. The movie is true to the Biblical account of a Jewish woman who, at the risk of her own life, stands up to the King and a man named Haman, who was almost successful in convincing the king to wipe out all of the Jews in the land. In the Bible, one of the best lines is spoken by Mordecai, Esther's uncle, who tries to assuage Esther's fear by saying, "Who knows, perhaps you have been chosen for such a time as this." Esther is portrayed as one who is not only fun-loving but brave and wise. Artexerxes is portrayed as a man who carefully measures his decisions and falls deeply in love with Esther. In the end, Haman, the man who had a gallows constructed from which to hang Mordecai whom he insisted was subversive, was hanged on his own gallows. John Goss and Tiffany Dupont portray Xerxes and Esther, with John Noble of "Fringe" in a supporting role. There is action and intrigue as is common with many Old Testament accounts. It was fun watching John Noble portray something other than crazy/brilliant.
tt0458364
Comedy,Romance
This first appeared on realmoviereview.com Though it was released worldwide as Fast Track, its US title was The Ex (likely because of a copyright issue), which doesnt really suit the film. The young stars do a good job, and there are some laughs, though the story is only slightly more elaborate than a sit com. Still, it has a few shining moments. Zach Braff is Tom Reilly, a soon-to-be father who finds himself forced to take a job with His father-in-law (Grodin in a very good performance) at an ad agency where he finds him self pitted against his wifes high school friend, and fling, Chip Sanders (Jason Bateman) for his corporate survival. This formula comedy is a mix of TVs The Office and Meet The Parents, which means that it also has a higher frustration level than I usually enjoy in my comedies, as things get progressively worse and worse for poor Tom Reilly. Still, this film will appeal to fans of the hot young cast, and of the movies mentioned above. For others, its not bad and shouldl give a giggle or two.
tt0453494
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Roy Eberhardt (Logan Lerman) is a teenager who loves living in the wide open spaces and mountains of Montana. Unfortunately for him, his father's job is forcing him to move once again, this time to a small town in Florida. As the new kid in school, Roy has the usual encounter with the school bully on the bus. While riding on the bus, Roy is also intrigued by a teenage boy who was running like the wind and passed the bus in his bare feet. The next day, Roy gets off the bus and tries to catch him, but loses him at the golf course. Roy eventually meets the boy, known as Mullet Fingers (Cody Linley). Mullet Fingers is a runaway living on an abandoned boat near the golf course and a vacant lot that is about to have a pancake house built on it. All by himself, Mullet Fingers has taken up the cause of protecting the burrow owls that are nesting on the vacant lot. If a pancake house is built on the lot, it will destroy the habitat of the burrow owls. Roy joins forces with Mullet Fingers and his sister Beatrice (Brie Larson) to save the owls. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt1411232
Action,Horror,Thriller
Sarah Tyler (Isabella Calthorpe) is driving along a winding road one night in order to return to her home in England. after a couple of years of staying in the Los Angeles in the United States. When she arrives, she greets her step-father who is working his way through a couple of paperworks. Sarah told her step-father to rest that night while she takes care of her brothers who are at the barn fixing a jeep. Sarah left the house to go to the family's barn nearby while a storm is brewing. She saw her brothers with their friends having a party at the barn. Among those partying were Stephen Moore (Peter Gadiot) and his girlfriend Emily (Gemma Atkinson), Charlie Moore (Gabriel Thomson), Gary Ashby (Tom Felton), and Doug Walker (Joshua Bowman). Also in the barn away from the noise of the party is their youngest brother Luke Moore (Anthony de Liseo) asleep amongst the hay together with their dog Stoner. Sarah woke up Luke and learned that their parents were fighting over bills and a supposed love affair of their mother with another man. She told Luke to go back to sleep and sent Stoner back home. Sarah then joined the party where she asked why she was kept out of the loop for so long. Stephen then told her that her step father accused their mother of having an affair with someone and that she is paying this man huge sums of money. Sarah can't believe that her mother is having an affair. Everyone went back to the house. There was a power outage caused by the storm. Inside, the pack went up the stairs and noticed blood dripping at the top of the stairs. Meanwhile, Gary separates from the group and ended up in the kitchen in order to look for candles. The group upstairs followed the marks of blood on the carpet and they saw that it came from their father's room. When they entered the room, everyone was shocked to see the lifeless body of their father that seemed to have been attacked by some wild animal. The rib cage can clearly be seen with some internal organs missing. Almost at the same time, Gary saw some candles and dropped them. When he reached down to get them, he saw the collar of Stoner and the bloody remains of the dog. The group upstairs suddenly saw a beast like creature which immediately attacked them. Luckily, they were able to close the door before the beast could reach them. The beast keeps on pounding furiously against the closed door when Gary called out to them. The beast immediately heard Gary and went after him and killed him the same way - ripping his internal organs out. The creature then started to go back to the closed door and furiously tried to break it open. Sarah and group then fled to the bathroom of their father's room and closed the door there. When the beast started to pound the door of the bathroom also, Sarah saw a passageway inside the bathroom going to the attic. Everyone went up it and for a moment in time they were saved. In the attic, the group contemplated on what they are going to do. Sarah mentioned that they needed to get help and her mobile phone is in her bag downstairs. Stephen's phone is dead. Sarah remembered Luke was left sleeping at the barn. Sarah then said that there is a phone in their father's room. Emily saw a pathway in the attic that leads to another opening in another room. They devised a plan in order to get to the phone. Sarah would go down through the other pathway and make distract the beast while Charlie goes down to their father's bathroom back into their father's room and use the phone there to call for help. The monster heard Sarah's screams to get it's attention and ran towards her. Meanwhile, Charlie was able to reach the phone and he tried calling the police. Sarah went back to the other opening in the attic when she noticed that the creature had stopped following her. She went outside to look for the creature and realized that it is after Charlie. Charlie was able to contact the police and mentioned about the wild animal in their house before he was attacked and killed by the beast. Sarah saw that Charlie was already being devoured by the beast. It then went after Sarah, who immediately tried to go back up the attic. Unfortunately, the beast was able to get hold and bite her leg before she managed to make her way up to the attic. On the other side of town, McRae was picked up by police officer May. Apparently they were sent to investigate the call made by Charlie about wild animals being loose at their home. McRae is a trained dog catcher and was enlisted by the police department to help in resolving the situation. May thinks that the report is a hoax but went there instead to be sure. Back in the attic, Stephen was hysterical while Doug was treating Sarah's leg lacerations. Stephen crawled in the attic away from Sarah and Doug while Emily followed him. Stephen saw another passageway from the attic which lead to another room containing a shotgun. Once inside the room, Sarah and Doug warned them that the beast is lurking outside the room and told them to get out. Emily and Stephen manage to block the door after a little bit of struggle. While Emily is looking for shotgun cartridges, Stephen leaves her and crawls back up to the attic. Sarah armed with a stake makes her way down where she injures the beast before it attacks Emily. All of them meet up at the attic where an outraged Emily starts screaming and threatening a scared Stephen. She takes the shotgun and says she will kill the beast herself. The beast manages to surprise Emily where she takes a shot at it but unfortunalety falls and ends up shooting herself which results in her death. Meanwhile, McRae with officer May see an abandoned car in the middle of the road and stop to investigate. They come to the conclusion, after finding that the woman did not take her handbag, that the car broke down but the driver seeking for help never made it back so the call they received earlier may not be a hoax. As they leave, a pile of clothes is shown a few feet away from the car. Luke wakes up and goes back to the house unaware of the situation that is going on. He finds Gary's dead body in the hall way. The beast, now aware of his presence, is after him. Sarah eventually falls through the ceiling. As she quickly recovers she helps Luke and all of the remaining survivors make their way to the roof. McRae and officer May arrive at the house but both get killed by the beast. Sarah manages to reach the police vehicle where she takes the handbag and then all of them run towards the barn where Stephen tries to fix the Jeep. Sarah discovers that the handbag belonged to her mother, it is also revealed that Stephen tampered with his mother's car so that he can delay her from seeing her lover. Sarah says that if their mother is dead then Stephen is the one to blame. An upset Stephen knocks her unconscious but Sarah awakens and hits Stephen. A scared Stephen runs out of the barn and he is attacked by the beast. Inside the barn Sarah starts to transforms into a monstrous figure. Luke and Doug run back to the house where the beast comes back. They hide under the table and just as soon as the beast is about to kill them, a beast-like Sarah attacks and fights with the other beast. Luke runs back to the car while Doug tries to shoot at the beast but is eventually bitten and killed by Sarah. In the morning Sarah has returned to her human self. The other beast is revealed to be Sarah's mother. Sarah finds Luke inside the car and they both drive off to go somewhere safe. Just before the credits roll, it is revealed that Gary is still alive.
tt0937375
Comedy,Drama,Romance
This is the story of a solidly middle-class African-American family that reunites for Christmas for the first time in several years. Ma'dere (Loretta Devine) is the Matriarch who's Los Angeles home is where the vast majority of the story takes place. As with any family gathering there are topics that are best not discussed. When they are discussed here they end up in fights -verbal or physical (an excellent sister-on sister catfight stands out here). One sister is encouraging the siblings to sell the family dry cleaning business and split the profits. One brother is running from loan sharks. One brother is AWOL from the Marine Corps and one sister has brought along the man she's dating at a historically black college. Despite what the trailers and TV commercials may lead you to think this is not a warm syrupy comedy. There are dramatic moments, violence and course language. It is however very much a slice-of-life that not enough Hollywood features present. This family, warts and all, is definitely not a Hollywood feel-good film with blackfaces. It is authentic in it's portrayal of themes facing African-Americans in particular, but Americans in general.
tt0357507
Drama,Horror,Mystery
On the surface, Tim Jensen (Barry Watson) seems to be a normal person, with a steady job and a good relationship with his girlfriend Jessica. However, a terrifying event that he witnessed as a child (Aaron Murphy) has left him traumatized, where his father (Charles Mesure) was taken by the Boogeyman (Andrew Glover), an evil creature which lives in all closets worldwide. Since then, he has taken precautions to ensure that the Boogeyman cannot get to him, such as sleeping on a mattress on the floor, and removing all closets from his home and keeping all his clothes in a dresser drawer. After a Thanksgiving trip with Jessica (Tory Mussett) to her parents' house, Tim has a premonition in which his Mother (Lucy Lawless), presently imprisoned at a madhouse, tells him to return to the family home. Tim awakes and won't relax until he finds out what happened with his mother. When he rings the hospital, he discovers his mother has died. Upon returning to the psychiatric ward where he grew up after his father died, he discovers that one of the patients, a young girl, is being threatened by the Boogeyman, which this time lives in her attic. Upon a suggestion by his psychiatrist that returning to his family home to spend the night in that house would be a good idea, Tim returns to his old Victorian style house in the open country, where he relives memories of his mother telling his father that the Boogeyman does not exist and therefore cannot possibly harm Tim. Tim is briefly attacked by the Boogeyman when he enters the downstairs closet. However, despite enjoying a reunion with Kate Houghton (Emily Deschanel), his childhood friend, he becomes convinced that he is being watched by the same entity that has terrorized him his entire life. Soon the Boogeyman starts showing up in various unexpected places, including Kate's house. Tim attempts to warn Kate of the danger she is in, but she freaks out when Tim begins acting paranoid and strange. Frustrated at Tim's refusal to tell her what is really wrong with him, Kate claims that the person Tim saw in her house was in fact her deaf father. Upon returning to his house, Tim meets a young girl in his woodshed, named Franny Roberts (Skye McCole Bartusiak) who wants to know that if it's true that the Boogeyman murdered Tim's father. Tim does not know where she heard this information, and he firmly tells her that the Boogeyman cannot exist. However, when Tim reenters the house, he discovers a disturbing file of Missing Person lists and documents, and upon flicking through them, he discovers a collection of missing children whom were all taken by the Boogeyman. The Boogeyman has been taking various children throughout history. When Tim looks down from a photo of a missing boy, he discovers the same missing boy standing before him. When he looks around, Tim discovers a huge crowd of the missing children moving towards him, their faces deadly white and ghostly pale. The children all come up and start brushing Tim, who faints. When he awakes, he is alone again in the house. Jessica, his girlfriend, abruptly shows up and she takes Tim out of the house for a night in a quiet hotel, where she is murdered by the Boogeyman, who spies at her through the closet in the bathroom before dragging her into the bath. Tim appears and enters the hotel bathroom, and then finds that Jessica is missing. He realizes what has occurred, and stumbles blindly into a closet, and then walks out into his family home, just as Kate, his friend, has returned to his home and, upon hearing noises from the closets, was about to open the door herself. She is momentarily frightened by Tim's mysterious appearance, but then begins to worry when Tim panics about Jessica, a woman she never met, and then Tim drags Kate back to the hotel, where they find the empty bath; this time with blood on the side. They both wonder what has happened; Kate thinking that Tim might've harmed Jessica; but Tim angrily denies it. They return to the house, and Tim meets Franny once more, who leads him to a ward full of proclamations describing the Boogeyman. There is a chair in the middle of the room facing a closet. Tim remembers this room as being the home of a doctor whom everyone thought insane. Franny then reveals herself to be one of the dead kids whom the Boogeyman murdered, and disappears, telling Tim he'd best go to the place where it all started. Tim does so and returns to his bedroom just as his Uncle Mike (Philip Gordon) arrives home. Mike is attacked and killed by the Boogeyman who wraps him in plastic sheeting and drags him into a closet. Kate joins Tim upon hearing the commotion and then she also sees the Boogeyman. Tim attempts to sit in the chair and face the Boogeyman but the Boogeyman thwarts his efforts. Tim is attacked by the Boogeyman who drags him under a bed and he awakes in the hotel which he stayed in with Jessica, revealing that closets and beds are portals after all. Tim sees Jessica being drowned by the Boogeyman, who attacks Tim, dragging him back under a bed where he reunites with Kate at his house. The Boogeyman chases Tim upstairs to his bedroom where Tim begins to fend off the Boogeyman. The monster turns into various toys Tim was afraid of, such as a ball of electricity in a glass case, and a murder of crows, and then a humanoid figurine which stood on Tim's bedside table. The Boogeyman attempts to drag Tim back into a closet to kill him, but realising that the monster is only posing as a figurine, Tim picks up the figurine and slams the toy against a dresser, smashing the torso to pieces, causing the Boogeyman to suffer the same injury. Tim then kicks the Boogeyman back into the closet. The Boogeyman resurfaces however causes a vortex of winds, trying to draw Tim into the closet once more, clawing at Tim's legs, but Tim and Kate cling onto grounded objects in the room and Tim punches the Boogeyman in the jaw, causing him to fall back into the closet and into an ethereal pit. With the Boogeyman gone, Tim hopes that his and Kate's lives will be safer. Morning dawns and Tim already feels better and the credits roll. However, a post-credits scene reveals a young girl being tormented by the monster, revealing that the Boogeyman has resurfaced out of the closet.
tt1097013
Action,Comedy,Crime
The film opens with Leo (Donald Faison) giving a voice over explaining how he was just a deliveryman and wondering how he got into this situation. 2 Days Ago. Rhino (Cisco Reyes) is talking on the phone with a girl named Chita as he drives to a meeting with Bodega Diablo, a drug kinpin. Chita tells Rhino where to send a package and Rhino tells her to be ready to sign for it. When Rhino arrives at Bodegas, Rhino asks if theres anyone they can trust with such a big shipment. Bodega tells him that they have no choice since they took a loss with their last courier, Carlos. Rhino tells Bodega that he found Carlos, and takes Bodega to the trunk of his car. Inside, Carlos is crying. Carlos claims that he got the money from Rhino to pay for a shipment when the Feds swooped in and took it. Bodega is skeptical and slams the trunk on Carlos face. Yesterday. In Philadelphia. A News report covering a robber states that the robbers took only the surveillance tapes. The three robbers are watching the news report on television and laughing about the fact that they are only accused of stealing the surveillance tapes. They were all ready to rob the bank, armed and with masks on. Brody (Mike Epps), Guch (Wood Harris), and Hassie went into the bank and took hostages. Guch told Brody to go to the safe, but Brody misheard him and went and grabbed the tapes. Guch yells at him because Brody wasnt acting logical and calls him an idiot. The three escaped the bank with only the security tapes. A security guard comes out shoots at them while they try to get into their car, so the group ditched the car. They then start to debate why Hassie is living in their apartment. Cut to Leo at the shipping dock. He drops a package when Ivy (Lauren London) calls him out on it. Ivy says she isnt angry at Leo but that Ms. Jackson, Leos mother, might be. Leo is certain that a lady he delivered a package to ratted him out for smoking weed during a delivery. Ivy tells Leo that he needs to see Ms. Jackson in her office. Apparently, Leo and Ivy broke up a week ago and Leo is hoping for reconciliation. He gets pissed when she says shes not in love with him and starts throwing boxes into the truck. Ms. Jackson sees this and yells at him to get in her office. She accuses him of smoking pot on delivery and tells him that if he screws up again, shell fire him. She tells him to start acting like Eric (Mos Def), the star employee. Though he promises that he wont get any more complaints, Leo immediately starts smoking pot on his next delivery. As Guch and Brody talk about their shitty living situation and their failed attempts at robberies, Leo is forced to carry a large package up to Guch and Brodys apartment since the elevator is broken. Leo leaves the package with Hassie for Gonzalez. Jesus Gonzalez and Chita are waiting for the package, which is apparently a large quantity of cocaine. Jesus is freaking out because they stole the shipment from Bodega. Chita goes to track the package, while Gonzalez waits. Guch and Brody notice the package Hassie signed for and find the cocaine inside a plant vase. They are shocked when they see all the cocaine and start trying it out. They consider it a miracle since theyre broke and can sell the cocaine for money. They realize that it belongs to Puerto Ricans across the hall. They hide the cocaine in a trash bag and Brody suggests that they sell the cocaine to Brodys cousin, Shavoo. Shavoo makes cocaine with his right hand man, Buddy, and sells it on the street. Brody calls up Shavoo and offers to sell it to him before he sells it to someone else. Leo walks over to his truck and sees a man cutting into a box and yells at him. It turns out to be Eric and the two screw around a bit and smoke some weed. Eric says he hates Leo because Leos mother supports Leo and Eric is struggling to make it on his own. They express a desire to move up from their position before going off to make their own deliveries. Not too far away, Chita is tracking the package from a payphone. Shavoo and Buddy are driving around while Shavoo explains the situation. Shavoo states that he doesnt trust Brody and Guch since they are stupid. When they arrive, Shavoo tries the cocaine that Guch and Brody offer him. Brody shows Shavoo and buddy the rest of the bricks. Shavoo offers to give them 150,000 dollars in the long run, but 15,000. Guch wants to hold onto the cocaine until Shavoo brings back the money. Shavoo promises to get them their money in two hours. In the hall, Shavoo makes it clear that they can make a very large profit off the cocaine and head to their storage unit. Chita returns to Jesus and tells him that tracking number was invalid. She tells him that the phone was broken and that it wasnt her fault. They get a phone call from Bodega and ask if the package arrived. Bodega says that he tracked the package and that it got picked up. Jesus tells him that it was Leo who stole the package and that he will find it soon. He grabs his gun and goes to find Leo. Leo is trying to hit on a pair of women and they soundly reject him. He wants to smoke a joint but realizes he is out of weed. Shavoo and Buddy arrive at the storage unit and tells Buddy that hes thinking of quitting the drug dealing business and retiring on 500,000. Shavoo tells him that he doesnt think drugs are worth dying for, and he makes Buddy promise that they quit after this run. They find their storage container open and freak when they see the entire storage unit is empty: all their money was stolen (a few hundred thousands). They realize that whoever did it needed a lot of people to carry all the money out. Jesus and Chita start driving around to find Leo. Jesus recounts his introduction to Bodega. Bodega thought that Jesus stole a package of cocaine from Bodega because of his friend Hector. Jesus tries to get Hector and himself out of there, but Bodega instead makes Jesus work for him as a drug mule. Rhino killed Hector and made Jesus his replacement. Jesus pulls up behind a delivery truck and pulls out his shotgun and pulls it on the driver who turns out to be Eric. Jesus and Chita hold him at gunpoint. Eric clearly has no idea what they want and Jesus tells Chita that Eric is NOT the guy they are after. They steal his watch and leave him in the truck. Brody calls Shavoo and Shavoo tells he wont be able to come back to the apartment in two hours and that he will buy the shipment the next day. Guch believes this is confirmation of Shavoos intention to rob them, but Brody tries to calm Guch down. Shavoo and Buddy are torturing one of the storage lot attendants for information and he agrees to help them. The attendant tells them that a man named Wade stole his money. Shavoo goes into Wades supply store and buys everything necessary to torture the information out of Wade and then confronts him about the stolen money. They recover the money and tie the two attendants up with duct tape. They then lock them in the storage container and leave them. Meanwhile, Leo is across town visiting his drug dealer. A random guy steals a package from Leos truck and Leo chases him down. Jesus gets a call from Bodega and tells him that he hasnt recovered the shipment. Bodega sends Rhino to take care of Jesus. A montage of that night occurs. Guch and Brody party with some strippers. Chita and Jesus pray and spend the night together. Leo leaves work. Shavoo and Buddy count their money. Rhino takes a plan into Philadelphia. Today Chita and Jesus are woken up by a phone call. Rhino calls but hangs up when Jesus picks up. Bodega and Rhino are outside the door and push Jesus back into the apartment. Bodega tells them that they are going to find Leo and recover the cocaine. Bodega tells Jesus that they are going to need more guns. Across the hall, Guch and Brody are planning what theyre going to spend their money on. Guch hides a bunch of guns around the apartment in case Shavoo tries to screw them over. Guch tells Brody that HE would kill Brody for one brick, let alone ten. Brody is hurt by this statement and visibily upset, while Guch tries to play it off. Leo goes to his delivery truck and opens the back only to find Bodega, Rhino, Chita and Jesus all pointing guns at him. They pull him into the truck. Shavoo and Buddy check their money and then arm themselves before they go into the apartment. Buddy puts a shotgun into the money bag and they go up to the Brodys apartment. In the truck, Leo is being beaten by Jesus in front of Bodega and Rhino. Bodega makes it clear that they will kill him and Leo tries to remember. Leo tells him that he delivered the package. When Jesus pulls a gun, he tells them he can take them to the place he delivered the cocaine. Meanwhile, Brody and Shavoo are arguing over the cocaine. Shavoo thinks he may have replaced the cocaine with lower quality stuff. Brody and Guch get very suspicious but Shavoo gets the money. Hassie wakes up and goes to use the bathroom while Guch and Brody count the money and Shavoo and Buddy pack the cocaine. Leo leads the group to Guch and Brodys apartment. Bodega tells Leo that he has to get the shit back. Leo knocks on the door in the middle of the deal. The four of them freak out thinking it is the cops. Brody sees that its the delivery man and they realize that Leo knows he delivered the package to the wrong place. Leo asks Brody for the box he delivered by mistake. Brody tells them that he delivered the box back to the station. Bodega forces his way into their apartment. A Mexican showdown ensues. Leo is in the middle of the standoff. Guch shoots Jesus, while Bodega shoots Guch three times in the chest. Brody grabs a sub machine gun and starts shooting at Bodega. He misses every shot and Bodega shoots Brody twice in the chest. Shavoo kneecaps Bodega before shooting him in the chest in order to avenge his cousin. Shavoo grabs the cocaine and makes a break for the door, only for Rhino to shoot him with a shotgun. Buddy and Rhino get into a knife fight in whats left of the kitchen. Rhino stabs Buddy to death in the kitchen. Shavoo, half alive, reaches for a gun. Rhino grabs Shavoo and tries to stab him once more, but Shavoo shoots Rhino several times in the chest. Shavoo remembers what he told Buddy about how drugs arent worth dying for. Instead of taking the drugs, Shavoo leaves. Leo, who was on the floor the whole time not moving, jumps up when hes sure it isnt over. He finds the 100,000 dollars Shavoo was going to pay for the drugs with. Chita comes out of her hiding place as Leo is leaving with the money. Leo pulls out the shotgun Buddy left in the bag and makes her go back in her apartment. A random couple sees him with a shotgun and so he yells at them and gets in the elevator. Chita goes in to check on Jesus and finds him alive. She helps Jesus and they realize that Erics stolen watch saved Jesus life by stopping the bullet. They take the cocaine and leave the apartment.
tt0976222
Comedy,Drama,Family
When gifted singer-songwriter Charlotte Banks (Michalka) asks new kid in town Will Burton (Connell) to manage her fledgling rock band, she appears to have just one goal in mind: go head-to-head against her egotistical musician ex-boyfriend, Ben (Porter), at the biggest event of the year, a battle of the bands. Against all odds, their band develops a sound all its own with a real shot at success in the contest. Meanwhile, romance brews between Will and Sa5m (Hudgens), who plays a mean guitar and has a voice to die for. When disaster strikes, its time for the band to make a choice: Do they admit defeat, or face the music and stand up for what they believe in?
tt0416185
Drama,Sport
Erik Kernan Jr. (Josh Hartnett) is a young sports reporter for a major Denver newspaper. He is frustrated that his editor is burying some of his reports on sporting events. Ralph Metz (Alan Alda), the editor, explains that Erik's stories are boring, too dry with no personality. Erik's father, dead for some time, had been a famous sports broadcaster. Erik apparently has profited from his father's name, but also has the burden of his style being compared to his father's. Because of his frustration with his editor, Erik is hoping to find other reporting work. Erik has a 6 year old son who lives with Erik's wife, Joyce (Kathryn Morris). Joyce and Erik are separated. We learn that Erik has tried to make himself seem more important in his boy's eyes than he is by falsely claiming friendships with famous athletes. Near the parking lot of a sports arena, three possibly drunk young men are deriding an old homeless man (Samuel L. Jackson), who calls himself "Champ" and claims to have been a professional boxer. They obviously don't believe him and force him to fight one of them. He resists but eventually fights back, showing that he really can fight. The three then gang up on him. Erik, leaving a fight he was covering at the arena, comes to Champ's aid. Eventually Erik learns that Champ was once a well regarded contender, Bob Satterfield, who had fought several famous fighters, such as Ezzard Charles and Jake LaMotta. People thought he died long ago. At a job interview to be a sports writer for a weekly magazine, Erik commits to do a feature story on this fighter and what happened to him after he lost a humiliating major fight. If the magazine owner and editor like the piece they might hire him. Erik gets Polly (Rachel Nichols), a research assistant at the paper, to dig into old records for information about Bob Satterfield's career and family, while keeping the search secret from Erik's boss. Meanwhile, Erik meets more with Champ. He takes Champ to a relatively minor fight he is assigned to cover, and becomes impressed with the man's boxing expertise that allows Champ to predict a knockout by the underdog. Erik contacts many of the still-living people who knew Satterfield when he was still up and coming. They are surprised to learn that Satterfield is alive, saying that they had heard he died long ago. He even gets Champ and Jake LaMotta on the phone to talk about old times. However, one contact, Satterfield's son, hangs up on him as soon as he hears Erik's name. Eventually the magazine publishes Erik's article. It is extremeky well received and is picked up by the national media. People suggest it be nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. But the publicity brings Erik into contact with morer old timers who knew Satterfield and are pretty sure he is long dead. Eventually Erik learns that Champ is not Satterfield after all, but another lesser fighter who Satterfield defeated. Erik is faced with a moral dilemma of announcing his error or suppressing the information and bask in his "success." Erik initially makes the self-serving choice, but he does not find his success to be satisfying. Eventually he decides to tell his editors about the mistake but before he can do so he learns that he and his paper are being sued by Satterfield's son. The son is upset because he and others had long known that Champ was impersonating his father, and because Erik's story falsely said that Satterfield, Jr. and Sr. were estranged. Everyone accuses Erik of not having done due diligence in checking out Champ's authenticiy. In the end, Satterfield, Jr. is satisfied with Erik's proposal to write another article about his error and including material about Bob Satterfield that Jr. had long wanted someone to publish. Erik discovers that his 6 year old will be proud of his father even if his father does not know the famous people he claimed to know.
tt0400525
Comedy,Crime,Drama
On Christmas Eve in Wichita, Kansas. Charlie Arglist, (John Cusack) a mob lawyer, has just stolen a duffel bag full of money from his employer (Randy Quaid) with the help of Vincent "Vic" Cavanaugh (Billy Bob Thornton). All they have to do is act casually and unsuspiciously until they leave town. But an ice storm has blocked the roads, so Vic takes the money while Charlie spends the night visiting his client's strip clubs and evading suspicion. Early on, he meets up with Renata (Connie Nielsen), a strip club owner after whom he has secretly lusted. She hints at spending the night with him if he can produce a certain photo of a local politician's indiscretion for her to use as blackmail. Things begin to go sour when an enforcer for Charlie's boss comes looking for him and Vic. The body count mounts as the ice beneath Charlie's "perfect crime" begins to slowly crack.
tt0204313
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The plot revolves around the crisis of faith suffered by Father Lankester Merrin following the horrific events he witnessed during World War II. Many years before the events in The Exorcist, the young Father Merrin (played by Skarsgård, who played the same part in Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist) travels to East Africa. Merrin has taken a sabbatical from the Church and devoted himself to history and archaeology as he struggles with his shattered faith. He is haunted especially by an incident in a small village in occupied Holland during World War II, where he served as parish priest: near the end of the war, a sadistic Nazi SS commander, in retaliation for the murder of a German trooper, forces Merrin to participate in arbitrary executions in order to save a full village from slaughter. After World War II, Merrin is an archaeologist in Cairo, when he is approached by a collector of antiquities who asks him to come to a British excavation in the Turkana region of Kenya. This dig is excavating a Christian Byzantine church built circa 500 A.D. long before Christianity had reached that region of Africa. The collector asks Merrin to recover an ancient relic of a demon before the British can find it. Merrin agrees and travels to the dig site. He is joined by Father Francis, a Vatican scholar who was on his way to do missionary work in East Africa but was diverted by the Vatican to ensure the church is not desecrated. Upon arriving at the site, Merrin meets Major Granville, the British military officer in charge of the dig. Merrin also meets the chief excavator, a brutish man with visible boils on his face. And he meets Sarah, a doctor who spent time in a concentration camp during World War II and is haunted by what happened to her there. Merrin's translator and guide is Chuma. In addition, Merrin learns that the diggers are disappearing or leaving in droves because the local tribemen fear the church is cursed. Merrin witnesses a digger inexplicably experience a seizure. Merrin visits the dig site. Only the dome is uncovered; the rest of the church is buried beneath the earth. Merrin discovers that the church is in perfect condition, as though it had been buried immediately after its construction were completed. Merrin, Francis, and Chuma enter the church through the dome. They find it is near-pristine condition, but there are two oddities. First, all of the statues of the angels holding weapons are pointing the spears downward, whereas it is conventional for statues of angels to either have no weapons or to point them triumphantly toward heaven. Merrin and Francis deduce the sculptors were trying to depict the angels restraining something that was beneath the church. The second disturbing discovery is that someone has vandalized the church by ripping the enormous crucifix from its place on the altar and suspending it with Christ on the cross in an upside-down position, which is considered a desecration. Merrin is determined to learn more about the archeological dig and asks to consult with the lead archeologist, Monsieur Bession. Sarah tells Merrin that Bession went insane three weeks earlier and was transferred to a mental hospital in Nairobi. Merrin visits Bession's tent at the dig site and sees dozens of drawings of the same thing, the demon artifact the collector had asked Merrin to find. Merrin then travels to Nairobi to visit Bession. But when he enters Bession's room, he discovers Bession has carved a swastika on his chest and is speaking through demonic possession in the voice of the sadistic SS commander who tormented Merrin during the war. As Merrin registers these events, Bession slashes his own throat after saying he was "free." Father Gionetti, warden of the asylum, speculates that Bession was not possessed but rather "touched" by a demon, which drove him mad and eventually to suicide. Merrin is very skeptical, but before he returns to the dig site, Father Gionetti gives him the volume of Roman rituals to use in exorcism, although Merrin claims he will never use them. Upon returning to the village, strange events continue. A local boy is attacked and killed by hyenas that seem to continuously stalk the dig, night and day. His younger brother, Joseph, enters a fugue state after watching his brother ripped to pieces. Merrin begins to suspect that something evil lies in the church and is infecting the region. There are stories of an epidemic that wiped out an entire village. However, when Merrin, growing suspicious of these rumors, digs up one of the graves of the supposed victims of this plague, he discovers it is empty. Meanwhile, the evil grows, turning people against each other and resulting in violence, atrocities, and more bloodshed. Father Francis reveals to Merrin that the builders of the church never meant it to be recorded in Vatican documents, however, a vague reference to it was recorded, leading to its subsequent discoveries in the 19th and 20th centuries. Francis also reveals that the church stands on the supposed site where Satan fell to earth after the war in heaven, and it was constructed by early Christians in an attempt to purify the evil that resides there. Beneath the church lies the ruins of an even older temple but not a Christian one. Rather, in the ruins under the church, Merrin and his allies find demonic icons, and other signs of evil and Satanism. This land is where he first encounters the demon that calls itself Pazuzu, which he will encounter again in The Exorcist. This is the demon that "brushed" Bession (driving him insane) and Joseph (making him ill). At the end of the movie, the dig's doctor, Sarah, turns out to be the possessed individual and has the demon exorcised from her in the tunnels below the church but dies. Dr. Merrin and Joseph emerge from the church, (once again buried in sand) and history has repeated itself. 50 (and 1500) years ago, everyone at the site was killed by an evil presence from the church, except for one priest. Now, only Father Merrin and the little boy are left as the British soldiers and the local tribes have annihilated each other. Merrin returns to Rome and meets with the collector at a cafe, explaining he was unable to find the relic, the collector replies, "But you found something....Didn't you?"... As he leaves, Merrin is revealed to be wearing a collar and is now a priest again, having regained his faith in God, after defeating the demon with holy exorcism rituals.
tt0325596
Mystery,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Simon Cable (Ryan Phillipe) wakes with a start. Dr Newman (Stephen Rea) tries to calm him as Simon pulls at the tubes attached to his body. The doctor prescribes 5mg of diazepam. Simon is told he is in hospital and appears to have lost his memory after having been brought in the night before experiencing violent convulsions. He is told that he died and his heart stopped beating for 2 minutes. He will need to remain under observation for a few days. Dr Newman mentions that the hospital is short-staffed and that he is actually a paediatric doctor. He offers Simon a lollipop. Dr Newman tests Simon's memory and he remembers everything except for the past 2 years. He thinks he has woken up in 2000, but it is actually 2002 and he is told he is married to a woman named Anna who he does not recall. We cut to a montage of disorienting shots of Simon's POV from an accident. He is on the road looking at a man dash across the street in the pouring rain shouting, "Back that truck up now! Get these cars out of here!" We see flashing blue lights on a vehicle. An EMT runs up and asks, "Are you alright? Are you ok? Take it easy man, I'm gonna take you on a little trip." He is rushed to the hospital and operated upon. A female voice says, "His name is Simon Cable". Doctors start chest compressions as we hear a flatline and Simon's POV floats up and looks down on his body from the ceiling until the defibrillator brings him crashing back to earth. Just before Simon awakens startled yet again, a nurse mentions that she fears he might have been poisoned due to low Synoptic Cholinesterase. The doctor tells him he has short term memory loss and that they have to piece together the past like a puzzle (he has a puzzle in front of him). "There's only one inescapable rule in the game of life, kid. Sooner or later everybody has to stop playing." He says further that Simon's wife may help him remember. A woman (Sarah Polley) is fresh-faced and appears suddenly, excited to see Simon. She is shocked to hear he has memory loss and does not remember her. She asks him if he is crazy, laments, "I have nothing left," and leaves. Simon runs out after her and the orderly and Dr Newman stop him, saying that no-one has left his room. He turns to see a strange woman declare that the doctor has informed her about his condition. This is not the woman Simon saw just moments before in his room, but rather his wife Anna (Piper Perabo): mournful and distant. Anna and Simon sit with the doctor to piece together Simon's history. Anna says she was not with Simon the night before. Simon guesses that he must have been in the area visiting his brother, Peter (Robert Sean Leonard), who had moved into their deceased parents' estate recently. Anna reveals that Peter died before Anna and Simon met. They realise that Simon had gone to see Peter the night before his memory loss began. We see flashes of memories of car headlights, Simon driving in the rain, then an empty void. Anna reveals that he is thinking about a car accident which happened just before he met Anna. An orderly (Stephen Graham) walks past and winks. She says that this (St Judes) was the hospital he was brought to after his last accident. Anna says that 2 days previously Simon had come up to close up his parents' house which had been sitting empty. Dr Newman says that his low levels of enzymes indicate that he might have been poisoned by fumes from something like cleaning products. Dr Newman leaves the room and Anna slaps Simon telling him to drop the pretence. "I knew you were a good liar but this performance is unbelievable...This is about her isn't it? Do you think she's really worth it?" Simon is very confused. He stops her from leaving and asks about Peter's death. "Of course he's dead," she says, "you killed him". The orderly (Travis) enters the room saying it is time for Simon's MRI and Anna perks up again, giving him a kiss and smile goodbye. Travis says, "Come on, home boy, I'm gonna take you on a little trip." Travis looks like he might be the EMT from earlier. During the MRI Travis asks Simon what would make someone want to kill him. Travis is doubtful that the cause might have been the cleaning chemicals. "The biggest mystery there is is why and how someone dies," he says. Simon is left strapped to the MRI table and someone in scrubs enters but he cannot see who it is. The intruder does not respond to Simon's questions. The person injects Simon with something. "Somebody help me!" Simon cries. The room goes black and he wakes up in a hospital room with a couple of other patients. A doctor enters and Simon cries out that someone just tried to kill him. "You wacko!" one of the patients responds. "This is St Jude's hospital," says the doctor and asks him if he knows why he is there. Simon says he was just strapped to an MRI table and the doctor denies that, telling him he was admitted the night before. He is told there is no Dr Newman on the St Jude's staff, that he has no wife and that he was admitted due to a car accident. He is told it is 2000. He runs to the MRI room and lounge and nothing is how it was the day before. The doctor suggests that it is possible he might be suffering from a preoccupied delusion, imagining a story while he was unconscious. Names from the two times sound familiar: The patient in his room in 2000 is Traffid, and the orderly's name in 2002 was Travis. He said he met Dr Newman in 2002, and this doctor's name is Truman. He sees Nurse Clayton arrive and is shocked to see her again as she was in in his dream (from 2002). Nurse Clayton re-emerges with Anna dressed as a nurse. One of the other patient's recognised Simon as the son of a dead senator. Simon becomes angrier and accuses everyone in the room of being in on a conspiracy. "You're not real!" he shouts as he is injected with a sedative. He wakes suddenly and he is back in 2002 strapped into the MRI machine, alone in the room. He sees the intruder in scrubs enter again with a syringe and calls for the doctor who arrives causing the intruder to hide behind a door. The doctor calls for more sedative. He tells Simon that he has been prescribed a drug that has mild psychiatric side effects and that he is paranoid as a result. The doctor and the nurse leave without looking for the intruder and Simon sees him hiding behind the door. He bangs on the table until a nurse appears. We see a closeup of the door handle and a shadow of someone passing back out. The nurse frees Simon who looks behind the door and no-one is there. De Newman does not believe Simon that someone tried to kill him. He shows him the security footage of the MRI room and there is no evidence of an intruder. The doctor says he recalls vaguely a Dr Truman and the orderly says that there is a patient named Traffid on the 5th floor who has been waiting for a heart transplant for 2 years. Simon races up to see Traffid, who remembers him as "Wacko". Simon says that it proves that his dream was actually a memory. In the elevator on the way back to his room alone, the woman (who we know now as Clair), asks him where he has been. She regrets having run off but says that his words had felt cruel. He says it may take some time to remember and Clair says that they have time. "I love you," she says before kissing him passionately. An orderly wheels a body into the elevator and they exchange a few words. He leaves and Clair explains that he doesn't love her. "I know what we were and what you felt. It's just waiting to be remembered. Some things just don't get lost." Simon reaches out for Clair as she leaves and has a flashback of telling her he loves her. They explore a grand old house (presumably his parents') and she says the room they are in is her favourite room. "We always have a choice, Simon," she says before embracing him. In the distance his brother, Peter, looks on, distraught. Back to the present moment, Simon admits to remembering loving Clair. "Sometimes I can't help but think that we're paying for what happened," she says. Simon doesn't know what she means. He runs after her but she has mysteriously disappeared. He returns to his room and it is the year 2000 again - his roommates have returned. Dr Truman says Simon's brother is dead. He is told his brother was with him in the accident. Simon talks to Traffid about life and death. Dr Truman says Peter's fiancée is waiting. Anna is waiting in the dining room and says she has some questions for him about his brother's death, but is called away. Clair arrives - she is Peter's fiancée. He is shocked. He flashes back to greeting his brother. Back in the present 2000, Clair has disappeared and Anna re-emerges. She plays a recording of Peter saying, "Simon did this to me. Simon killed me." Anna tries to convince Simon that he killed his brother. Simon is confused and uncertain. He realises Anna will try to blackmail him into marrying her. He runs out into the hall and suddenly emerges onto the driveway outside of his parents' house. He sees Clair driving down the driveway. He goes back inside and hears voices arguing: his brother and another man who sounds like him. The second man pushes his brother out of a window. Simon looks down on the body of his brother as a man who looks like Simon drags the body away and into a car. As they drive away Simon turns around and is attacked by the MRI room intruder dressed in scrubs. A series of images flashes before Simon's eyes and suddenly he is stabbing something bloody with a pair of scissors. He believes it is the intruder who is trying to kill him. We are back to the time period of 2000. The nurse enters the room and says he has stabbed Traffid. Simon, covered in blood, looks at the body and realises he has, in fact, killed Traffid, and not the intruder. He runs away into the morgue. He see security guards chasing after him on the CCTV. He bumps into Anna who laughs. He runs away and is hounded by the security guards. He runs through a door only to be pushed back by the orderly, Travis, and his shirt has magically been removed of all blood. He goes back up to Traffid's room and finds him alive. Suddenly Traffid starts bleeding at the site of the original wounds given him by old mate. Traffid is soaked in blood. Simon collapses in a corner screaming, "I killed him!" We move Simon;s memory of putting his brother's body in a car on a dark night. He releases the brake and is about to send it off a cliff when the headlights of a truck pull up. He scrambles to stop the car moving, and he drives away. The screen fades to red. "Jesus!" Simon says. He finds the nurse asking her about Peter's death. She says that all his injuries were so severe he had to be put on life support where he died. Anna appears and she is bleeding (similarly to the injury she sustained in their fight in 2000 when she begins blackmailing Simon). She asks if they are clear on the terms of their arrangement. "None of this is going to happen," Simon declares. "The thing is Simon: it happened," she retorts. Simon tries to go back in time to change the past. He goes back to the night with Clair in his parents' house where he told Clair he loved her, in her favourite room. He sits Clair down and says, " We do have a choice...as much as I love you Clair, he is my brother, I just can't do this to him". Peter sees them, distraught. Clair runs after him and Peter tells her to leave. Simon runs out into the driveway after Clair but she drives off. Simon goes back upstairs to his brother.They fight and in trying to stop Peter, Simon pushes him out the window. He drags Peter to the car and stops at the crossroads. Left goes to Vista Point where he tried to get rid of his brother's body the last time and right to the hospital. Simon stops and then turns right. It starts to rain heavily. A car starts to tailgate him, flashing its lights and hooting. "You're gonna be alright, Pete," says Simon, there won't be an accident. Peter wakes up suddenly and distracts Simon who looks away from the road. He looks up again as his car crashes into Clair's car. In the aftermath of the accident, we see the EMT's place a sheet over Clair's body, and an EMT tends to Peter. We see that it is a woman who looks identical to Anna. Blue lights flash atop a vehicle. Another EMT rushes up to Simon and asks if he is ok. "Take it easy now man, I'm going to take you on a little trip." he says. It is day again. Simon walks into his parents' house. He meets Peter inside the room Clair loved so much. Peter says eerily, as he stokes his fire, "I wanted a fire and thought why not? Am learning to live a little." The brothers embrace. They have reconciled. Simon asks Peter to tell him what happened as he has forgotten. "I think you know exactly what happened. It's just too tough for you to face," says Peter. He reveals that on the night of the accident Clair had turned around and was coming back for Simon. We hear Clair's voice repeating, "I can't help but think that we're paying for what happened." Simon looks over at the family photographs and sees a photo of the two boys with their dad: who is identical to Dr Newman. We hear Dr Newman's voice: "There's only one inescapable rule in the game of life, kid. Sooner or later everybody has to stop playing." Simon is confused. He knows something is wrong. "This is your choice, Simon," says Peter, "You need to leave this behind you, Simon, for Clair, for me, for Dad. You died, Simon. We all did. And you can't move on from all of this until you let go. Let it go." Simon cannot. He says he needs another chance. Simon revives with the EMT on the road and we see a flash of Travis. We see a patient walk by him on the way in to the emergency room and we see a flash of Traffid. We see a flash of the female EMT and a flash of Anna. Simon is looking down on his body from the ceiling as he floats away. "It's your choice, Simon, where you go." The doctor declares the time of death: Simon stops breathing at 20:00. Time of death 20:02. Simon zooms back into his body and we are back at the first scene of the movie. Simon awakens with a start and the doctor prescribes him 5mg of diazepam. The doctor tells him where he is and says: "You died, Mr Cable."
tt0452624
Drama,Mystery,Romance
Jacob "Jake" Geismar (George Clooney), an American war correspondent, returns to Berlin during the Potsdam negotiations between the Allied powers after World War II is over in Europe but before hostilities end in Asia. Jacob witnesses his murdered driver, a black-marketeering American soldier named Tully (Tobey Maguire), being fished from a river eddy, suspiciously adjacent to the Potsdam conference grounds. The corpse is discovered to be in possession of 100,000 German reichsmarks which are later revealed to have been printed by the U.S occupying forces. Geismar becomes entwined in both the mystery of his murdered driver and the clandestine search by both Soviet and American forces for the missing German Emil Brandt (Christian Oliver). He becomes more involved in both mysteries as his investigation intersects with his search for Lena Brandt (Cate Blanchett), a German Jew - and Emil's wife - with whom Geismar had been in a relationship prior to the war. Lena has survived the Holocaust by doing "what she had to" to stay alive - early in the film this is assumed to be just prostitution, but Lena, in reality, holds a darker secret of complicity and guilt. In the film, Emil Brandt is a former SS officer who had been the secretary of Franz Bettmann, Chief Production Engineer of the V-2 rocket at concentration camp Mittelbau-Dora/Mittelwerk. (Bettmann is only a minor character in the film; he appears to be based on the real Arthur Rudolph.) The Soviets, the Americans, and the British all try to get hold of Emil Brandt, for different reasons. The Americans have already detained Bettmann in a safehouse and intend to transport him to the U.S. as part of their Operation Overcast/Paperclip to have him work on their own rocket program. In the film, they are fully aware of Bettmann's role at Camp Dora and know about the slave labour used in the V-2 program, but want to cover up his involvement (because they could not lawfully employ a known war criminal), which includes eliminating Emil Brandt, whose testimony or written notes would prevent their whitewashing of Bettmann. Geismar, in his attempts to get his former lover, Lena, out of Berlin, gets more and more involved in the search for Emil Brandt. At one point, Lena gives Emil's notes on Camp Dora to Geismar. When Lena and Geismar try to hand Emil Brandt over to the American prosecutor charged with handling war crimes cases, they are intercepted by the American authorities who want to protect Bettmann, and Brandt is murdered. But Geismar still has Brandt's notebooks, which he now trades in to the war crimes investigators of the U.S. Army (who have turned out to be in league with the other American authorities - the ones who want to keep that evidence confidential to whitewash Bettmann) in exchange for a Persilschein (a denazification document) and a visa for Lena, such that she can leave for England or the U.S. (which one is not made clear in the film). Through a minor character of a Jewish owner of a pawn shop who survived the Holocaust with his legs amputated, the film refers to the Nazi human experimentation, in particular to bone transplantation experiments as they were done at the Ravensbrück concentration camp.
tt1126596
Crime,Drama
Six years after he was convicted for killing Trife, Sam Peel is released from jail. After returning home and finding no one in, Sam visits Trife's grave and is confronted by a man who tries to stab him. Sam is able to overpower him, but receives a stab wound in the shoulder. The man tells him that someone is coming for him, and his family. Sam looks up all the people he knew before he went inside and first goes to see Claire who is now with a new boyfriend, Hayden (Danny Dyer). Claire is not happy to see Sam but tells him that Moony goes to Central University. Sam is confronted by Hayden for the abuse he gave Claire when they were younger. The movie then turns to Jay, after the death of Trife. Jay has gone on a downward spiral and is now dealing drugs and suffering from violent outbursts. Sam seeks out Moony who is not pleased to see him and tells him he doesn't know who is after him but he deserves all that he gets. After following a trail of information leading him from one old face to the next, Sam befriends Lexi, a local drug addict. Their friendship grows closer as she aids Sam in finding those that seek out his family. Meanwhile both Jay and a group of young youths (one of which being rapper Plan B) hunt down Sam for revenge over the tragedy occurring 6 years prior. As Sam's desperation grows, it is unclear whether he will be able to protect his family and whether he will find who he is looking for before he is found by those looking for him.
tt1179258
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Set in 1900s Belle Époque Paris, Chéri tells the story of the affair between a wealthy, middle-aged retired courtesan, Léa (Michelle Pfeiffer), and the flamboyant spoiled, neglected 19-year-old only son of another even wealthier courtesan, Fred (Rupert Friend), nicknamed "Chéri" ("Dear" or "Darling"). A famous beauty, Léa has been successful at extracting large sums of money from her up-scale clients, never falling in love with any of them. At first Léa takes Chéri off her "friend" (and former rival) Charlotte's hands as a favor, as his dissipated lifestyle is irritating to Charlotte and unhealthy for Chéri. Although Léa only plans on keeping Chéri around for a short while, their affair turns into a six-year relationship, in which Léa pays for Chéri's expenses, (although he has access to considerable wealth from his mother) and Chéri wears Léa's silk pajamas and pearls. Although they satisfy each other both sexually and emotionally, the two convince themselves that their affair is casual, but they are the only real friend the other has. Her status as a former prostitute and his as the son of one make them outsiders who can only be fully honest and relaxed together. Léa learns Chéri's mother has arranged for Chéri to marry the daughter of another courtesan, an innocent barely 18-year-old named Edmée (Felicity Jones), as Charlotte has decided she wants grandchildren, largely to make up for her years of neglecting Chéri. Although Chéri does not wish to marry Edmée, whom he finds boring, he has no choice in the matter, as he stands to inherit a huge fortune from Charlotte. Léa cheerfully kicks him out of her home, but makes Chéri promise to always be gentle and kind with Edmée, and to try to give her a good life. After Chéri agrees, the two part ways, both putting on an air of breezy unconcern, as much to convince themselves as the rest of the world that their affair had just been for amusement. Léa does not attend the wedding, and Chéri and Edmée leave for their honeymoon. It is only after Chéri is on the train to Italy for his honeymoon that both he and Léa realize they are in love with each other. Chéri consummates his marriage with Edmée, but their lovemaking is perfunctory, and even though Edmée is in love with her husband, Chéri can't summon any emotion for her. Léa visits Charlotte one last time before running off on vacation, making up a story in which she is involved in with another suitor, when in fact the only man Léa beds while on vacation is a young bodybuilder whom she has no feelings for and regards as a one-night stand. Meanwhile, Edmée accuses Chéri of not caring about her, and says all he ever does is think of Léa, "that old woman". While out on the town with a friend, Chéri tries opium and cocaine, and on his way back he notices that Léa's apartment is no longer empty and she has returned home. Comforted by the fact that Léa has returned, Chéri runs home to Edmée where he makes love to her properly and kindly, thinking that he can now live in peace with Edmée, juggling both women. He sends Charlotte the next day to investigate Léa's home life, whereupon Léa claims she is madly in love with her new "suitor", and Charlotte tells her that Chéri and Edmée are likewise madly in love and happier than ever. That night, jealous and wanting to confront Léa about her new suitor, Chéri breaks into her home and admits he loves her. They make love with all the pent up passion they have been suppressing for the sake of others, and plan on running away together. In the morning, however, Chéri notices the wrinkles on Léa's face in the harsh light of day, and she sees his doubt. She apologizes to Chéri for "ruining him" and making life too easy on him when they first begun their affair. Léa tells Chéri to go back to Edmée, for their age difference would always prevent a true relationship blossoming between them. Tentatively, Chéri leaves as Léa watches, breathlessly hoping he will turn back. Both crestfallen and elated by a new sense of freedom, he walks on, as Léa stares into her mirror at her aging face. The narrator reflects on the injustice of fate, that Léa was born two decades before her only true love, Chéri. The narrator also reveals that, while he went through World War I without a scratch, Chéri later realizes that Léa was the only woman he could ever love, and he commits suicide.
tt1145144
Drama,Music,Romance
All self-taught dancer Kate Parker has ever wanted to do was perform with the American Academy of Ballet. She says goodbye to her friends in Detroit and her sister because she is leaving home to go to an audition for the greatest dance school in America, the American Ballet Academy in New York City. Kate doesn't make it, and instead of her, a certain Suzanne Von Stroh (Sarah Jayne Jensen) is chosen, because of an argument between the director of the school, Jonathan (Peter Gallagher) and one of the teachers, Cooper Nielson (Ethan Stiefel), who has returned to ABA after his ballet company lost its funding. A young dancer, Tommy Anderson (Kenny Wormald), is stunned by Kate and is sure that she passed and got into the academy, but soon he discovers that she was rejected and pairs up with Suzanne. Kate, homeless in New York City, goes to a club called The Foundry where she finds Tommy and impresses both him and the owner of the club, Sal, who is Tommy's best friend, with her dance moves and energy. She is given a job at the club and sleeps in the upstairs office. Because she needs to find an apartment, she agrees to help Tommy with his dance if he pays her. Soon they start classes, she finds an apartment, Tommy becomes a great student and is given the opportunity to dance with Suzanne for the famous choreographer Monica Straus. Meanwhile, Tommy and Kate begin to have feelings for each other and become a couple. They break-up after a jealous Kate sees Tommy dance with Suzanne, for a gala, and at the end of the dance Suzanne kisses him. The next day, Tommy finds Kate's sister, Bella (Nicole Muñoz), waiting for her at ABA and takes her to Kate at the club. Kate then confesses to her sister that she was not accepted into the school and decides to leave New York and go with Bella back to Detroit. The next morning while waiting for the bus, Bella shows Kate a leaflet Tommy gave her, advertising an audition for "The Glass Slipper", a Broadway ballet version of Cinderella that Monica Strauss is casting. Kate decides to give her dancing dream one last shot. Bella and Kate go to the audition theater, and about seven blocks away was the end of the line. When Kate gets into a final audition with two other girls and three boys, including Tommy, they try finding the cast of Cinderella and the two stepsisters. Monica Straus asks Tommy to dance with Suzanne but he rejects her and offers the dance to Kate. Tommy gets the part of the prince and Kate gets the part of Cinderella, her dreams of dancing professionaly having come true at last.
tt0422272
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The Mercy Falls Children's Hospital is about to close its doors for good. But the closing process is taking longer than expected; a railroad accident has left the local hospitals without beds. Amy, a young nurse, is sent to help out. But the children are nervous. And afraid. Because this hospital holds a secret. Something terrifying that has returned from the past. To discover it and protect the kids, Amy must face up to everything: the rest of the hospital staff who refuse to accept the obvious, her own fears, and the truth.
tt0803057
Comedy
A war of wills takes place between two men who want to run the same grocery store in this offbeat comedy from writer and director Steve Conrad. Doug (Seann William Scott) is a seemingly ordinary guy who works as the assistant manager of a supermarket near Chicago. When the owners of the market announce they're opening a new branch near Doug's neighborhood, he applies to become manager of the new store, and both he and his wife (Jenna Fischer) assume he's a shoo-in to get the job. But Richard (John C. Reilly), a gregarious recent hire at the store who has relocated to Illinois from Canada, announces he's also applying for the management position, and a keen rivalry develops between Doug and Richard even as they strive to act like friends on the surface. As the competition grows between the two, their personality flaws become increasingly evident -- Doug's short temper, Richard's history of drug abuse -- and when Richard's wife (Lili Taylor) leaves him, the contest starts taking an uncomfortable turn. The Promotion also stars Fred Armisen, Gil Bellows, and Bobby Cannavale. [D-Man2010]
tt0892899
Action,Horror,Sci-Fi
Mercenary missions and other strong-arm tasks are what veteran tough guy DC (Ray Stevenson) lives for. When he and his motley crew of battle-worn soldiers-for-hire are offered a large amount of cash from Hunt (Julian Wadham) they take it. What is presented as a 48-hour mission to go into Eastern Europe and pick up some mysterious package and return, becomes something quite different when they arrive at an abandoned World War 2 outpost. Going through the facility they discover old Nazi relics and documents of some scientific experiments that were conducted on German soldiers, and a "breather", an emaciated man left for dead who only sits and stares. As Hunt discovers what he's come for, a strange electronic machine that possibly alters reality, uniform-clad specters begin to appear and kill off the collected group of mercenaries. When it is learned that the Nazi war machine may have been able to apply Albert Einstein's theory of relativity to create a master generation of other-worldly unstoppable soldier, DC and Hunt and the rest of the men realize they are in the fight of their lives.
tt1175506
Comedy,Drama
New York, 1937: RICHARD SAMUELS (17) is bored with school and dreams of treading the boards on Broadway. After a chance encounter with a theatre company outside a derelict theatre, The Mercury, Richard soon finds himself inside chatting with Orson Welles, the Director of Broadways first Shakespearean production, Julius Caesar. Welles is a bullish, competitive character who is having an affair with the leading lady, MURIEL BRASSLER, despite his wife VIRGINIAS pregnancy. Richard plays on Welles egotistical nature and manages to bluff his way into the role of Lucius; Welles swiftly couples him with the gorgeous production assistant SONJA JONES (20), to rehearse. Richard, along with the rest of the crew, is captivated by Sonjas vivacity and ability to manage everything behind the scenes by schmoozing all the right people. It soon becomes apparent that she is willing to do anything to get her big break. As rehearsals progress Richards total lack of acting ability becomes increasingly apparent and the rest of the company begin to express their concern over the state of the production. However, the wildly flirtatious Orson is too busy conducting radio interviews and seducing young women to take note, whilst Sonja seems more intent on furthering her career and her relationship with Richard. When Orson decides the company would benefit from a team-building game which involves everyone pairing off and going for a drink, Richard cheats to ensure he is paired with Sonja. Their date goes well and after spending the night together Richard declares his love for her at the theatre, the following day. His declaration is met with an indifferent response from Sonja and at the preview matinee she tells him she is to spend the night with Orson. The day of the opening, Richard is distraught to discover that Sonja slept with Orson because he promised to introduce her to Selznick, the producer of Gone With the Wind. After an argument Orson fires Richard and he storms out. Orson finds him on a park bench and apologises and Richard agrees to return to the production. The opening night is a success but its short-lived for Richard as he soon learns that Orsons apology was merely a ruse to ensure a successful first night and Orson has secured a child actor to take over Richards role. To add insult to injury, as Richard sees Sonja waiting outside the Theatre for Selznik to pick her up he learns that Sonja knew of Orsons plan all along. Richards return to normality hits him hard: he tells his family he quit because it didnt pay and he returns to school and decides to pursue a career in writing instead of acting: he has an idea for a novel about a celebrity genius.
tt1176251
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Not so typical boy meets girl story, that is delusional and twisted. Quite a bit like this media driven life since the main characters all act like they are at the top of their game (Like they are on some sort of metaphysical stage.). Intermixed with the controversy of brutal and crazy honesty, there lies a hair of truth. It's the hair of truth you have to see to feel. Side-lining the story the male main character has a recurrent assailant which breaks up the stream of events, in a mysterious way. The modern delusions held by the main character are complex and hard to understand, even as the movie comes to a close. However the delusions are made real leaving you really pondering something outside the box (brain). As the story progresses and you learn more about the main character, his life gets entangled with those you are introduced to. One is an old school friend, the other is a beautiful girl with an odd family. At times the drama appears as if it will turn depressing, dwelling on the repressed emotions the characters are a part of. However Gigantic manages to string you along until all is well and you are pondering whether such a story is possible in real life.
tt0318761
Comedy,Drama
Justin is a semi-nerdy teenager who still sucks his thumb, is in love with a classmate, and feeling uneasy. His dentist hypnotizes him for his thumbsucking habit, then he's diagnosed with attention disorder. After taking a prescribed drug, he becomes focused, clear, and aware, thinks fast, reads insatiably, wins debate tournaments, ...and thinks he knows everything, advising his parents on their lives, etc. About awareness, power, and maturity, in the form of a fable. Vincent d'Onofrio and Tilda Swinton are good as the parents, and Lou Taylor Pucci (playing Justin) does a great job.
tt0441774
Biography,Crime,Drama
This first appeared on www.realmoviereview.com Lonely Hearts is a true story, set in the late 1940s. Jared Leto is Ray Fernandez, a slick conman pulling his marks from the lonely heart section of the newspaper, romancing them and then taking off with all of their cash. According to the film, his scumbag pattern only turns deadly after he meets Martha Beck (Salma Hayek), who begins to work with him, posing as his sister. Her jealousy, however, leads to her killing the women that Ray is romancing. Travoltas character, Elmer Robinson, becomes obsessed with busting Fernandez after one of his marks commits suicide, and he and his partner, Charles Hildebrandt (Gandolfini) are already on the robbing Romeos tail when he hooks up with Beck. This one reminded me of LA Confidential crossed with The Black Dahlia, though it was better than the latter and not as good as the former. I often dont enjoy period pieces like this, but I found this one fairly engaging.
tt1139282
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Tom Adkins Sr. (Jon Hamm) is a police officer. He's married to Barbara (Rhona Mitra) and they have a son who disappears. While trying to find their own son, they also meddle with the past. The body of an unidentified child appears at a construction site buried within a suitcase. Some years ago, three children seemed to disappear, their bodies never found, never a clue about their whereabouts or what happened to them. There is no even clear evidence of being connected cases. Matthew Wakefield (Josh Lucas) has lost his son, John (Jimmy Bennett), who happened to have cognitive disabilities. He was passing by a sleepy town, and stopped at a downridden countryhouse. The farmer is jealous of his beautiful wife called Rose Montgomery (Morena Baccarin) and threatens Mathew because the wife seems to be making a pass at him. Later on, Mathew stops by at a bar and takes John with him - with the promise that the child would not drink any alcohol or cause any trouble. Suddenly, the sexy wife appears and Mathew lost sight of his son - at the bar's back yard, the wife and Mathew are about to have a sexual relationship. When Mathew returns to the bar, his fun somehow spoiled, he cannot find John anywhere. Matthew's loss happened 50 years ago, and was never able to get over that loss. His wife, Mrs Sally Ann Wakefield (Jessica Chastain) tells Tom Adkins that he could never get rid of his own guilt. John's disappearance may have something to do with Roggiani - sometimes nicknamed Diploma (James Van Der Beek), the only person who helped Mathew to look for his son. The police chief (Jude Ciccolella) thought that Mathew was exaggerating. In fact, he threatens Mathew with telling the jealous husband that he was with his wife. Diploma helps Mathew to search the town, but there's something fishy about him. In a moment, he looks like taking out the rubbish, but when the camera approaches him, we can see that he is putting nails onto an old suitcase. Mathew goes to the sexy wife's home, and threatens the stupid husband, who calls the boy "retarded" three times. It's implied that John never appeared alive again. Later, when the body of a boy enclosed on a suitcase appears, it's very difficult to identify him. Tom Adkins tries to forget about his problems by immersing himself in that investigation. Mrs Wakefield shows him an old photograph of Mathew, John and Diploma, which immediately puts Tom after the trail. Tom questions Diploma about what happened in the spring of 1958. Diploma used to worked at the building site of a company called Beans, and there he used to work with Mathew as bricklayers. Diploma admits to having done it, because the body was retarded and was destroying Mathew's life. Diploma says that that boy should have never been born at all. Tom punches Diploma when he tells of the only time when he really enjoyed killing the boy: he was disguised as a clown at a fairground and took away that boy, who innocent way took him to his favourite place - somewhere under a tree. It's implied that that particular boy was Tom and Barbara's son. Diploma says that he broke his neck while the fireworks were exploding around them. Tom and Barbara's marriage did not survive Tom's guilt. They find the body of their lost son - it had been Diploma who killed him and buried his body under his trailer park mobile home. At the funeral, it looks like there may be hope for the marriage, as Tom finally allows himself to break down and cry.
tt1270286
Drama
The film tells the story of Jake Taylor, a young man who has it all: a basketball scholarship, the ideal girlfriend, and the right friends. But faced with the demands of the in-crowd, Jake has written off his childhood best-friend, Roger. Isolated and mistreated, Roger finally takes his anger to the extreme when he shows up one day on campus with a gun. Jakes last-ditch effort cant stop Roger. And the events which follow rock Jakes world. He begins to question everything. But most of all, he cant stop asking: Could I have saved Roger? In his search for answers, Jake finds himself looking for the next Roger. He reaches out to geeks, losers, and loners. But crossing the strict high school caste lines threatens everything Jake values. And pushes him to answer the most important question of all: What do I want my life to be about? This film doesnt shy away from the real struggles facing our teens.. It is rated PG-13 because it portrays some of these issues accurately: from teen sexuality, to abortion, to cutting, to drug and alcohol abuse, to suicide. But because it does so, teens are praising this film for its realistic and relevant portrayal of their world and responding enthusiastically to its message. As teen author and speaker Zach Hunter comments: It conveys the raw emotions of life and the ups and downs of high schoolMy friends who have seen the film are already talking about it and encouraging others to go see it. A must see for all teenagers and parents.
tt1172571
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The film begins with a family of five, mother Elaine (Eva Birthistle), father Jonah (Stephen Campbell Moore), teenage daughter Casey (Hannah Tointon), and the two younger children Miranda (Eva Sayer) and Paulie (William Howes) heading up to a large house to spend New Year with some relatives. When they arrive, they are greeted by Elaine's sister Chloe (Rachel Shelley), her husband Robbie (Jeremy Sheffield), and their two children; Leah (Raffiella Brooks) and Nicky (Jake Hathaway). Paulie, who has been feeling unwell for the journey is sick outside the house, so Elaine sees to him. While she looks after him, she tells Casey to carry the bags into the house and Casey asks her if she has heard of contraception. Inside, the children are enjoying themselves, except for Casey, who is annoyed that she didn't get to go to her friend's party. Chloe then gets annoyed because Nicky is playing with a toy gun that Casey got him for Christmas. She then continues moaning about her mother, who called at 11pm wanting to speak to the children, and tells them that she hasn't invited her mother over for New Year. Paulie climbs up on to the table, calling for Elaine, and when Jonah picks him up, he hits him in the face. Later, when putting the children to bed, Chloe discusses the MMR jabs with Elaine as Jonah tells Robbie about his job. Casey then asks Robbie where she can get reception for her phone, and Robbie shows her because he is glad to escape the conversation. Miranda mentions that Casey isn't supposed to talk to her friends because Jonah has grounded her. Casey makes a remark about him, calling him Jonah, rather than Dad. Chloe tells the family about how she is home schooling the kids, and Jonah mentions that he is teaching Miranda to speak Mandarin. Leah shows up and tells Chloe that Paulie scares her, and Miranda agrees to take her back to bed. Robbie takes Casey outside, and she leaves her friend a message on the phone, asking her to pick her up the next day. Casey hears the cat, and walks around to look for it, but she can't find it, so she re-enters the house. Robbie locks the door when she gets back in. Later on, Leah coughs something up and wipes it on her pillow, meanwhile, Paulie appears at the foot of his parents' bed, silently watching them. The next day, everyone has a snowball fight, while Casey talks to her friend. She arrives back and asks Robbie if he has seen the cat, and he says it might be in the woods. She walks past a tent, where Miranda refuses to let her in. Inside, the cat's collar is hanging up, indicating that the children have done something to it. More of the sick that Paulie had earlier is seen on the floor, indicating that Nicky is sick too. Later, Paulie is playing with a sledge, and it falls down the hill, hitting Chloe in the leg, causing her to drop a tray and spill hot tea over Jonah. Jonah gets mad at Paulie, and spanks him, with Robbie telling him not to hit children. He then shouts at Casey for not looking after the children, even though it was not her responsibility. The children go to the bedroom, and Miranda tells Chloe that she doesn't want to be there. When Chloe leaves, Miranda tells the others to stop staring at her. Robbie is smoking in the greenhouse, when Casey comes in, and shows him her tattoo. Chloe arrives, sees her with her shirt lifted up and glares at her. During dinner, Chloe deliberately causes an argument by mentioning Casey's tattoo, but Miranda starts screaming at everyone and all the children go mad, so Casey and Robbie go outside to look after them. While there, she goes to the to the other side of the hill to meet her friend, but falls down the hill and hits her head. The kids put Robbie on the sledge, but it crashes, tearing skin off his head. Inside the house, Jonah tries to get Paulie to go upstairs, but Paulie stabs him in the arm with a kitchen knife, before running away. Chloe finds Robbie, dead and shrieks at Casey to find her children, so Elaine heads out into the woods to find them, and bumps into Casey. Casey tells her she went to meet her friend when the accident happened, but she came back. Her friend texts her, but she sees Leah in the woods. She goes to find Leah, but trips over into some more sick and screams. Elaine takes Chloe back into the house, then goes outside to find Robbie's body missing, finding it inside the tent. She sees Paulie on the climbing frame, and climbs up to rescue him, but her high heel slips and she falls, breaking her leg. Casey rescues her and drags her into the greenhouse, but the children begin throwing stones through the windows. Casey makes her a splint to help her walk, but then they hear Paulie trying to get inside. He crawls in, and attacks them, but Casey pushes a shelving unit on to him, before grabbing a knife to defend herself. Elaine tells her to stop, as Chloe comes outside. Elaine tells Casey not to let Chloe inside the tent, but Casey initially refuses to leave her mother to save her hated aunt. Chloe enters the tent, but Leah (who is inside) runs past her, and begins to cut at the tent. Casey opens it up and rescues Chloe, but the evil bitch blames her for everything going on, and locks her outside. She enters the greenhouse, and tackles her brother to the ground. He picks up a pair of scissors and tries to stab her, but Elaine grabs him and he falls on to a shard of glass. Jonah enters to find Paulie dead. Inside the house, Elaine tells Jonah what happened, and he blames her for the accident. Chloe calls Elaine and Casey monsters. Chloe tries to get out to find her children, and Casey tries to stop her. Jonah grabs Casey and throws her on to the sofa. Chloe tells Jonah that Casey needs to stay away from her family. Casey tells Elaine that it wasn't her fault, and the sickness is making the children go mad. In the woods, Chloe moans and rants at Jonah that Casey is in the house and if the kids go back there, she will abuse them. Casey blocks the doors up and locks the windows, so no one can get in. Chloe then finds her children, who kill her by stabbing her in the eye with a crayon. Meanwhile, Casey finds Miranda upstairs, sabotaging the phone lines, and tries to strangle her. Jonah arrives, pulls her off and hits her with a toy phonebox before locking her in. Casey shouts for him, calling him Dad. Miranda runs downstairs and tells Elaine that Casey was hurting her, and Jonah leaves her on the sofa, before getting into Chloe's car with Miranda and driving away. Casey shouts for Elaine to lock the back door, so the kids don't get in, and she locks it before climbing the stairs, but they get in through the cat flap. She tries to break down the door, but she can't. As Elaine gets outside the door, the children arrive, and she can't defend herself against them because they are children. Casey manages to kick a hole in the door, and grabs Nicky's head, impaling it on a piece of wood. As she is about to stab Leah, Elaine tells her not to. Elaine starts her car and drives down the street, until she sees Chloe's car parked at the side of the road. Casey gets out to investigate and finds a hole in the windscreen. She walks around the car and finds Jonah buried under some snow, and starts to be sick. Suddenly, Elaine sees Miranda rushing towards Casey and urges her to move. Elaine accelerates towards her younger daughter, and hits her, killing her instantly. Casey gets back into the car, and they drive away, as other infected children, including Leah, appear in the woods, and the film ends with us wondering whether Casey now has the infection.
tt0401815
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
Tamara Riley is a shy and unattractive but intelligent girl who likes witchcraft and has a crush on Bill Natolly, her handsome English teacher. When a critical article she writes about the school's athletes is published, two of the star athletes, Shawn and Patrick, want revenge. Tamara attempts to perform a magical ritual to bind her fate to that of her teacher, but when she must spill her own blood she ceases the ritual. That night, a prank is orchestrated by Shawn and Patrick, along with Shawn's girlfriend Kisha. Shawn calls Tamara, impersonating Mr. Natolly, and invites her to a motel room. A video camera is placed there and catches Tamara undressing. Shawn, Patrick, and Kisha watch this, along with three others who did not know about the prank (Chloe, Jesse, and Roger). Shawn comes in and taunts Tamara, and Tamara is accidentally killed in a struggle. Despite Chloe's demands that they inform the police, she is blackmailed into helping bury Tamara. However the very next day, they are shocked when Tamara walks into class, alive and well and looking more attractive than ever before. They convince themselves that she was only unconscious and she dug her way out of the ground. That night, while Roger is watching a movie in the school AV room, the image on the screen suddenly changes to the video of Tamara. Roger removes the tape and is confronted by Tamara. She torments him with hallucinations of what it is like to be buried alive and with his history of cutting himself. The next day, he sends a televised message to the entire school in which he proclaims that one should 'hear no evil, speak no evil, and see no evil.' He then cuts off his ear and tongue with a razor blade, then stabs himself in the eye, which kills him. Tamara then visits the home of Mr. Natolly, intending to seduce him. However, when he resists her, she says that "it is only a matter of time." The next day, she visits the school guidance counselor, Allison Natolly, the wife of Mr. Natolly. Tamara confronts Allison, mentioning Allison and Bill's infertility problems. Realizing that her father fantasizes about being with her and that his alcoholism drove her mother away, Tamara makes her father "finish the bottle", requiring him to eat a beer bottle. At a party, Tamara puts a spell on Patrick and Shawn, and forces them to have sex with each other, with Patrick raping Shawn, just as he has done to girls in the past. Kisha attempts to stop Tamara, but is incapacitated when Tamara begins to talk about Kisha's eating disorder. Tamara tells Kisha that she is "skin and bone, and really should eat more." Kisha begins to eat herself into a stupor, but is taken away by Jesse and Chloe. When Chloe and Jesse call Mr. Natolly and tell him about what happened, Kisha (still under the spell) calls Tamara and tells her that Mr. Natolly knows. Kisha is knocked out by Chloe. Chloe, Jesse, and Mr. Natolly go to Tamara's house, where they find the corpse of Tamara's father and a spellbook describing the ritual Tamara tried to perform. They realize that when they killed Tamara that night, her blood was spilled. It was because of Tamara's blood being spilled that the ritual was completed and allowed her to rise from the grave as what she is. Meanwhile, Tamara, learning of what the others know, sends Shawn and Patrick to the Natolly residence to kill Allison. They try, but Allison kills them both in self-defense after a long and brutal chase and fight. Kisha and Allison are both taken to the hospital and treated, but Kisha wakes up and chases down Jesse and Chloe, resulting in Jesse's death. Tamara then takes control of the mind of an armed security guard and chases Mr. Natolly, Allison, and Chloe up to the rooftop of the hospital. Tamara and Chloe finally confront each other. Tamara is unable to control Chloe because of her being innocent and realizing the monster that she herself has become. She breaks down and slowly changes back into a corpse. Before fading away, Tamara asserts her will to be with Mr. Natolly and he appears to surrender to the inevitable. Mr. Natolly holds Tamara close and kisses her, then throws himself off the roof with Tamara. In the final shot, it is revealed that Chloe and Allison are fine, and Tamara and Mr. Natolly are both dead. However, Kisha, still apparently under the spell, takes the spell book from Chloe's jeep.
tt0867334
Drama
'Jolene' is the story about ten years in a young girl's life, who, having grown up in a succession of uncaring and abusive foster homes, marries a young man at 15 in the hope of escaping, and finding a home where she might find some love and happiness. Unfortunately, a bad decision on her part results in catastrophe and ultimately lands her in an institution for young women. After a year of hell, climaxing with an affair with a prison guard, she manages to escape and is finally on the road to freedom and finding herself. In her quest, she passes through a series of relationships, adventures and misfortunes which take her across America, in search of the life she dreams of. Based on the controversial short story by E.L. Doctorow.
tt0473188
Action,Crime,Thriller
Tim Kearney is a loser. He's already in prison for the fourth time because of a criminal offence. There he's offered a deal with the DEA, which would involve his impersonating a legendary drug dealer, Bobby Z. Tim is told that the real Bobby Z has recently died of a heart attack in an embassy in Thailand, shortly after getting out of prison there. The plan that had been in operation at the time of Bobby's death was for him to be exchanged for a DEA agent that was being held by a Mexican drug cartel. The Feds explain to Tim that if he agrees to go along with this "transfer," he will be free to escape south of the border once the DEA agent is safely back on the American side.
tt0377752
Drama,Romance
Frankie Morrison (Jack McElhone) is moving -- again -- with his mother, Lizzie (Emily Mortimer), and grand-mother, Nell (Mary Riggans). Lizzie promises this is the last move, but, as Frankie observes, "she says that every time". As they are settling into a flat, we learn explicitly that Frankie is deaf. We hear Frankie's voice over as he writes a letter to his father, Petty Officer Davey Morrison, care of his ship the Accra. It's clear Frankie is a frequent letter-writer, with a stamp collection supplied from his correspondent -- which, it turns out is his mother. Frankie's father is clearly not on the scene, and from Nell's reaction to a personal ad seeking Lizzie, it's clear the family is anxious to avoid being found. At a new school (again) Frankie suffers some predictable petty bullying, and some counter-balancing friendship from another classmate, Catriona (Jayd Johnson). Frankie agrees to a bet with the chief pest, Ricky Munroe (Sean Brown), who asserts that Frankie's Da won't show up when the ship arrives. Desperate as the day of the ship's arrival nears, Lizzie embarks on a pick-up outing to the local pub, but quickly leaves, disgusted and distraught. When Lizzie admits her predicament -- to find a total stranger to act as Frankie's Da for one day -- to her friend (and boss) Marie, Marie provides her a name and number. Lizzie meets the man, and when he agrees to the charade she hands him all the letters from Frankie to his Da. Early the day the ship is due, Frankie bolts out of the flat and goes missing for hours. His surrogate Da is at the flat when Frankie returns. He gives Frankie a book that is somewhat skeptically received, until he tells Frankie that chose it based on what he read in Frankie's letters. Frankie's face lights up, and he runs to embrace the man. At the football tryouts, Frankie delightedly claims the spoils of his bet from Ricky Munroe. The stranger and Frankie spend the rest of the day slowly getting acquainted, by the harbor. Frankie and the man ask Lizzie for one more day, which she initially rejects but is talked into. The three spend a great afternoon together, and walking home Lizzie explains the background - that Frankie's Da had hit Frankie as a baby, which caused his deafness. The man and Lizzie show a sense of connection, illustrated by one sweet kiss good-bye. Having finally responded to one of the ads searching for her, Lizzie meets her sister-in-law, and eventually visits her husband Davey in hospital, where he is dying. He wants to see Frankie, but when Lizzie refuses we see the anger and abuse that caused her to leave. She flees the hospital, though returns the next day with a photo and a painting from Frankie. Davey dies, and Lizzie tells Frankie. She goes to stop payment on the PO box where she'd directed all Frankie's letters, and finds one last letter from Frankie... to the stranger, with an acknowledgement that his "real Da" has died. He hopes the stranger will visit them again.
tt0412536
Drama,Romance
WWII. The British headquarters move to Brideshead, a mansion in the middle of the English countryside, and Charles is one of those in charge. He happens to be the narrator of the story, and while he makes some comments about the uncomfortability of the place and its inadequate geography, he also remembers with fondness his past happiness there. A painter who is showcasing his last South-American jungle-themed collection leaves the party where many East-Coast millionaires are buying his paintings. He sees a woman and goes after her. When she has reached her first-class cabin, she turns and says "Hello, Charles." Flashback to Charles Ryder (Matthew Goode) starting his first year at Cambridge, and his cousin Jasper (Richard Teveron) shows him around. Charles wants to be a painter, but he must study something more practical, so he goes for History. He gets a room in the ground floor of one of the dorms. Even before he has unpacked, a drunk student appears and throws up in the floor. The next day, Charles gets some flowers from that student, Sebastian Flyte (Ben Whishaw) a homosexual English Lord who hangs out with Anthony Blanche (Joseph Beattie) - a flamboyant homosexual as well - and Boy Mulcaster (Mark Field). Sebastian and Charles become friends, but they never fulfill their sexual desire - an unsolved sexual tension grows on between then. Sebastian takes Charles to see Brideshead, the manor mansion of his family, and Nanny (Rita Davies), an elderly lady who has always taken care of Sebastian and who says that she is praying for Sebastian's soul. Charles considers this a bit odd, but he doesn't make any comment about it. They leave before Sebastian's mother appear with some Conservative ladies. On such a rush visit, Charles can only catch glimpses of the paintings at Brideshead. He leaves fascinated and mesmerized with the palace, the views, the art, the ever-obliging servicepeople. Also, on their way out, Charles catches a glimpse of Sebastian's older sister, Julia (Hayley Atwell). Summer holidays. Charles finds his father's (Patrick Malahide) company utterly boring, so he runs to Brideshead after Sebastian sends a telegramme asking Charles to come because he was in an accident. Sebastian only injured his foot. Charles and Sebastian get closer and closer. Charles will know the rest of the family: Cordelia, (Felicity Jones), who sends money to some African nuns so that they christen an African girl with her name, Brideshead "Bridey" (Ed Stoppard), business-minded and too formal, and mother-of-four Lady Marchmain (Emma Thomson), who is a die-hard Catholic, the tyrant of her house. However, this time, in spite of her objections, Sebastian and Julia will visit their estranded father (Michael Gambon),and Charles tags along. They are happy there. They also meet Cara (Greta Scacchi), the father's lover. She tells Charles that Sebastian will always like men, but that for Charles himself will be only a phase. During the Carnival, Charles kisses Julia, who will run away afterwards. Sebastian sees that kiss, and his mood towards everything changes. When they return to Brideshead, Sebastian takes to drinking too much, and Lady Marchmain tells Charles that he could never possibly marry Julia, as Charles is an Atheist. Lady Marchmain asks Charles to take care of Sebastian for Julia's 21st birthday party. He gives Sebastian money so that he can buy more drink. Sebastian makes a fool of himself at the party. Julia announces that he is going to marry Rex Mottram (Jonathan Cake), richer than her own family, and a Catholic. She may not be really in love with Rex, and Cordelia thinks Rex is horrible. Lady Marchmain puts Charles out as he has given money to Sebastian. Four years later, Charles is hard at work, painting. He meets Celia Mulcaster (Anna Madeley) while at work. They marry soon. Lady Marchmain appears to ask a favour of Charles: to bring Sebastian back from Morocco. Although Charles refuses at first, he'll travel there. He finds that Sebastian is really sick, and he doesn't want to come back to Brideshead. Charles says that Sebastian has found some piece of mind while working on a monk abbey. Soon afterwards of acknowledging Sebastian's refusal, Lady Marchmain dies. Back at the party, Celia insists that Charles should socialize with the wealthy party-goers. Anthony Blanche appears, seemingly mocking himself and Charles. Anthony says that Charles is ambitious. Anthony makes a comment that, when Charles decided to spend the holidays with Sebastian and Julia, Charles would be like a sheep among the wolves, but he realises that it happen all the opposite way, because Charles has hunted both Sebastian and Julia. "There is no stop to your ambition", he says, and Charles doesn't even pretend to reject this preposition. Charles and Julia make love, (finally). Later, they go to the bar, and they decide each one of them will leave their spouse and live together, maybe in Paris or Italy. Back at Brideshead, Bridey arrives to have dinner with them, telling them of his approaching marriage to a strict Catholic who would never visit somebody living in sin. Julia gets deeply upset because of it. Charles talks to Rex. He'll free her in exchange for some of Charles' paintings. Cordelia appears to say that Sebastian is healthy again, and that he's stayed at the hospital to work there. When Charles and Julia are about to leave Brideshead, Lord Marchmain appears to die at his old home, so Julia feels she can't leave. He refuses to see Father Mackay (Niall Buggy). Lord Marchmain says that he and Charles have betrayed Sebastian. In a conversation with Julia, Charles realises -and admits aloud- that he's always wanted Brideshead. Lord Marchmain makes the sign of the cross and receives the last rites just before he dies, in view of all the family. Julia won't be able to resist: her faith prevents her from leaving Brideshead. Charles leaves alone, and wonders if he wanted too much, or whether he was blind to their strong faith. WWII. The British headquarters move to Brideshead and Charles is one of those in charge. He talks with Hooper (Thomas Morrison), a soldier who believes that this life is all there is. Hooper says that the older brother has died and there is a sister who normally lives in the house, but is currently overseas with the women's service. Charles goes into the house and enters the chapel, dipping his fingers in the holy water. He walks over to a statue of Mary and young Jesus and a burning candle and stands there remembering Sebastian and Julia. He holds his wet fingers in front of the candle flame, intending to snuff it out, then decides not to and leaves the chapel. We see his unfocused figure walking out of the house.
tt0796307
Adventure,Drama
The debut feature from director Patricia Riggen, this drama centers on a young boy's journey across the US/Mexico border to be reunited with his mother. Adrian Alonso stars as Carlitos, a Mexican adolescent living with his grandmother while his mother works as a maid in the US, hoping someday to send for her child. But when the grandmother dies unexpectedly, Carlitos must sneak across the border and seek out his mother. Featuring a supporting performance by America Ferrara of ABC's Ugly Betty, The Same Moon premiered at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival where it received a standing-ovation. ~ Matthew Tobey, All Movie Guide
tt1047494
Comedy,Drama,Romance
A single mother living in inner city Chicago, Brenda has been struggling for years to make ends meet and keep her three kids off the street. But when she's laid off with no warning, she starts losing hope for the first time - until a letter arrives announcing the death of a father she's never met. Desperate for any kind of help, Brenda takes her family to Georgia for the funeral. But nothing could have prepared her for the Browns, her father's fun-loving, crass Southern clan. In a small-town world full of long afternoons and country fairs, Brenda struggles to get to know the family she never knew existed...and finds a brand new romance that just might change her life. The story is adapted by Tyler Perry from his stage play "Meet the Browns." Perry will portray Madea and Uncle Joe in the film.
tt1098356
Drama,Horror,Thriller
This film is a remake of Long Weekend (1978) and has since been renamed "Natures Grave". A married couple barely able to hide their contempt for each other, Peter (James Caviezel) and Carla (Claudia Karvan) embark on a camping vacation over a holiday weekend to make use of the expensive gear Peter purchased, much to his wife's disgust. Heading off into the wilds of Australia, the couple bickers and stews in the hostile mood. While finding the campsite tricky to find, the pair finally arrive and hope to make the most out of the situation through ocean play, sunbathing, and outdoor cooking. Stomping around nature, Peter and Carla's tactless ways raise the ire of the local wildlife, which torture the duo with strange occurrences and vicious attacks. Eager to bolt once the reality of violence sets in, the couple furiously tries to abandon the campsite, but nature has other plans for hapless pair. The original is an environmentally-conscious film about a couple who decide to spend on a long weekend on an isolated beach to repair their relationship. While there, they "encounter nature's revenge." Maybe they'll get pelted with tons of water bottles and buried under piles of littered garbage. The story is once again coming from the pen of Everett De Roche, who wrote the original, but there is no word on how much has been updated. This is actually the second of back-to-back films from Blanks about couples in peril in nature. He just wrapped another film called Storm Warning, where a yuppie couple get lost in a swamp and "drift off course and into a world of pain." Principal photography is set to begin in October, and the movie will probably come out in 2008. In the meantime, I'd like to start up a campaign that keeps the word "suspenser" from ever being used again. [D-Man2010] A suburban couple take a weekend vacation in the hopes of repairing their relationship. What they don't know is that when they mess with nature, Nature will bite them back. They set out to an isolated beach where they encounter nature's revenge. [D-Man2010] A married couple go on a camping trip to heal their savagely difficult relationship, but prove as destructive to the world around them as they are to themselves. [D-Man2010]
tt0361127
Drama
Bacon plays Walter, a convicted child molester returning home to Philadelphia after a 12-year stint in prison. Walter finds that his friends and family have abandoned him, with the exception of his brother-in-law, Carlos (Benjamin Bratt). He gets a job at a lumber mill, where he meets Vicki (Kyra Sedgwick), one of the few women working at the mill, who quickly sleeps with him. She initially rejects him after learning of his past, but eventually becomes his girlfriend, convinced that he is a good man at heart. Walter receives frequent visits from a verbally abusive cop named Lucas (Mos Def), whose role is to make sure Walter is staying away from children. Now that he is out of prison, Walter must learn to deal with the community's contempt and avoid temptation, including an elementary school across the street from his apartment and a young bird-watcher, Robin (Hannah Pilkes). He also comes to suspect that a man he has seen watching children near his apartment building is also a child molester. Over the course of the film, Walter observes the man (Kevin Rice) offering young boys candy, chatting them up, and abducting them. Walter nicknames the man "Candy". Walter's life takes a further downturn when a suspicious coworker (Eve) learns of his crimes and alerts the entire mill. Seeking "relief", Walter goes to the park intending to molest Robin who confides in him that her father is abusing her. Finally realizing the damage he has caused, Walter changes his mind and tells her to go home. As she leaves she hugs him. On his way home, he sees Candy dropping off a young boy at his school at night. In a fit of rage and self-hatred, Walter beats Candy so badly he fractures his jaw. Soon after, Lucas visits Walter's apartment as he is packing to move in with Vicki and tells him that a man was beaten across the street the night before, asks if he heard anything. He tells Walter that the boy can make a positive ID of the assailant, and that the victim is wanted in Virginia for raping a young boy, clearing Walter's conscience. Walter later meets his sister, who he hasn't seen in years, and she becomes very angry and leaves him. As the movie closes, in a voiceover discussion with his therapist (Michael Shannon), Walter explains that he understands and accepts her anger, and expresses optimism for his own future.
tt0472050
Comedy
Bart Got a Room isnt the first movie comedy about nerds, high school, and the senior prom, and it undoubtedly wont be the last. It may not be the best, either, but writer-director Brian Heckers 2008 concoction has enough laughs, charm, amusingly-drawn characters, and winning performances to more than hold its own. For Danny Stein (Steven J. Kaplan), a high school student in Hollywood, Florida, the imminence of the prom is the source of considerable distress; even more distressing is the prospect of booking of a hotel room for himself and his date at the end of the evening. Problem is, Danny (whos a bit of a schlub, but far from a total, like, loser), doesnt have a date yet. The obvious choice is his best friend Camille (Alia Shawkat), whos available and clearly interested, but Danny thinks he can do better--say, with Alice (Ashley Benson), the sophomore hottie who drives to school with him every day. Wrong. As the days, then the hours, dwindle down, Danny, whose parents separation is an added distraction (William H. Macy and Cheryl Hines are perfect as Ernie, whos looking for love on the internet, and Beth, who has a new beau), realizes hes in big trouble, not least because even the titular Bart--a geek so geeky he makes Danny look like Tom Cruise--already has the room thing covered. All of this plays out in ways that are neither surprising nor especially hilarious, but the movie has heart, not to mention a number of cute, quirky scenes (many involving Dannys well-intentioned, but mostly clueless, family). Movies like Bart Got a Room arent really about the destination, anyway; theyre about the journey, and this ones a fun ride. [D-Man2010] Nerdy high school senior Danny has spent six hundred bucks on the hotel room, the limo and the tux for his prom. He's only missing one thing - the girl. Hampered by well intentioned but clueless advice from his newly divorced parents and unsympathetic mocking from his best friends, Danny battles peer pressure, teen angst and his own raging hormones as he desperately searches for a prom date. Danny's luckless quest turns to panic when he learns that even Bart - the school's biggest dweeb - has secured not only a date but also a hotel room for the night. [D-Man2010]
tt0318374
Drama,Romance
We begin with an aerial view of the hotels in Las Vegas, before settling on one called the Shangri-La. Inside one gaming area, the patrons all seem to be winning. Joe, a floor boss, picks up a phone and asks where Bernie is - they need him right away. Moments later, from an elevator emerges Bernie Lootz (William H. Macy), dressed in a seedy-looking ill-fitting suit. As he limps through the casino and passes people, their luck immediately goes sour. Roulette wheels, blackjack cards, crap tables and slot machines all stop paying out. Bernie then wanders over to Doris, the barmaid, who pours him a coffee. He asks for cream, but as she starts to pour it the creamer runs dry. A pretty blonde waitress, Natalie Belisario (Maria Bello) brings a drink order to the bar. Bernie tries to chat with her, but she is clearly distracted. She asks Doris if Shelly left word for her; he was supposed to put her at the tables rather than the nickel slots she's been stuck at. As Natalie leaves, Bernie promises her he'll talk to Shelly but she doesn't seem to notice. Joe tells Bernie he's needed on table 11. Bernie tells Joe to have Natalie bring him a drink - that he talked to Shelly and he wanted her on the tables tonight. Natalie brings him the drink, thanking him for talking to Shelly. Bernie then takes the drink to a player at the crap table who's having a hot streak - which ends immediately. Bernie then plays some blackjack, losing his money and wrecking the luck of all the other players. Next, we see casino boss Shelly Kaplow (Alec Baldwin) in his office. He has a headache and is trying to get a manicure, when a small entourage of men in gray suits barge in . Leading the pack is his casino partner, Nicky Bonnatto (Arthur J. Nascarella). Nicky introduces Shelly to his new VP Larry Sokolov (Ron Livingston) and his numbers guy, Marty Goldfarb. After drinks, smokes and jokes, Nicky tells Shelly that Larry has some ideas to revitalize the Shangri-La. Shelly asks why - they raked in $35 million last year. Larry explains that he respects the job Shelly has done the last 16 years, but that things have changed on the strip. Shelly responds in disgust about the "Disneyland" the strip has become. What was once a high class hooker, has now become a cheap, fat whore. Larry points out that other casinos are raking in dough and the Shangri-La just can't compete anymore. Shelly says they're not trying to compete; this is where old-time real money comes to play. Larry counters they only offer nostalgia - fine for museums but not casinos. Later, Shelly meets Bernie on the floor and stops him for a chat. He asks how his knee is and tells him about an orthopedist who can make a kneecap out of titanium. But Bernie reminds him he won't be here past Sunday. Shelly asks him where he's going to go that better than this. But Bernie insists that in seven days he's gone. Bernie goes to his motel room at the Bettor Life motel, a dismal dive. He sits in bed watching TV. He can't even try to sleep because his neighbor is having loud, headboard-banging sex on the opposite side of the wall. Next day, a high roller is on a hot streak. When Natalie brings him his drink, he deliberately takes his time stuffing the money into her cleavage, causing her to topple over into Bernie. She apologizes, but Bernie tells her she might want to stick around. He hands the guy some new dice, and his lucky streak evaporates. The roller sees Natalie smiling at his misfortune, and starts swearing at her, until he is hauled off by security. Natalie smiles at Bernie gratefully. Shelly takes his partner and the new guys out to watch Buddy Stafford (Paul Sorvino), the casino's older, worn-down lounge singer. Larry is clearly not impressed. Shelly goes to see the singer in his dressing room. Buddy is embarrassed about his performance. Shelly tries to pump up his ego, but Buddy is more concerned whether Shelly brought his fix. Shelly did and Buddy quickly shoots up. He tells Shelly about a nature show he saw - how a lion who was once the leader of a pride had gone past his prime and was expelled and left to forage on his own until he died. It would be so much easier, he moans, if he could just walk away with his dignity intact. Shelly disagrees, saying that would be like admitting he was dead already. Bernie walks out to his car and is surprised to find Natalie waiting for him. "Buy you a drink?" she invites. Larry, meanwhile, introduces Shelly to Johnny Capella (Joey Fatone), a new hot singer he thinks should be headlining at the Shangri-La. Shelly tells Larry he already has Buddy signed up for five more years. Johnny is miffed and walks out. Natalie and Bernie are in a diner, where she is reviewing his astrological chart, telling him he is a slow starter when it comes to romance. He tells her it all doesn't matter; he knows what the outcome will be - all bad. He asks if she knows what he does. "You're a cooler", she replies. "You turn winners into losers". He tells her he does it by just being himself. Everyone who's ever been next to him has had their luck turn sour; it's always been that way. That sounds like a self-fulfilling prophecy, she retorts. He blurts out that he is leaving in five days anyway, so she suggests they don't waste any time and just go to his place. He nervously tells her he's not sure he can afford her. She is insulted, and he realizes he's made a mistake. I've done it again, he tells her. I've cooled the damn table. But she assures him he hasn't cooled anything yet. They go to his motel room, where she notices his plants are all dead, and he has a cat food dish but no cat. She sits down on the bed, while he dusts off an old record. But as it starts to play the needle scratches across it. He resets it and nervously sits next to her. She tells him to relax - at least one of them has done this before. As the record starts to play, "Luck Be a Lady Tonight", she starts to undress. He notices she has a tattoo of two dice, each reading a two, on her behind. She walks to him coyly and starts to seduce him. But he is nervous, and ends up just rolling on top of her and finishing very quickly. She tells him gently, "It's okay. I've had worse", then gives him other kind reassurances. The next morning Bernie wakes up to find he's alone. Sadly, he picks up her pillow and hugs it. Suddenly she walks out of the bathroom, brushing her teeth, and asks if he wants to go to breakfast. He nods yes with a huge smile. At breakfast, he tells her about his past. He was an out-of-control gambler who built up a huge debt until Shelly broke his legs with a baseball bat. Natalie is horrified, but Bernie says he's actually grateful. His shattered bones are a reminder to keep him from giving into the temptation to gamble. He worked out a repayment plan with Shelly - six years off the books cooling tables, and it's up in five days. The conversation is interrupted as a pregnant girl nearby has labor pains. Bernie sees them and recognizes the husband as his son, Mikey (Shawn Hatosy). Bernie and Natalie escort the pregnant couple, Mikey and Charlene (Estella Warren), to their car. She has settled down and is no longer in labor. When Bernie asks about Mikey's mother, he angrily responds she's getting by as long as she's high. Bernie nervously invites him to come to his motel to "catch up". Mikey says he might do that for the kid's sake. Bernie sits down at a blackjack table with one other player, Mel, who is obviously winning. He bets one hand and the dealer goes bust with it. Afterward, incredibly, the dealer busts on hand after hand, letting Mel rake in the dough. Bernie is perplexed and leaves the table. Shelly wonders if the dealer is cheating, but can't believe it. They run across Larry - who knows Bernie is a cooler. He chides Shelly for sticking to the old ways. He says there are more effective ways nowadays. He shows Shelly a CD with soft music laced with a subliminal message of "Lose. Lose. Lose." Shelly only rolls his eyes. The other partners arrive, and Shelly takes them to Buddy's room only to find Buddy on the floor dead of an overdose. Shelly suggests that the Paradise room stay closed tonight in Buddy's honor, but Larry quickly has Johnny Capella take over and do the show. The partners are impressed, but not Shelly. Bernie and Natalie try the ring toss as a carnival, but she misses all her tosses. They sit down and Natalie looks sadly at a little boy standing next to his dad. She asks Bernie if he noticed the tattoo on her butt: two dice each with a 2 - a Little Joe. She admits she had a son named Joe, but only for a year. She gave him up for adoption ten years ago because she was 17 and wanted her life back. Her family abandoned her after that, and she ran off to become a showgirl. Deep down, she knows she did the right thing, but now feels she was selfish. Bernie stands up as if to leave, and tells her softly, "I think...I could kick your ass at the dime toss". She laughs and they hug tenderly. Afterward, they make love in his motel room. Bernie is now very confident and gives Natalie obvious pleasure. Then with a smile he asks if she'll do something for him. Moments later, it sounds like they are having loud, headboard-banging sex, but the camera pans up to reveal that the two of them are just leaning against the headboard, rocking it and screaming out loudly. Finally, Bernie screams out and the two collapse, quietly laughing as the neighbor yells for them to shut up. "Did we wake you?" Bernie calls out. Later on, Natalie returns to Bernie's apartment to find Charlene and Mikey waiting there. Mikey asks if Bernie is renting her, because he can't figure out how else his loser father could get so lucky. Before she can say something back, Bernie returns from parking his car. He's surprised but happy to see Mikey. Mikey then tells him they're strapped for money and Bernie gives them $3,000 in cash, all the money he has to spare. Meanwhile, Larry presents a model of the new Golden Shangri-La to the partners: 3 floors of gaming, entertainment, boutiques, restaurants - even a roller coaster. Shelly responds by telling them the plot of the movie LOST HORIZON, how Shangri-La was totally untouched by the outside world - a paradise. Thats what the hotel Shangri-La was supposed to be, and you don't mess with that. Shelly insists that someday people will want the old Vegas back and he'll be there to give it to them. Nicky then goes to play some craps but is annoyed by a rude player. After Nick craps out and the guy laughs, Nicky head-butts him and beats him bloody until security, called by Bernie, drags the guy away. Bernie tells Natalie how anxious he is to get out of Vegas and begs her to come with him. She answers that she's done an astrological compatibility chart on them and they're good together - but only if they stay in Vegas. Bernie returns to his job. As he stands by a table, he is appalled to see his son there, playing craps. Natalie finds him and so does Larry, as Mikey rolls two nines and wins big. Shelly arrives in time to see Mike subtly switching back the real dice for his obviously loaded dice. He then throws a losing roll and decides to graciously leave with his winnings. Shelly tells him he doesn't want to lay out that kind of cash on the floor and invites them to come to his office to collect. Mikey agrees, but when Shelly tells him not to bother bringing his chips he knows he's in trouble. Larry suggests they turn them in to the authorities, but Shelly tells Larry to watch him protect his investment the "old school" way. Bernie is torn up, but goes to save his son. Shelly has the couple down in a basement area, about to work Mikey over when Bernie arrives and begs him to stop. Shelly accuses Bernie of being in on the con, but believes him when he denies it. Instead, he tells Bernie they were up 150 grand when they left the table, so he wants $75,000 each for their lives. When they start to punch Mikey, Bernie agrees to cover the 150 G's. Charlene then starts to have contractions and pleads to go to the hospital. Shelly responds by kicking her in the stomach, then pulling up her shirt to reveal that the "baby" was just a large cushion. Shelly mocks the shocked Bernie by cradling the cushion. He gives Bernie a chance to change his mind but the cooler still offers to cover the debt. Shelly then orders Mikey to be put up on the table. Bernie pleads that they had a deal, but Shelly tells him 150 grand buys only their lives. With that he takes a sledge hammer and breaks both of Mikey's legs. Back at his motel, Bernie blames himself for what happened to Mikey. Natalie gently tells him to stop beating up on himself and begins to dance with him instead. Later on, they are in bed together. She sits up and confesses that she knows she loves him. "You blindsided me, Bernie Lootz," she declares. "I never saw it coming". She then tells him there are things about her that he should know, but he doesn't care; it won't change how he feels about her. He's afraid to voice just how he feels about her because of all his rotten luck. But she tells him his rotten luck is all over now, so he admits that he loves her too. As a new day dawns, Bernie awakes to find his cat Trixie has come back, and Natalie has left him a note, "Have a Spectacular Day". He goes off to work with a new confidence. When the waitress pours his coffee, the creamer finally pours out cream for him. As he makes his rounds, people around him start to get very lucky. Even as Shelly takes him aside to find out what's going on, a brand new slot machine rigged for virtually no payouts hits a big jackpot. Bernie tells Shelly theres nothing wrong with him - he's just in love! Shelly has Natalie brought to him. He reminds her he only hired her to be a lover to Bernie, not to actually fall in love with him. Now his falling in love has turned Lootz's bad luck to good and cost the casino at least a million. He demands that she leave him, not even telling him to his face but just leaving a note. She refuses at first until Shelly threatens her life. Bernie returns home to find a note from Natalie that she has left him. Afterward he returns to the casino to find the creamer has run dry again and he is once more bringing bad luck to everyone he touches. He meets Shelly in the lounge and asks if he muscled Natalie into leaving, but Shelly denies everything and acts offended. Bernie comments that the new lounge singer is all flash and no soul and that he misses Buddy. Shelly tells him Buddy was tired and that he gave him an easy way out. He admits that he knew Buddy would never accept the casino buyout. He'd have fought to the end and eventually would have been hurt. So he gave him the overdose instead and let him die peacefully. Bernie is appalled. That night in his motel room, a lonely Bernie hears a knock on the door. Natalie is back, suitcase in hand. He takes her back before she can even say a word. Later, in bed, she suggests they run away together, but he says he can't. He owes Shelly a debt, and if he ran, Shelly would come after him and hurt her as well. At the casino, Bernie is bringing people luck again, so Shelly has Natalie grabbed from the motel. He tells her he could make her disappear and no one would miss her. "Bernie would!" she counters. She tells Shelly it must kill him to know that Bernie loves her. Bernie was your friend, she shouts at him, and you crippled him. Still he stood by you but no more! She and Bernie are leaving tonight and he can't stop them. Shelly slams her face into a mirror which shatters and leaves her face bloody. He then departs quietly. Bernie returns home to find Natalie hiding in the dark. He finds the broken mirror and turns on the light, seeing her with cuts on her face. She confesses that Shelly paid her to get close to him. She thought it was easy money. But as she got to know him, she saw that he wasn't a phony or a hustler but a decent guy. And she loved the way he treated her like a lady. Now Shelly wants her gone because she brought him luck. She just wanted to tell him the truth before leaving him, because she knows he wouldn't want her now. But instead, Bernie rushes her to the hospital, where they stitch up her cuts. He tells her afterward that everything will be all right. And if she ever looks in the mirror and doesn't like what she sees, then don't believe it. Look into my eyes instead, he tells her tenderly, they're the only mirror you're ever going to need. They go back to the Shangri-La. She tells him she lied about his astrological chart that first night - that it was actually the worst she had ever seen. But he assures her that was before he opened his heart to her now he has Lady Luck on his side. She gives him the $3,000 that Shelly had paid her and suggests he give it to Shelly as a down payment. He goes inside to where Shelly is meeting with his partners, throws Natalie's bloody handkerchief on the table and punches Shelly in the stomach swearing to kill him if he touches Natalie again. Shelly and his men drag Bernie up to the roof. Shelly says he hurt Natalie because he never gives up on a good thing, and Bernie is a very good thing - the best cooler ever. Bernie says he's not that man anymore. He promises to leave, get a job and send Shelly half his paycheck, but.Shelly says if he tries to leave the casino without paying his debt, he'll toss both he and Natalie off the roof. Bernie says he won't do that, because with him dead, he'd no longer the biggest loser in the world - Shelly would. What do you have except this place, Bernie challenges, your legacy is an illusion - you've got nothing. Shelly isn't impressed by the speech and walks away. Bernie turns his $3,000 into chips and starts throwing the dice at the crap table and winning. After he has run up some serious money and gotten Shelly's attention (but no interference from him) Larry arrives demanding Shelly shut him down right now and proclaiming that Bernie isn't leaving with one dime. Shelly hauls Larry into the men's room and tells him Bernie is okay and nobody's touching a hair on his head. He pins Shelly down and declares, wait, on a subsonic level, I hear a mantra "Pain! Pain! Pain!" Then he breaks Larry's wrist. At the table, Bernie is up over 100 grand until he craps out. He bets again but craps out a second time. He then takes the rest of his chips - $80,000 in all and places one last bet, throwing the dice nervously. He is next seen walking out of the casino empty-handed. Natalie is just grateful that he is alive as he drives them away. Meanwhile, Shelly is in his office with a headache, refusing to answer his ringing phone. He finally smashes the model of the new Golden Shangri-La to bits. Miles away in the car, Natalie asks Bernie to tell her what happened. He stops the car on the side of a desert road and opens the door as if he has to throw up. Meanwhile, Shelly gets into his car in the parking lot only to find Nicky waiting in his back seat. Bernie, meanwhile, proceeds to pull wads of money out of his pockets. He tells Natalie he won big at the casino. "Bahamas, here we come", he declares. Then a cop appears at their window, ordering them to step out. Bernie tells the cop he's sorry if he was driving carelessly, but that they just won a load of money. The cop pulls out a gun and tells them they didn't win anything - and orders them to get on their knees. Nicky tells Shelly he's just protecting his investment the old school way. He points his gun at Shelly's temple and shoots him dead. Meanwhile, on their knees in the desert, Natalie whispers to Bernie that they should have known it was all too good to be true. They turn to give each other one last loving gaze as the cop cocks his gun. But instead of hearing a gunshot, they hear a loud thud. They turn to see that a car has run down and killed the cop. Bernie realizes it was just a random drunk driver - a freaky, lucky coincidence. Bernie and Natalie get back into the car and drive away with their money. We see Larry being introduced to the investors as the new Director of Casino Operations at the new Golden Shangri-La. "The future looks very bright, gentlemen. Very, very bright," he assures them. And with those words of endorsement ringing in our ears, we watch Bernie and Natalie drive off toward a new life together.
tt0811106
Comedy,Romance
Ten stories, each inspired by one of the Ten Commandments. A guy (Adam Brody) who becomes an accidental hero after falling out of a plane, A librarian (Gretchen Mol) who has a sexual awakening in Mexico with a swarthy local (Justin Theroux), A doctor (Ken Marino) who kills his patients "as a goof", A police detective (Liev Schreiber) who covets his neighbor's Cat Scan machine, A mother (Kerri Kenney-Silver) who enlists an Arnold Schwarzenneger impersonator (Oliver Platt) to be a father figure to her children, A prisoner (Rob Corddry) who covets his fellow inmate's "wife", A woman (Winona Ryder) who falls in love with, and then steals a ventriloquist's puppet, A Rhinoceros (voice of H. Jon Benjamin) who learns the pitfalls of gossip, A husband (A. D. Miles) who skips church with his family to get naked with his friends and listen to Roberta Flack, Jeff Reigert (Paul Rudd) presents all of these stories to the audience, while struggling with his own moral dilemma: having to choose between his beautiful wife (Famke Janssen) and his also beautiful but somewhat younger mistress (Jessica Alba).
tt0166396
Comedy
In the remote Irish village of Tullymore, someone has struck it rich, winning several million in the National Lottery. Since it is a close-knit, traditional Irish village, everyone knows everyone else's business, yet it remains mystery who might have won. Clever Jackie O'Shea (Ian Bannen) tries to find the winner through a process of deduction, analyzing everyone's behavior and hosting a fancy chicken dinner for potential winners (so as to curry favor and perhaps receive a bit of the winnings himself). Finally, it becomes clear that only Ned Devine, an elderly retiree who lives alone, could have won the prize. Jackie and his friend Michael O'Sullivan (David Kelly) call on Ned, only to find the poor man stone dead, clutching the Lottery ticket in his hand, and with a smile on his lips. The shock of winning killed him! The scheming Jackie tries to figure out a way to cash the ticket, but has a dream in which Ned Devine prompts him to share the money with the impoverished village. So he concocts a crazy scheme: his friend Michael will pose as Ned when a representative from the Lottery commission (Adrian Robinson) comes to verify the winner. In a series of humorous events, the entire village (save one) convince the Lotto observer that Michael is legitimately Ned Devine, and even devise an offshore banking scheme to cash the check. The town begins celebrating, when the old "witch" Lizzie Quinn (Eileen Dromey) threatens to turn them in for a fraud reward. She even attempts to reach the only working phone in the area (a telephone box along a winding coastal road). Her motorized wheelchair runs out of juice, so she staggers to the phone booth. As she tries to complete the call to betray them all, the phone box is struck by the Parish Priest in his van, and Quinn plunges to her death. Thus, everyone in Tullymore becomes a millionaire, and all the loose ends are tied-up.
tt0114134
Drama
The film's title, "The Pillow Book", refers to an ancient Japanese diary, the book of observations by Sei Shnagon, actual name believed to be Kiyohara Nagiko, from whence the protagonist's name in the film. The film is narrated by Nagiko (Vivian Wu), a Japanese born model living in Hong Kong. Nagiko seeks a lover who can match her desire for carnal pleasure with her admiration for poetry and calligraphy. The roots of this obsession lie in her youth in Kyoto, when her father (Ken Ogata) would write characters of good fortune on her face. Nagiko's father celebrates her birthday retelling the Japanese creation myth and writing on her flesh in beautiful calligraphy, while her aunt (Hideko Yoshida) reads a list of "beautiful things" from Sei Shnagon's the book of observations. Nagiko's aunt tells her that when she is twenty-eight years old, the official book of observations will be officially 1000 years old, and that she, Nagiko, will be the same age as Sei Shnagon when she had written the book (in addition to sharing her first name). Nagiko also learns around this time that her father is in thrall to his publisher, "Yaji-san" (Yoshi Oida), who demands sexual favours from her father in exchange for publishing his work. Early chapters The publisher arranges Nagiko's wedding to his young apprentice. Her husband (Ken Mitsuishi), an expert archer, resents Nagiko's love for books and her desire to read, in spite of his apprenticeship. He also refuses to indulge in her desires for pleasure, refusing to write on her body. When he discovers and reads Nagiko's pillow book, he is extremely resentful, setting it on fire and thus setting fire to their marital home, an event which Nagiko describes to be the 'first major fire of her life.' Insulted and enraged, Nagiko leaves him for good. Hiding from her husband, Nagiko moves to Hong Kong. In spite of her aversion to the practice, she learns how to type to find work. Outside her apartment, a group of activists regularly protest the publishing industry for the depletion of forests due to the need to make paper. After working as a secretary in the office of a Japanese fashion designer for a while, Nagiko's employer takes a liking to her and makes her one of his models. As a successful fashion model, Nagiko hires a maid (Hideko Yoshida again), as she now finally has the opportunity to explore her sexual desires of being written on. However, after several affairs, she feels dissatisfied with them all: either they have great penmanship and are lousy lovers, or vice-versa. One day, at the Cafe Typo, Nagiko's favourite haunt, she meets Jerome (Ewan McGregor), a British translator. Intrigued by his knowledge, they go to a private space where she has Jerome write on her body in various languages. In spite of her interest, Nagiko dislikes Jerome's handwriting and orders him out. Jerome totally shocks Nagiko, however, when he asks her to teach him, offering her to write on his body. Opening his shirt, he offers Nagiko to "Use my body like the pages of a book. Of your book!". Nagiko has never considered this aspect in her desires before: her lovers always write on her body. When she backs out and runs, Jerome laughs at her. Frightened but very intrigued by Jerome's suggestion, Nagiko has several one-night stands in which she experiments writing on their bodies. One of the activists, admirer Hoki (Yutaka Honda), a Japanese photographer who adores her, begs Nagiko to take him as a lover. She explains she can't, as his skin's no good for writing: whenever she writes on him, the ink smears and runs. Hoki, not wanting Nagiko to keep carrying on like she is, suggests she try writing a book, offering to take it to a renowned publisher he freelances for. Nagiko likes this idea and writes her first book. Nagiko's book is returned, being told the book is "not worth the paper it's written on!". Insulted, Nagiko follows the address on the envelope to confront the publisher. Nagiko is shocked to discover that the publisher who rejected her work is in fact Yaji-san, her father's old publisher. What's more, the publisher has a young lover: Jerome. Devising a plan, Nagiko decides that she will get to the publisher through Jerome. Meeting up with Jerome again, Nagiko discovers he has learned a few more languages, and his penmanship has greatly improved. Nagiko and Jerome spend several weeks exploring this, writing on each other and making love. Nagiko soon realises that, in Jerome, she has found the perfect lover she has been searching for: the partner with whom she can share her physical and her poetic passion, using each other's bodies as tablets for their art. Writing of books 1 - 6 Nagiko tells Jerome the truth and the whole story with the publisher. Jerome comes up with an idea: Nagiko will write her book on Jerome's body and Jerome will take it to the publisher. Nagiko loves the idea, and writes Book 1: The Book of The Agenda, in intricate characters of black, red, and gold, on Jerome, keeping her identity anonymous. The plan is a success: Jerome sees the publisher and exhibits the book on his nude body, and the impressed publisher has his scriveners copy down the text. After telling Nagiko of the plan's success, Jerome tells Nagiko that he'll return to her as soon as the publisher, who was extremely aroused by the experience, lets him go. However, during his time with the publisher, Jerome appears to lose track of time and doesn't return to Nagiko. Nagiko, jealous, impatient, and angry, searches for Jerome, eventually finding him making love with the publisher. Nagiko takes this as rejection and betrayal of the worst kind, and immediately plots revenge. On two Swedish tourists (Wichert Dromkert and Martin Tukker), Nagiko writes Book 2: The Book of The Innocent and Book 3: The Book of the Idiot. Shortly afterwards, an old man (Wu Wei) is running naked through the streets from the publisher's shop, bearing Book 4: The Book of Impotence/Old Age. Book 5: The Book of the Exhibitionist is delivered by a boorish, fat, hyperactive American (Tom Kane). Nagiko's revenge is a success. Jerome is furiously jealous, and comes to Nagiko's home to confront her. Nagiko refuses to meet him, however, and won't let Jerome in. Jerome's outrage soon turns to desperation as he begs her to talk to him, but she won't. Jerome sinks into deep depression and meets with Hoki at the Cafe Typo, desperate to find a way to get Nagiko to forgive him. Hoki suggests that he "scare" Nagiko by faking suicide, similar to the fake death scene in Romeo and Juliet and gives Jerome some pills. Arriving at Nagiko's home while she is away, Jerome takes some of the pills, then writes a page, as if writing a book. Each time he takes some pills, he writes another page, keeping track of how many pills he takes on each page. As the pills take effect, Jerome can write no more and lies on the bed, naked, holding a copy of Sei Shnagon's the book of observations. The plan is a success: when Nagiko returns home and finds Jerome, she rushes to him, eager to renew their relationship and continue their plans. However, the plan has worked too well: Jerome has overdosed on the pills and is dead. Nagiko is devastated, and realises how much she loved him. On his dead body, Nagiko writes Book 6: The Book of the Lovers. At Jerome's funeral, his mother (Barbara Lott), a snobbish, upper-class woman, tells Nagiko that Jerome always loved things that were "fashionable". When she suggests that was probably why Jerome loved Nagiko, Nagiko strikes her. After the funeral, the publisher secretly exhumes Jerome's body from the tomb and has Jerome's skin, still bearing the writing, flayed and made into a grotesque pillow book of his own. Nagiko, now back in Japan, learns of the publisher's actions and becomes distraught and outraged. She sends a letter to the publisher, still keeping her identity a secret, demanding that particular book from the publisher's hands in exchange for the remaining books. The publisher, now obsessed with his mysterious writer and her work, agrees. Writing of books 7 - 13 Nagiko, now pregnant with Jerome's child, writes Book 7: The Book of The Seducer on a male messenger. The writing on him is almost destroyed and undecipherable when the publisher accidentally leaves the messenger out in the rain. Book 8: The Book of Youth is delivered as a series of photographs. A young Buddhist monk (Kinya Tsuruyama) then arrives bearing Book 9: The Book of Secrets written on all his "secret" spots: in between his fingers and toes, the insides of his thighs, etc.; the book is presented in the form of riddles. When the next messenger (Rick Waney) arrives, he is completely bare: no writing at all. The publisher and staff search for any hint of writing on the messenger's naked body. As the publisher dismisses him as a hoax, the man sticks out his tongue, bearing Book 10: The Book of Silence. The activists' protests come to an end when their truck hits a young wrestler (Eiichi Tanaka) bearing Book 11: The Book of The Betrayed, right outside the publisher's office. The next messenger (Masaru Matsuda) simply drives by the office, giving little time to copy down Book 12: The Book of False Starts. Finally, Book 13: The Book of the Dead arrives on the body of a Sumo wrestler (Wataru Murofushi). In the book writing on the body of the messenger, which the publisher carefully reads, Nagiko finally reveals her identity, confronting the publisher with his crimes: blackmailing and disgracing her father, "corrupting" her husband, as well as Jerome, and what he's done to Jerome's corpse. The publisher, greatly shamed and humbled by being confronted with his guilt, hands the pillow book made of Jerome's skin to the messenger, then has the messenger slit his throat. Upon recovering the book made out of Jerome's skin, Nagiko buries it under a Bonsai tree and life goes on. She has given birth to Jerome's child (Hikari Abe), and is shown in the epilogue writing on her child's face, like her father used to do when she was young, and quoting from her own pillow book. It is now Nagiko's 28th birthday.
tt1046947
Drama,Romance
Harvey Shine (Dustin Hoffman) works as a jingle writer for television commercials in Manhattan, a job not in keeping with his one-time aspiration to be a jazz composer and pianist. We see him at work and he is very good at what he does. However, his boss does not seem impressed with his latest output. As Harvey departs for London to attend his daughter Susan's wedding, his boss actually suggests that he spend more time there than he had originally planned. Harvey declines, making the point that he needs to be back for an upcoming pitch to an old client. His boss insists that it is being done by other musicians, and that Harvey's latest work was his last chance to keep his job. On the plane, Harvey tries to chat up a fellow passenger, but she is having none of it. He is left sitting there with egg on his face and we come to regard him as even more of a loser. Meanwhile, we witness the mildly strained relationship between Kate Walker (Emma Thompson), a single Londoner, and her mother, whose husband left years earlier. Kate tries to reassure her mother that despite being single, she may yet find a man. Further, Kate tells her mom to quit worrying about the new Polish neighbor who has moved in next door and seems to be stacking a lot of firewood. Upon arrival at Heathrow Airport in London, Harvey encounters Kate at her job collecting statistics from passengers as they pass through the terminals. She attempts to question him about his reasons for visiting the UK. Tired and anxious to get to his hotel, Harvey brusquely dismisses her when she approaches him to ask questions. Harvey heads for the hotel to check in and discovers that he is the first one to arrive. Upon calling his daughter to double check where everyone else is when they were all supposed to be staying together, he learns that his ex-wife Jean actually rented a house to accommodate family and friends from the States and he is the only one at the hotel. After a brief nap, he showers and hurriedly dresses. On the way to the rehearsal dinner in the taxi cab, he realizes the anti-shoplifting device is still attached to the sleeve of his jacket. And to make matter worse, he has worn a white suit (thinking this was requested) while all the other men wore black. During the meal, it becomes increasingly clear Harvey is considered a mere guest and the role of father of the bride has been delegated to Jean's husband Brian. To add insult to injury, Brian stands to give the toast, and recollects the vacation they all spent in Rome, and his stepson-in-law-to-be embraces him and calls him Dad. Just before leaving back to his hotel, when Harvey tells Susan (with whom he has shared a strained relationship since his divorce) that he will be attending the ceremony but not the subsequent reception because he needs to return to the States for an important meeting, she informs him she has asked Brian to give her away. Meanwhile, Kate is set up on a blind date by a well meaning co-worker that does not go well. When she returns to the table after taking yet another call from her mother, she discovers her younger date has invited some of his younger friends to join them. Feeling unwanted and excluded from the conversation, she eventually excuses herself and goes home. As it turns out, Kate's increasingly neurotic mother seems convinced that her Polish neighbor is some kind of murderer because she sees him toting strange looking, lumpy packages into a shed in the back yard. The following morning Harvey attends Susan's wedding, but heavy traffic delays his arrival back to Heathrow, and he misses his plane. When he calls his boss Marvin in NYC to inform him he will be returning a day later than planned and that he will try to get there as soon as possible, he is told that he is fired. In his glum mood, Harvey makes his way to the airport bar and starts slugging down scotch, determined to drown his sorrows. Kate is sitting in the lounge reading a novel and drinking wine when she notices Harvey. She makes a barb to him about the drinking being a big help to whatever is bothering him and he fires back about her reading a trashy novel and drinking chardonnay not being so much better. They gradually warm to each other over the course of their salads. After an awkward goodbye at the exit, where Harvey wistfully watches Kate walk away, he decides to follow her to the Heathrow Express and upon arrival at Paddington station, asks if he can walk her to her writing class on the South Bank. She accepts his offer and is pleased when he offers to meet her after class. As they stroll along the River Thames, Harvey mentions he is missing Susan's wedding reception, and Kate urges him to go. He finally relents, but only if she will accompany him. When Kate insists she is not properly dressed for such an occasion, Harvey buys her a dress and the two head to the Grosvenor House Hotel, where they are welcomed warmly by Susan and her new husband Scott. When the father of the bride is called upon to make a toast, Brian rises and begins to speak until Harvey taps his glass and reminds him who the real father of the bride is. He then delivers an eloquent speech that redeems him with his daughter and endears him to Kate. Following the reception, Harvey and Kate walk and talk until dawn. They exchange a single, gentle kiss and agree to meet again at noon at the same place, a cafe near a water park. They are both excited about the upcoming rendezvous, but after running up the hotel stairs too quickly, Harvey suffers an attack of arrhythmia! Paramedics rush him to the hospital, where he protests to doctors that he is fine and must leave to meet someone. The doctors insist that he must stay for further tests. Kate buys some flowers and does her makeup in anticipation of seeing Harvey again. She waits at the cafe where they agreed to meet, yet he is still in the hospital, unbeknownst to Kate. After a long time waiting, she leaves alone, crushed and rueful. Harvey immediately attempts to contact Kate after he is released from the hospital, but is surprised to receive a call from his ex-boss Marvin, who explains how his superiors like Harvey's latest work so much that he wants him to return to his job right away. Harvey pauses and then tells Marvin that he no longer wants the job. Kate visits her mother again and discovers that the Polish neighbor has left a rather large smoked ham. Turns out that he is not a killer after all, just a meat smoker. Kate then returns to her job taking surveys at the airport, and when Harry calls her there, she refuses to take his call. Harvey rushes to the airport to redeem himself with Kate but she has left for the day. Her workmates are suspicious of him at first but know that she likes him, and let him know that she is at her writing class. He tracks her down after class and reveals why he missed their rendezvous. Overly cautious about romance because of so many past disappointments, Kate initially resists his suggestion that they see what the future might bring them, but finally agrees to give things a chance. When she asks Harvey how it will work, he replies that he does not know, "But it will, I promise you that." As they walk away, Kate takes off her shoes to make her closer in height to the shorter Harry. He says, "I think you're my kind of girl." When he recalls that she never did ask him the questions from her airport survey, she asks for his name and residence, to which he replies, "I'm in transition." Over the end credits, we see that Kate's mom has gone to visit her Polish neighbor to thank him for the ham. The neighbor invites her to come into his house, and after some feigned hesitation, she agrees to enter.
tt2062661
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
The film opens with Trish and Jessie going to the airplane, while trying to find their seats Trish says "hi" to everyone she sees as she's walking by. They find their seats two rows from the back and then we see Tom and his wife getting into their seats beside them. Trish then pans her camera to the front of the plane and we see Charlie putting his luggage in the cupboards and Trish makes a comment about him "he's drunk." Trish turns the camera back to Tom who kisses his wife's hand (and we find out she has a fear of flying.) Trish asks her why she's afraid of flying and she says "I don't know, dying." and she likes staying on the ground. She and Trish talk about taking a car which is on the ground. Trish pans the camera to the front again and we see Lois (one of the air hostesses) and tells her to turn off her camera and turn it back on once they're in flight. Trish ignores her and talks to some of the passengers seated close to her after Lois leaves. Later on, Lois has to deal with Charlie (who boarded the plane drunk), he turns around and sees Trish with Jessie's camera and pulls it back in quickly. The film cuts to Jessie reading a book, and Trish pans the camera to the front once again and we see Lois showing everyone what to do e.g. how to fasten your seat-belts and where the fire exits are in case of an emergency. Trish turns the camera to Tom and his wife, but the wife tells her to get the camera away. After taking off and celebrate the arrival of the new year, the passengers are soon sent into shock and alarm as the plane experiences severe turbulence. The relentless weather attack causes panic and terror amongst the passengers until the plane ultimately crashes in a remote government-testing reserve. The filming of this incident and further events that ensue should not be taken lightly or viewed by the faint of heart. It is both engaging and harrowing as well as extremely disturbing. Soon after the crash, the passengers take quick account of the few among them that remain alive, while also awaiting for the assumed rescue that should be minutes away. However, this does not occur. The survivors, bloody and disoriented, are then insistently pursued in the darkness by unknown predators that, unbeknownst to them, are part of the government's top-secret Mesa Experiment. The group of individuals are diverse, which causes difficulty agreeing on which next steps should be taken to move forward and stay alive. Without warning deaths occur and lead each person to assess what they can possibly do to evade such a lethal threat. Almost as soon as plans are hatched, they are just as quickly thrown away. The few passengers who are left are forced to flee to various parts of their wild surroundings where they find shelter in abandoned structures. These structures turn out little help as they are assaulted with violent attacks from the outside. Soon help can be seen coming, but with events that turn for the worse this group once again finds themselves helpless and alone. Running through the dark and being trailed by something that cannot be fully seen, these survivors do the only thing they can, try to stay alive. However, in the following events that come they experience great loss and sadness coupled only with the bleak realization that they may not survive the night. Reacting as most would in this situation each one of them tries to support the other, while of course others are not as well equipped to deal with such events. Handling moments and situations that occur on the edge of human experience this film takes moviegoers on a whirlwind ride, with a twist ending that will leave you breathless, shocked, and terrified. A haunting film that should be prepared for before viewing. The ending shows Trish and Jessie running for their lives, eventually bursting out into bright sunshine only to find out exactly where they have been all night. They see a car coming their way, and talk to the male driver for a few seconds then get in the car and moments later he shoots Jessie in the front seat. Trish runs out screaming with the camera then she gets shot. The man then kneels down in front of the camera and talks to a walkie talkie. He grabs the camera and pans it around and a dinosaur appears and attacks and kills him (blood splatters on the screen, the dinosaur growls and then the movie ends.
tt0116684
Drama,Romance
Jane Eyre (portrayed as a child by Anna Paquin and as an adult by Charlotte Gainsbourg) is an independent and strong minded young woman who is hired by Mr. Rochester (William Hurt) to work as a governess. What she does not realize is that she must share the estate (and ultimately Mr. Rochester) with his wife, Bertha (Maria Schneider), who is, by this point in her life, mentally ill and kept locked away in an upstairs attic.
tt1407049
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
Sara (Jessica Lowndes) is a young woman who is planning to go on a trip with some of her friends before she moves to Montreal. Along for the ride are: -Sal (Jake Weary), a sports player who has brought along some beer -Mel (Julianna Guill), Sal's girlfriend who is a film major -Cory (Ryan Donowho), a musician -Bruce (Landon Liboiron), a young man who is an enigma to the others, but who has been invited along by Sara. Instead of driving to their destination, Sara has decided to fly her friends in a plane. Some are a little apprehensive regarding this, but Sarah assures them she can make the flight. After a mysterious malfunction sends their small plane climbing out of control, a ro After they take off, it is revealed that Sara bought Bruce a vintage comic book as a gift since she won't be seeing him after her upcoming move to Montreal. However, Sal acts like a jerk, removing the vintage comic from its protective cover and tearing out a page. As they continue to climb in altitude, Sara suddenly finds the controls stuck, and she is unable to descend. What is more frightening is a cloud mass of black and blue clouds in their path. Sara attempts to avoid it, but the plane ends up flying right into them. After some time, panic begins to set in when Sara is unable to radio a distress, the plane continues to climb, and Sara reveals that she didn't tell anyone about her plans to fly to their destination. Fuel is also a problem, as there is only enough left for 1 hours worth of flying. Things get even more harried when Bruce suddenly panics demanding they land the plane. Sal knocks him out and ties him up. After some time, Cory volunteers to go outside and try to manually get the tail assembly fixed. Sal ties a rope to him, and Cory clings along the side of the plane. Eventually Cory dislodges the assembly, and Sara is able to gain control. However, Cory suddenly flies off into the clouds, with Sal seeing something that frightens him, causing him to cut the cord, sending Cory to his doom. Sal later claims that something outside took Cory, but Mel reveals that he cut the rope. Bruce then comes to, and then reveals a startling revelation: Many years before, Sara's mother (Michelle Harrison) was piloting a family of 3, the Taylors, in a plane to a location. However, a plane came out of nowhere, and destroyed the plane. Sara's mother, and the mother (Chelah Horsdal) and father (Ian Robinson) in the family died, but the boy (Ryan Grantham) survived. Bruce reveals that he was that boy, and that Sara's mother messed up his life, but he still loves her. Mel then attempts to kill herself by overdosing on some pills, but Bruce manages to save her. However, after he does, he glances down at the page Sal tore from his comic book... just as a giant tentacle sweeps through a window and drags Mel out of the plane! Sal goes ballistic, and then attempts to push Bruce out of the plane, but not before Sara knocks him out. However, the thing outside continues to chase after the plane and eventually takes Sal too. Sara begins to panic, claiming that everyone is dead because of her, but it is then that Bruce reveals that he is to blame. Showing Sara the comic book, Sara is shocked when in reading the pages, several events and things that were said in the plane mirror situations in the comic exactly. Bruce reveals that he somehow has the ability to manifest things when he is afraid. He explains that a number of things coupled with his fears when he was younger most likely manifested the plane that killed Sara's mother and his parents. Sara claims that Bruce has to face his fears if they are to escape from the clouded nightmare his mind has concocted, when suddenly they find themselves flying right into the gaping maw of an enormous creature with long tentacles. Hoping to divert his attention, Sara kisses Bruce, which suddenly makes the storm clouds and the creature disappear. Sara is overjoyed at seeing sunlight, and the radio begins working with the voices of (Colin Murdock and Ian James Corlett). However, Bruce's fears re-manifest themselves when he realizes the kiss she gave him was not genuine, but simply a way to divert his attention. The storm and the creature reappear, and Sara is dragged out of the plane. However, Sara cries out to Bruce to think of his parents, and think of anywhere else but where they are. Bruce manages to concentrate, and the storm and the creature disappears again. Pulling her into the plane, the two take a seat when suddenly, they see they are now in the path of an oncoming small plane! For a split-second, Sara and Bruce see who is in it: Sara's mother and a young Bruce and his parents. The planes just barely miss colliding with each other, but Bruce and Sara are now doomed as the fuel runs out, and the plane plummets. The ending of the film cuts to Sara's mother having safely landed the airplane. Sara and her father greet her, as their attention is then turned towards smoke on the horizon (Bruce and Sara's plane, having crashed). As the group wonder if the people in the plane survived, young Bruce and young Sara say hello for the first time (note: it is assumed that since Sara and Bruce have somehow altered time, the previous events (Sara's mother and Bruce's parents dying in the plane crash) never happened, and Sara is able to now grow up with her mother, and Bruce is able to live his life with his parents)).
tt0499554
Comedy,Crime
The movie opens outside of a building where terrorists are holding a dildo and a nuclear bomb. The Reno Sheriff's Department arrives in a helicopter to handle the situation. The main characters come off the helicopter wearing their tactical suits and carrying guns and ammo, except for Dep. Clementine Johnson (Wendi McLendon-Covey), whos wearing a skimpy, revealing costume under a trench coat. As the Sheriff's Department prepares for the mission, the agents overseeing the action notice their commanding officer is missing. Lt. Jim Dangle (Thomas Lennon) bursts into the scene on a motorcycle, wearing his trademark hot pants, only to crash after jumping a police car. Deputy Travis Junior (Robert Ben Garant) then wakes up and realizes it was all a dream. He realizes that he was driving, and both he and Dangle crash through a construction site into a port-a-john. The film continues with introductory clips of the officers, telling how they became interested in law enforcement, à la COPS. After a humorous scene involving a chicken in the road miscoded as an "armed person on a roof", Lt. Dangle tells everyone that they have been invited to the American Police Convention in Miami Beach, but after the 35 hour bus ride, the group realizes their names are not on the entrance list, so they can not get their entrance passes or hotel keys. They end up booking rooms at a motel downtown, which seems to be a hub of illegal activity. That night, the police officers change into skimpy clothing and attempt to seduce one another with alcohol. As all are unsuccessful, they turn to self-pleasure. This prompts a disgusted Jones to run away, as he sees everyone through their open windows. After everyone recovers from their hangovers (including Johnson who spends the rest of the film trying to figure out the identity of a man whose face she had tattooed on her left breast the night before), the team goes to the convention site to see if their tickets were found. When they get there they see that the entire building has been blocked off and covered because of a bio-chemical terrorist attack. The only people left outside are the HazMAT people, National Security, and assistant deputy mayor Jeff Spoder (Patton Oswalt). The head of National Security tells the Reno Sheriffs Department that since they are the only Police officers available, they will have to provide law enforcement for all of Miami Beach. A high-ranking SWAT agent (Dwayne Johnson, a.k.a. The Rock) arrives on the scene, but he ends up blowing himself up when he tries to show the team how to handle a grenade. The team arrives at the Miami Beach Sheriff's Department and finds that everything there is a lot better than what they have in Reno, including the squad cars; Miami Beach Sheriff Deputies ride in 2006 Mustangs instead of old Crown Victorias. The team responds to several emergency calls, which include an alligator in a swimming pool (a careless neighbor gets killed), street prostitution (which turns out to be repeat Reno offender Terry, who claims to have flown into town on his private jet to record an album), and a dead beached whale, which they decide to remove by blowing up the whale and chunks of flesh fly everywhere. As usual, the team has a ton of fun with their antics around the city. They find out that the person who poisoned all the police officers at the convention was Jeff. His plan was to gang up with Ethan the drug lord (Paul Rudd), who pretends to be Cuban but is really from Colorado and take over Miami Beach. Jeff kills the drug lord when he is discovered and runs off with the antidote. The team chases him down on golf carts and just as theyre about to get beaten in a showdown on a bridge, Jones and Garcia show up in a Marine helicopter and the acting Mayor gives up. Lt. Dangle puts him under arrest and in a squad car when Trudy, who is in the Marine AH-1 SuperCobra helicopter, accidentally fires one of the missiles into that same squad car. The next day, all the law enforcement officers receive the antidote. All of the officers clap and congratulate the Reno Sheriffs Department on their work done well. Lt. Dangle gets a job offer from the Aspen, Colorado Sheriff's Department (his dream job) and accepts. He tells the team that while hes enjoyed working with them, hes leaving. The team is about to board the bus when Terry tells them that hes got a jet. He offers them a ride in his jet and claims that his limo is just about to arrive to take him to the airport. No one believes him until a limo drives up to pick up Terry. In awe, they all ride with Terry in the limo to the jet and apologize for not believing him. Back in Reno, Garcia briefs the team. The door opens, interrupting his talk, and Dangle walks up to take the briefing sheets from Garcia. Apparently, the Aspen Sheriff's Department found out Dangle was gay and have a strict policy against hiring homosexuals. Trudy goes up to Dangle, cups his private parts, and tells them that he actually came back for her. (Not true) With that said, Dangle continues the briefing, revealing that the Reno Sheriffs Department has been invited the National Police Convention in Scotland Yard. The movie ends with everyone cheering.
tt0415856
Drama,Music
Nine-year-old Lewellen (played by a 12 year old Dakota Fanning) is growing up in rural Alabama in the 1950s. It is a depressing life as Lewellen is poor and motherless. She lives with her Grammie (Piper Laurie) and has a strained relationship with her daddy (David Morse) who works a nearby farm. Lewellen's only pleasure is playing with neighbor boy Buddy (Cody Hanford) and listening to Elvis Presley. Lewellen's favorite song is Presley's "Hound Dog" which she will perform for anybody at the drop of a hat. The only adult that seems to be truly concerned about her is Charles (Afemo Omilami), a black horse trainer at a nearby farm who gives her sage advice on music, snakes and life. The situation changes when her father gets a new girl friend (Robin Wright), who is later revealed to the audience to be Lewellen's dead mother's sister who has been disowned by Grammie for sleeping with Lewellen's father. Lewellen finds a connection with her aunt and asks to go with her when the woman decides to leave after being physically abused by Lewellen's daddy. At first her aunt agrees, but changes her mind and leaves Lewellen behind. Lewellen's world is brightened when she finds that Elvis is coming to town to do a concert. However, her father gets accidentally struck by lightning while out working on a tractor during a thunderstorm, and--although he survives--he is turned into a half-wit who can no longer work. Without his income there is little chance of Lewellen getting a ticket to see Elvis in concert. Then Buddy tells her that the local teenage milkman (Christoph Sanders) will give her a ticket if she meets them at the shed down by the river. When she arrives there, however, she is told the price of the ticket is her performance of "Hound Dog" while nude. She agrees, but the milkman takes things further and brutally rapes her without giving Lewellen her ticket. (This scene, involving beloved child-actress Fanning, made the movie very controversial before it was released. The scene as eventually presented to the public, however, lasts only about a minute, and shows only Fanning's pained face from her bare shoulders up). The rape, the betrayal by Buddy, and her inability to get a ticket leave Lewellen sick and depressed until Charles convinces her that she cannot let the people who have given her this pain win. "Gotta always somehow make good outta what can poison you," he tells her. She recovers and--after discovering and picking-up a puppy on a walk down a country road--she runs into her disowned aunt (who Lewellen still does not know is her aunt) driving down that same road. The aunt has come back for Lewellen telling her she has a room at her new house for the girl. Lewellen tells her aunt that she will go with her if she can get permission. Both her aunt and Lewellen know this is unlikely. When Lewellen approaches Grammie and her daddy, however, she sees from a distance that they have just killed a rattlesnake. She is just about to get closer to warn her father that Charles has taught her that rattlesnakes can continue to strike even after they are dead, but suddenly decides not to. Her father then gets bitten and in the confusion Lewellen walks away, climbs into her Aunt's car and leaves.
tt0409011
Adventure,Comedy,Romance
Jenny Taylor (Bynes) is a fan of Jason Masters (Chris Carmack), a world famous rock star, but her efforts to meet him are always thwarted by her nemesis, Alexis (Jamie-Lynn Sigler). Hoping to get another chance, Jenny takes a job in Masters' favorite Caribbean resort in St. Luchas with Ryan (Jonathan Bennett) her lifelong friend. She gets her chance by sneaking aboard a vessel Jason is on, but he is washed overboard in a storm while recovering from a bout of sea-sickness, and Jenny jumps in to save him. The pair find themselves stranded on a seemingly-deserted tropical island. Jenny discovers that they have landed a short distance from the resort, but instead of telling Jason the truth, she selfishly leads him believe they are stranded so she can make him fall in love with her. After she discovers Jenny's plan, a jealous Alexis pretends to be marooned as well and joins them. As Jenny's plans fall apart, she begins to realize that her perfect love may have been with her all along - Ryan, whom she has always put off dating due to their friendship, has had a crush on her his whole life. While Ryan has been helping her by giving her things to survive on the island (like food and makeup), he has been seeking advice on asking her out. He completely transforms himself and when she sees him, all she talks about is Jason. Ryan starts to feel bad and begins to leave, but he stops the car midway, gets off and kisses her. He tells her they are perfect together and confesses he can't stop thinking about her, but Jenny protests that they are friends. Upon hearing this, he feels bad and leaves her standing alone as he gets into the car and tells her that he is going back home. She feels bad and goes and tells Jason everything (on the other side of the island) and he promises to sue her before leaving. She is still on the other side of the island, when Ryan begins to pack his things and go back home. At that moment, the resort receives news that a storm is going to hit St. Luchas Puerto Plata on the side where Jenny is. Unaware of the news, Jenny sits on a branch when the storm hits. Upon hearing about the storm, Ryan rushes onto the other side to save her. When he reaches there, the storm has already hit, so he takes Jenny into the jungle separating the resort and the beach, and lights a fire to keep her warm. After this moment, Jenny realizes that he is the one that cares for her the most. She comes back to the resort with Ryan after the storm is over and sees that the whole resort is practically destroyed. When Jenny and Ryan reach the lobby, Jason and his manager pull her inside a room, where they tell her that they need her help and that they are holding a press conference to tell everyone about the case. When she is about to answer, Ryan bursts inside the room and tells Jason that whatever he does, he should not lose Jenny and that she will be the best girl Jason will ever meet. After that he confesses his love for Jenny and then is forced/carried out by Jason's bodyguard Gail (Leonardo Cuesta). During the press conference, when Jenny sees Jason lying about everything that happened on the island, she just wants to get it over with. She tells them all that Alexis is his girlfriend and that they are going to get married, and declares to everyone that her real boyfriend is Ryan and then walks up to him and kisses him after both exchange words. Then we see them walking down the resort and dancing. The movie ends with Jason in concert, unhappily dedicating a song to his wife, Alexis.
tt0235737
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The film begins with a voice over by its protagonist, Tom Van Allen (Val Kilmer), describing recent violent and chaotic events in his life as we view a scene of a room on fire, with a partly-incapacitated Tom (dressed in a suit) sitting propped against a wall playing a trumpet. Amidst the flames we can see a suitcase, a large quantity of loose cash and mementos including a photograph of a beautiful young woman. Apparently close to death, and contemplating the morality of his actions and their role in his doom, Tom begins to describe events that have led up to this moment. Tom introduces himself both as Tom Van Allen (professional trumpet player) and also his alter ego Danny Parker (speed freak), expressing confusion about his own identity and actions. Tom's voice-over continues with a brief history of the psychostimulant drug crystal meth (methamphetamine) that has played a central role in his misfortune. In a series of quick vignettes, accompanied by Tom's voice-over, we are introduced to the invention of methamphetamine and use in Japan prior to and during WW2, its prescription use in the USA by housewives in the 1950s, speculation about its use by JFK in the early 1960s, its criminalization and distribution by organized crime in the 1970s, and finally its current (2000s) widespread production (seen to be hazardous) by 'cooks', distribution by a variety of amateur criminal entrepreneurs and use by addicts ('tweakers'). Next we jump to a scene of Danny Parker at a group drug binge that has been going on for three or four days. Crystal meth and other substances are in use and various drug-addled behaviour is on display. In voice over, Tom informs us he has sought out this lifestyle, but for a reason. The party is interrupted as Kujo (Adam Goldberg) announces: 'We're out of gack [meth]!' Danny and his friend Jimmy the Finn (Peter Sarsgaard) leave the drug-house (unsure as to whether it is midnight or noon) to purchase more meth from the dealer Bobby Ocean (Glen Plummer). Danny and Jimmy find Bobby completely intoxicated and agitated, yelling and beating at his distressed wife who is stuffed under a mattress. Bobby threatens them with a spear gun but after some confused word-play eventually agrees to sell them six 'eight-balls' (1/8 ounce packets of meth). Danny and Jimmy return to the drug house where the party continues with more meth snorting and crazed behaviour. As things wind down, with most of the guests unconscious, a stoned Danny sits ruminatively and Tom's voice over continues: 'You know you've hit bottom when you can't go any lower... (but) sometimes you see the world so clearly... just what you should have done and just when you should have done it.' as he watches the remains of a bottle of beer held horizontally in his hand drip into a puddle on the floor. It is apparent that drug use and some kind of past trauma have taken an extremely negative toll on Danny. Danny telephones and makes contact with two plainclothes police detectives Morgan and Garcetti (Doug Hutchison and Anthony LaPaglia) to inform on Bobby the dealer, providing them details on the drugs and weapons Bobby is holding. Presumably the next day, we see that Bobby's apartment has been raided and Bobby lies shot to death in the street, still holding his MAC-10 machine pistol, as his distraught wife and daughter watch from a balcony. In the evening Danny returns to his apartment in a run down building, meeting Collette (Deborah Kara Unger) in the corridor. Collette, a faded beauty obviously on the down and out, is nervous and agitated but Danny is kind to her and introduces himself before she slams her apartment door in his face. In the bathroom of his apartment, Danny removes his t-shirt to reveal a tattoo covering his entire back, showing a figure of death looking down into water, the silhouette of a barren tree with a sunset behind and 'The Salton Sea' inscribed below in Gothic script. Danny removes his tweaker garb and ornaments, washes the green dye out of his hair, and puts on his suit and a wedding ring, concealing the tattoos. In an apparent ritual he looks at items from his past, including the photo of the young woman, and switches to his trumpet player persona, repeating: 'My name is Tom Van Allen. I am a trumpet player'. He begins to play his trumpet and we see a flashback of Tom and his spectacularly beautiful wife Liz (Chandra West), on the beach at the Salton Sea with the sun setting as Tom plays the Miles Davis 'moody piece' 'Saeta' as she listens. Liz suggests they stay and sleep on the beach, but Tom does not agree: 'We should get going'. Back in the apartment Tom says: 'OK we'll stay' as he recalls the sun setting behind the mountains of Anza-Borrego Park to the west. Fish are dying on the beach, as the Salton Sea is a man-made chemically-polluted body of concentrated salt water in a desert valley depression well inland from LA, and the film's central metaphor. Next, Danny is meeting with Morgan and Garcetti again, this time in a Roman Catholic church. Danny has friendly banter with Morgan, but the abusive Garcetti arrives and they inform Tom that his role as an informer must end because his cover is blown and he is in danger of being executed in a horrible manner by the Mexicali Boys, a gang affected by Danny's previous snitch work. Danny walks home, now paranoid about being in danger and again a silver BMW sedan with the license plate 'I FORGIV' seems to be following him. Luckily, he escapes in an alley. Fearful about his safety, Danny buys a .357 magnum revolver and bullet-proof vest from a youthful arms dealer (Mpho Koaho) that Jimmy had met in the Del Amo fashion mall. Returning home Danny meets Quincy (Luis Guzman) in the hallway, beating on the door of Collette's apartment and verbally abusing her. As Danny examines his purchases in his apartment the sounds of domestic violence can be heard from across the hall. Next Danny is sitting by a marker in a graveyard when a large garishly-ornamented pickup truck pulls up, piloted by Bubba (BD Wong) a wiry Asian-American in cowboy attire with a peculiar Texas accent. A deal of some kind is imminent. Later Danny, in a bar with Jimmy, explains that 'in dire need of cash', he wants to take part in the purchase of a large quantity of meth from Pooh-Bear, a major dealer that Jimmy has connections to. Bubba will finance the deal. Jimmy warns Danny about Pooh-Bear but agrees to help. Danny and Jimmy drive out into the desert in Jimmy's dilapidated Ford Pinto to meet Pooh-Bear, Jimmy explaining that Pooh-Bear has no nose, it having been removed surgically because he had done too much meth. At Pooh-Bear's (Vincent D'Onofrio) desert ranch, the JFK assassination is being reenacted with costumed pigeons secured in a radio-controlled toy truck, that is shot up by Pooh-Bear's associates as Danny and Jimmy arrive. Danny and Pooh-Bear (wearing a plastic prosthetic nose) negotiate a deal for about 30 pounds of 'glass' (high grade meth) at $8K a pound. It is apparent that Pooh-Bear is an unbalanced and extremely dangerous monster who tortures and kills other drug dealers. Later, in a surreal scene in a pool hall, Kujo, Danny, Jimmy and others discuss an absurd plan to steal Bob Hope's stool sample and sell it on e-bay while an elderly man in a wheel chair does a remarkable karaoke rendition of Lou Reed's 'Take a walk on the wild side', a song about transformation. Coincidentally, Quincy and Collette are also in the pool hall. Danny and Collette exchange glances. Returning home later, Danny meets Collette in the hall of their apartment building, she having been beaten and locked out by Quincy. Danny and Collette go for coffee and she explains her situation as he listens kindly. Danny meets with Bubba again regarding the drug deal with Pooh-Bear, and Bubba informs him that the initial deal will be for $10K only. After this conversation ends, Danny is intercepted, tazered and beaten by Morgan and Garcetti, who are not pleased that Danny has been organizing an independent drug deal without informing them. Morgan and Garzetti instruct Danny that he will 'roll over' on Pooh-Bear. Danny agrees and sees the silver BMW again on his way home. In his next meeting with Morgan and Garcetti, Danny is informed that the menacing silver car is registered to third grade school teacher Nancy Plummer. Danny is shocked to hear this and suffers a barely concealed breakdown or migraine attack. This is soon explained as Danny, dressed as Tom Van Allen, approaches a luxurious house with the silver BMW (license plate 'I FORGIV') in the driveway. It is the home of Tom Van Allen's wife Liz's parents Nancy (Shirley Knight) and Verne (R. Lee Ermey). Liz's photograph that we have seen before is displayed prominently on the wall. Nancy refers to Liz's murder and expresses extreme concern about Tom's condition. Tom tells Verne that Nancy has been following him downtown and that he wants to be left alone. Danny travels to Pooh-Bear's ranch and is immediately robbed of the $10K by two of Pooh-Bear's associates, Little Bill and Big Bill (Danny Trejo and Josh Todd) and then accused of working for the police by Pooh-Bear. Danny is interrogated by Pooh-Bear who uses a caged badger ('Captain Steubing') to torture individuals he suspects of treachery. Danny, in a tight spot, manages to talk himself out of this by fingering Little Bill, who is found to be holding the $10K. Pooh-Bear releases Danny and with Little Bill and Captain Steubing interacting in the background the first meth deal is done. While Pooh-Bear is momentarily distracted, Danny manages to duct-tape his .357 magnum handgun to a concealed location on the underside of Pooh-Bear's kitchen table, where such deals take place. Soon after he returns to his apartment, Danny finds Collette at his door and lets her in. She has been beaten and Danny tenderly embraces her, but cannot respond to her attempts to kiss him. She prepares to leave but Danny asks her to stay as he now wants to talk. He tells her about what happened at the Salton Sea and the scene flips to flashback. Having left the beach on Tom's insistence, Tom and Liz have got lost in the labyrinth of back roads near the sea and stopped at a randomly selected house to ask for directions. After receiving advice from the house's occupants (a group of very strange men), Tom delays their departure further by asking to use the bathroom. As he does so Liz, looking increasingly fragile and terrified, sees meth lab materials scattered about the house. In the bathroom, Tom hears dogs barking and soon afterwards the house is invaded by two masked gunmen with police boots firing AK-47 automatic rifles. The house occupants die in a hail of bullets and Tom is hit once in the shoulder while Liz ducks behind a couch. Unfortunately, Liz's presence is detected, and as Tom watches in horror through a bullet hole in the bathroom door, she is shot in the head. The source of Tom/Danny's post traumatic stress is now apparent. 'I could have done something' Tom tells Collette back in the apartment. She reassures him that they would have killed him as well if he had revealed himself. Recovering somewhat, Tom informs Collette of a plan he has to rid her of her tormentor Quincy. Next Danny is picked up by Bubba and taken to FBI headquarters. Bubba turns out to be a FBI agent and at a meeting with other FBI personnel Bubba explains that Tom Van Allen (a.k.a. Danny Parker) has been carrying out an independent very unorthodox investigation of his wife's murder, that occurred at a meth lab near the Salton Sea. Tom was shown a single red hair found on his wife's body by a police investigator, and silently recalled that he had seen a red-haired man with a distinctive college ring at the Salton Sea on the day of the murder. From this Tom on his own has tracked down a red-haired Detective Gus Morgan working at the Palmdale Police Department. To pursue the lead further Tom has assumed the role of Danny, a tweaker, and bumped into Morgan and his partner Garcetti with the aim of investigating whether they were the gunmen that murdered his wife. To a sceptical FBI audience, Bubba explains that Morgan and Garcetti do appear to be corrupt and a sting operation is arranged in which the FBI will surveil the big drug deal with Pooh-Bear and attempt to catch Morgan and Garcetti in the act of robbery at the buy location. One FBI officer is very suspicious of Tom/Danny and expresses his doubts, but the sting is arranged nevertheless. Danny meets with Jimmy to discuss the deal, revealing that he is not Danny, is a 'rat' working with the police, and that a special role for Jimmy in the deal is required. Jimmy is crushed by the news and Danny's apparent lack of trust but agrees to do whatever Danny requests and oddly, in an emotional scene, shows Danny a tattoo he has had put on his shoulder, that shows Danny's face. On the day of the deal, Danny is driving Jimmy's car, followed by FBI agents in another vehicle. Danny stops for cigarettes at a corner store on the way to the suburban Tropic Motel where the meth is to be purchased. At the same time, Morgan and Garcetti in a jeep are approaching Pooh-Bear's ranch in the desert, not the motel. In the motel room, Bubba approaches a figure sitting on the bed that appears to be Danny, but finds it is instead Jimmy the Finn in disguise. Jimmy explains to Bubba that Danny is sorry and going to take care of things by himself. Bubba is not happy. Meanwhile, at Pooh-Bear's desert residence, Morgan and Garcetti are staked out and Danny arrives with the cash on a chopper-style motorcycle. Danny is frisked for weapons as he enters and finds Pooh-Bear and three other thugs assembled at the kitchen table playing cards. Danny manages to take a seat and prepares to recover his .357 magnum handgun that he previously taped to the underside of the table as Pooh-Bear examines the cash and calls to Big Bill. Danny sees Big Bill's reflection and realizing he is about to be shot in the head, ducks under the table and with the .357 shoots Big Bill and two of the other men fatally. Big Bill's first and only shot misses Danny and kills the thug sitting behind him. Pooh-Bear is initially not hit but accidentally shoots himself in the leg before recovering somewhat and shooting Danny four or five times in the chest. Danny falls to the floor unconscious. Morgan and Garcetti stealthily enter the ranch house, masked as they were at the scene of Liz's murder. Wounded, Pooh-Bear makes his way to his personal stash of meth or perhaps heroin in the next room and prepares to inject himself to relieve his pain, but before he can do this is executed by Garcetti with a shot to the head. The loaded syringe falls to the floor. Morgan sees Danny lying in a pool of blood on the floor among the corpses, makes an expression of dismay, then joins Garcetti in the other room. Both remove their masks. Danny has not been severely injured by Pooh-Bear's bullets as he is wearing his vest, but he wakes up hurting badly, recovers his .357 and begins to drag himself toward the other room to confront Morgan and Garcetti. The scene flips to a flashback of the death of Liz in the Salton Sea house, Tom dragging himself from the bathroom to her side as blood drips steadily from her head wound into a large pool on the floor (recalling the beer incident at the tweaker house party). Before she dies she and Tom make a final brief connection and she seems to murmur: 'It's OK'. Danny makes it to the room at Pooh-Bear's place and shoots Garcetti fatally, then shoots Morgan in the shoulder and confronts him about Liz's murder. Morgan acknowledges that he killed Liz. Now in a blind rage, Danny shoots Morgan in the knee and berating him for killing Liz, demands to know what he would do if he were him. Danny begins to lose it as he recalls his wife's death and looks away. In agony but recovering somewhat Morgan pulls a blade and cuts Danny with it, getting the .357 magnum and pointing it at Danny's head. As Danny looks into the barrel of the gun, he remembers firing eight shots with it but cannot remember whether its capacity is eight or nine rounds. Morgan taunts Danny and pulls the trigger but the hammer hits a spent case so the gun does not fire. At the same moment Danny notices the loaded syringe and grabbing it, injects Morgan in the jugular vein with its contents. Morgan falls incapacitated and Danny picks up Pooh-Bear's gun, looking at Morgan convulsing on the floor. Danny's inconsolable grief and feeling of fulfillment of his quest are apparent and he puts the gun to his own head to commit suicide, but after a few seconds he changes his mind and shoots Morgan multiple times in the chest. Next, the scene is back at Danny's apartment, where he has returned and dressed in a suit is doing his 'My name is Tom Van Allen. I'm a trumpet player.' ritual yet again. Unfortunately Quincy has broken in and shoots Tom-Danny once in the abdomen with a silenced semi-automatic handgun. Quincy has beaten Collette into revealing her relationship with Danny, and that he is a 'rat' working with the police. Collete apologizes and is dragged from the room by Quincy. The apartment begins to burn and we arrive at the same scene as in the opening moments of the film - Tom Van Allen gut shot and about to burn to death amidst the cash and wreckage. Tom's fate appears to be sealed as, surrounded by flames, he plays the moody piece 'Saeta' from the Salton Sea. However - miraculously, Tom is lifted from the fiery scene and lying on a moving gurney in a hospital corridor comes to and sees the image of his face tattooed on Jimmy the Finn's arm, then Jimmy smiling as Tom goes into surgery. Finally, we see a physically fully recovered Tom Van Allen walking out of LA and then returning to the fateful spot at the Salton Sea beach - where he throws his trumpet into the murky waters below the barren tree. Tom in voice over affirms his redemption: he has at last escaped his past and is embarking optimistically on a new life. The film closes with the haunting song 'Mourning' by the band 'Tantric'.
tt1145157
Comedy,Music,Romance
The Jerk Theory is a story about Adam (Josh Henderson), an aspiring musician who has women all figured out. After his girlfriend kicks him to the curb for the school jerk, Adam decides that, since girls dont want the nice guy, he'll be the jerk. It works like a charm. Molly (Jenna Dewan), on the other hand, is done dating jerks. When she dumps the very tool that stole Adams girl the year before, Adam sets out to score with the girl who dumped his sworn enemy but Molly wants nothing to do with Adam or his theory. Adam will have to reincarnate the nice guy if he wants any shot with Molly, but the transition may only lead to heartache once again.
tt0437857
Comedy,Horror,Thriller
The movie is shot as a documentary set in a world where the supernatural killers depicted in famous slasher films are real. A female journalist named Taylor Gentry and her two cameramen document the preparations of Leslie Vernon as he prepares to join the ranks of other slasher villains. Leslie takes his identity from an urban legend about a boy who killed his family and was cast into a river by angry townsfolk. He initially claims to be the vengeful spirit of the slain boy, but soon admits that he is an ordinary man named Leslie Mancuso who must rely on conventional tactics rather than supernatural powers, implying that the other killers in his line of work did the same. Taylor and her crew film Leslie's meticulous preparations to slaughter a number of teenagers in an abandoned house and then be confronted by a virginal "survivor girl", Kelly. Leslie plans his crime down to the smallest detail, cheerfully explaining the many tricks and "trade secrets" he utilizes to engineer what will only appear to be a spontaneous night of horror. His preparations include modifications to the house and careful manipulation of his future victims. While luring in his selected survivor girl, Leslie is overjoyed when a man named Doc Halloran arrives to serve as his nemesis; he terms him his "Ahab". Leslie also introduces the crew to his mentor, Eugene, a retired killer from the time before characters like Jason Vorhees and Freddy Krueger became popular. Taylor and her crew come to share Leslie's enthusiasm for his project, but their consciences catch up with them on the night of the murders . They beg Leslie to call off his spree, but Leslie is adamant, believing that his survivor girl will define herself by attempting to defeat him. Taylor and her crew abandon their documentary, and at this point the film shifts into a traditional presentation. Taylor attempts to warn and rally the remaining teens together to fight Leslie, but Leslie's preparations continue to give him the upper hand. The group looks to Leslie's survivor girl for leadership, but she unexpectedly dies. Taylor quickly realizes that, as a virgin herself, she was Leslie's true survivor girl all along. She faces Leslie and defeats him in the exact manner he had laid out for her, then burns down the shed in which he was defeated. However, Leslie's preparations included slathering himself with flame-retardant gel and feigning death. Over the final credits, security camera footage reveals Leslie's charred body sitting up on the autopsy table, still alive.
tt1226232
Drama,Romance
Written and directed by Shana Feste, in her feature directorial debut, THE GREATEST tells the story of Allen and Grace Brewer, a grief-stricken couple whose family has been pushed to the breaking point by the death of their older son, Bennett, in a car crash. When a young woman, Rose, shows up a few months later announcing that she is pregnant with Bennetts child, the Brewers are forced to take her in. At first, Roses presence threatens to tear the family even further apart but, eventually, her interaction with each of the Brewers proves to be the very thing that brings them back together.
tt0783598
Crime,Drama,Thriller
New Orleans narcotics detective Anthony Stowe (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is a heroin addict who is teetering on the edge of oblivion, and he couldn't care less. At the moment, Stowe is trying to bring down his former partner Gabriel Callahan (Stephen Rea), who has become a drug kingpin. Callahan is trying to, and slowly succeeding at, taking over the New Orleans underworld. Stowe botches a sting operation against Callahan, resulting in the death of fellow cop Maria Ronson (Rachel Grant), whose fiancee, fellow cop Van Huffel (Adam Leese), is furious at Stowe. Chief Mac Baylor (Gary Beadle) has a very blunt chat with Stowe about it. Stowe is approached by fellow cop Walter Curry (Trevor Cooper) to help his nephew beat a drug-dealing charge. Stowe instead turns him over to Baylor, who fires him. After barricading himself in the station bathroom, Walter confronts an unrepentant Stowe and condemns him for betraying his fellow officers. Later, Van Huffel berates Stowe for getting Maria killed. Stowe responds by attacking Van Huffel in front of several officers. Later, Stowe meets with his estranged wife Valerie (Selina Giles), who tells him that she's pregnant, but that he's not the father. Valerie, whose marriage with Stowe is on the rocks, has been seeing a man named Mark Rossini (Mark Dymond), the gym teacher at the school she is principle of. But he may not be the father either. Stowe brashly accuses Valerie of being impregnated by Callahan, and Valerie tells him she never wants to see him again. The only thing keeping Stowe from total collapse is his dogged pursuit of Callahan. But he drunkenly stumbles into an ambush masterminded by Callahan, and is shot in the head by Callahan's right-hand man Jimmy (Stephen Lord). Stowe undergoes emergency surgery, and ends up in a coma. Months later, he recovers to the point that he opens his eyes, and is transported to his and Valerie's house to recover properly. Seven months after getting shot, Stowe has recovered a lot, although he must learn to walk and speak again. He manages to survive an attempt on his life, by someone who appears to be a cop. He's recovered enough to try to get his job back, but that's the one thing that Chief Baylor doesn't want to give him. The coma has led to his decision to become a better man, and to right some wrongs. He reconciles with his wife, although awkwardly, and gives Walter a check for $40,000, part of his insurance money that compensated his time in a coma. Finally, he visits the grave of fellow police officer Serge (William Ash), who once saved Stowe's life but has been killed by an unknown attacker following another failed sting operation. Valerie packs up to move out of the house so she can live with Mark, but after realizing the change that Stowe has undergone, she later decides to leave Mark and come back home. Stowe is convinced by his friend Chad Mansen (Wes Robinson) not to let his wife go, and Stowe goes after her. They miss each other by a few minutes. Just after Valerie returns and meets Chad, some of Callahan's men show up. Jimmy kills Chad, and kidnaps Valerie. Stowe returns to the house, and finds Chad's body, along with Jimmy waiting for him. Van Damme promoting the film in 2007Jimmy takes Stowe to a warehouse where Callahan is waiting. Along the way, Stowe manages to overpower Jimmy and take his gun, but he finds that the odds against him are impossible- and Callahan has Valerie hostage. Van Huffel is revealed to be Callahan's mole on the police force, and the sting operation at the beginning of the film was a set-up. Walter suddenly arrives and saves Stowe. Together they kill all of Callahan's men, including Jimmy and Van Huffel, as Callahan tries to escape with Valerie to his helicopter. Just as Callahan is about to reach it, Stowe appears. In the European DVD ending, each fire a shot that kills the other. Valerie cries out. At some point in the future, we see Valerie and a now 3 year old daughter. They place flowers at Stowe's grave. In the North American DVD ending, Stowe shoots and kills Callahan. Several months later, he is shown raising his daughter with Valerie, a completely reformed person.
tt1119191
Mystery,Thriller
Four volunteers sign up for what initially appears to be a typical paid research study, only to discover that they've unwittingly become involved with a classified government program that was said to have been terminated nearly two decades ago, in this tense psychological thriller from director Jonathan Liebesman (DARKNESS FALLS, TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE THE BEGINNING). The allure of a little extra cash proving too powerful to resist, four strangers decide to partake in a paid research study. As the study gets underway, the group is presented with a series of questions, and given a finite window of time in which each individual member must submit a unique numerical answer. At first, the participants all assume that the subject who gives the most obviously incorrect answer will be removed from the experiment, though it doesn't take long for the group to realize that the correct answer isn't always the answer that the researchers are looking for. Meanwhile, as the brooding Dr. Phillips (Peter Stormare) attempts to manipulate the study to get the answers he wants, the newest member of his team, military psychologist Ms. Reilly (Chloe Sevigny) begins questioning the ethics of such a diabolical experiment. [D-Man2010]
tt0124901
Action,Comedy,Crime
The movie opens in a convenience store one late night, with a smalltime drug dealer named Nick (Aaron Eckhart) is trying to decide what coffee brand to buy. His ex-lover Dallas (Paulina Porizkova) and fellow hitman Billy Hill (James LeGros) are getting impatient and tell him to hurry up. Nick finally choose Chocolate Macadamia, but the dispenser is empty. He complains to the cashier. The next morning, Nick shows up on the doorstep of Casey Wells (Thomas Jane), an old partner from his days as a drug dealer in Los Angeles. Casey has cleaned up his life. He is now a married architect and is looking to adopt a child with his wife. Nick leaves a couple of suitcases in Casey's guest room before leaving to run some errands. After Nick leaves, Casey becomes suspicious of one of the suitcases and eventually opens it to find it filled with heroin. After calling Nick to yell at him for bringing drugs into his home, he disposes of all of it in the kitchen sink. Ice (Glenn Plummer), a Jamaican Rasta hitman, enters Casey's house and is about to kill him, but Casey manages to persuade him to have a last smoke of marijuana. After having smoked, Ice is about to kill Casey when Ice's cell phone rings. Ice begins to rap over the phone in an effort to clinch a record deal, and Casey seizes the moment and knocks him out. Casey then ties him up and leaves him in his garage. A representative from the adoption agency comes to interview Casey about his fitness to be a father. The representative is particularly curious to know what Casey did for several years when he lived in L.A. as there is no account of his time there. Casey tries his best to cover up his past as well as his recent encounter with the hitman. During the interview, Dallas, who wants the money that she believes Nick left with Casey along with the heroin, shows up. She scares away the representative from the adoption agency by telling a story about Casey's drug-dealing and murdering past. When left alone with Casey, Dallas questions him about the money's whereabouts. Angry that he cannot help her, she decides to kill him. But not before she ties him up to a chair, fellates him to force an erection, gets naked and proceeds to mount and rape him. She tells him she will not kill him until he orgasms and she plans to go on until she makes him get an orgasm. Delivering on her word, she reaches multiple orgasms, but gets no results from him. While Dallas reaches a third orgasm, Hill breaks in and shoots her, splattering her blood all over Casey, his walls and his floor. Billy believes Casey when told that he does not have the heroin, but plans on torturing him with a saw and a blow torch anyhow, while he brags about his prowess and technique of cauterization as he sets to work. Hill is interrupted by cops ironically raiding the house next door. As Billy checks on it Casey is able to loosen the tape around his wrists and grabs a frying pan and sits back down. Billy returns and tells Casey the cops got the wrong house. As he is about to proceed, he notices something is wrong. But catching Billy off guard, Casey overpowers him, and leaves him in the garage. Nick calls Casey from a pay phone, apologizes for everything and admits he had stolen the heroin and money from the police. After he hangs up, it is revealed to us that Nick has been shot, and is bleeding severely, seemingly about to die. Finally, a corrupt cop (Mickey Rourke) arrives with a bag which contains Nick's head. He gives Casey until 7 p.m. to find the money but tells him that he does not care about the heroin. The cop then sees the garage with Ice and Billy tied up and Dallas dead and unloads a magazine into Ice and Billy. He then tells Casey to throw them out as it is garbage day. In the end, Casey calls Ice's boss and tells him that the heroin is being auctioned off at 7 p.m. at his house. He recalls Nick's earlier words which promptly lead him to find the money and a wedding present in the spare tire of his car. He takes them, puts them in Dallas' Lamborghini Diablo car and goes to pick his wife up at the airport to presumably escape the country. The movie ends as we see the cops and the Jamaicans, both armed, about to meet each other at the house.
tt0090967
Comedy,Crime,Drama
(spoilers!!!!) the movie starts out with Zack, an out-of-work cant be pleased with anyone or anything radio DJ who has just gotten kicked out of his girlfriends apartment. Angry and upset, he gets nearly wasted and stays out in front of a local bar, where a mob boss gives him 2000 dollars to drive "a clean car" from Point A (The Bar) to Point B (the next city over), little does Zack know that inside of the trunk contains a dead body. Because Zack is drunk, the cops pull him over, search the car, and take him directly to prison. Cut to a scene of a local pimp named Jack, attempting to cut a deal with a customer. This man is big stuff around the city and has lots of enemies. Cut to the next scene where the phone rings, and one of Jacks enemies tells him of a girl whos interested in "working for him". Jack goes to the hotel to find that the girl is a little child, and that this was a police set-up to nail Jack. Cut to the next scene where Zack, sitting in jail is introduced to Jack the pimp. And later on we meet Roberto, an Italian man who committed manslaughter. After months of rotting in prison, Roberto finds a way for the men to escape. The rest of the movie is them running from the law, and how they escape and the fate of the three men
tt0080923
Horror
Rose Elliot (Irene Miracle), a poet living alone in New York City, discovers an ancient book called The Three Mothers. It tells of the existence of three evil sisters who rule the world with sorrow, tears, and darkness. The book, written by an architect named Varelli, reveals that the three dwell inside separate homes that had been specially designed and built for them by the architect in Rome, Freiburg, and New York. Rose suspects that she is living in one of the buildings and writes to her brother Mark (Leigh McCloskey), a music student in Rome, urging him to visit her. Using clues provided in Varelli's book as a guide, Rose searches the cellar of her building and discovers a hole in the floor which leads to a water-filled ballroom. After accidentally dropping her keys into the water, she enters the flooded room. Swimming under the surface, she sees a portrait bearing the words "Mater Tenebrarum" and is able to reclaim the keys. A putrid corpse suddenly rises from the depths, frightening her. She escapes, although a shadowy figure watches her leave the basement. In Rome, Mark attempts to read Rose's letter during class. He is distracted by the intense gaze of a beautiful student (Ania Pieroni). When the class ends she leaves suddenly; Mark follows, leaving the letter behind. His friend Sara (Eleonora Giorgi) picks up the letter, and eventually reads it. Horrified by the letter's contents, she takes a taxi to a library and locates a copy of The Three Mothers. While looking for an exit, Sara is attacked by a monstrous figure who recognizes the book. She throws the book to the ground and escapes. Later that night, she seeks the company of a neighbor named Carlo (Gabriele Lavia) and both are stabbed to death by a gloved killer. Mark discovers the bodies and two torn fragments from Rose's letter. After the police arrive, he walks out of Sara's apartment and sees a taxi slowly driving by. In it is the music student, staring at him intently once again. Mark telephones Rose but is unable to hear her clearly. He promises to visit just before the connection fails. Cut off, Rose sees two shadowy figures preparing to enter her apartment. She leaves through a back door, but is followed. In a decrepit room, she is grabbed from behind by a clawed assailant and brutally murdered. Upon arriving in New York, Mark meets some of the residents of Rose's building, including a nurse (Veronica Lazar) who is caring for the elderly Professor Arnold (Feodor Chaliapin, Jr.), a wheelchair-bound mute. Mark learns from the sickly Countess Elise (Daria Nicolodi) that Rose has disappeared. Elise explains how Rose had been acting strangely. After the two find blood on the carpet outside Rose's room, Mark follows the stains. He suddenly becomes ill and falls unconscious. Elise sees a black-robed figure dragging Mark away, but the figure suddenly stops and gives chase to Elise. She is attacked by dozens of cats, who bite and claw at her flesh. The hooded figure then stabs her to death. Mark staggers to the house's foyer where the nurse and caretaker (Alida Valli) put him to bed. The next day, Mark asks Kazanian (Sacha Pitoëff), the antique dealer who sold Rose the Three Mothers book, about Rose. However, the man provides no information. That night, Kazanian drowns several cats in a Central Park pond and accidentally falls into the water. Hundreds of rats from a nearby drain crawl all over him, gnawing his flesh. A hot dog vendor hears Kazanian's cries and rushes over. The man kills Kazanian with a knife. Carol, the caretaker, discovers the horribly mutilated corpse of Elise's butler (Leopoldo Mastelloni) in the Countess' apartment. Shocked, she drops a lit candle which starts a fire. Attempting to put out the flames, she becomes entangled in burning draperies and falls from a window to her death. Meanwhile, Mark uses a clue from Rose's letter to discover that beneath each floor is a secret crawl space. He follows the hidden passages to a suite of rooms where he finds Professor Arnold. The old man reveals, via a mechanical voice generator, that he is in fact Varelli. He tries to kill Mark with a hypodermic injection. During the struggle, Varelli's neck becomes caught in his vocal apparatus, choking him. Mark frees him, only to be told by the dying man, "Even now you are being watched." Mark follows a shadowy figure watching him from the doorway to a lavishly furnished chamber, where he finds Varelli's nurse. Laughing maniacally, she explains to him with growing intensity that she is Mater Tenebrarum. She suddenly transforms into Death Personified. However, the fire that has consumed much of the building enables Mark's escape from the witch's den. As the structural integrity of Tenebrarum's home fails, debris crashes down on the fiend, destroying her.
tt0109370
Comedy
Thousands of former employees are outraged with military businessman R.J. Hacker (G. D. Spradlin), who had closed down his weapons manufacturing plant, Hacker Dynamics. At a conference held at the former plant, he pins the blame for the shutdown of his business on the current President of the United States (Alan Alda), who has just arrived. The President defends his own belief that the future of the children is more important than war, a belief that has caused major decline in his approval rating. However, after the conference, he expresses to his closest companions, General Dick Panzer (Rip Torn) and National Security Advisor Stuart Smiley (Kevin Pollak), his discontent about not having an enemy to engage in war. An attempted negotiation with Russian President Vladimir Kruschkin (Richard E. Council) to start a new cold war with Russia fails. However, a local American sheriff named Bud Boomer (John Candy) makes a displeased remark about Canadian beer while watching a hockey game between a Canadian and American team in Niagara Falls, Ontario. The ensuing brawl ends up on the news, and is seen by Stuart. After collecting more information about Canada from a CIA agent named Gus (Brad Sullivan), he suggests Canada as a new enemy to the President. Before long, the television channels are littered with anti-Canada propaganda, which Boomer notices and believes to be true. He prepares for war by distributing guns to his fellow sheriffs, including his girlfriend Honey (Rhea Perlman) and their friends Roy Boy (Kevin J. O'Connor) and Kabral Jabar (Bill Nunn). After they apprehend a group of Americans dressed as Canadians attempting to destroy a hydroelectric plant, they sneak across the border to litter on Canadian property, which leads to Honey being left behind and subsequently arrested by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. In a rescue attempt, Boomer, Roy Boy and Kabral sneak into a Canadian power plant and cause a countrywide blackout. When the President learns of this, he orders Boomer's immediate removal from Canada before it's too late. To make matters worse, Hacker takes revenge on the President for ordering the closure of his business by using a software program called the Hacker Hellstorm to activate missile silos across the country. The President learns that the signal causing the activation of the silos originated from Canada, and summons Hacker. Hacker offers to sell a program to the President that can cancel out the Hellstorm for $1 trillion. With only six minutes left, as Hacker leaves, despite the President telling him not to and trying to figure out what's going on, Stuart realizes that Hacker is the one controlling the silos, and takes, from him, the operating codes required to stop the Hellstorm, killing him in the process after Stuart delivered a punch, unintentionally. The President orders Stuart's arrest, despite his protests that he is now able to deactivate the missiles. As the launch time approaches for the missiles, which are aimed at Moscow, the President pleads with Canadian Prime Minister Clark MacDonald (Wallace Shawn) over the phone to stop the launch. However, Honey, who was taken to a mental hospital upon her capture and has escaped all the way to the CN Tower, discovers the central computer for the Hellstorm located at the top. She attacks the computer with a machine gun, destroying it and subsequently aborting the launch sequence, much to the relief of the President and his staff. She then reunites with Boomer, who had tracked her to the Tower, and they return to the United States via a speedboat across Lake Ontario. An ending montage reveals the fate of all of the characters: Boomer realized his dream of appearing on Cops, Honey has been named "Humanitarian of the Year" by the National Rifle Association, Kabral has become a hockey star, and MacDonald is "still ruling Canada with an iron fist."
tt0120376
Comedy
High school student Brad (Friedle) has had an unrequited crush on a classmate named Brooke (Marley Shelton) for years. After she asks him to come over one night to tutor her, she ends up wanting to have sex with him. But she only wants safe sex, and he does not have a condom. (The use of Trojan in the title is an obvious pun on the condom brand.) In his quest to buy some condoms, he runs into all sorts of trouble; his dad's Jaguar gets stolen and then wrecked, he has a run-in with a crazy bus driver (Anthony Michael Hall), he is held hostage, he is pursued by a school janitor (Paulo Tocha) who accuses him of tagging, an odd pair hispanic siblings (Christine Deaver and Mike Moroff) who think he's David Hasselhoff, Brooke's dog, Brooke's jealous boyfriend Kyle (Eric Balfour), and a homeless man (David Patrick Kelly) who wants two dollars from him (and secretly stolen his wallet), and he is nearly arrested. After all of this, he realizes that the perfect girl has been there for him all along: his best friend Leah (Jennifer Love Hewitt), who has had feelings for him for a long time unbeknownst to Brad. Finally, Brad realizes his own feelings for Leah while also discovering Brooke is not as great as he thought she was, after he finds out that she only wants a one night stand with him instead of a relationship. Brad runs out to find Leah and admits his feelings to her. After the end credits, Brad's parents are shocked by the sight of what is left of their car after the tow truck driver brings it back.
tt0080365
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Julian Kay (Richard Gere) is a gigolo ; a young man who makes a living as a wealthy ladies' escort. His official pimp/employer, Anne (Nina Van Pallandt) realizes that he is her star prostitute despite not being faithful to her. A small 'chauffeur' gig is planned for the next day, but Julian looks more interested in getting a higher percentage of the profits than in the practical contact details. After bargaining some more, Julian leaves and refuses to suntan with other two girls (Michele Drake and Linda Horn). We learn that Anne has been carefully preparing a highly-paid job with a Swedish woman who is about to arrive in Los Angeles. Julian trains at home to keep fit when a gay pimp, Leon James (Bill Duke) calls to ask him to act as a sub for an urgent gig to be played the next day in Palm Springs, some 110 miles // -2 hrs drive from LA. Julian, reluctant, finally accepts for 90% of the fees agreed with client. Leon chokes but has no other choice than greedy Julian... Julian does his chauffeur gig for a rich widow. He looks forward to meet the lady again for more and so reports to Anne afterwards. Sometimes Julian tries to find his own clients, so he makes a pass at Michelle Stratton (Lauren Hutton), who is sitting alone at a high-end restaurant. In the ensuing conversation, Michelle sees Julian for what he is, although he claims to be only hired as a guide, a translator or a chauffeur. No deal is closed that night, and Julian leaves alone. Later in Palm Springs, Tom Rheiman (Tom Stewart) wants Julian to beat his wife Judy (Patricia "Patti" Carr) while making love to her from behind. Although Julian does not like that kind of jobs (S&M and bondage), he's already been paid, and he's already there, so it's understood that he complies. Two nights after that, Julian learns in the papers that Judy Rheiman was assaulted and killed in Palm Springs . Later, he goes with Lisa Williams (K Callan) at Sotheby's Parke-Bernet to choose the bric-a-brac needed to redecorate her mansion. They have fun and laugh together. There is then an incident when Julian pretends to be gay in front of a casual, embarrassing acquaintance of Lisa (Faye Michael Nuell) and he almost breaks a valuable porcelain into pieces in the attempt to get quickly rid of the lady. Right after that, Julian and Lisa leave the place laughing. Michelle appears at Julian's apartment. Many people know who he is and where he lives, so she only had to ask. At first, he says to her that he doesn't work in his own apartment, but she talks to him and they end up going to bed together. Afterwards, Michelle talks about how her marriage to politician Charles Stratton (Brian Davies) is void of love or emotion. He advises her to start thinking about herself, because it looks that the only reason for the marriage to stay together is because it would be damaging to Stratton's political career. The next day, LAPD Detective Sunday (Hector Elizondo) arrives at Julian's apartment in L.A. to question him about the death of Judy Rheiman in Palm Springs. She was killed, and Julian says (quite arrogantly), that she was with Lisa Williams choosing the decorations at the time of the crime. Detective Sunday leaves without arresting Julian, but warns him not to leave town for he may return to ask more questions. Julian keeps on seeing his clients. For example, Mrs Laudner takes him to a political party where the main guest is Stratton. He greets him and his wife, pretending not knowing her (and vice-versa). When Julian inquires about gossips concerning the Strattons, Mrs Laudner says that Michelle is very sad. As Michelle keeps on meeting Julian whenever she can, something which gets noticed by her husband, Julian starts being followed by a political aide of Stratton. Julian decides to face the beat and talk to Stratton directly. Charles Stratton tries to buy him up with $5,000 to stop seeing his wife, which Julian refuses, as he has started to feel really interested in Michelle. Stratton warns him about the good graces of his small HiSo supports to end soon, if he persists to see Michelle. Another day or two later, Sunday follows Julian to his usual shoeshine parlor. He says there were handcuff marks over previous handcuff bruises on Judy's wrists, meaning Julian lied when he said he never handcuffed her during the gig done for Leon. Since Lisa Williams had said to the detectives that Julian left her at 7:00 pm in the evening, not later, and basically denying that they had a sexual relationship together, Sunday states there was enough time for Julian to drive to Palm Springs back and forth plus commit the crime... Julian has to go to the police station for a line-up, but the witness is not sure about him being the person who went to Judy Rheiman's home earlier that day. Julian feeds a protestation from a fellow inmate obliged to participate in the line-up. Later, Sunday and Lt. Curtis (David Cryer) talk with Julian again at the LAPD. Sunday laughs at the situation, because in his previous visit Julian had given him some advice to be more attractive to ladies and he is trying to improve his overall appearance. Julian stays free after the key witness could not formally identify him during the line-up. Julian starts to get worried. He needs an alibi for the night of the crime. Next, he goes to the Williams' house, but Lisa doesn't want to acknowledge that she ever met him: the police has been to her home with a restraining order against Julian. Mr. Williams (Richard Derr) also appears, and he coldly dismisses Julian saying that on the night of the crime Lisa was with him all the time. Julian meets Leon at a gay disco and asks him to give him an alibi, what he finally seems to agree. Leon even suggests that Rheiman is the real culprit, as he is a 'freak'. The police search Julian's apartment during his absence, leaving it in a total mess. Later, Julian meets Michelle in a botanical park; she must leave for two months in Europe on her husband's orders, until the polls are over. Julian states the news are hard to stand. Once back home, Julian recognizes Leon's blonde boyfriend (Gordon Haight) leaving quickly the garage in his vintage Porsche 911. Julian gets really paranoid and he creates havoc in his apartment to find the jewels who have been said stolen at the Rheimans' in Palm Springs and are still missing. He finally finds them hidden in his luxurious car - a car he had to tear to pieces in order the find the jewels. He grabs the plastic pouch and decides to leave quickly for downtown, where he rents a plain Ford Pinto to pursue his quest for help. Julian calls Anne for help and accepts a short notice rendez-vous at the Perino's. Calling Jill (Jessica Potter) at his reception, he learns that the police are sitting there waiting for him and that Michelle tried to meet him urgently. Showing dirty and jacketless at the Perino's, he is told off by the maître d'hôtel (Harris Weingart) because of his untidy look. There, Anne does not want to know anything about him: Julian forgot about picking the European lady at the airport, destroying a big deal arranged months ago. Anne gets really mad at him, and she does not want to work with him again nor help him through. As she has always been disappointed with Julian, who got clients on his own, and worked for other bosses sometimes now it's her opportunity to let him go. Julian, who had told Jill about the place he would be, notices Michelle at a table near. They meet shortly in the restroom and Julian requests from Michelle that she forgets everything about him, since he is framed and lost. Julian stalks Leon in the red light zones, but to no avail. He waits until the dawn near his home and finally sees him arriving along with his blonde BF. He shows up at Leon's flat, is granted access while his blonde boy hides then leaves discreetly; Julian argues again about the alibi he needs now. But Leon states that some things from the Rheiman's house, linked to the murder, have appeared at Julian's apartment and have being seized by the police ; that the 'bitch' from Palm Springs reviewed definitely her eyewitness report about Julian having been seen at the Rheimans house... So that Julian is obviously the ideal culprit and thus will fall alone. Julian throws the jewels pouch at Leon who ignores the thing. Julian tries to explain the case: blonde boy may have killed Judy Rheiman during a hardcore gig, then the husband arranged with Leon to frame him. Leon does not say anything. Julian offers to work for Leon the way he wants, to break in new boys, do any tricks... As this doesn't work, he offers to pay Leon a lot of money, but Leon says that the person who's framing him will always rise the bet higher than him. As an answer to Julian's "why me?" question, Leon reveals he was precisely the lonesome, self-centered and toe-crushing guy ideal for the role. Leon then asks Julian to leave while he greets the blonde boy from the balcony. In an ensuing rage, Julian runs after him, pushes him so Leon ends up falling down the balcony; but he is grabbed at the latest moment by Julian who holds tight Leon's legs - but his feet slip out of his boots and he falls many floors below. Julian stays stunned in Leon's apartment, all his hopes to escape the frame being lost. Since a maid who happened to be around testified that Julian tried to pull Leon to safety, he goes to jail on the sole charge of Judy Rheiman's murder. There is a lot of media interest on Julian's case, as his profession has been disclosed. Michelle visits Julian in jail to inform him that she is willing to give up everything to be with him. Feeling that all has been lost, Julian asks Michelle not to see him again. However, Michelle pays for Julian's defense who changes his old-time lawyer (Peter Turgeon) for a new one (William Dozier). However, Julian will not be freed until Michelle finally faces Lt Curtis. The detective already knows that she's paying for Julian's defense lawyer. She says that doing so, she wants to show Julian's innocence, because she was with her that night of the crime. In the final scene, Michelle has already revealed her secret, and media immediately has set camp in front of the Strattons', so she cannot go back anyway. Although they are still talking through a glass, it's implied that Julian will soon be freed and that they will be together.
tt1826590
Comedy,Romance
Note: This is a remake of the 1986 film of the same name and based on David Mamet's one-act play titled 'Sexual Perversity in Chicago' Best friends Bernie Litko (Kevin Hart) and Danny Martin (Michael Ealy) go to a trendy bar in Los Angeles called the Broadway Bar for some drinks. Bernie is telling Danny about how he hooked up with a woman recently. This woman, Joan Derrickson (Regina Hall), talks about the same hook-up with her roommate and friend Debbie Sullivan (Joy Bryant) as the scene cuts between the two pairs of friends. According to Bernie, Joan gave him a great blowjob, and Joan likewise enjoyed what she had with him. The ladies end up meeting both guys at the bar. Bernie and Joan get super drunk and poke fun at their friends, with Bernie bringing up Danny's ex-girlfriend while Joan calls Debbie boring. The two go to have sex in the bathroom, leaving Danny and Debbie sitting there awkwardly. Debbie gets a buzz on her phone and tells Danny she has to leave to get up early for work the next day. He offers to walk her out. Danny learns that Debbie has lived in Los Angeles for six years and has never been to a Dodgers game. He offers to take her sometime, as a date. She then sees her ex and grabs Danny's hand. It's Terrell Owens. He makes a quip about Danny's height and leaves with his buddies. Danny tells Debbie he likes being her fake boyfriend, but if he were really her boyfriend, he would instead lock arms with her, and then proceed to caress her cheek before finally planting a kiss on her. The two go back to Danny's place and have sex. Debbie goes back to her place and tells Joan about everything, particularly complimenting Danny's style with oral sex. Bernie overhears and tells Danny at work, pressing him about it because he knows Danny is interested in Debbie. Both Danny and Bernie represent Casey McNeil (Christopher McDonald) for work as they support his business, an Irish bar. Unfortunately, Casey's not making as much money as necessary, which means his loans are about to stop coming. SUMMER Danny and Debbie start to see each other frequently, even cutting work at times to hang out. He takes her to a Dodgers game and sits in the same seats all the way in the back where his dad used to sit with him. Even though it's farther away than they'd like, she is okay with it since they have the whole place to themselves to make out. After the game, Danny takes Debbie to Casey's. Casey tells her she is the first woman Danny ever brought to the bar, making her feel special. Meanwhile, Bernie and Joan continuously see each other for sex. It gets to a point where Joan asks Bernie during sex if she's his girlfriend. He hesitates, but as she starts crying, screaming, and smacking him in the ear, he relents and tells her she is his girlfriend. Tensions rise when Bernie and Joan break up. She tells Debbie it's because she wanted to meet Bernie's parents, but he told her she can't because she's not Jewish. Bernie tells Danny about how he dropped a "Jew bomb" on Joan (he's really not Jewish). At the same time, Danny and Debbie's relationship begins to get serious. By the summer's end, Debbie moves in with Danny, to the displeasure of both Bernie and Joan. FALL Danny and Debbie continue to enjoy their relationship while fooling around every now and then. One night, as Danny goes to answer the door for a pizza, his ex-girlfriend Alison (Paula Patton) calls his phone. Debbie sees it and shows Danny, but he chooses to ignore it so that she cannot bother him. Before they start eating, Debbie tells Danny she loves him. On Halloween night, Danny and Debbie go to a party at a bar with their respective friends. The couple is dressed as Ike and Tina Turner, while Joan has a blue wig on and Bernie is supposed to be Channing Tatum as his character in "Magic Mike". Danny tells Bernie that Debbie said "I love you", which Bernie interprets as Debbie trying to set Danny up for something. Bernie enjoys single life, as he and Danny get drinks paid for by three sexy women in provocative costumes. Joan comes in and tells the girls that they should expect nothing from Bernie. Pissed off, he confronts Joan, and she says she told them he has herpes. This blows up into a bigger and louder argument for the whole bar to hear. At work, Danny and Bernie's boss, Ryan Keller (Joe Lo Truglio) brings Danny in to meet with the higher-ups to discuss the state of Casey's bar. He hasn't made his cut, so they will no longer continue to support him. This bothers Danny all the way back home, even when Debbie takes him to a work party where he meets her co-workers and boss, Steven (Adam Rodriguez). Steven tries to make conversation with Danny, but he is passive and rude toward him. He admits to Debbie in an elevator that he is frustrated with work and is only still there to support her. She reminds him that that's not a good enough reason for him to stick around with a job he hates. At the same party, both Bernie and Joan were invited by their friends, and Bernie sees Joan with another (taller, more handsome) man. It clearly bothers him. Keller is ready to let Danny go, but Danny makes the first move and quits. He packs his stuff and flips his desk over to show his disapproval before telling Keller to go fuck himself. During a little stroll around town, Debbie sees a puppy that she really likes. She wants it but Danny doesn't seem on board with the idea. She puts the dog back in its cage. The couple hosts a Thanksgiving party with their friends. Debbie is starting to feel annoyed with Danny due to his lack of support toward her and an overall lack of courtesy. Joan gets mad when she sees Bernie bringing a woman wearing the exact same dress as her. She continues to trash-talk the woman to Debbie because she keeps saying "Enchante" to the male guests. Joan smokes a joint to calm herself, even letting Debbie take a few hits. Before anyone even gets to eat, Joan and Bernie get into it again, having a huge fight in front of everybody before they both storm out. Debbie, too high to function, tosses the turkey out the window. Debbie wakes up the next morning thinking she had a bad dream, but Danny tells her that she really did act out in front of their friends. However, he surprises her when he brings out the puppy she had her eyes on. They name him Pacino. While Danny walks Pacino, he runs into Casey and asks him for a favor. Danny earns himself a job as a bartender for Casey. Although Debbie shows support, Danny doesn't treat it like that and he brushes her off when he gets home. One evening, as Danny is working, Alison shows up at the bar. She still seems to think that Danny hasn't gotten over her, and she ends up getting really drunk. Out of pity, Danny takes her back to his place so he can call her a cab. Alison tries to make a pass at him, but he sends her out after she quickly kisses him. Meanwhile, Steven takes Debbie home and he tries to kiss her. She reminds him that she is with someone and that she loves him. Steven notes that he'd have to be an idiot not to love her back. Debbie confronts Danny about not using coasters when having a drink, but she gets more agitated when he mentions that he saw Alison. She thinks he slept with her, which he denies. She asks if he wanted to, to which he says he could have if he did want to. WINTER It's New Year's Eve. Danny and Debbie have a quiet dinner at their place. Bernie calls his friend up and tells him that there's a party going on at the Broadway. Debbie knows that Danny wants to go, so they make a trip there. Danny gets excited to see Bernie and starts to drink. Bernie comments that Danny looks like he got out of jail, and he replies that it feels like it. This hurts Debbie, and she goes to the bathroom where she runs into Joan, happy to see her. She expresses her frustration with Joan and tells her that she's done. When they go back to Danny, he's already drunk and makes a rude remark about Debbie being boring. He adds that it is Joan and Bernie who should be fighting, angering both of them. Danny admits he preferred to go hang out with his friends than to spend the night doing what he thinks they'll be doing for the rest of the year - fighting. The couple leaves, but Bernie and Joan stay as the bar counts down to the new year. He tries to get a kiss from her and she splashes her drink in his face, but the two of them laugh about it. Debbie packs her stuff and tells Danny she'll retrieve the rest of her belongings the next day. She tearfully asks him if he ever loved her, but he never responds. It's clear to both of them that their relationship is done. Danny continues to improve Casey's by helping Casey build a grill in the place to bring in more business. This proves successful. However, both Danny and Debbie are depressed after the break-up. She moves back in with Joan and cries in her lap. Danny tries to call her to meet up one afternoon, but she hangs up on him. SPRING Bernie and Joan have rekindled their relationship, even though it is mostly sexual. Bernie tries to convince Danny to go back to chasing other women now that he's single again. Danny almost has sex with another woman, but he can't stop thinking about Debbie. Likewise, Debbie isn't interested in another man she goes on a date with. Joan knows she misses Danny, and tells Debbie to call him because that's what she wants. Debbie goes to dinner at Bernie's after being invited by Joan. When Joan isn't looking, Bernie tells Debbie to throw the food into a Ziploc bag because Joan's cooking is awful. When she gets back, she and Bernie rub their relationship in Debbie's face. In the final scene, Bernie and Joan go to meet up with each other at a bar for Joan's birthday. They each invited Danny and Debbie with the intention to set them up again. They continue to trash-talk each other before saying "I love you" to each other. Meanwhile, Danny is out walking Pacino, when he runs away from him through the street. The dog runs to Debbie. After she and Danny chat it up, they arrange to see each other again and reconnect. They lock arms as they did when they first met and walk Pacino together.
tt0089695
Action,Comedy,Crime
Jason Stillwell summons the ghost of Bruce Lee, who teaches him how to beat people up.
tt0076257
Comedy
This movie is out of control. There aren't any spoilers in here because the movie doesn't actually have an ending. It can't because Kentucky Fried Movie is a collection of (I say) short films. Every one of them is Zucker-Abrahams-Zucker literal humor with a site gag to go along with every line. I loved it. I watch it frequently because you can watch a segment and watch another one later. I was surprised when I realized it came out in 1977. It's a potential stoner movie - I'm surprised it didn't come out in 1972.
tt0091278
Action,Thriller,War
Doug, a graduating high school senior, must quickly come to grips with manhood in a time of great emotional stress. He demonstrates leadership of his peers as together they develop materials and information to effect a rescue mission. He interacts with a skilled Air Force veteran to accomplish this daring mission. An underlying theme of the movie is the friendly conflict between children and parents, including several scenes where adults are lampooned as ineffective or easily redirected. Doug must also realize that he doesn't have all the answers, and must rely on the wisdom of a mentor. The pivotal rescue mission and climax showcase the talent of youth and the reconnection with that youth in the heart of the partnering Air Force pilot. ======================================================= Doug Masters is a hot-headed high school senior about to graduate. He is the son of a top-rated US Air Force pilot, Colonel Ted Masters, and lives on his father's base. Doug has a network of friends, also military kids, who will often secretly procure information for him and each other by exploiting their parents' positions on the base. Doug himself is often given the opportunity to fly with his father and control the F16 jet they go up in. Doug is often also given time in the base's simulator. Doug also has aspirations to join the Air Force and attend flight school to become a military pilot. He receives a letter that states he's been turned down for admission to an air academy. Doug accepts a challenge from another teenager to race along a dangerous canyon: Doug will fly his small Cessna airplane against Knotcher, who will ride a motorcycle. Before the race begins, Knotcher tinkers with Doug's plane's fuel line so that it will stall out in the last stages of the race. Doug is barely able to win the race but starts a fight with Knotcher. Doug later is grounded by his father for acting in such a reckless and stupid manner. Doug's father takes a mission to fly reconnaissance over a Middle Eastern country. Though the government there is presumed to be non-hostile, Col. Masters and his wingman are shot down. Masters himself is captured and held prisoner by that country's Minister of Defense, Colonel Nakesh. Nakesh tortures Doug's father and proclaims him a rogue terrorist. He sentences him to death. Back at Master's base, the commander informs Doug about his father's capture and that the US State Department plans not to invade the rogue country to rescue his father. Doug is immediately angry, saying that the US government isn't doing enough to help his father, however the base commander tells Doug that their hands are tied but they are continuing to search for a diplomatic solution. Doug talks to an older pilot, a friend of his father's, Col. Charles 'Chappy' Sinclair, who tells Doug to let the government continue their efforts to secure Col. Masters' release. Doug asks Chappy if there's a possibility that a pair of F16s could fly into the hostile country and rescue his father. Chappy says it would be a long shot but also gravely warns Doug not to try it. Doug talks to his friends at their clubhouse -- an old, abandoned bunker on the base -- and asks them to help him gather intelligence information on the country and city where his father is being held as well as their military capabilities. Doug and his friends have built an extensive network for themselves around the base and often fool their parents who work around top secret information. Doug talks to Chappy again telling him that he can get more information for him to plot a mission to rescue his father. Chappy admires Doug's initiative and, knowing that Doug's father is running out of time quickly, agrees to help him. Doug's friends begin to gather the info they need: at one point they set off firecrackers in a main command room, distracting the personnel long enough to gain access to a restricted computer. Chappy guides Doug's crew through the planning process and they formulate a mission to have two, fully-fueled and armed F16s for Doug and Chappy. Chappy decides to take Doug up for a test flight to see how well he can do in combat. While they're up, Doug uses a Walkman to play music (Queen's "One Vision" and the Spencer Davis Group's "Gimme Some Lovin'") he claims gives him the proper rhythm to hit his targets. Chappy harshly tells him to cut the music but Doug insists and proves that his method works and impresses Chappy. The night before they're supposed to leave, Chappy congratulates Doug's crew on a job well done & insists that Doug get some sleep. Doug is defiant but agrees when Chappy tells him that many pilots have died in combat under his command, but they still followed orders. Chappy and Doug fly out on the mission, refueling along the flight path. When they reach the coast of the nation where his father was shot down, the two engage in air-to-ground combat with the country's outer defenses. Chappy's plane is hit and crashes. Before he goes down, Chappy tells Doug to continue & play a tape he'd prepared for him. Doug listens to it: Chappy gives him encouragement and tells him to stay focused & he'll be fine. At Nakesh's base, Nakesh himself begins to beat Doug's father in retaliation. Doug reaches Nakesh's base and begins an air-to-ground attack that takes out missile and artillery installations. Doug contacts them by radio, bluffing that he's part of a larger force that has come to free his father. When Nakesh won't meet his demands, Doug drops bombs on a nearby oil refinery. Nakesh consents and releases Col. Masters, allowing him to drive to the end of a runway alone in a jeep. Doug is about to land to pick up his father, when a sniper shoots the Colonel in the shoulder. Doug destroys another oil refinery in retaliation, then firebombs the runway to cover his own landing. He meets his father, helps him into the plane and takes off. Low on ammunition, fuel and missiles, Doug engages Nakesh himself in the air. After a brief dogfight, Doug destroys his plane. A small squadron of Nakesh's pilots are waiting for him but bug out when a squadron of American F16s arrives and escorts Doug out of hostile territory. Doug asks the squadron to take up a missing man formation for Chappy, which they gladly do. Back in the United States, Doug's father is debriefed and Doug goes to a military hearing to answer for stealing his plane and taking on an unauthorized mission. The tribunal calls in a special witness, who turns out to be Chappy himself, having survived the crash. When Doug is admonished by the base commander, Doug asserts that no one else seemed to be willing to rescue his father. Chappy testifies, saying that he aided Doug and that Doug also needs to learn discipline and that an air academy would be the best place for him to learn. The commander agrees to endorse Doug's application.
tt2693664
Action,Drama,Romance
In a post draught-apocalyse USA, people would literally kill for water. Ernest Holm lives with his son Jerome and daughter Mary in their small town house and field. While everybody has left, Ernest stays, believing that the land will grow once more if only theres irrigation. Ernest gets water for his family by trading supplies with the water people who extract water from deep wells. When his mule breaks its legs and he has to kill it, Ernest goes to the auction and buys a robotic carrier machine to replace it, beating the offers of Flem, a young man whos been seeing Mary without his consent. Ernest rejects Flems offer to rent the machine. One morning Ernest finds his machine is missing, and he goes looking for it. When he gets to the water people, Ernest is accused of stealing. He wins a fight with the water peoples leader Caleb and takes his knife. Continuing on, he finds his machine and Flem with it, transporting a supply of water. Flem is taking it somewhere. Ernest takes Flem tied up but he soon gets weary due to refusing to take a drink from the water theyre carrying. Flem, wanting to continue his smuggling run, then throws a bottle at Ernest killing him. Time went by, the people found and buried Ernest, but the machine has gone missing. Flem marries Mary after helping the family build an irrigation system thus saving their farm. But the machine, limping and mangled, didnt shut down, and its default protocol makes it walk to a store in town. The store owner reaches Jerome in the Holm residence, informing about the machine. After tricking his way to town over border patrol, Jerome gets to the store to find the store owner has repaired the machine. Jerome gets interested to the machines laser sensor. It turns out the sensor can behave like a video recorder. Curious about the machines adventure, Jerome plays the recording and finds the truth about Flem and Ernest. Arriving home before Flem, Jerome picks on him as how did the machine find its way home. Flem lies further, which only infuriates Jerome even more. But he doesnt take any action. One day Flem goes on a supply run with the machine, and accidentally falls into a pit, breaking his legs. As he cries for help, Jerome, who has been secretly following him, comes at the pits mouth. As Jerome only stands there, Flem realizes that Jerome already knows about what happened to Ernest. Flem tries to talk his way into Jeromes mercy. Eventually Jerome shoots him in the head, and decides not to tell anything, even about Ernest, to Mary.
tt0095271
Horror,Thriller
The film opens on October 30, 1988, nearly ten years after Michael Myers's last murderous rampage in Haddonfield, Illinois. An ambulance from Smith's Grove, IL makes its way along the road in a thunderstorm toward the Ridgemont Federal Sanitarium, where Michael, who has been in a coma since then, has been incarcerated. After the apprehensive transfer crew is seen off by medical chief of staff Dr. Hoffman, the ambulance makes its way up the driveway in the storm and back out onto the highway toward Smith's Grove. While in the ambulance, he hears that eight-year-old Jamie Lloyd, his niece and the daughter of Laurie Strode, his first target, is residing in Haddonfield. He immediately grabs and repeatedly bashes a hospital attendant's head against the wall of the ambulance and stabs his finger right into his skull. The other attendant, trapped by the ambulance's locked doors, can only watch helplessly. Soon after, the film introduces Jamie, who has been adopted by the Carruthers family and is still mourning the loss of her mother. Laurie supposedly died in a car accident eleven months earlier. Her older foster sister Rachel comes into her room and consoles her, telling her that she will love her just as much as her mother did. Rachel sends Jamie off to bed and exits the room. Jamie kneels down next to the bed and says her prayers when suddenly, lightning and thunder crash outside, startling her. The door creaks open and as Jamie gets up to close it, the reflection of Michael, donned in his classic white mask and black coveralls, appears in the mirror. Jamie returns to her bed and instantly, Michael's hand reaches out from under the bed and grabs her by the leg. Jamie struggles, gets loose, and runs to her closet. Opening the door, a second Michael appears in front of her, raising his knife. Jamie screams again, attracting the attention of her foster mother, Darlene, who rushes into the room. She finds Jamie, shaking on the floor of her closet, traumatized after what was only a horrific nightmare. Dr. Loomis angrily marches into Hoffman's office the next day, berating him about the transfer of Michael Myers. Hoffman explains that it was mandated by federal law; as he does, he is interrupted by a phone call informing him of an accident involving the ambulance that was carrying Michael Myers. Immediately Loomis smells trouble, and the two men drive to the site of the accident. The state police have secured the scene; the ambulance is upside-down in a river with blood on both the outside & interior. One trooper tells Hoffman it was likely an accident, but Loomis does not believe it. Despite Hoffman's admonishments, Loomis wades into the river & walks round to the ambulance's rear. Inside is a scene of horror; blood is sprayed all over the walls & floor of the ambulance. Immediately, Loomis heads toward Haddonfield, certain that Michael Myers is headed there. Meanwhile, at a gas station, a mechanic works beneath a car, calling for someone to hand him a wrench. When he hears no response, he slides out. There is Michael, raising a long, sharp pole in the air. He thrusts it down into the mechanic's stomach, killing him instantly. Loomis soon after arrives at the gas station and finds the mechanic's body, hanging by a chain from the roof. He also finds several other bodies and immediately sees Michael, standing against the back wall. Loomis shoots at him, but Michael disappears. Loomis scurries out to the exterior of the gas station, barely catching Michael driving away in a truck. Just after, the entire gas station explodes. Loomis survives after crouching behind a nearby barrel. Meanwhile, Jamie is coming home from school to see several kids coming upon her, taunting her that she has no mother. Jamie runs from the scene, crying. At home, Rachel plans to go out for Halloween with her boyfriend, Brady, but her parents refuse and force her to take Jamie trick-or-treating. Rachel protests and Jamie overhears, upset at the fact that Rachel doesn't want to spend any time with her. After seeing Jamie's reaction, Rachel finally grudges to babysit her that night. At the city drug store, Brady and his friend, Wade, stand watching Kelly, a seductive young woman who is the daughter of Sheriff Ben Meeker. Wade wants to ask Kelly out on a date, but Brady and their other friends are worried because of her strict father. Wade ventures over to Kelly, but before he can say anything, she rejects him mercilessly. Wade stands there, totally embarrassed, as Brady and the other guys laugh hysterically. Soon after, Rachel and Jamie arrive to buy Jamie a Halloween costume. While there, Rachel leaves Jamie to tell Brady that they will have to cancel their date. Brady is frustrated and very angry with this last-minute blow-off. Jamie, left alone, finds a clown costume very much like the one that Michael Myers wore at age 6 when he murdered his sister. While looking in the mirror at the costume, Jamie sees her reflection change to that of a young Michael Myers who killed his sister 25 years before. Michael's hand seizes a white mask behind her; Jamie swirls around and sees him right there, pulling the mask down over his head & ready to strike. Screaming, Jamie backs into the mirror, shattering it. Rachel, at the other end of the store, kissing Brady passionately, hears Jamie's scream and rushes over to her. She finds her sitting there alone, unharmed. Rachel asks what is wrong and Jamie replies that she saw the "nightmare man." Rachel dismisses this as only Jamie seeing a creepy mask and takes her home. But immediately after they exit the store, they do not notice that Michael's reflection appears in one of the shards of glass from the mirror. By this time, Loomis has reached Haddonfield after hitching a ride with an eccentric preacher. He marches into the sheriff's office, asking to speak to Sheriff Leigh Brackett (from Halloween 1 & 2), but is told that Brackett retired 3 years later & moved to Florida. A tall man at the back of the room introduces himself as the new sheriff; Ben Meeker. Loomis explains to a skeptical Meeker that Michael Myers is on the loose again and is in Haddonfield, hunting for Jamie Lloyd. When one of his deputies is unable to reach the state patrol due to downed phone lines (caused by the fire Michael started at the filling station), and Loomis tells the sheriff that 6 people are already dead, Meeker believes him and starts a hunt for Jamie & Rachel. Radio & TV stations are also called by the sheriff's office, and told to broadcast the order to clear the streets so the hunt for Myers can begin. That night, as Rachel's parents are about to leave, Michael enters the house and walks upstairs into Jamie's bedroom. He sees the box of pictures of Laurie and picks it up with his severely burned hand. Afterward, Mr. and Mrs. Carruthers exit the house and Rachel takes Jamie out trick-or-treating. As they leave, Michael watches them carefully. Rachel and Jamie go to different houses, soon arriving at the Meeker house and Rachel sees Kelly, dressed in a t-shirt and panties and manages a "hello." Then, to her horror, Rachel sees Brady coming down the stairs! Rachel begins to storm off angrily, but Brady takes off after her. He tells her that he was only angry that she called off their date, but she accuses him of "just hopping off to the next best thing." Then, suddenly, without Rachel noticing, Jamie leaves with several other kids. Rachel soon after leaves Brady, who runs back into the house with Kelly. By this time, Rachel notices that Jamie is gone and begins to search the streets for her, panicking out of her mind. Meanwhile, at a bar in Haddonfield, a television blares out a news report about Michael Myers having escaped. Earl, the old hilbilly bartender, orders everyone to be quiet and listens carefully to the report. Apparently, the sheriff's office is ordering all businesses in Haddonfield to close down. This frustrates Earl, who calls the police station, but he receives no answer. This arouses the feeling of suspicion in him and he and a few customers head off with their rifles in a search for Michael. At this time, Dr. Loomis arrives at the Carruthers house with Sheriff Meeker and Deputy Logan. Dr. Loomis searches Jamie's bedroom upstairs and finds the overturned box of Laurie Strode's pictures on the floor. As Sheriff Meeker comes upstairs, Dr. Loomis tells him that he is sure that Michael has been here. Sheriff Meeker is not convinced until they both find Sunday, Jamie's dog, dead in her closet. Dr. Loomis suggests that he and Meeker go off to find Jamie. As they leave the house, Meeker orders Logan to stay behind in case Michael or the Carruthers return to the house. Meanwhile, at the local power plant, an electrician by the name of Bucky is working late. As he turns around from his work, he sees a shape lurking behind his truck. It is Michael! Bucky becomes angry, thinking Michael is a teen trying to perform a prank, and heads over to him. He tells Michael that he is going inside to call the police and threatens him if he moves one muscle. As Bucky heads inside for the phone, Michael begins to follow him. Bucky swirls around and Michael grabs him by the shirt, throwing him onto the power unit. Sparks fly as Bucky is electrocuted and Michael watches as the lights in several houses go out. At this time, on the streets of Haddonfield, the children are being picked up from trick-or-treating. It is getting late and Rachel is becoming increasingly worried that she still hasn't found Jamie, who is lost and afraid in the bad part of town where there is no one to help her. As Rachel continues to search for Jamie, Michael watches through the broken window of an abandoned house nearby. Rachel walks down an alley and finds a dead end. Around a corner, she sees the shape of a man shrouded in smoke. It is Michael! Frightened, Rachel runs through a yard and hops over a fence, barely escaping. Meanwhile, Jamie sees a bush rattling in front of her. She hopes that it is Rachel, but she knows better than that. She begins to threaten whatever the thing is in the bushes when Rachel instantly appears. They run towards each other and embrace. Soon after, Dr. Loomis and Sheriff Meeker arrive in a police car. They inform Rachel and Jamie of what is going on and put them in the back seat. Just as Meeker is about to drive away, he instantly sees a masked face behind a building. It is Michael for sure this time. But then, behind another corner, a second Michael stands, and a third. Meeker is confused, trying to decide which is the real one, when suddenly, two of them pull off their masks. They are only kids playing pranks. Meeker is distracted from the third Michael and yells at the kids to go home. He gets back in the car and he, Dr. Loomis, Rachel, and Jamie drive away. As the car speeds away from the street, the real Michael stands right behind them, silently watching. They soon after arrive at the police station. Dr. Loomis and Meeker go in, finding it ransacked and several bloody bodies on the ground. At this time, Earl and the hillbillies pile out of their truck and enter the police station. Meeker tells them that this is police business and to stay out of it, but Loomis tells Earl & the other men that Michael Myers is responsible. Earl and the others are furious when Meeker tells them to let the police handle it. One of Earl's friends, a man named Al, had lost his son 10 years before in Michael's first homicidal rampage. Earl angrily informs the sheriff that it will be handled HIS way. 'We're gonna fry his ass', Earl tells Meeker, who berates Loomis for starting a lynch mob. Loomis angrily counters by reminding Meeker his police force is decimated. Not long after, Meeker receives a call from Logan, who has heard about the catastrophe at the station. Meeker orders Logan to go to his house to call the State Force. Logan hangs up and as he drives away from the Carruthers house, Michael sits calmly in the back seat, waiting for a chance to strike. After his car is gone, Richard and Darlene Carruthers return home and find that Rachel and Jamie are not there. Darlene becomes very worried. Meanwhile, Earl and the hillbillies are driving down the road when one of them claims to have seen Michael behind a bush. They all get out of the truck and repeatedly shoot at the bushes until they are positive that he must be dead. Walking over to the bushes, they find the body not of Michael, but of someone they know. Earl becomes annoyed at the hillbilly for his mistake. Meanwhile, Brady and Kelly are on the floor of the Meeker house, making out when suddenly, the headlights of Meeker's police car appear on the wall. Brady and Kelly hurriedly get dressed and pretend to sit on the couch, reading magazines. As Dr. Loomis, Meeker, Jamie, Rachel, and Logan enter the house, Rachel sees how oddly Brady and Kelly are acting and knows exactly what happened. Meeker orders Rachel and Jamie to go upstairs and for Kelly to lock all the downstairs windows. He tells Dr. Loomis to go downstairs and watch the police radio and gives Brady a shotgun, asking him to secure all the beams in the attic. As Brady turns to go upstairs, Meeker warns him that if he catches him groping Kelly he'll have to use the shotgun on him. Brady runs upstairs, beyond frightened. Logan walks out to his car and sees that the back seat door is open. Worried, he gets his gun out of the trunk and goes back inside. Meanwhile, Brady goes upstairs to check on Rachel and Jamie. Not knowing what's going on, he asks Rachel, who informs him that Jamie's uncle, Michael Myers, is trying to kill her. After this, Brady arrives in the attic, nailing down all the loose beams. Instantly, he hears a noise, startled, and turns around, but nothing is there. After Jamie goes to sleep, Rachel heads downstairs and finds Logan sitting in a rocking chair with the shotgun. She asks when they can go home and Logan replies that it won't be for long, just not to worry. Rachel exits the room when suddenly, Michael's face appears out of the shadows, but this goes unnoticed to Logan. Meanwhile, down in the basement, Meeker and Dr. Loomis receive a transmission through the radio. It is someone by the name of Frank Bute in Tuckerville. Meeker informs him of Michael Myers; Bute angrily asks if it's a Halloween prank. Meeker informs him it is NO JOKE and the troopers are needed immediately. Frank says he must get some information and Meeker sits, waiting. Dr. Loomis heads upstairs to the living room and meets Rachel. He asks about Jamie, knowing how much danger she is in, and Rachel replies that she is fine. Dr. Loomis tells Meeker that he is going to the Carruthers house to search for Michael and exits the house, Logan locking the door behind him. In the kitchen, Kelly is making coffee. Rachel comes in, angry at how Kelly tore apart her relationship with Brady, and they end up getting into an argument. Kelly snaps back at Rachel that she had better wise up to what men want or Brady wouldn't be the last man she'd lose to another woman. This is the last straw for Rachel, who takes the cup of coffee and pours it onto Kelly's shirt. Flabbergasted, Kelly gasps at her. Downstairs in the basement, Meeker calls out through the radio, but no one is answering. Rachel goes down to see what is going on and he orders her to man the radio while he goes out to wait for the state troopers. As Rachel is waiting for a transmission, she hears a creak behind her, but sees nothing. Upstairs, Jamie wakes up, seeing that Rachel is gone, and is worried. Sitting up in bed, she begins to look around. In the kitchen, Kelly is finished making coffee and brings it into the living room to Logan, who is still seated in the rocking chair, shotgun in hand. Kelly sets the tray on the table and lights a candle. As the light floods through the room, she sees in horror Logan's lifeless corpse on the couch, blood trickling from his mouth. Kelly's eyes instantly dart over to the rocking chair. The man with the shotgun begins to stand up. It is Michael! As Kelly backs against a door, Michael raises her into the air and shoves the shotgun through her stomach and the door behind her, leaving her body hanging there. In the basement, Frank finally comes back on the radio. Rachel answers and Frank tells her that the troopers will be there in 35 minutes. Rachel, sure that everything is alright now, heads back upstairs to the living room. She sees the rocking chair empty and begins to worry, when suddenly, she finds the corpses of Logan and Kelly and screams out. Hurriedly, she runs upstairs for Jamie. Tripping on the stairs, she gets back up and enters the bedroom. Jamie is gone! Rachel runs back downstairs and in her haste, runs into Brady, who believes that Jamie is probably dead. Rachel fights against his opinion defiantly as Brady goes to the front door. But it is locked and they are trapped in the house! Instantly, Jamie appears outside another upstairs room. Rachel runs up to her when Brady sees something. It is Michael, slowly advancing towards them! Rachel, Jamie, and Brady all run upstairs. Rachel and Jamie reach the attic stairs, calling for Brady, but he is staying behind to fight off Michael. Soon after, Michael reaches the top of the staircase and Brady attempts to shoot him, but the bullet goes the other way. Michael throws Brady against the wall, causing his nose to bleed. Grabbing the shotgun, he hits Michael in the face with the gun's butt. Swinging it again, Michael grabs it from him and throws it over the railing. Brady punches Michael in the face, but Michael grabs his hand and squeezes, breaking it. Lifting Brady into the air, Michael digs his fingers into his cheek. There is a crunch as Brady presumably dies. Rachel and Jamie arrive in the attic and begin hastily throwing things down onto the staircase, attempting to block Michael's entrance. But Michael fights through the rubble, reaching the top of the stairs. Seeing a tin can full of butcher knives, he grabs the sharpest one and heads toward Rachel and Jamie. Rachel grabs a suitcase and uses it to break the window. Jamie gets on Rachel's back and they climb up onto the roof. As they try to reach the arched part of the roof, they miss and Rachel trips on a loose shingle, sending them sliding backwards. Jamie turns around and screams as she sees Michael climbing up with them. Rachel lowers Jamie down to the chimney, but upon seeing Michael again, Jamie slips and slams into it instead. Michael soon reaches them, taking a swipe at Rachel's face. Rachel dodges the blow and ties Jamie to a cord, lowering her off of the roof. Suddenly, Michael strikes again, causing Rachel to lose grip of the cord and forcing Jamie to drop halfway down. Michael tries to strike Rachel, sending her falling over off the roof. She grabs onto the edge and begins to move to the side. Michael brings the knife down one last time and Rachel lets go of the roof, plummeting to the ground. Michael, thinking she's already dead, heads down to ground level to continue after Jamie. By this time, Jamie has safely lowered herself to the ground and runs over to Rachel, who appears to be dead. Suddenly, Michael appears at the side of the house and begins to slowly walk towards Jamie. Jamie runs down the street, screaming for help, when instantly, Dr. Loomis leaps out from behind a tree and grabs her. He asks her where the schoolhouse is and she points somewhere behind him. They run off towards it, looking for a safe place to hide. Entering the schoolhouse, Dr. Loomis tells Jamie that they are safe, but Jamie knows that they both don't really believe that. Dr. Loomis tries to open the doors of several rooms, but they are all locked. As they turn to leave, Michael suddenly appears and shoves Dr. Loomis through the glass door. Jamie runs down the hallway, screaming, banging on all the locked doors. She crouches down in a corner, putting her hands over her face, sobbing. Looking up, she sees no sign of Michael. Jamie begins to stand up, walking back through the corridors, not believing that Michael is truly gone. She looks around every corner when she instantly sees him standing on a stairwell, knife in hand. Jamie screams again and begins to run down another staircase leading to another door, but trips and falls the rest of the way down. Michael slowly creeps down after her as she crawls toward the door. She is about to reach it when Michael grabs her by the leg! It appears he is victorious when suddenly, Rachel appears in front of Michael and sprays him with liquid carbon dioxide, blinding him & enabling Jamie's escape. The hillbillies arrive at the schoolhouse soon after, hearing the alarm sounding off. Rachel runs outside and tells them that Michael is inside. They begin to head inside, attempting to kill him, but Jamie warns them not to. The hillbillies eventually decide to leave and let the state troopers handle Michael. Earl, Rachel, and Jamie get into the front seat with the rest of the hillbillies in the back of the truck, shotguns at the ready. As they head out of town, they encounter 4 Illinois State Police cars racing down the highway with lights & sirens towards Haddonfield, in response to Sheriff Meeker's call. After 2 of the men signal the troopers, the last one stops & tells them to proceed to a highway patrol substation about 4 miles down the road. They are some distance away from Haddonfield when suddenly, Michael's hand appears at the back of the truck and he begins to lift himself into the back. One of the hillbillies notices his presence and attempts to hit him with his shotgun, but Michael is too quick and stabs him in the back. Michael grabs Al, another hillbilly and stabs him in the side, and grabs several other hillbillies and throws them against the tailgate, causing it to burst open and throw them out into the street. Inside the truck, this entire action goes unnoticed by Earl. Michael throws the last hillbilly off the truck and Earl finally hears a noise. He looks behind him through the back window when Michael's hand breaks through the driver's side window and grabs Earl's neck. Jamie and Rachel watch in horror as Michael's fingers stab into Earl's neck, drawing blood and twisting, breaking it. Earl is dead. The truck swerves, causing Jamie to fall into the floorboard. Rachel opens the door and shoves Earl's body out, taking over the wheel. She jerks the truck this way and that, trying to make Michael fall off, but he keeps his grip, reaching through the broken window and grabbing Rachel. Rachel fights him off and slams on the brakes, sending him finally falling off and rolling across the street. As he stands up, Rachel has an idea. She floors the accelerator and slams into him. He goes flying into the field nearby, his grip loosening on the knife, appearing to be dead. At this time, the police cars arrive and Rachel runs out to talk to them, ordering Jamie to stay in the truck. But Jamie is too curious as she walks over to Michael's lifeless body, taking his hand in hers and feeling along his burn marks. Rachel and Sheriff Meeker instantly see her and yell for her not to touch him. Suddenly, Michael's grip tightens on the knife as he slowly begins to rise. Jamie ducks down as the police repeatedly shoot him. He staggers backwards from the multiple shotgun/rifle blasts and soon after tumbles into an abandoned mine shaft. Sheriff Meeker escorts Jamie and Rachel home to a worried Richard and Darlene Carruthers. Dr. Loomis arrives as well, assuring everyone that Michael is buried in hell, where he belongs. Darlene goes upstairs to the bathroom and turns on the bathtub water, calling for Jamie to take a bath. Suddenly, someone appears in the hallway and puts on a mask. It begins to walk towards the bathroom, grabbing a pair of scissors. The shape approaches Darlene and downstairs, everyone hears her scream. Dr. Loomis runs to the staircase, raising his gun and watches in terror as he sees what is going on. Sheriff Meeker, Richard, and Rachel run after him. It is Jamie, wearing the clown mask, clutching the bloody pair of scissors with a menacing look on her face. Michael has been reborn! Everyone watches in horror as Jamie begins to raise the scissors high into the air...
tt0095593
Comedy,Crime,Romance
At a Long Island railroad station, Frank "the Cucumber" DeMarco (Alec Baldwin) and Tommy (Paul Lazar), two Mafia associates, wait for the commuter train on which they will assassinate a person known only as 'The Fat Man' (Captain Haggerty), an enemy of crime lord Tony "The Tiger" Russo (Dean Stockwell). Before the train arrives, Tommy informs DeMarco that his wife, Angela (Michelle Pfeiffer), turned down an invitation to an important Mafiosi dinner party to which the DeMarcos were invited. DeMarco carries out the assassination flawlessly and leaves the dead Fat Man behind on the crowded train. Later that day, at her Long Island beauty parlor, Angela offends Tony's vain wife Connie (Mercedes Ruehl), as well as the other fellow Mafia wives, Rose (Joan Cusack), Theresa (Ellen Foley) and Phyllis (O-Lan Jones), by declining an invitation to a card game. At home, DeMarco confronts Angela about refusing social opportunities and jeopardizing his career, but she expresses dissatisfaction with their lifestyle and ill-gotten possessions. Breaking into tears, she claims, "Everything we own fell off a truck." Although she wants a divorce, DeMarco laughs at the suggestion and tells her to take a Valium. Soon after, DeMarco and several other Mafia gangsters gather at the King's Roost, a dinner club with a medieval castle theme. As several FBI agents surreptitiously watch, Tony gives a necklace to a waitress, Karen Lutnick (Nancy Travers). After dinner, Tony meets Karen in a hotel room to have sex, but then suspects that she has another tryst scheduled. Later in the evening, DeMarco enters Karen's hotel room and finds her soaking in the bathtub with a bullet in her head, just before Tony kills him. Meanwhile, FBI agent Mike Downey (Matthew Modine) surmises that Tony is guilty of the double murder and gains permission from his superior to work on the case. After DeMarco's funeral, Tony approaches Angela and forces a kiss on her. Unaware that Angela does not welcome Tony's overtures, FBI agents snap a photo of the act. Rose also sees the kiss. Despite Angela's claim to the contrary, the Mafia housewives presume Angela is pursuing Tony and confront her at the supermarket. Connie threatens to crush Angela and demonstrates with a carton of eggs. Taking action, Angela donates her house, car and all her furniture to charity and, with her 10-year-old son Joey (Anthony J. Nicci), moves to a tenement on Manhattan's Lower East Side. Mike and Ed Benitez (Oliver Platt), another FBI agent who has been staking out Angela, wire her apartment. When Mike accidentally encounters Angela in the apartment elevator, he introduces himself as a workman named Mike Smith. After attempting unsuccessfully to get a job at a department store cosmetics counter, Angela seeks employment at the Chicken Lickin' fast food restaurant, but leaves when she catches the manager spying on her as she changes into the store uniform. Eventually, Angela is hired at the "Hello Gorgeous" hair salon, where she works with Rita (Carol East), the manager. After Tony's henchmen learn Angela's location, Tony and Tommy visit her, bringing a gift of groceries, and remind her that she is still in the "family." Although Angela evades their invitation to dinner, Connie, hiding in her station wagon, observes Tony kissing Angela's hand. After encountering Mike a second time at the apartment, Angela asks him on a date. On Long Island, gunmen from a Miami underworld family ambush Tony and his entourage at a Burger World. Although Tony escapes by shooting all his attackers, he decides to set up a meeting with his Miami rivals to settle their differences. Mike and Angela are sharing intimate moments in her apartment, when Connie arrives looking for Tony and instead finds Mike. After she leaves, the defeated Angela explains to Mike that she is connected to the Russo crime family and unable to start a new life outside the mob. Mike then realizes he has misjudged Angela and tells her that she deserves a second chance. However, Mike's superiors at the FBI chastise him for his romantic interlude with Angela and bring her in for questioning. Mike's hostile boss, FBI Regional Director Franklin (Trey Wilson), threatens to send Angela to prison for donating stolen goods to charity and for illegal tax returns submitted by her now dead husband, and he also accuses her of colluding in DeMarco's murder. To put further pressure on Angela, he has Rita, her salon manager, arrested on immigration charges. When Angela complains that the FBI employs the same tactics as the mob, Franklin retorts that the "mob is run by murdering, thieving, lying, cheating psychopaths" while the FBI works for the President of the United States. Afraid that Joey will be placed in a foster home, Angela reluctantly agrees to cooperate with the FBI by flirting with Tony and gaining entrance into his world. Tony invites Angela to accompany him to Miami, where the meeting with his rivals will be held. Connie decides to surprise Tony and join him in Miami, but after learning he booked the honeymoon suite, she suspects that Angela is with him and flies to Miami with revenge on her mind. At the hotel, Tony gives Angela a gift and Angela, shaking with fear, reciprocates by giving him a ring that has a surveillance device inside it. Meanwhile, Mike and other FBI agents are shadowing Angela. When Tony, realizes he has seen Mike several times, he orders his underlings to bring him to the honeymoon suite, where his identity as an FBI agent is revealed. Mike tells the mobsters that agents will arrive and arrest them at any moment, but instead, the now-deranged Connie arrives. She slugs Angela to the floor and, claiming she has "nothing to live for", threatens to shoot and kill Tony. Chaos ensues, as Mike and the mobsters shoot at each other, but Mike subdues all but Tony, who is still held at gunpoint by Connie. However, Angela knocks out Connie, and several agents enter and make arrests. Sometime later, Tony leaves a courthouse after his trial and acquittal. As he goes to the men's room to relieve himself, Connie is there and shoots him. But the whole sequence is a dream as Tony is really in prison in a small cell serving his time, and having constant nightmares about his angry and jealous wife coming after him. Later in New York City, Mike calls Angela from a phone booth outside the "Hello Gorgeous" salon and asks her for a haircut. When he arrives, Angela, remembering his comment about second chances, decides to give Mike a break and kisses him, and the crowd in the salon breaks into applause. A series of outtakes and deleted scenes are shown over the closing credits involving scenes of several more characters not seen or only glimpsed in the movie whom include Chris Isaak playing a clown, David Johanson playing a priest at DeMarco's funeral, and Joe Spinell playing a gangster named 'Tiptoes' Mazzilli attending DeMarco's funeral and who is later killed in another deleted scene by Tony.
tt0101329
Animation,Adventure,Family
Several years after the events of "An American Tail," the Mousekowitz family still resides in New York, but times are tough, and the promise of "streets paved with cheese" has not come to pass. Papa and Mama's children have also grown up since the last film, with Fievel idolizing cowboys out west (like famed law-dog Wylie Burp), and Tanya wishing to become a singer. Their cat-friend named Tiger, has also found a relationship in the form of a female cat named Miss Kitty. However, she has chosen to leave New York behind, and head out west to find opportunity. One evening, a cat attack on an alleyway sends almost all its mouse residents fleeing, including the Mousekowitz's who end up floating through the city's sewer systems, before finding a small congregation of mice listening to a mouse who is giving out free tickets to head west for new opportunities. The family eagerly takes the chance, and heads out of town, leaving a message for Tiger before they go. Tiger soon after attempts to follow them, but gets sidetracked along the way by dogs at every turn. While on the train, Fievel comes across the mouse who sold them the tickets, only to find it is a marionette that was controlled by a domineering cat named Cat R Waul, who intends to lead the mice to a town called Green River, where after lulling them into a false sense of security, intends to make mouse-burgers of the unsuspecting rodents. Fievel heads back to warn his family, but a spider who works for the cats ends up knocking him off the train, and the Mousekowitz family arrives in Green River, saddened that their son may be lost for good this time. Fievel wanders the desert, but is soon snatched up in the clutches of a hawk. Luckily for Fievel, the hawk is shot down by some natives of a "Mousehican" tribe. Fievel is further surprised to see Tiger among the villagers, having been claimed as their new god. Fievel tries to get Tiger to go with him to Green River, but takes off on his own. Once in Green River, Fievel tries to tell his family what he heard on the train, but Papa dismisses these claims, feeling that the cats here are good. Soon after, Tanya is recruited by Cat R Waul as entertainment for his saloon. Tanya comes under the tutelage of Miss Kitty who is also part of the saloon entertainment, and Tanya's debut impresses the cats. Fievel grows saddened when he hears how Cat R Waul is planning to do away with the mice in a few days, and noone believes him. One evening, he comes across an old dog in town, and is amazed to find that this dog is the actual Wylie Burp. However, Burp is old and not interested in helping at first, but tells Fievel that he would be willing to train a dog to help him out. Instead of a dog, Fievel brings Tiger to Wylie. Wylie is at first nonplussed by Tiger's naivete, but soon, Tiger begins to show potential, and Wylie, Tiger and Fievel head into Green River to confront Cat R Waul and the other cats. The showdown concludes with all the cats chucked into a mailbag which is picked up by a passing train, leaving the town free of cats, with the exception of Tiger and Miss Kitty. In the aftermath, Wylie gives Fievel a deputy's badge, and thanks him for believing in him.
tt0101545
Comedy,Romance
Jim Dodge sits talking to dogs who he is in charge of temporarily at an animal hospital. We see a gruesome murder scene in Saltburg while Jim tells the dogs he knows that murder in Saltburg is the working of the mob in the Midwest. He also pretends he is going on a date with someone international using his jet that night. He is summarily fired for being lazy. Then there are several scenes where Jim talks to kids in the town and a waitress indicating he is pretending to be an important inventor. Then we see Jim asking for a job from a gas station owner. But the station owner feels Jim is full of crap and indicates the entire town feels the same way about him. Josey McClellend pulls up in her expensive car and gets gas. Jim's father confronts Jim and drags him home because he was fired again. At home Jim is belittled by his whole family for the uncountable number of terminations he suffered. They also discuss Josey McClelland getting fed up with her father and moving to New York. Jim's father secures him an interview at a Target store, but indicates if he does not get tie job he is going to his uncle's shop in Saint Louis. Either way Mr Dodge wants Jim to move out. We then get a taste of Mr McClelland's relationship with his daughter as she pulls a little teasing stunt on two business men he is talking to by kissing one and shaking the other's hand and Mr McClelland later on threatens to beat the living tar out of her. Jim talks to the Target Store Manager and through his charm Jim convinces the Manager to offer him much more money than he actually expected. Jim does not accept the offer and pushes the Manager a few thousand above his offer, which they shake hands on. Then the Manager is called and told the person he thought he was interviewing for the Operations Manager position did not make it. The Manager then offers Jim the night cleanup boy position at a greatly reduced salary, which is the job he came in for. Jim orders a limo to work on his first day and coincidentally Josey goes into the Target store and begins to shoplift out in plain view of everyone. Jim comes into the store and pretends to be the owner for a minute and tells a clerk to fix a tile in the store. Later on Jim meets his supervisor who abuses him verbally and a little bit physically, then indicates he will not be in the store during the night and will lock Jim in. When the door is locked and his supervisor leaves Jim turns all the lights on and has a good time, sampling all of the stores goods. Jim then sees Josey and has a minor accident. She reveals she wanted to get caught shoplifting and get arrested to embarrass her father and leave home ,and therefore, she fell asleep and also is locked in the store. They eat store food and find a little place in the store to sit and relax. They talk and she accidental lets him know he is known around town as the "Town Liar". He shares honest and sad stories of high school while she laments that her life wont get better. At one point he says he likes living at home and she confronts him that he is lying to himself. She eventually makes him see he really does not like living at home. She asks him to run away from home with her. She mentions going to Los Angeles which is a switch of destinations for her. Also, it keeps with the talent these two have, that leads these two to where the movie winds up. She asks how she can make it up to him for being so cold to him in High School, and he surprises her by choosing to finish a dance he had with her in seventh grade. She lets him know she was expecting him to want sex, and was willing to go all the way. However, he is wrapping his mind around these events and says "first things first", which tells her to slow down. She slow dances with him and when he finally gets the nerve to try a kiss, she moves her lips right there for a gentle and lasting kiss. They appear to go further in a tent when an officer comes to the outside of the store. The officer lets Jim know that he, the lone policeman in the town, is searching for Josie McClelland alongside of Josie's father. Josie and Jim roller skate through the store. Their fun is interrupted by the two criminals who murdered someone in Saltburg. Josie and Jim hide, but are captured by the two crooks. At a point when it looks like Josie will be murdered by one of the crooks, Jim jumps into action pretending he is talking to people on the outside, who have guns aimed at the two crooks. He is so convincing a pretender that they give up their guns and lay on the floor. However, these crooks lie about the guns not being loaded and Jim gives them back their loaded guns. Josey then reveals to Jim that she plans to steal the crooks car, (which they stole from someone else earlier) and tells Jim to go along with her. Josies like Jim is very good at pretending, and she flirts with one of the crooks. She eventually has the one crook mesmerized with her pretend interest and she jumps into their car and drives off quickly, while they shoot at her. When Jim hears the car driving off he immediately gets the store shotgun that was locked in the cabinet, and pretending to be scared he uses the store announcement microphone to get the crooks to go to where he wants them. The crooks follow his lure and wind up inches from the barrier of his shotgun as he blasts their hearing away. Josie, knowing that Jim could easily subdue these crooks, happily returns with her bags packed and the stolen car. In the morning the policeman, apparently in answer to a tip, comes into the store to find the crooks tied up with their wanted posters attached. Jim and Josie take a last tour of the town in a limo then go to Hollywood California to try out their pretending/acting talent. The last scene is Jim and Josie by a pool looking at the Hollywood sign which Jim sees as "Jimwood" while Josie laughs.
tt0145893
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
While walking down a street in New York City, a young woman named Amanda (Sarah Michelle Gellar) meets a mysterious man who sells her crabs for her restaurant which is having trouble picking up business. The restaurant was owned by her mother who died and now Amanda is not even sure she can cook. So Amanda accepts the offer, and when a crab gets away from her she chaces after it and bumps into a man that goes by the name of Tom (Sean Patrick Flanery). Amanda and Tom get to talking and Tom later brings himself and his superficial girlfriend Chris (Amanda Peet) to Amanda's restaurant. Amanda has trouble making their dishes one minute and then in the next minute it looks professionally done. Nolan (Larry Gilliard Jr.) her friend and co-worker was also amazed by the deliciouse looking food that she had made under five minutes. But when the food was served Chris started to freak out and throw plates around for an unknown reason; She also broke up with Tom. To pay her back for the damages, Tom tells Amanda that she can come by his store and ask for any plates she wants and he will pay for them. They soon begin to fall for each other; Tom also is falling for her food. He asks Amanda to cook for an event he will be having later and she is perfectly fine with the request. But when one night they begin kissing, they float up to the ceiling of the restaurantand Tom begins thinking that Amanda is a witch. Amanda is heartbroken and still has to do the event for him. Tom is feeling confused on what to do, but makes the right decision in the end.
tt0091877
Comedy,Crime
Ruthless millionaire Sam Stone (Danny DeVito) tells his mistress, Carol (Anita Morris), whom he is having lunch with at a trendy Los Angeles restaurant, that he intends to murder his vulgar and brash wife, Barbara (Bette Midler). Sam is greedy and grasping. He reveals to Carol that 15 years earlier, he only married Barbara for her money but her father (who was also his boss) took a long time dying. Sam thus built up a small fortune of his own but Barbara is the heiress to a much larger one of over $15 million. Furthermore he hates her choice in clothes and "modern" furniture and several of her personal quirks. However, when Sam arrives home at his and Barbara's fancy house in Bel Air, he finds the house empty. In frustration he tosses away the bottle of chloroform he intended to use to put Barbara to sleep before killing her. He then receives a phone call from an anonymous man announcing that Barbara has been kidnapped and that Sam must pay a large ransom of $500,000 or else she will be killed. She will also be killed if he informs the cops or the media. ("or else" is exactly what Sam has in mind). Before long, the house is swarming with police looking for clues to the kidnapping which is now headline news!!! The kidnappers are revealed to be Ken (Judge Reinhold) and Sandy Kessler (Helen Slater), a married couple who live in a lower class area of the San Fernando Valley and whom are both desperately poor and eager for revenge against Sam. Apparently several years earlier, Sam "made his fortune" by stealing a fashion idea from Sandy, along with the Kesslers' life savings to market it. Barbara, Sam's overweight, loud-mouthed wife, is chained in the Kessler's basement, where she proves a handful to the amateur kidnappers. She never stops yelling, cursing, or screaming at the Kesslers. Ken slapping Barbara in the face to subdue her only makes her more angry and aggressive like some wild caged animal that will not calm down. (At this point, it's no wonder why Sam wants Barbara dead.) Things go astray, however, when it becomes obvious that Sam doesn't want his wife back, and is in fact doing everything possible to goad the kidnappers into killing her. Unfortunately for him, the Kesslers, while desperate, are not about to murder anyone. The next day when Sam does not show up for the ransom drop, Ken phones him and offers to drop the ransom first from $500,000 to $50,000, then the following day to $10,000. Sam still refuses. Sam is unaware that the Kesslers are behind his wife's abduction (Sam has apparently forgotten about the Kesslers... as well as all of the other people he's scammed and ripped off over the years). But Sam is also unaware about his mistress Carol's real intentions towards him. Carol is actually a gold-digging grifter in which she and her handsome but moronic boyfriend, Earl (Bill Pullman) are planning to steal all of Sam's wealth for themselves. Believing that Sam made up about his wife's kidnapping to the public, Carol believes that Sam plans to toss his wife's dead body from the Hollywood hills at night, Carol has Earl lie in wait with a video camera. What he actually ends up filming is a rendezvous in a car between a prostitute and her john, who asks her to "make a lot of sound." The dim-witted Earl, hearing the woman's screams, mistakenly thinks the murder is happening right in front of him. Without watching the tape, Carol sends an anonymous copy to Sam, who sees the sex act captured and immediately hits on Carol as the one who sent it and announces that he is looking forward to repeating the scene with her. Terrified, she hides out with Earl at his trailer and sends another anonymous copy to police chief Henry Benton (William G. Schilling).... who happens to be the john in the video. When Carol calls him, Benton, thinking that he is being blackmailed, asks her what she wants and she says the answer should be obvious: arrest Sam Stone. The next day, Benton orders the police to conduct a search of Sam's house, planning to plant evidence in it, but he is surprised when real evidence turns up which includes the bottle of chloroform and pictures of Sam with Carol. The kidnapping investigation, led by the stuffy detectives Bender and Walters, which has actually led to Ken himself by now, is immediately called off (just when they begin to close in on the Kesslers) and Sam is arrested. The chloroform was part of Sam's plan to kill Barbara himself but he never did and now faces the dilemma of having to get his wife back in order to prove his innocence. A third complication arises when Barbara reluctantly decides to take up exercise to relieve her boredom in her cell. To her own astonishment, she loses twenty pounds in one week during her confinement. She and Sandy bond unexpectedly over this and Sandy shares several of her fashion designs with Barbara, who loves them and offers to take them worldwide. In their euphoria, Sandy decides to let Barbara go. Barbara leaves, but comes back as soon as she finds out from the newspaper about Sam's mistress which leads her to realize that he wanted her dead. Just as Barbara comes back, a serial killer, known as the Bedroom Killer (J.E. Freeman), who has been stalking the neighborhood enters the Kessler household and attacks Ken, but falls down the basement steps, breaking his neck and dying in the process. Barbara, Ken, and Sandy now hatch a plan for revenge on Sam. Now desperate to prove his wife is alive, Sam offers to pay the ransom the moment Ken calls him again. But now, armed with Barbara's inside knowledge, they have increased the ransom to precisely equal Sam's own net worth: over $2 million. Sam is outraged, but has no choice. He withdraws the cash, but begs detectives Bender and Walters to watch the drop site. They refuse, still thinking he murdered Barbara. Meanwhile, Carol, baffled as to why Sam hasn't been convicted already, goes to a video store and plays the tape in the display model. But the scene of the whore and the client is played on every TV in the shop and Chief Benton's wife, who happens to be there, recognizes her husband. When Sam goes to the bank to obtain as much of the money as possible, Benton can be seen withdrawing his own cash and with a passport, presumably in order to flee abroad. Carol realizes Earl's mistake, and that Barbara really was kidnapped. She calls Sam and learns the time and place of the ransom drop. She tells Earl to go to the place and steal the ransom money. The next day at the ransom drop to be at a local plaza in downtown Los Angeles, Sam waits with the cash (which was all from his account.) Barbara calls Sam from an office across the street instructing him to wait while yelling curses and obsanities at him claiming that the kidnappers are making her do it. She also demands that Sam also deposit his expensive gold Rolex wristwatch and a gold ring to make sure that he does not have any assets left to live on. Sam is forced to comply and she tells him that someone will arrive to pick up the money. The minute after Barbara hangs up, Ken arrives in disguise, wearing a crude clown mask and driving the serial killer's car, to demand that Sam hand over the briefcase with the case. But just when Sam does, scores of hidden police, led by Bender and Walters, arrive. Ken prevents himself from being arrested by claiming to have Barbara killed by his accomplice over a CB radio. Against Sam's protest, the police decide to let Ken go and instead "follow him home". But just then, Earl arrives with a gun to steal the ransom money from Ken. In the ensuing confusion, Earl is captured by the police, and Ken drives away in the Bedroom Killer's car, while a whole group of police cars silently follow him. Ken sees the police following him and drives his car off the end of the Santa Monica pier with the ransom cash inside. Money starts rising to the surface and people on the pier jump in to grab it. Sam yells at the police officer nearest him to stop them and pushes him in too. The police search the water and bring up the car, with the body of the serial killer inside... dressed in Ken's clothes. Sam fakes grief, but is ecstatic inside, believing that Barbara will now definitely be killed and her money is his at last. Instead, Barbara appears, telling Bender and Walters that her kidnapper (the serial killer) was insane, believing himself to have accomplices, and so she was able to escape as soon as he left. Bender and Walters walk away in satisfaction and the case is closed with Sam cleared of all criminal charges. Sam meanwhile is taken aback by how beautiful Barbara has suddenly become. As they embrace (out of eyesight of the departing police) she gives him a sound thrashing for his affair and in addition for not even trying to pay the ransom to save her, tells him that she wants a divorce and pushes him off the pier and into the water. Sam presumably swims ashore and although free and clear, is now without his money... and without his mistress Carol (whom no doubt the arrested Earl will rat out to save himself from going to jail). In the final scene, on a beach not far away, Ken emerges from the water in scuba gear, carrying the briefcase with the ransom cash. Apparently Ken hid the dead body of the serial killer in the car, and planned the switch to get away from the police. Sandy runs to meet him and embraces him lovingly and kisses him. Barbara appears, having disposed of her husband, and runs to meet Sandy and Ken and they all dance for joy on the beach with the briefcase containing the $2 million.
tt0123209
Comedy,Drama,Romance
A chauffeured car drops Dr. Radley Tate (Tom Skerritt) off at the Roselake school to pick up his daughter, Carla (Juliette Lewis). Carla is mentally handicapped and Radley is picking her up to bring her home after she's spent some time at the school. Radley holds out his arms to hug his daughter, but Carla just hands him a plastic bag partially filled with water and holding her goldfish, and she goes to hug the headmaster of the school, Dr. Johnson (Harvey Miller), instead. Dr. Johnson assures her she's ready to return home. As Radley and Carla are flying home to San Francisco, flashbacks show Carla as a little girl, having an outburst during dinner. Radley and his wife, Elizabeth (Diane Keaton), argue in the living room. Elizabeth insists that Carla needs professional help, and they enroll her in Roselake. Carla is welcomed home by her family, and her sister, Caroline (Poppy Montgomery), announces she's engaged to be married to her fiance, Jeff Reed (Joe Flanigan). Carla hands her mother a bunch of necklaces she'd made at the school; one for everyone in the family. After dinner, the family gathers in the living room (it's seen now that the Tate family is wealthy, and lives well). When Jeff mentions the subject of his doctoral dissertation, Elizabeth drops a not-so-subtle criticism of Caroline's job teaching second grade at an elementary school, despite the fact that Caroline enjoys doing it. Carla announces that she wants to finish public high school so she can become a veterinarian's assistant, but Elizabeth declines to talk about it right away. Elizabeth is seen to be a rigidly controlling mother who's not about to surrender that control even though all three of her daughters are grown. As Elizabeth leads Carla upstairs, she has a flashback to an unpleasant memory from her childhood, which shows that she can't handle being laughed at. As Elizabeth leads Carla into her room, we see that Elizabeth has redecorated it, and doesn't understand why Carla doesn't like it. Carla closes her eyes to remember her room the way it was. Trying to make it up to her daughter, Elizabeth tries to take Carla shopping, but her controlling nature continues; and she's not very opening to indulging Carla's tastes in clothing or shoes. At a meeting at an animal shelter that Elizabeth supports, Carla lets out several dogs from their enclosure. Elizabeth makes a stink about this with Radley at home, and her voice is raised to where Carla can overhear. Distraught, Carla packs a few meager belongings and runs away. The Tate housekeeper, Winnie (Juliet Mills), finds a note that Carla left behind. Police pick Carla up on the road where she'd been trying to hitchhike, and return her to Roselake, as that's the address Carla gave them. Radley and Elizabeth go to pick her up, and Dr. Johnson discusses the police report, in which Carla had complained that Elizabeth is smothering her; something Elizabeth can't understand. She protests she took Carla to the pet shelter with the hopes that Carla could get a job there, and that she enrolled Carla in a few hobby classes. So single-minded is Elizabeth in controlling Carla's life that she can't listen to Dr. Johnson trying to explain that Carla didn't like the classes. Elizabeth insists that as the mother of a developmentally disabled young woman, she knows more about what works for Carla, than Carla does. Dr. Johnson counters by explaining that despite her disability, Carla is stubbornly independent, and this trait has to be cultivated. She wants to attend a public vocational school, and Dr. Johnson is positive she can thrive there, despite Elizabeth's protests. Dr. Johnson says that giving Carla more control over her own life is the only way she'll gain dignity. Radley enrolls Carla in Bay Area Polytech, and although she finds it wondrous. she is able to keep her head on straight. She nudges a young man who also appears to be developmentally disabled, who'd nodded off while waiting in line. She attends her classes, including elementary computer use, and does her homework at home. The next day, the young man she'd nudged awake, Daniel McMahon (Giovanni Ribisi), finds her and introduces himself, and thanks her for helping him with registration. Carla's gotten out of school early and was on her way to call her father so he could pick her up, but Danny, much to her great surprise, invites her to have a soda and a burger with him. Danny takes her to a diner where a lot of bus drivers go. Danny regularly rides buses to see marching bands at college football games. He even has a job working with a marching band; although it's not a paying job, he gets to keep marshmallows that fans throw at the tubas (trying to get them into the tuba bells, as a prank). He also helps bake cookies at a bakery, and this job does pay. Carla writes some notes down, which she says she does because she wants to work one day as well. Noting the time, Carla says she has to get back to the school so she can meet her father. Danny brings her back and stuns her by talking about how he has his own apartment, living alone. Carla is amazed hearing about all the things Danny can do living on his own, and her eyes are seen lighting up. Danny says he thinks Carla would be able to do this as well, if she wanted. Carla's family celebrates her 22nd birthday, and discuss some of her latest accomplishments. Carla drops the hint there, that she might be ready to live in her own apartment. Elizabeth refuses to discuss it, instead trying to get Carla to open her presents. Getting upset, Carla gets up and goes back to her room. Radley, Caroline and the oldest sister, Heather (Sarah Paulson) all grill Elizabeth over her overbearing attitude; Heather insisting that there are increasing resources to help disabled people live independently. Coldly delivering a biting remark that Heather doesn't live at home anymore, so she doesn't get a 'vote,' Elizabeth has an outburst over how Carla is her daughter and she is going to protect her, no matter what. Radley has it out with his wife, getting angrier when she dismisses him over his having been a drunk when Carla was first enrolled at Roselake. Fed up with Elizabeth's overbearing attitude, he decides to skip dinner when Winnie announces it's ready. Distraught, Elizabeth sits and cries while Radley goes to work on his boat. Elizabeth finally joins him and tries to talk reasonably. Her fear of losing Carla so soon after she's just come home is plain on her face. Radley assures her they have to trust Carla. Elizabeth, sitting at the dinner tables, calls out to see if anyone else is going to sit and eat. Caroline, Heather and Radley all come in, wearing the necklaces Carla made for them. Winnie is also wearing hers. Elizabeth gives in and says she'll agree to Carla getting her own apartment; news that cheers Carla up in a hurry. Picking Carla up from school, Radley sees her saying goodbye to Daniel and notes that Carla likes him, although she calls him a friend instead of a boyfriend. Elizabeth takes Carla out on a walk in a park and carefully tries to broach the subject of Carla being taken advantage of by young men who are guests in the apartment she'll soon be getting. Much to her relief, Carla shows she knows how to handle it, and that she understands sex better than Elizabeth thought. Carla takes a bus and, with the aid of a map, finds her way to Danny's apartment. He plays one of his marching band CD's for her and starts to march around the room, waving a pencil like a baton. Danny is friends with the building manager, Ernie (Hector Elizondo), who's also a musician and a painter. Danny's father sends Danny's allowance checks to Ernie. The two of them watch the movie The Graduate (1967), and as it ends, Danny asks Carla if she'd like to be his girlfriend. She thinks a moment and says okay. Danny puts an arm around her carefully and just sits like that. In the meantime, a real estate agent is with Elizabeth, playing tapes of himself showing various apartments. He hesitantly says that the building managers, who are aware of Carla's condition, want to know if she'll be responsible. Elizabeth defends her daughter and says she's very adamant about wanting to be on her own. The realtor continues playing the tape, and shows an apartment that Elizabeth thinks will be perfect. Carla hurries to the bakery where Danny works to tell him the news. She moves in to the apartment in two weeks. Later, he brings her to the university where he volunteers, and introduces her to the marching band members. The bandmaster gives Danny a treat, letting him conduct one of the band's numbers. Later, Carla is talking to Heather over the phone, telling her that she's going to a dance with Danny. Heather tells her how she can get a makeover at a mall. Carla goes to one of the malls and a salesgirl says that one of the salons is giving a free makeover demonstration, but Carla finds out the hard way that it's not as free as she thinks-- they only do one half of her face; finishing the job will cost $50, which is $15 more than another mall across the way. Elizabeth cleans Carla's face up and tries to reassure her that she looks fine the way she is. Carla asks if Elizabeth will show her how to dance, and the uptight Elizabeth lets her guard down for perhaps the first time, having some real fun at it. It's Halloween, the night of the Polytechnic dance, and Carla is made up like a swan. Elizabeth is horrified at first when Danny arrives, dressed in a dog costume, and Carla introduces him as her boyfriend. But Radley reassures her and she tries to put on a brave face. At the dance, a faculty member says first quarter grades are posted downstairs. Carla and Danny go to see, and Carla is delighted to find she's passed. Danny, however, has failed, just under the passing margin, and gets very upset, frightened that Carla would think he was dumb. Carla tells him she could never think that. Carla leans in, and the two of them kiss. Radley and Elizabeth talk while sailing around San Francisco Bay. Even while she loves them, she still has criticisms about Caroline (who enjoys teaching at a job that pays less than she's capable of earning), and Heather (who is lesbian, much to Elizabeth's consternation), and how Carla wants to go out and conquer the world. Radley has to reassure her several times that the kids are all doing fine, and the whole family is doing fine. It's move-in day; Carla's first day in her new apartment. Elizabeth's overprotective nature returns and she places a number of fire extinguishers and a list of to-do things when Carla goes out near the front door. Both Radley and Carla have to tell her several times, not to worry. Carla takes some time to enjoy being on her own for the first time, laughing when a soft drink makes her burp. On a date with Danny near her apartment, Carla says she wants to be friends for a long time. But Danny comes bearing bad news: Danny's having failed classes has resulting in his father cutting off the allowance Danny was sent for the rent on his apartment, and he might be forced to move to Florida to live with his mother. Later, back at Danny's apartment, he and Carla are kissing romantically. Carla starts getting aroused; a feeling she's not familiar with. They start talking about sex and love, and Danny says he loves Carla more than either of his jobs. Carla is happy with this and says she loves Danny too. Not wanting see Danny have to leave, Carla talks to her parents, hoping for Danny to be able to move in with her. This time, however, both Radley and Elizabeth disapprove, albeit for different reasons. Elizabeth thinks Danny sees Carla as just a 'rich girl,' because the family has money. Radley thinks that Carla's feelings for Danny are a mere crush and a 'harmless flirtation,' as Radley calls it. But at Carla's apartment, it's seen that the relationship is no mere crush; Carla and Danny are reading a book on sex. Danny was hoping for his first real intimacy with Carla right away, but Carla wants to wait until Thanksgiving because the nature of the holiday will make it special in her eyes. Days pass, Carla and Danny's relationship continues, and Thanksgiving comes. Carla goes home and helps Winnie with some of the cooking. After the meal, Winnie bundles up some of the leftovers for Carla, which she brings back to her apartment and shares with Danny. Afterward, they're feeling passionate, even though scared, as this would be the first time for either of them. Danny puts on some music: the marching band number 76 Trombones. Winnie sees the look on Carla's face and knows she's in love. Elizabeth sees that Carla looks different too, although she doesn't see the why of it, the way Winnie does. Daniel gets a call from his father, and it doesn't go too well. Danny's father feels he's sent enough money to Danny and now Danny's mother should start. Danny gets drunk and Ernie tries to console him; trying to be a friend that will calm Danny's feelings. The Tate family is getting ready to go to a Christmas event at their country club. Carla is happy because Radley has consented to Carla bringing Danny as her date, but Heather isn't too pleased that she can't bring hers. Elizabeth still balks at meeting Heather's girlfriend and lover; something Heather sees as hypocritical because Eliabeth claims to support gay rights and causes. At the party, Danny admits to Carla that he's afraid of her family. Carla says that she gets scared sometimes as well, but that it's important to be brave, because then they can say what makes them comfortable. Unfortunately, Carla doesn't know that Danny had already talked about bravery with Ernie-- Ernie had told Danny it's one of the reasons people drink. Danny goes to the bar and drinks, while Jeff addresses the guests about how he met Caroline and how they'll be getting married next month. As Caroline dances with Jeff, a slightly drunk Danny marches up to the podium, grabs the mic and starts telling the guests about his love for Carla, and he wants to be able to bring her down to Florida with him if he has to move there. But, Danny then starts telling about his intimacy with Carla during Thanksgiving, even starting to sing 76 Trombones, the music he played that night. The other guests all think it's a joke and start to laugh uproariously. Carla, thinking they're laughing at her, loses control and screams at them all to stop. Carla can't stop crying and the Tates have to hurry out of the party. When Carla is alone in the limousine, Danny runs over and tries to apologize. Still heartbroken and out of control, Carla lets all her anger out and does the last thing Danny likes-- she calls him stupid, and that she doesn't want to see him again. Danny responds the only way he knows how: saying that he's also done with Carla and that she's stupid too. The Tates regroup to drive home and Radley asks a country club official to make sure a cab brings Danny safely home. Even as they ride away, Radley tries to assure Carla that Danny simply had too much to drink and didn't mean to embarrass her. Carla notices Danny's bike missing from its spot on the rack back at Polytechnic; Danny is spending time at the football stadium where the band he's friends with, plays. Danny gets on a train bound for Florida, as Carla sits by her window on a rainy night, drawing a heart in the condensation on the window. Tensions rise at a wedding rehearsal for Caroline and Jeff. Heather is still upset because Elizabeth won't let her bring her girlfriend, and Carla understands Danny has left town and she'll have no date. Caroline sees this as an intrusion on what's supposed to be the happiest day of her own life. Elizabeth desperately tries to hold the family together. On the train, Danny rambles to his seatmate about the movie The Graduate, talking about one of the subplots. He stops suddenly, a look of thought on his face, realizing it applies to his relationship with Carla. The train has stopped at Deming, and Daniel runs off and rings for the station attendant, asking to exchange his ticket so he can return to San Francisco... unaware he'd accidentally left his ticket on the train. Danny must hitchhike to get back to San Francisco, while Carla parties with Caroline and Heather in Caroline's room at the Tate house; a bachelorette party. Caroline and Heather try to cheer Carla up when she wishes to be able to see Danny again. Caroline's wedding to Jeff begins; a lavish black-tie affair in a large church. A small truck carrying a horse drops Danny off, but an usher stops him from entering the church, thinking he's a homeless person. Danny trots away and around the corner as, inside the church, rings are being exchanged. As the priest begins reciting some church material about marriage, the guests start to become aware that someone is throwing small marshmallows around. Jeff catches one in his mouth and the audience laughs. One of the marshmallows lands on Carla's bouquet, and she knows what it means. Danny has found another way to sneak into the church and is hiding in the organ balcony, throwing the marshmallows to get her attention. He swings down from one of the tapestries and Carla hugs him. Taking a moment to look at all the gawking guests, Danny raises his voice loud enough for them to all hear, asking Carla to marry him. Carla says yes. There's a brief moment of applause before Elizabeth takes charge, apologizing to the guests and saying Carla and Daniel will join the guests on the pews so that Caroline's wedding can be concluded. The wedding ceremony finishes and the reception begins. Carla approaches Elizabeth to ask if it's time to plan a second wedding. But yet again, Elizabeth tries to argue with Carla-- not a good idea with Carla being as stubborn as she is once she puts her mind to something. Raising her voice that her eyes are not closed, Carla storms out of the reception hall; Elizabeth running after her. Finally fed up, Carla puts a foot down with her mother, seizing control of her own life once and for all, telling Elizabeth that she'll plan her wedding to Danny by herself, and Elizabeth doesn't have to come if she's so set on seeing Carla find a better person. Carla says she and Danny are who they are, and Carla can't play tennis or paint art, but she can love... and she and Danny are in love. Refusing to stay for the rest of the reception, Carla runs home. Carla knows that in order to do the wedding the way she wants, she and Danny have to pay for it themselves. They make an agreement with the priest of a smaller church. The wedding will be less formal than Carolines, and aside from inviting Caroline and Heather, Carla invites some of her friends from Polytechnic. Much to Heather's delight, Carla tells her to bring her girlfriend as her date. Radley wasn't at breakfast, because Carla asked him to give a pep talk to Danny, including responsibility and bravery (without drinking). As Elizabeth pointedly leafs through a magazine, Radley tells her he's going to the wedding. Carla wouldn't accept any of her parents' money to cover the wedding's costs, but Radley will be there to walk Carla down the aisle. The number of guests at Carla's wedding is small; aside from Caroline, Heather, Winnie, Jeff, Heather's girlfriend Michelle (Tracy Reiner), and a few of Carla's friends from school, there's Ernie, Danny's mother and her boyfriend, his boss from the bakery and a few of his friends. Ernie plays guitar and sings, 'At Last' by Etta James. Radley walks Carla down the aisle. Instead of an organist, a radio plays the wedding march theme on tape. Carla and Danny have decided to speak their own vows. Carla accidentally slips up, saying she takes Danny for her wife. But Danny and the priest reassure her and she continues with the vows. Carla and Danny are so enthusiastic they can't wait for the kiss; the priest having to gently remind them to exchange the rings and let him make the pronunciation of them as husband and wife. The wedding has just concluded when Carla turns, looking down the aisle. Elizabeth has shown up. Carla is very happy to introduce Danny to Elizabeth as her husband. Elizabeth seems to have finally started to learn how to put a leash on her parenting nature and accepts a hug from Danny, welcome him to the family. Heather is also able to introduce Michelle to Elizabeth face to face. As Danny and Carla get into the wedding car, Danny calls for everyone to wait a few seconds. The sound of drums comes into hearing. The college marching band comes marching down the street in full dress regalia, playing 76 Trombones; Danny's present to Carla. Carla smiles in delight and kisses Danny. Radley and Elizabeth wave goodbye as their daughter, and her new husband, ride off.
tt1043726
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
In 1200 BC ancient Greece, King Amphitryon of Tires invades the shores of Argos. The two massive armies face each other, prepared for battle. Amphitryon strikes a bargain with the rival King Galenus: the two will fight to the death, to the victor goes his adversary's kingdom and army. The two engage in combat and Amphitryon easily defeats Galenus and seizes his kingdom. That night, Amphitryon is visited by his estranged wife, Queen Alcmene. Amphitryon boasts he won the kingdom for her while Alcmene protests he won the kingdom for himself and its gold. Alcmene is disgusted by her husband's thirst for power and warmongering. She prays to Hera for guidance. A woman appears declaring herself to be Hera, wife of Zeus, and prophesies that Alcmene will bear the son of Zeus and he will be the savior of her people. The only other witness to this is Chiron, the queen's loyal adviser. That night, as Amphitryon celebrates his victory, Alcmene is fucked by Zeus. She is discovered by Amphitryon who believes the Queen has taken a mortal lover. Alcmene soon gives birth to a healthy baby boy whom his father names Alcides, but she secretly acknowledges his true name: Hercules. Twenty years later, a strong and handsome Hercules/Alcides rides along the countryside with his love, Hebe. They frolic along the shore of a secluded lake. Alcides admires Hebe's necklace which was given to her by her mother; she in turn bestows the necklace to Alcides. The two are discovered by Alcides' older brother, Iphicles. A search party was dispatched to look for Hebe, a princess of Crete. Hebe returns to the palace along with her guard while Alcides and Iphicles follow. Along the way, the two are attacked by a lion. Alcides wrestles with the lion, strangling it. Iphicles takes all the credit and arrives at the royal banquet wearing the lion's pelt as a cloak. He attempts to humiliate Alcides, calling him a coward but Hebe sees right through him. At the banquet Amphitryon announces the engagement of Hebe and Iphicles. The two lovers are devastated and decide to run away together. They are chased down by the royal guard and Hebe nearly drowns before being saved by Alcides. Alcides is taken back to the palace and is sent away by his father to join a campaign of soldiers to Egypt. As Alcides prepares for his journey, Alcyone tells him of his true lineage. Alcides believes it is madness and departs for his journey vowing to return to Hebe in three moons before her impending nuptials. Alcides, under the command of Captain Sotiris, traverses the arid Egyptian desert. Sotiris sends two scouts ahead to scour the desert but they never return. The company is ambushed, leaving Alcides and Sotiris as the last survivors. The leader of the ambush recovers Alcides' helmet and demands to know where the prince is. Sotiris gestures to the body of a slain soldier, saying he is Alcides. Alcides refers to himself as Hercules to protect his identity. It is revealed that Amphitryon planned the ambush in hopes of killing Hercules. The two are sold off as slaves to a vicious promoter who organizes gladiator style fights. Sotiris and Hercules fight to death with other slaves and soon become undefeated. Sotiris and Hercules convince the promoter to send them to Greece in order to fight in an arena battle in which two gladiators fight six undefeated gladiators. If the promoter were to bet on Hercules and Sotiris he would have riches beyond his wildest dreams. The promoter agrees to take Sotiris and Hercules if they are able to defeat two other gladiators, Half Face and Humbaba. The four are thrown into an arena, with narrow stone paths divided by pits studded with spikes. Hercules defeats Half Face and Humbaba but Sotiris is injured. The promoter refuses to take Sotiris, since he will be useless in battle but Hercules convinces him to set Sotiris free and he will fight all six gladiators himself. Back in Greece, Alcmene and Hebe mourn the death of Hercules. Alcmene once again seeks guidance from Hera. Amphitryon discovers her and confronts her about Hercules' parentage. She reveals she took Zeus as her lover so that she would bear the child that would overthrow him, after which she tries to stab Amphitryon, but fails. In anger, Amphitryon stabs Alcmene with her own dagger. Chiron discovers them and Amphitryon tells him the Queen committed suicide in her grief. Meanwhile, Hercules arrives in Greece and easily beats the six gladiators in battle. The people celebrate his victory and deserters of Amphitryon's army join him and Sotiris. Chiron brings Hercules' news of his mother, who vows to avenge her death. Sotiris and Hercules seek refuge in the home of the human vessel of Hera, who foretells Hercules' destiny. Hebe is in anguish after the death of Alcides and dreads her wedding to Iphicles, in just two moons. She tries to leap off the roof of the palace but is saved by Chiron who brings her to Hercules. The two are reunited and return to Hercules' safe-house. Amphitryon's army begins to desert him, forcing him to hire foreign mercenaries. Hercules and Sotiris begin a fight against Amphitryon's campaign of tyranny, angering Amphitryon who seeks to destroy them. Iphicles, aided by the mercenaries, murders Sotiris' wife and uses his son as a bargaining chip. He must lead them to Hercules or his son will die. Sotiris reluctantly leads them to the safe-house. Iphicles discovers that Hercules is none other than his brother Alcides. Hercules, Chiron, and Hebe are captured. Sotiris and Chiron are imprisoned while Hercules is chained and publicly flogged. Sotiris and Chiron are brought before the crowd. Hercules watches on in horror as Iphicles murders Chiron under Amphitryon's orders. In anguish he acknowledges his father and calls upon him for strength. Hercules breaks free from his chains and crushes Amphitryon's guard. Amphitryon and Iphicles escape. Hercules and Sotiris raise an army and storm Amphitryon's palace. Amphitryon's guard join Hercules and his army and they battle Amphitryon's mercenaries. Hercules calls upon his father who infuses his sword with the power of lightning. Hercules easily defeats the mercenaries with his lightning sword. He meets Amphitryon inside and the two duel. Hercules nearly defeats Amphitryon but Iphicles holds Hebe hostage and threatens to kill her if Hercules does not let Amphitryon go. Hercules hesitates but Hebe thrusts the dagger through her shoulder, killing Iphicles. Hercules finally avenges Alcmene's death and kills Amphitryon with the same blade that killed his mother. Hercules rushes to Hebe's side as she slowly drifts into unconsciousness. Nearly a year later, the cries of a baby are heard. Hebe gives birth to a beautiful baby boy. Hercules looks on lovingly at his new family. That night, he watches over his kingdom, finally fulfilling his destiny.
tt0210234
Animation,Action,Adventure
The film takes place in the centre of the Orange Islands Archipelago, on the island Shamouti and neighbouring islands occupied by the Legendary Birds, Moltres, Zapdos, and Articuno, who are said to keep the balance of nature in check. An eccentric collector named Lawrence III arrives in the Orange Islands to fulfil an ancient prophecy, now deemed a legend by the locals. The legend is as follows: Disturb not the harmony of fire, ice, or lightning, Lest these titans wreak destruction upon the world in which they clash. Though the waters great guardian shall arise to quell the fighting, Alone its song will fail, thus the Earth will turn to ash. OChosen One, into thine hands bring together all three. Their treasures combined tame the Beast of the Sea. Lawrence believes the Beast of the Sea is the fourth Legendary Bird, Lugia, which dwells in the ocean near the three islands. Lawrence plots to capture Moltres, Zapdos, and Articuno in order to lure out Lugia and add it to his collection. Setting out in his enormous flying fortress, Lawrence approaches Fire Island where Moltres lives and bombs it with blasts of ice. Moltres emerges but is quickly captured by Lawrences unique aerial, electric rings that double as cages. After the opening titles, the story catches up with protagonists Ash Ketchum, Misty, and Tracey as they travel by boat through the islands. They decide to release their Pokémon, but a powerful storm kicks up, sending them miles off course and find themselves off the coast of Shamouti. Team Rocket, a trio of criminals who follow the children to capture Pikachu, are also caught in the storm and crash their Magikarp-shaped submarine into a cliff face. Numerous Pokémon including Pikachu are disturbed by the odd weather and start travelling to the Orange Islands. In Pallet Town, Ashs mother Delia and scientist Professor Oak, also encounter a flurry of bizarre weather patterns. Ash and co. dock on Shamouti and are quickly approached by the locals who are celebrating their annual festival related to the legend. One of the locals Carol recognises the captain of the kids boat Maren, being old friends. Carol was once the festival maiden, which has been taken over by her younger sister Melody, who is not interested by the traditions of the island. When the locals learn Ash is a Pokémon trainer, they celebrate, and an island elder approaches Ash and selects him to be the festivals chosen one as per the legend. Melody gives Ash a welcome kiss, much to Mistys jealousy. Ash and co. attend a party at a temple where Melody appears in her role as the maiden and plays a signature tune on an ocarina. Melody approaches Ash and informs him of his role in the festivities he is to travel to the islands of the Legendary Birds, also referred to as Titans, and collect three glass balls that represent the birds power. He then brings them to the islands shrine where Melody celebrates by playing the song from before, which is associated with Lugia. Ash is eager to go, but Melody tells him to relax and do it the next day. Pikachu has other ideas, stealing Ashs hat and runs out to the dock, followed by Ash and Maren. Team Rocket sail the remains of their submarine to shore but watch Ash and Pikachu race by on Marens boat. Meanwhile, Delia and Professor Oak watch a news report which describes the climate and weather are being effected worldwide and the disturbances centre around the Orange Islands. Oak receives a phone call from fellow scientist Professor Ivy who informs him the Pokémon in her care are acting strangely. Concerned for Ashs safety, Melody decides to go and find him, and is accompanied by Misty and Tracey, with Team Rocket sneaking onboard Melodys boat. Ash, Pikachu and Maren are caught in an ocean storm but manage to make it to Fire Island in one piece. Pikachu races on ahead and Ash follows. Melodys boat is also thrown around in the storm and Team Rocket are sent flying to Fire Island by the strong winds. Ash and Pikachu find the islands shrine in the middle of the dormant volcano, where Pikachu points out the ancient sphere Ash needs, which glows red when Ash pulls it from the shrine. Team Rocket appear, but their motto is interrupted when Melodys boat flies through the air and lands in the volcano. Zapdos suddenly appears and lands in the volcano. Pikachu uses some form of electrical communication to speak with Zapdos, and Meowth translates, with Zapdos proclaiming that he intends on ruling Fire Island in Moltres absence. Lawrences airship arrives and drains Zapdos of its electrical power, capturing it, along with our heroes. Lawrence is surprised but charmed to find he has captured Ash and co., and frees them within the lower half of the ship whilst he goes to capture Articuno. Melody notices an ancient ruin describing the legend and realises it is actually happening. Ash and co. decide to free Moltres and Zapdos to avert the prophecys continuation, using their Pokémon to blow up the cages containing them. However, Moltres and Zapdos attack each other than bring down Lawrences airship, which crashlands on Lightning Island. Ash and co. escape, collecting the second sphere in the process. As the three Legendary Birds clash overhead, Ashs group escape on Melodys boat and are carried across the ocean to Shamouti by a water spout. The boat is flung onto the island, but the children escape before it falls down the cliff face. The children find themselves on the islands shrine where they meet its guardian Slowking, who speaks English. He points Ash to the shrines centre where he places the first two treasures. The Legendary Birds approach the shrine only for the water spout to rise again and reveals Lugia. Lugia battles the other Birds but is defeated and plunges into the ocean. Delia, Professor Oak, and Professor Ivy travel to Shamouti via helicopter with a news crew. Oak explains the theory that because the balance of power between the Legendary Birds has been disrupted, an underwater current has formed and could ultimately flood the planet, revealing that it is the Beast of the Sea rather than Lugia. Ivy comments that the Pokémon are reacting to the climate change and are heading to the Orange Islands by instinct. The helicopter eventually is caught in the storm and crashlands on Shamouti, though the passengers survive. Ash and co. watch the Pokémon gather around the island, and Slowking reveals that the prophecys line about the world turning to ash is not literal but rather the Chosen One is none other than Ash, which everyone. Ash backs away, believing saving the world is beyond him, but Misty, Tracey and Melody encourage him to try anyway. Melody realises the song from the legend is connected to Lugia and plays it on her ocarina, reviving Lugia, who telepathically speaks to them. Lugia tells Ash that he must retrieve the third sphere from Ice Island to end the chaos. Ash is reluctant but his Pokémon rally to his side to aid him. Ash sets off, using a part of Melodys wrecked boat to act as a sleigh, using his Pokémon to pull him safely across the frozen sea with Lugia escorting him. However, Ashs journey is threatened by the Legendary Birds who block his path. Team Rocket utilise a rubber dingy and part of the helicopter to create a hovercraft and pick Ash and Pikachu up, commenting they dont want to the world to end since there would be no one left to steal from. Ash and Team Rocket race across Ice Island until they arrive at the shrine where Ash finds the third treasure. Moltres, Zapdos, and Articuno attack, with the first two rendering Articuno unconscious. With their hovercraft destroyed, Ash, Pikachu, and Team Rocket down the side of the island and are rescued by Lugia. Pursued by Moltres and Zapdos, Team Rocket realise they are dragging Lugia down and sacrifice themselves to let Ash get to Shamouti, but land in the ocean safely. Lawrence sends more of his flying rings to capture Lugia, who uses its Aeroblast attack to defeat Moltres, Zapdos, and Lawrences rings but plunges into the ocean and falls unconscious. Worried about Ash, Misty swims out into the sea and rescues her friends with help from Tracey. Misty and Tracey awaken Ash who makes his way up to the shrine where he is greeted by Melody and Slowking. Ash places the third treasure into the shrine, causing the shrines pillars to crystallise and glowing water to spill out of it. Realising the song is required, Melody joins Ash on the shrine and plays the tune on her ocarina. Accompanied by a full orchestra rendition of the theme, the green water spreads out across the ocean, reviving Moltres, Zapdos, Articuno, and Lugia, and ends the storms. Lugia takes Ash and Pikachu on a flight around the islands with the other Birds, until the underwater current rises from the ocean, taming it as per the legend. As the song ends, the current sinks back into the water and the Birds return peacefully to their islands. Melody collapses to her knees in exhaustion, now embracing the traditions of her island. At sunset, Lugia bids farewell to Ash, complimenting that the fate of the world couldnt have been in better hands before diving into the sea. Delia, Professor Oak, Professor Ivy, and the news crew arrive, with Delia scolding Ash for getting into trouble again. Misty tells her of Ashs heroics, but Delia admits her worries about Ash, particularly with what has happened, but acknowledges he is a Pokémon Trainer and asks him to save the world a little closer to home. Ash agrees and thanks his mother for her support. Elsewhere, Lawrence finds a card of Mew that started off his collection, and he decides to abandon his goals and begin again with just the card. The next day, Team Rocket make it back to the shrine but lament that even though they were heroes, no one saw what they did. Slowking appears, telling them that many people saw what they did, breaking the fourth wall and acknowledges the audiences presence. Team Rocket are thrilled they are not evil after all but fall into bickering about whether or not they should remain in Team Rocket or start a new syndicate, only to realise they would have to steal money to fund one to begin with.
tt0418647
Drama,Family,Sport
A down-and-out horse trainer is given an equally broken-down, but once great racehorse, as severance pay. It will take the unwavering faith and determination of his daughter to bring these two damaged souls together in a quest to win the Breeder's Cup Classic.
tt0264508
Fantasy,Horror,Mystery
Paul Marsh is a wealthy stock market Tycoon in bad need of a vacation so, at the suggestion of his girlfriend, Barbara, they set out for the shores of Italy to explore the country where's Paul's family came from with the hopes of Paul learning more about his mother's hometown (which she always refused to talk about) while relaxing and taking in the sea air with their middle-aged friends Viki and Howard. Things are going well for them, the seas have been fine and though Paul has been plagued with frightening dreams of swimming with a beautiful black-haired, green eyed mermaid, everyone is having a grand time. Then, suddenly, as they are passing the little fishing village of Imbocca, a storm blows up, dashing the boat against the rocks. Vikki is trapped in the bottom of the boat in her bedroom, her leg broken and bleeding, trapped between the rocks and some of the splintered boat. Paul and Barbara take a life raft ashore to get help for Viki while Paul stays behind to try to help her stave off blood loss and hypothermia. At the docks, Barbara's talent for speaking Italian comes in handy as a gruff fisherman gives them directions to the local hotel and, hopefully, a telephone where they can call for help.The town is eerily quiet as they reach the hotel, though Barbara is too focused on saving her friend to care. Once at the hotel, a sickly pale man informs Barbara that there is no phone at the desk and asks her to come to the back, offering Paul a room for he and Barbara to stay in until help arrives. Paul accepts the room and heads upstairs only to find everything is disgustingly old and dirty in the room. Still, he waits there for Barbara. As he waits, he looks out the window and sees the streets filling with strange people, some limping, some grunting, all of them shouting in Italian, all of them not quite human, and all of them coming his way! He runs to his room door and locks it as best as he can, bolting it shut as the sounds of the villagers coming up the stairs can be heard. As the villagers turn the door handle, they realize the door is locked and begin to shout in an angry fashion as they pound on the door to break it down. Paul escapes though the bathroom window, falling through a thin roof, landing hard on a pile of unfinished leather. Finding himself in a derelict warehouse/leather tannery, he pulls himself to his feet and begins to limp around, looking for the exit. While searching for the door he finds out what the villages are tanning: human skin! Terrified, Paul bolts towards the door as fast as he can with his hurt leg, only to have it slide open. Paul hides behind one of the stretched human skins as the villages limp, walk, shuffle and drag themselves in. Their pale, dappled skins and vacant eyes seem inhuman as do their harsh, gurgling voices. Paul is forced to fight off several of the villagers who find him by lighting some of the skins on fire. As the villagers run to snuff out the flames, carrying away their precious human leather, Paul escapes by pretending to be a villager carrying out leather and flees down an alleyway. In the alleyway Paul is confronted by a drunk old human man. With a thick Italian accent he explains to Paul that he is the last Human in all Imbocca and tells Paul of the Rise of Dagon. Long ago Imbocca was a great fishing port. Then, suddenly, one day the fish stopped coming in and nobody could find out why. The people prayed and prayed but no fish came. Then one day, a strange man come to the village and told the people of Imbocca that their god was a false god that had deserted them and that if they followed him, he would show them a REAL god who would answer their prayers. the people at first ignored the stranger, but, as money and food ran thin, a small handful of men followed the stranger to the sea to watch him ask his god, Dagon, for help. The stranger put on a strange golden crown and stood by the sea, chanting a prayer in an alien tongue, calling upon Dagon for help. The next day, the shores were covered in seashells, starfish, and other items made of gold. The villagers couldn't believe their eyes! The town was rich and the fishing was good again, but the old man's parents didn't trust this new god and refused to share in the treasures from the sea. The stranger led the people of the town in killing their old priest and overhauling their church into a temple to Dagon. Now everyone was expected to worship Dagon and the entire town joined the stranger in his strange prayers... everyone except the old man and his parents, that is.The stranger, who had become the head of the temple to Dagon as well as the town mayor, noticed this lack of prayer and questioned the old man's parents in the church on it, demanding that they pray to Dagon. They refused and were killed. The boy was too frightened to speak, and so the temple head tore off the boy's cross necklace and blessed him in the name of Dagon before continuing the service. One day the fish stopped as did the gold, and the people asked why Dagon has forsaken him. Was it because they were not praying enough? No, it was because Dagon wanted sacrifices. Women were to be given to Dagon, not to be killed, but to be mated with, so his children would populate the town. Over time, between the breeding with Dagon and his children and the blessings of Dagon, all of Dagon's followers became fish-like so that one day they could serve their master in the sea. As the only person of the town not either a child of Dagon by faith or blood, the old man had remained human and was now the last man in Imbocca. The only reason he was not killed and skinned was because the townfolk considered him just a harmless old drunk, and had decided to leave him alone as he was no threat. Paul begins to panic realizing what will befall Barbara and Vickie, and begs the old man to take him to where they would be held to rescue them. The old man at first refuses, but eventually is persuaded to help. Using the old man as a stall tactic, Paul sneaks into the Mayor's manor where he is captured and is bound (along with the old man), and thrown into an old barn where he is reunited with Vickie and Barbara. Barbara is fine, but Vickie is shaken. When Paul asks why, Vickie mutters something half unintelligible about a strange creature attacking her in the boat, killing Howard and doing something to her. Paul is confused so the old man tries to put it gently to him. "He... err... took her...", the old man slurs. Paul still is confused. "He... FUCKED her!", the old man says, frustrated, and Paul begins to look frightened. Paul begins cutting the other loose with his pocket knife, succeeding just as their captors arrive. Vickie steals Paul's knife and holds it to her stomach, shouting that she is going to kill herself. Her captors try to talk her out of it, saying what an honor it is to be bearing Dagon's child, but Vickie is not swayed. She kills herself with the knife, and, in the confusion, Paul and the old man manage to kill one guard and subdue another before being recaptured by the guards' backup. Paul and the old man are taken into a barn and chained where a cruel-looking man is sharpening thin skinning knives. He tells them what an honor it will be for them to die and be used as ritual masks. They both are given one last chance to repent and join their worship of Dagon. The old man spits in the skinner's face and begins to recite the Lord's Prayer. Paul also refuses. The old man is skinned alive, still praying, and bleeds to death. Paul is next, when someone comes up and tells the skinner not to kill Paul but to instead take him into the house. Peeved, the skinner obeys. Paul is taken into the house and tries to scape again, fleeing down the hallways into the first door he can open, closing it behind him. In the dark there is a gasp as a lamp is turned on, revealing a beautiful woman who looks just like the Mermaid from Paul's dream! From the hallway there is a knock and a harsh gurgling voice asks if everything is OK as the girl's light is on and he heard her gasp. The girl replies, "No, papa. I am fine. It was only a dream.", and there is the sound of someone limping away. Paul tries to refuse her, but he finds her irresistible as she beckons him closer. The two begin to kiss until Paul uncovers her legs to reveal a set of squid-like tentacles. Horrified, Paul pulls away from her. "No! Please... stay... stay with me! Please!!" she begs, calling out to him as he runs back down the hallway, writhing her tentacles as if reaching out to him. Paul narrowly escapes the house pursued by the obviously inhuman villagers by hot wiring an old car, which ends up running off the road after hitting one of the fish men near an old house. Paul ducks into an old flooded house to hide only to find it occupied by a human-looking little boy. The little boy begins to shout in a language Paul doesn't understand an a HUGE, strong fish man comes up from the water to try to kill him as the boy cheers. The fish man tries to drown Paul in the toilet, and Paul retaliates by grabbing the cover to the back of the toilet and smashing it against the fish man's head. The fish man falls into the water, unconscious or dead, as the boy rushes to his side, begging him to get up. Paul escapes into the town and begins to look for a way to rescue Barbara. Guessing that the villagers intend to sacrifice her, he finds a can of Kerosene and heads to the church. The church is empty, but a gust of wind alerts Paul to a hidden passageway. Paul descends deep into dark, wet tunnels where he finds fish men in human-skin masks dancing around an open pit with Barbara, wearing golden ceremonial jewelry and nothing else, is suspended by chains. after a few moments, the squid girl from the bedroom is carried in on an ornate stretcher by two fish men. The squid girl reveals herself to be a priestess and now is dressed in ornate ceremonial garb including the same headdress worn by the Stranger in the old man's story. The priestess begins to lead a chant to Dagon and Cthulu as Barbara is lowered into the pit which is revealed to contain murky black water at it's bottom. Paul, taking a lighter from his pocket, runs out and begins to douse the fish men in kerosene, lighting them on fire with his lighter. They scream and run around in confusion, lighting each their on fire, while the priestess looks on in horror, begging Paul to stop. In the confusion, the winch lowering Barbara is let go of and she begins to swiftly plummet towards the murky water. Paul runs to the Winch, catching it, as he slowly begins to pull Barbara out of the water. The Fish men, snapping out of their confusion, surround paul with knives, ready to kill him. From the back of the gathering, a large man with a heavy limp plods out with a crutch. He wears a human skin mask and has one leg as a tentacle. "Stop...", he says with the same voice as Paul heard from within the hallway, "He is... my son..." "Long ago...", the priestess explains to Paul, "He was young and handsome for a man. He brought women to Imbocca... including your mother. You are my brother, now you will be my lover..." Paul keeps cranking up the wench only to learn he got there too late. Now covered in a thick black substance, Barbara begs him to just let her die. At first he refuses, but the priestess begins to explain how Barbara is now part of Dagon, and so he lets Barbara go into the deep. Turning to the priestess with eyes full of Anger, Paul douses himself in Kerosene and lights himself on fire. The Priestess shouts "No!", then leaps onto Paul, knocking them both into the water. Once underwater, gills open up in Paul's neck and sides. The priestess smiles, swimming around him just like the mermaid in the dream. Now realizing that he is one of them, Paul takes her hand, smiling, and swims with her into an intricately carved tunnel under the sea. The screen fades to black and this quote appears. "We shall swim out to that brooding reef in the sea and dive down through black abysses to Cyclopean and many columned Y'ha-nthlei, and in that lair of the Deep Ones we shall dwell amidst wonder and glory for ever."
tt0368667
Animation,Action,Adventure
Space wizard hires interplanetary mercenaries to kidnap alien smurf rock stars. Said rock stars are held captive using brainwashing, cognitive implants, and cosmetic surgery; guarded by cyborgs. Super fan-boy jumps into his space guitar and follows mercenaries to Earth, and lives amongst the downtrodden as he waits for a chance to rescue them. Chance comes in a super concert funded by the space wizard, in which the fan-boy glides down in a jet glider and shoots cognitive implants off the alien smurf rock stars. All but the female are saved and the band runs off, (Space wizard holds up a super arm to block the shot of the fan-boy, and keeps the device from being William Tell'd off of her). As the band escapes they are pursued and shot at by the cyborgs. A stray lazer bullet is deflected by one of the aliens, and hits the fan-boy. Cyborgs can't drive and run into a semi, kersploding their car, and causing them to survive all Terminator style. The female is then whisked away and forced to dress pretty at various events. She is saved by the rock stars while the artists of the soundtrack are defeated in musical kombat. Being taken to their alien hideout, she is introduced to the fan-boy, and he shows off toys of their alien smurf rock star selves. Alien smurf rock stars are all WTF, and his psychotropic blood causes a hallucination, in which he and the female trip out and shows what a date would have been like (enter best song on the album). Fan-boy dies, and sadness ensues. They go out into the world, free from the space wizard, and bury the fan-boy under a tree. Fan-boy evolves into naked ghost fan-boy. Driving along she finds a clear card invitation to an address not far from where they are. The go inside and discover it's the space wizards house. Inside they find the story of the space wizard, and realize he's all super evil, and old. They are captured, and taken to the basement, where they find the machine he was going to use to gain control of the universe. Placing the female into the machine, as well as their number one gold record, (the one they defeated the soundtrack artists with), the space wizard prepares to He-man it up. Luckily the rest of the band fights back and overpowers their old cyborg guards, causing the space wizard to fall down a big hole, and them to be able to escape. They learn where their old identities are, and send the black guy in to steal them back for everyone. He's stopped by the security guards of the building the identity discs are in, and hospitalized. He re-blues, and the nice record exec helps him and the rest of the band to find out who they are. The people of Earth love the alien smurf rock stars, and send them to space. As they are going through the wormhole (no Morgan Freeman) they are attacked by a pissed off space wizard spirit. Naked ghost fan-boy counter attacks, and defeats the space wizard in immortal kombat. Alien smurf rock stars make it to their part of space, but being alien smurf rock stars, and not smurfstronauts, they don't know where to go. They say "fuck this" and proceed to do the only thing they know how to do, and rock out. Alien smurf space traffic control overhears their jam session, and go to rescue them. Happiness reigns supreme.
tt0102915
Action,Comedy,Crime
Chris Kenner (Dolphn Lundgren) is a detective working in LA's Little Tokyo. He busts in on an illegal kickboxing operator Tanaka (Philip Tan), but a rival gang led by Sato (Toshiro Obata), attacks and captures Tanaka. Kenner leaps over the getaway car, but loses them. Later, in a Chinese restaurant, Kenner sees the thugs and attacks them. He is hampered by the arrival of Johnny Murata (Brandon Lee), who mistakes him for a criminal. Murata is Kenner's new partner, apparently. They arrest the remaining thug. During questioning, Kenner sees the thug's tattoo and realizes he's Yakuza. He has a flashback to the murder of his parents, apparently by a Yakuza member. The thug breaks his own neck. A mob boss kills Tanaka by crushing his car with him in it. At a party, boss Yoshida (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) questions Angel (Renee Griffin) about her tipping Tanaka off, then decapitates her. Kenner talks to the coroner later, and she explains that Angel had enough Ice (an illegal drug) in her to kill her. Kenner and Murata go to one of Tanaka's club, and find out the club has come under ownership. They see Minako Okeya (Tia Carrere) and question her about Angel. She doesn't want to talk, though. Thugs arrive and Kenner and Murago take them out. Sato stops them with a gun and takes them to see Yoshida. Kenner recognizes him as his parent's murderer, but since they're surrounded by goons with guns, he and Murata leave. The next day, Kenner and Murata follow Yoshida to a beer brewery, where Yoshida is importing and distributing Ice. Later, Yoshida shows Okeya a video of Angel's death and takes her hostage. Kenner and Murata see her preparing for suicide, and Kenner goes to rescue her, leaving Murata to trail the departing Yoshida. Kenner wipes out the goons guarding Okeya and rescues her. He lifts a car on its size and shoots it to make it explode, then drives off with Okeya. Yoshida swears vengeance. Kenner and Murata accost Yoshida and his goons in a bathhouse and beat the crap out them. Yoshida gets away, and Kenner and Murata flee the cops. They take Okeya to a remote cabin for protection, and Kenner sleeps with her. The bad guys show up again, and a battle ensues, Murata with guns and Kenner with knives and a crossbow. Sato captures Okeya, and Kenner gives up. Kenner and Murata escape torture, but get stuck in a car crusher, escaping in secret at the last minute. Yoshida starts shipping his drug-laden beer, but Kenner and Murata attack the brewery, spoiling the deal in progress. The good guys shoot the bad guys, Murata beats up Sato, and Kenner faces off with Yoshida, both with lots of fire. Kenner finally kills Yoshida in a swordfight, getting revenge for his parents. End.
tt2494362
Drama,Horror,Western
In the 1890s, two drifters, Purvis and Buddy make a living killing and robbing travelers. Spooked by the sound of approaching horses, they hide in the hills and encounter a Native American burial site. Buddy is attacked and killed by unseen attackers, and Purvis escapes. Eleven days later, Purvis arrives in the small town of Bright Hope and buries his stolen belongings. Chicory, the town's elderly backup deputy, spots him and reports to Sheriff Franklin Hunt. At the town's saloon, Hunt confronts Purvis. When asked his name, Purvis hesitates before giving the name "Buddy" in an attempt to hide his identity. Sheriff Hunt shoots Purvis in the leg when he tries to escape. Hunt sends John Brooder, a local educated man and known womanizer who witnesses the shooting, to fetch the town's doctor. Meanwhile, foreman Arthur O'Dwyer rests at home with a broken leg. His wife Samantha, the doctor's assistant, tends to his wound. As the doctor is drunk, Brooder calls Samantha and escorts her to the jail to treat Purvis's wound. Leaving Samantha with Purvis and his deputy Nick, Hunt and the others return home. That night, at a stable house, a stable boy is murdered by unseen attackers. The murder is reported to Hunt, who investigates the scene and finds the horses missing. The jail is empty and only an arrow is left behind. Hunt calls a local Native American man to examine the arrow, and informs Arthur of the news. At the saloon, the Native American man links the arrow to a troglodyte clan. He tells Hunt of the clan's dwelling place, "Valley of the Starving Men", and warns him that they are a group of cannibalistic savages. Certain that Samantha, Nick and Purvis had been captured by them, Hunt prepares to go after them with Arthur. Chicory and Brooder volunteer to accompany them. Days into their ride, two Mexican strangers stumble across their camp. Fearing they are scouts for a raid, Brooder kills them and they set up a cold camp elsewhere to avoid being attacked. During the night, a group of raiders ambush them, where the raiders injure Brooder's horse and steal the rest. Brooder, wounded by an attacker, regretfully puts down his horse. After a day of walking, a fight breaks out between Brooder and Arthur, exacerbating Arthur's broken leg. Chicory sets his leg and leaves him behind to recover, while he, Hunt, and Brooder move on. At the valley, the three men are injured by a volley of arrows. After killing two attackers, Hunt and Chicory retreat, leaving Brooder, who is seriously injured. Brooder kills one attacker before being killed himself. The cannibals capture Hunt and Chicory, and imprison them in their cave. The white men find Samantha and an injured Nick, imprisoned in a nearby cage. They witness Nick being removed from his cell, stripped, scalped, cut apart and consumed. Samantha estimates the number of hostile cannibals to be around 12 (reduced to nine earlier by Hunt's posse). Hunt realizes he has some opium tincture he confiscated from Arthur earlier to prevent him from overusing it. They lure several tribesmen to drink it, however only one drinks a fatal dose and another becomes unconscious. Meanwhile, Arthur wakes up, follows the men's trail and discovers the valley. He kills two tribesmen and notices an object embedded in their windpipes. After cutting one out, he realizes it is like a whistle. He blows on it, luring another tribesman close, then kills him. In the cave, realizing two of their men were poisoned, the tribe leader grows angry. He and another tribesman pull Hunt from his cell, cut open his stomach and shove the hot opium flask into the wound. The leader then takes Hunt's rifle and shoots his arm and stomach. Arthur arrives and kills one of the tribesmen, while Hunt kills the leader with one the tribe's bone tomahawks. Arthur frees Samantha and Chicory, while a mortally wounded Hunt stays behind with his rifle. He prepares to kill the surviving cannibals when they return, to prevent them from chasing after them and terrorizing Bright Hope. As the three leave the cave, they see two pregnant females, who are blinded and have all their limbs amputated. At a distance from the cave, they hear three gunshots, implying that sheriff Hunt may have killed the remaining males of the tribe. Chicory acknowledges the gunshots with a half-hearted smile. Tired, hurt, and with few supplies, the three survivors begin the journey towards home.
tt2639254
Drama,Romance
Reunited for the first time since Sense and Sensibility, Alan Rickman directs Academy Award® winner Kate Winslet in the romantic drama A Little Chaos. The year is 1682. Sabine De Barra (Ms. Winslet), a strong-willed and talented landscape designer, fulfils her chosen vocation in the gardens and countryside of France. One day, an unexpected invitation comes: Sabine is in the running for an assignment at the court of King Louis XIV (Mr. Rickman). Upon meeting with her, the King's renowned landscape artist André Le Notre (Matthias Schoenaerts) is initially disturbed by Sabine's distinctive eye and forward-thinking nature, but eventually chooses Sabine to build one of the main gardens at The Sun King's new Palace of Versailles. Under pressure of time and as she charts her own course, Le Notre comes to recognize the value of a little chaos in Sabine's process. While pushing herself and her workers to complete the Rockwork Grove as an outdoor ballroom, Sabine negotiates the perilous rivalries and intricate etiquette of the court. As she challenges gender and class barriers. Sabine forges a surprising connection with the King himself, and wins a vote of confidence from the King's brother, Philippe (Academy Award nominee Stanley Tucci). As she gradually comes to terms with a tragedy in her past, Sabine's professional and personal interactions with André bring out honesty, compassion, and creativity in both of them.
tt0220506
Horror,Thriller
Three years after the events of the previous film, Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) had been sent to a psychiatric hospital after it is revealed that she had beheaded a paramedic instead of her brother Michael Myers (Brad Loree); the paramedic had located the body of Michael in the dining hall of Laurie's school, Hillcrest Academy, after the paramedic tried to grab his mask, Michael attacked him, and crushed his larynx so he wouldn't cry out and forcefully switched clothing and his mask. As Laurie drives the coroner's van out of the school, Myers in the paramedic's clothing walks out of the school grounds and goes into hiding for the next three years. On October 31, 2001, still in captivity, Laurie, pretending to be heavily medicated, prepares herself for the inevitable confrontation with Michael. Michael appears at the hospital and kills two security guards by decapitating one and slitting the throat of the other before going after Laurie. Laurie lures Michael into a trap, but as she attempts to kill him, she second guesses herself and goes to remove his mask to make sure that it is really her brother this time. Myers takes advantage, and stabs her in the back before sending her off the roof to her death. His mission is complete after more than 20 years of searching and tracking Laurie down. One year later. College students Bill Woodlake (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Donna Chang (Daisy McCrackin), Jen Danzig (Katee Sackhoff), Jim Morgan (Luke Kirby), Rudy Grimes (Sean Patrick Thomas), and Sara Moyer (Bianca Kajlich) win a competition to appear on an Internet reality show directed by Freddie Harris (Busta Rhymes) and his friend, Nora Winston (Tyra Banks), in which they have to spend a night in Michael's childhood home in order to figure out what led him to kill. On Halloween, each equipped with head-cameras as well as the cameras laid throughout the house, they start the show, searching the entire house for something that can provide a clue to Michael's past, and decide to separate into three groups to cover more areas. Sara's messaging friend Deckard (Ryan Merriman) watches the broadcast during a Halloween party. As the group searches the house, Donna and Jim begin getting intimate in the basement. Before anything can happen, a wall filled with corpses falls on them. Initially freaked out, upon closer inspection, Jim realizes the corpses are fake; the whole show is a setup. Jim leaves, but Donna notices a tunnel behind the fallen wall. After following it for a ways, she discovers she is being followed by Michael Myers. Myers chases her through the tunnels before impaling her on a spike on the wall. At the party, Deckard and other partygoers witness the murder. Deckard realizes that the murder was real, but the others believe it is an act. Meanwhile, Freddie goes through the house dressed as Michael, but is secretly followed by the real Michael Myers. Freddie, mistaking Michael for Charlie (a cameraman who had been killed earlier with a camera tripod leg through his throat), tells him to go to the garage and help Nora out. When Rudy, Sara, and Jim find Freddie in the Myers costume, he reveals the scheme to them and begs them to cooperate, telling them that he's set up a nice payday for all of them when it is done. When he leaves, the trio decides to gather up the other three and leave. But before they can, Jen discovers the body of Bill (who was stabbed in the head and vanished earlier) and is decapitated by the real Michael right in front of Rudy, Sara, and Jim. Rudy and Sara flee, but Jim stays to fend off Myers only to have his head crushed. Michael then kills Rudy by pinning him to the door with kitchen knives before chasing Sara upstairs. Locking herself in a bedroom, Sara begs for Deckard to help her. The other partiers begin realizing that the deaths have not been staged, and that everyone is, in fact, dead. With Deckard messaging her Myers' location, Sara manages to escape and is found by Freddie. Before they can leave, Michael finds and attacks them. Freddie is injured and Sara makes her way to the tunnels. She finds an exit near Donna's body and emerges in the garage, where she finds Nora dead. As Michael finds her, Freddie returns and begins fighting Michael hand-to-hand. Freddie electrocutes Michael, tangling him up in electrical wiring before carrying Sara out of the burning garage. Michael's body and the bodies of his victims taken to the morgue. As the medical examiner begins to examine the body, Michael's eyes open.... and the scene cuts to black.
tt0822868
Drama
Lauryn is a young woman from a small town in Indiana who moves to Chicago with dreams of entering the Chicago School of Music and Dance. But after rejection and a series of misfortunes she finds herself working in a burlesque club. The club proves to be a place of conflict and self-discovery, helping Lauryn to realize that even though plans may change, dreams never do. -LieslJade The movie opens in Indiana, where Lauryn Kirk (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) says goodbye to her brother, Joel (John Reardon) before departing for Chicago to audition for a famous dance school, the fictional Chicago School of Music and Dance. Although Joel - who works as a mechanic in the family garage - is wary of Lauryn's decision to enroll, he eventually gives her his blessing. When Lauryn enters the stage, however, her dance (mostly a hip hop routine) was halted by the judge, who hostilely rejects her, saying that they need to see something more "sensual and feminine". Dejected, Lauryn goes to a diner to down her sorrows, but soon finds her car towed off. Upon seeing her misfortunes, Dana (Tessa Thompson), a friendly waitress from the diner invites Lauryn to her apartment and out of the pouring rain. Dana subsequently offers Lauryn a place to stay, considering Lauryn could not go back home and face her brother. The next day, Dana brings Lauryn to a club called Ruby's (whose dances are rooted in burlesque), where she meets with Russ (Riley Smith), the slick-talking disc jockey, and Brenda (Karen LeBlanc), the club owner. Brenda hires Lauryn as a bookkeeper, in light of her skills with numbers. Lauryn watches as a dancer, Carmen (Julissa Bermudez) performs impressively on the stage. Lauryn and the group bond over drinks later that night. Before locking up late one night, Lauryn goes on the stage and silently and elegantly dances, while unknowingly to her, Russ watches from a distance. The next night, Brenda finds herself short of dancers. Russ asks Lauryn to dance, after having seen her graceful performance the previous night. Lauryn reluctantly agrees, and finds herself to be Ruby's new star. As Lauryn and Russ' relationship progresses, Lauryn continues performing stunningly on stage, much to Carmen's chagrin. However, Joel catches Lauryn at the club during a dance; after a bicker, in which Lauryn realizes that Joel is losing the family garage due to stacking mortgages and bills, she decides to ditch the stage and return to Indiana to save the garage. However, soon after, Joel catches a peek of Lauryn joyfully dancing in the garage one day, and asks Lauryn to give the audition another shot. Uplifted, Lauryn returns to Chicago for a second audition. She nails it, and happily embraces Russ (who has come to encourage her). Lauryn goes back to Ruby's to apologize to Brenda, but finds a surprise congratulatory party awaiting for her. The movie concludes as the party breaks into a dance. [D-Man2010]
tt0109723
Horror,Thriller
From the diary of the vampire (Martin Kemp): "I was in love once when I was a man. That time is now a mist in my mind. She was a maid to royalty and I was a nobleman. At the end of day, we would meet in our secret place. My love. My virgin. The sadness I felt each time she left. If only I'd known that day would be the last. The pain of loneliness without her." Centuries later, having drank blood enough to "fill a thousand lakes", the vampire has again found the soul of his loved one...in the person of a 17-year old college freshman named Charlotte (Alyssa Milano). But the vampire is soon to fall into eternal sleep. He has only three days to possess Charlotte's soul. Charlotte must willingly give her virgin self to him. Unfortunately, she loves another, so the vampire plans to sow seeds of doubt between Charlotte and her boyfriend, Chris (Harrison Pruett). He begins by enchanting Charlotte to his sleeping place in the loft in the campus bell tower. There, he caresses her and gives her an ankh which she promptly loses on the steps of her dormitory as she stumbles home. Chris finds her and carries her to her room. Day 1: It is Day 1 of the vampire's three day grace period. Charlotte and Chris awaken and promptly begin to talk about when they will have sex. "You might be the one," says Charlotte coyly. But that night she dreams of herself in the arms of the vampire. He again gives her the lost ankh which she promptly drops on her bedroom floor. Day 2: The vampire is getting weaker, and Charlotte is feeling confused. Her friend Nicole (Rachel True) invites her to a party that evening. While Charlotte is getting dressed, Nicole finds the ankh on the bedroom floor, so Charlotte wears it. At the party, Charlotte and Eliza (Jordan Ladd) have a run-in. The vampire summons Charlotte. As the vampire and Charlotte embrace, Nicole interrupts (she sees only Charlotte) and introduces Charlotte to some guy who promptly tries to screw her. The vampire saves Charlotte but kills Nicole because he needs for Charlotte to "stay pure". Chris dreams that Charlotte is with another guy, calls her on the telephone, she answers, and his worries are allayed. Day 3: On that day, Sunday morning, Charlotte is approached by Sarah (Charlotte Lewis) a photographer who has her own studio in the dorm and invites Charlotte back to her studio where she encourages Charlotte to pose in some racy and revealing poses. Sarah almost seduces Charlotte, but she pushes her away and leaves. In the evening, Charlotte breaks her date with Chris ("I've got to study!"), dresses up in a dark red evening gown and goes to another party. Meanwhile, Chris is almost seduced by Marika (actually the vampire in disguise) but Chris fights her off. Charlotte returns to her dormitory where she has a fight with Eliza, but the vampire appears and kills Eliza. The vampire goes to the bell tower. Charlotte goes to the bell tower. Chris goes to the bell tower. The vampire tries one last time to get Charlotte to submit to his bite, but she calls for Chris. Day 4: Charlotte and Chris wake up alone in the bell tower. Today is Charlotte's 18th birthday. The vampire is seen in his underground lair where he goes to sleep.
tt0783238
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The Dead Girl is a quintet of stories about seemingly unrelated people whose lives converge around the murder of a young woman (portrayed by Brittany Murphy). The characters in the film are linked not only by their connection to her murder, but also by the difficult hand life has dealt them. The film scrutinizes their inner struggles to overcome or surrender to their misfortunes. The first story, entitled The Stranger, focuses on Arden (Toni Collette), a quiet and diffident woman who lives with and cares for her verbally abusive, invalid mother (Piper Laurie). Arden is the character who finds the titular body and alerts the authorities, much to her mother's dismay. She later encounters Rudy (Giovanni Ribisi), a grocery clerk obsessed with serial killers, and agrees to meet him for a date. While Arden prepares for the date in secrecy, her mother calls for her assistance. Upon her arrival to her mother's room, Arden is berated with questions as to her appearance. Arden reacts angrily and attacks her mother before packing her suitcase and leaving home. She then meets Rudy and has masochistic sex with him. The second story, The Sister, revolves around Leah (Rose Byrne), a depressed forensics student, whose sister had gone missing 15 years ago. She is in despair over the fact her parents (Mary Steenburgen and Bruce Davison) are still searching for her lost sister and won't accept her not coming back. When she prepares the titular body for an autopsy, she finds a mole on the same spot, where her sister had one. There is a tatoo on the body, saying '12:13'. Searching '12:13' on the internet renders a bible quote on a sister. When Leah convinces herself the dead girl was her sister, she feels great relief and begins a relationship wth her colleague, Derek (James Franco). Their blossoming romance is cut short, however, when she finds out the dead girl is in fact not her sister and her parents keep denying she is dead. Leah is overwhelmed with sorrow and regret, but finds solace in Derek, whom she asks for help. The third story, The Wife, centres on Ruth (Mary Beth Hurt) unhappily married to Carl (Nick Searcy). She resents his frequent, largely unexplained absences, during which she has to stay at home and run his storage business, and then cook and clean for him thanklessly when he does return home. On one such occasion when Carl is away, Ruth discovers a chest of drawers in one of his storage units, filled with ripped and torn articles of women's clothing, some stained with blood. She suspects her husband of murder, and one night takes the clothes to a police station. When she pulls up outside the station, however, she has a change of heart and returns home and burns the evidence. The fourth story, The Mother, involves Melora (Marcia Gay Harden) a naïve, middle-American woman who was the mother of the dead girl, Krista (Brittany Murphy). She is called by police to answer questions on when she last saw her daughter, and then she herself goes to see where her daughter lived before her death. She meets Rosetta (Kerry Washington), a prostitute who was Krista's room-mate and lover. Rosetta allows Melora to see Krista's apartment, and tells her stories about Krista's life; how she was a sex worker, a drug addict and how she had a daughter of her own. She also reveals Melora's late husband had sexually abused Krista, of which Melora had no knowledge. Melora goes and finds her granddaughter, takes her from her caretaker (Carla Jimenez) and decides to take her home and raise her. She offers Rosetta to come and live with her as well, but she refuses. Melora asks Rosetta to write her at least. The fifth and final story is called The Dead Girl and takes place a few days before Krista, the titular character, is murdered. Although she has had a hard life, Krista has a positive outlook and a sweet nature. She buys a big stuffed toy and asks her john, Tarlow (Josh Brolin), to drive her to Norwalk where her daughter lives, as her daughter's birthday is the next day. Tarlow refuses at the last minute, however, so she has to borrow her landlord's motorbike. Before she sets off, however, she attacks Tom (Dennis Keiffer), a man who had recently just beaten her girlfriend, Rosetta. She rings Rosetta and tells her that she'll pick up her daughter and all three of them will move away and start a better life together. She asks Rosetta to tell her she loves her, but Rosetta simply tells her she has to go back to bed. Krista continues her journey to Norwalk but the motorbike breaks down and she has to hitchhike the rest of the way. She hitches a lift with Carl, who promises to take her to Norwalk. She is elated she will make it there in time for her daughter's birthday. The story ends with Krista smiling in the passenger seat of Carl's car, wearing a pink vest previously seen in the storage space found by Ruth (Carl's wife). She tells Carl her daughter's birthday was right at this moment, 12:13 a.m., which we saw tatooed on the arm of the girl Leah (the Sister) was examining in the morgue.
tt0283530
Drama
Professor William Hundert is a distinguished Classics history teacher at St. Benedict's Academy for Boys. Another year is beginning, and the students file in and introduce themselves. Hundert has a certain plaque above his door he requires one student, Martin Blythe to read. The plaque states: "I am Shutruk Nahunte, King Anshand and Sussa, sovereign of the land of Elam. By command of Ishushinck I destroyed Sippar, took the stele of Niran-Sin, and brought it back to Elam, where I erected it as an offering to my god, Inshushink." He requires his students to look up Shutruk Nahunte, then stops them, saying they won't find it in any history book, because Nahunte is not any. Hundert then says that Nahunte was virtually forgotten because "Ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance." Then he challenges his students, saying "What will your contribution be? How will history remember you?" which becomes the theme of the film. A friendly relationship between Hundert and fellow teacher Elizabeth is also introduced, as she has returned from Greece and presents Hundert with a snow globe of the Parthenon. A new student enter the fray shortly after, a certain Sedgewick Bell, the son of a senator from West Virginia. The cocky Bell starkly contradicts the principled Hundert, and various acts of rebellion lead to much tension between the two. As Bell's attitude worsens, and Hundert unable to straighten him, Hundert feels forced to travel to Washington D.C. and have a word with Senator Bell, Sedgewick's father. The Senator shows a surprising amount of apathy in his son's character development, and reprimands Hundert, telling him that Hundert's job is to teach him facts out of a text book, but not to influence him as a person. Hundert dejectedly returns to St. Benedict's and begins preparations for a certain "Mr. Julius Caesar" contest. The three finalists are determined by a series of essays given by Hundert, and the three highest net scores proceed to the finals, where they stand on stage in togas and answer trivia questions about ancient Roman history. During the course of the essays, Hundert surprisingly sees a changed Bell, one who begins working hard in his studying and overachieves Hundert's expectations. After Hundert completes the grading of the essays, Deepak Mehta, Louis Masoudi, and Martin Blythe have the highest score. However, wanting to reward a newly-dedicated Bell, Hundert alters his grade, putting him ahead of Blythe. The Mr. Julius Caesar contest arrives and Masoudi, Mehta, and Bell are pitted against each other. Masoudi quickly misses a question and is forced to sit, leaving Bell and Mehta to duel each other for the crown. Both do surprisingly well, much to Hundert and Bell's father's excitement. However, Hundert notices Bell does a peculiar motion whenever he is asked a question, where he put his hands over his eyes. Hundert speculates Bell is cheating and quietly asks the headmaster what to do. Contradictory to Hundert's principles, the headmaster tells Hundert to allow it. Knowing Mehta read an extra-curricular book about Hamilcar Barca, who is not in the assigned textbooks, Hundert asks Bell a question about him. Surely enough, Bell can't answer and Mehta wins the crown of Mr. Julius Caesar. Hundert visits Bell later and discovers that Bell indeed was cheating, having taped notecards of the question on his toga, out of sight to anyone but him. Hundert keeps the incident to himself but the trust and respect he had developed for Sedgewick has been broken. Hundert feels he has failed as a teacher, especially considering he disallowed Blythe from participating. Twenty-five years later, Hundert and Elizabeth are married, and the headmaster of St. Benedict's has passed away. Thinking he'll take the vacated position, Hundert is shocked to discover a fellow teacher, James Ellerby, whom he has been mentoring, has been given the privilege of being named the headmaster, because the Board believes he's a better fundraiser. Hundert immediately tenders his resignation, much to the Board's chagrin, and retires. Shortly after, Hundert receives a letter inviting him to a class reunion, one that a now-successful and wealthy Sedgewick Bell is hosting. Also, if Hundert agrees to come and host a rematch of the Mr. Julius Caesar contest, Bell will donate a large amount of money to the school. Agreeing to this, Hundert arrives at Bell's estate, where an enthusiastic Bell greets Hundert. Before the rematch begins, Bell speaks of Hundert's dignity and how much Hundert taught him, in spite of his rebellious nature. Then, Bell reveals his attentions to succeed his late father and run for Senator, and the contest begins. Once again Masoudi loses on the first question and Mehta and Bell duke it out again. Both again do surprisingly well, but Hundert catches a glimpse of an earpiece in Bell's ear, then looks to the back and sees a man on a headset looking in books. Shocked, Hundert continues the contest, but asks Sedgewick Bell who Shutruk Nahunte was, knowing Nahunte isn't in any textbooks. Both Bell and the man on the headset are stumped, but Mehta quickly recites the plaque that was above Hundert's wall, and wins the contest again. Hundert goes to the bathroom to collect himself, and Bell walks in, engaging Hundert in pleasant conversation, which Hundert uses to confront Bell. Suddenly Bell's demeanor changes and he becomes defensive and spiteful, telling Hundert that he doesn't care for Hundert's principles and virtue, because it's all a bunch of bull****. Bell reveals he lives in a world where "people do what they do to get what the want." Suddenly, Bell's son emerges from a stall with a shocked look on his face, and quietly walks out. Bell is left speechless and embarrassed, knowing he just revealed himself to be a cheater and liar in front of his son. Hundert quietly retires to his room, and wakes up the next morning expecting to find his students down at breakfast. Reading a note they left wishing him well, and disappointed by their absence, he prepares to leave, but they throw a surprise party in his room when he returns, and Hundert later admits to a now-grown Martin Blythe that he allowed Bell to unfairly sneak over him in the Mr. Julius Caesar contest years earlier. With considerable satisfaction, Hundert realizes that while he failed with Bell, most of his other students have grown to become upstanding gentlemen. Upon returning to his home, he decides to return to St. Benedict's, now a co-ed school, as a teacher of the Classics. It shows a fresh new batch of students, including Martin Blythe's son. Seeing Martin Blythe outside his classroom window and exchanging a friendly wave, Hundert has Blythe's son read Shutruk Nahunte's plaque, just as his father did years earlier.
tt0772178
Comedy
A young breakdancer has a serious accident and falls into a coma. When he wakes up he tries to get his group back together.
tt0110308
Crime,Drama,Romance
The film opens on busy traffic in New York City, quickly moving to a lead generation room where Bridget Gregory (Linda Fiorentino) oversees the callers. She clearly expects results, offering bonuses and insulting the callers reminding one of them "ask for the sale four times, every time. Got it?" When one of the salesmen makes a sale she offers him either $100.00 or $1000.00 worth of rare commemorative coins. When he chooses the $100.00 she says "Wise man." Meanwhile, Bridget's husband, Clay Gregory (Bill Pullman), is meeting some drug dealers under a bridge with a case full of "pharmaceutical cocaine." He hands them is case, and tries to take the case of money from one of the money only to have a gun pulled on him. He lets go and starts sobbing "one stupid mistake." assuming he's either getting busted or robbed. It turns out it's neither, they just don't want to give up the case, and they dump the money out, leaving it on the ground for him. Bridget gets to her and Clay's apartment, finding a message from Clay that his meeting was moved back. She's excited when he comes home, asking if he got the money. Clay starts pulling the bills out of his shirt and Bridget remarks on his appearance, "Do you walk the streets like that? You're an idiot!" Clay responds by slapping her and then quickly apologizes, telling her he's on edge from dealing with "scary people." and offering to let her hit him anywhere, hard. He remarks "this is what we worked for" and reminds her that she's a "criminal mastermind" He also mentions that he'll pay off the loan shark tomorrow, to which Bridget says "maybe he'll forget." Clay goes off to the shower, yelling into the living room for Bridget's opinion on dinner plans. "Whatever you want" she says, as she writes a note, (backwards) takes the money and leaves. Clay realizes she's gone and finds the note which he reads in the mirror, says "How are we supposed to celebrate?" He calls out to her in the street "You better run!" Bridget takes a cab to her own car, takes off her ring and drives out of the city, for Chicago, stopping in Beston when she gets low on gas. Before leaving she stops into a Beston bar, where Mike Swale (Peter Berg) is chatting with his friends about a recent trip he made to Buffalo, which didn't work out, landing him back in Beston. When a girl hits on Mike, he hushes his friends from ooohing about it saying "These women are anchors. You get too close to one, Beston's got you for life." This is clearly a regular thing for Mike as his friends react saying "Here we go again." One of Mike's friends says "Tell me about the wife." pointing out Mike's wedding band. Mike complains that he can't get it off. Mike starts complaining about being stuck in Beston again, and his friend asks when he'll leave. Mike answers "How long's it take to grow a new set of balls?" Mike then notices Bridget enter the bar. The bartender intentionally snubs her, asking if anyone in the bar needs a drink while she's asking for one. Mike tells his friend, "This might be my new set of balls." Mike orders her a drink which the bartender is happy to get now. Trying to make small talk, Mike says "You're not from around here?" and Bridget answers "Fuck off." before grabbing a table for herself. Mike approaches her table and is told to go away. Mike: Well, I haven't finished charming you yet. Bridget: You haven't started. Mike: Give me a chance. Bridget: Go find yourself a nice little cow girl, make nice little cow babies and leave me alone. Mike: [leaning in] I'm hung like a horse. Think about it. Bridget: Let's see Mike: Excuse me? Bridget: Mr Ed. Let's see. Mike: Look, I tried to be nice. I can see that's something you're not... Bridget: Now I'm trying. I can be very nice when I try. Sit down. Mike is shocked when she check's out his horse claim as soon as he sits down. saying "I never buy anything sight unseen" She then quizzes him about his past. Mike claims he's had twelve lovers, no prostitutes, and emphasizes that he's never slept with a man. She then asks about his place. Mike says he also has a name prompting Bridget to say "No names. Meet me outside." Mike wakes up looking for her, and finds Bridget talking on his phone and checking out his fridge. She calls her lawyer, Frank (J.T. Walsh) and explains her situation. Frank tells her her husband is entitled to half of anything bought with the cash, so to keep it in cash until a divorce can be finalized which he estimates could take two years. he also advises her to stay put as Clay will know to look for her in Chicago. She runs out without saying good bye to Mike, and he runs outside yelling after her. Bridget picks up a newspaper and finds a job opening in the classifieds for a Lead Generation Manager at Interstate Insurance Company. The employer is impressed with her resume, and she tells him a story about her husband beating her, which is forcing her to hide and use an assumed name. She choose the name Wendy Kroy. She runs into Mike in the hallway, who works at the same company. She tells him to act as if the sex never happened. Bridget rents a place and calls Frank again from her office. Frank tells her that Clay called talking about "a loan shark and his thumb." He adds "Anyone check you for a heartbeat lately?" He tells her that if she won't send Clay some cash to tell him to quit calling. She says she'll call Clay and Frank tells her to be careful as he might trace it. She responds "He's not that clever." She gives Clay a call and we see that Clay's thumb is bandaged. The operator asks if he'll take the call and Clay asks "Is this Bridget in Chicago or Bridget in Dallas?" Bridget tells the operator to disconnect. After work she goes to the bar again, where Mike immediately sees her. She takes him outside to have sex in a not very hidden spot behind the bar. Mike takes the opportunity to ask "Where do I fit in?" and isn't pleased when she says "You're my designated fuck." They meet for sex regularly and Mike keeps pushing for information which she doesn't give. He continues to complain about being "kept at arm's length." She continually makes light of his need for more than sex. Bridget calls Clay from the office again and asks him to get the number from a pay phone down the block and she'll call back. We see that Clay has a guy, Harlan (Bill Nunn) there to trace the call. Clay runs around the apartment to sound winded and when she calls back he gives her a number he already has. Clay runs in place again holding a cordless phone given to him by Harlan, while jumping rope in the apartment. When Bridget remarks it sounds quiet, he opens a window. He asks for the money back and Bridget says "It's mine, you hit me." Clay tells her the $100,000.00 he borrowed from the loan shark is now $150,000.00. She offers to pay off the loan shark and his private detective and leave him ten grand. The phone rings in the apartment tipping her off and she hangs up. The trace turns up the area code, giving them the city she's in. Frank advises her to stay put since she has an alias and it's not likely they'll find her. Bridget and Mike show up to work at the same time and Bridget explains that "a woman loses 50% of her authority when people find out who she's sleeping with." Mike protests, but when they get in the building she slaps Mike and acts as if he's groping her. Harlan and Clay discuss finding Bridget and Harlan explains he doesn't have enough information to do anything. Their talking is interrupted by a "customer" buying prescription drugs from Clay. Harlan tells Clay that she likely has an alias. Clay sees a "New York" poster in the mirror, and recalling Bridget's backard writing skill, tells Harlan that she's using "Wendy Kroy" because all she's thinking about is getting back to New York. Bridget approaches Mike at the bar five days after the office incident. Mike is still complaining about wanting more. Mike tells Bridget about his job as a claims adjuster, which she finds boring until he mentioned he talked with a woman whose husband died, and the woman remarked that she should have killed him years ago. Mike also explains that he knew the husband was cheating from his credit report, as he had credit cards for women other than his wife. Bridget convinces Mike that they should make a list of women with cheating husbands, who have big insurance policies. She then calls one of the numbers and sells the woman her husband's murder, before telling the woman it was a joke. She then tells Mike that she's using the activity to be more than sex partners when he doesn't want to play along. Mike does a call of his own and she lets him come back to her place for the first time. In bed, Bridget asks Mike to tell her about his wife. He asks "How'd you know?" and she says "I didn't." She prompts him to talk about her wife but he isn't forthcoming saying "It was a mistake." Mike implies that Bridget coming to town was significant and when pressed about it he says "You've been out there. You came here, and you chose me. So I was right, I'm bigger than this town." Bridget: So what's wrong? Mike: You can't stop reminding me that you're bigger than me. Bridget gets to work the next day and hears in a hush hush tone from the receptionist that "There was a black man here to see you." She asks what he wanted and the receptionist says "Wouldn't say. He was black though." Bridget can't get ahold of Frank and later that night at Mike's place, she reveals that she's on the run. She tells him she "made a sale." referring to murdering cheating husbands. Mike isn't at all interested and turns her down going off to play hockey without her. She gets into her car to leave and Harlan gets into the car with her holding a gun on her. Bridget offers to share with him instead of Clay and banters with him about leaving her money. She teases him asking "Is it true what they say about size?" when she doesn't let up he unzips his pants. She speeds up while he does this and slams the car into a telephone pole counting on the drivers side airbag to protect her, although Harlan gets thrown through the windshield and killed. At the hospital she tells the police that Harlan had planned to rape her. Mike shows up at the hospital and asks how hockey was, playing up his guilt. She pushes him about the murder for hire again. He won't agree and she tells him she'll do it herself rather than stay there forever. Bridget calls Clay and he remarks that he heard about Clay. He tells her that he's hired a local PI to watch her, parked outside her house. He tells her that now that he knows where she is he's willing to hire a sociopath to take her out. Bridget offers to buy a week, paying the loan shark while she settles things. Clay asks "What made you do this?" Bridget: I don't know. You slapped me. Clay: That's just an excuse Bridget: You're probably right, but I get to slap you back. Clay agrees to her proposition as long as the local PI keeps tailing her. Back at the office, she tries to make travel arrangements without giving her name. Mike listens outside the door and seems concerned that she's going away. She tells him she's just going to New York for the weekend. At her place, Bridget bakes cookies for the PI, dropping one and putting a board with nails under his tire when she picks it up. A cab pulls up and she asks to go to Buffalo. She visits city hall and gets the name of Mike's wife, Trish Swale. She then visits Mike's wife and heads home. Back at the bar, one of Mike's friends tells him that Bridget asked what Mike's secret was, and propositioned him. Mike hits his friend who then says that he came onto her and she shot him down. Mike is distraught and drunk, calls Bridget from a payphone while drinking from a paper bag, leaving her a confessional message about loving her and having a hard time trusting himself after Buffalo. Bridget listens to the message and scribbles a note with Mike's name in a heart. Mike drives over later to erase the message and finds the scribbling while Bridget watches from under the bed. She leaves a ticket for Mike to find coming in, that makes it appear that she went to Miami. Mike assumes she killed the guy she'd talked about. Mike pulls out the note, to prove that she loves him, but Bridget kicks him out. She can't help but laugh afterwards. Mike approaches her at the office, asking for details about the guy she killed, telling her that he's trying to accept what she's done. She tells him she's leaving without him and he asks what he can do to convince her to take him. She tells him that he needs to do what she did and that would make them equals. She presents him with information on a guy named Cahill. Mike refuses again. and as he leaves Bridget smiles and writes a letter claiming to be from his wife Trish, telling him she got a job at Interstate Insurance. We see Mike opening and reading the letter. Mike shows up at Bridget's place, exclaiming that he'll do it as long as they never come back to Beston. Bridget calls the police and claims the PI watching her exposed himself to local kids. While the police hassle the PI, Bridget and Mike take off. On the ride to New York, Bridget grills him about the details of the murder, which involve restraining and gagging Cahill and acting as if he's robbing the place and stabbing him to death. He asks why he has to shut the lights off afterwards and she tells him it's psychology, to tell himself he's finished an unpleasant chore. We see Mike find Cahill on the mailbox tag. He enters the apartment and we see that he's in Clay's apartment. Clay doesn't seem intimidated, and offers some wisecracks. He critiques Mike's methods telling him if he's gagged he can't tell him where everything is. Mike can't bring himself to stab Clay and he exclaims to himself "I can't do it Wendy! I just cant!" This prompts an outburst from the gagged Clay, which catches his interest. He lets Clay explain. He gives Mike the details and he tells Mike to find something else in the apartment that says Cahill. Clay explains that she is planning to finger him for the murder, and figures that the cops are already on the way. assuming he's to signal her somehow, which they realize is the reason that Mike is to shut the lights off. Bridget watches the window from the street and when the lights go off she heads up. Mike kicks a wedding picture across the floor to her and confronts her about her plan. Clay is still bound as Bridget has the handcuff keys. She sprays mace down his throat, killing him and tells Mike that now they have a future. She then suggests they "roleplay" although Mike is stunned at what just happened. She tells him "You killed my husband and raped me!" Mike pushes her away and holds the gun on her, telling her she's going to jail. He picks up the phone and Bridget tells him that Trish wasn't coming to Beston. We see in flashback that Trish is actually a man. Bridget taunts him about it, and he slaps her and dares him to rape her. Mike is over the edge now and gives in, not realizing that Bridget has dialed 911 while laying over the desk. Bridget makes sure to yell, "You killed my husband!" while he says "You want to be raped! I'll rape you!" the 911 operator of course hears everything. Mike is in prison talking to his lawyer, who tells him that the man Bridget claimed to kill is still alive and that the case against him is airtight and there's nothing he can do without one piece of evidence. He mentions that he's likely facing the death penalty. He tells the lawyer, "There might be one thing." We then see Bridget in a limo handling the tag that reads "Cahill" She burns it with her lighter as the limo drives her away.
tt0100685
Action,Crime,Drama
Terry Noonan (Sean Penn) returns home to New York's Hells Kitchen after a ten year absence. He soon hooks up with childhood pal Jackie (Gary Oldman) who is involved in the Irish mob run by his brother Frankie (Ed Harris). Terry also rekindles an old flame with Jackie's sister Kathleen (Robin Wright). Soon, however, Terry is torn between his loyalty to his friends and his loyalties to others. He is actually working as an undercover cop in order to help the police break up the gang. However, he is under great pressure and finally reveals his true identity to Kathleen but she wants to have nothing more to do with him after being told by her brother, Frank, that he is an up and coming member in his gang and has already killed two people. Jackie is drinking in a bar one night when three members of a rival Italian gang enter and he ends up killing all three, feeling insulted that they are on his gang's territory. Frank is summoned to a meeting by the Italian mafia boss and is instructed to kill his brother 'who has become a thorn in both their sides.' Frank has told Jackie to lie in wait in case the meeting goes wrong and only manages to avert a war by hugging the Italian leader outside the restaurant, in full view of his gang members. Frank arranges for Jackie to collect $25,000 that evening, telling him that the Italians are actually supporting them and this is a reward. Jackie takes Terry along as his secret back up, and they wait at Pier 38. Frank arrives with his lieutentant and, while Terry is trying to phone his police sergeant (who he mistakenly told to wait at another location), Frank shoots his younger brother although Terry does not see him doing this. The police finally arrive and Terry says he is quitting as an undercover operative. At Jackie's funeral, Terry tells Frank he was at Pier 38 and also hands Frank his police badge. It is now St Patrick's Day and Frank has instructed his gang to find and kill Terry. While Kathleen is watching the St Patrick's Day parade on her own, Terry goes to the bar where Frank and his gang are drinking and, after a final shoot out, finally kills Frank. He himself is shot three times and the viewer is left not knowing if he lives or dies.
tt0116353
Drama
Maddie Wirtz is a high school senior living in the suburbs of Portland, Oregon. Her plans to coast through her last school year before college are waylaid when she meets another teenage girl who's a drifter, "Legs," who takes shelter from the rain inside her school. The same day she meets them, Legs convinces Maddie and fellow students Rita Faldes and Violet Kahn to confront Mr. Buttinger, a teacher who's been sexually harassing Rita and Violet. Maddie, Rita, and Violet flee after the confrontation turns violent, witnessed by student Goldie Goldman, who flees with them. Later, Legs finds Maddie at her house from the address in a notebook Maddie dropped in Mr. Buttinger's classroom. Legs spends the night at Maddie's house and bonds with her further in the morning before school. Maddie finds out at school that she, Rita, Violet, and Goldie are being suspended for the confrontation of Mr. Buttinger, despite their explanation of what happened. After getting kicked out of school, the girls go to an abandoned house where Maddie suggested Legs stay, finding Legs there. All five girls quickly form a close bond, with the abandoned house as their "headquarters" and engaging in further acts of rebellion, such as breaking into the school to retrieve part of Maddie's art school application (which the principal refused to let her get before she got kicked out) and Legs tattooing a flame on all of them. Legs and Maddie also learn that Goldie's father physically abuses her. Everything culminates when the girls crash a car stolen from a group of boys who were about to rape Maddie in "revenge" for what happened to Mr. Buttinger. Though not seriously injured, the girls go on trial for stealing the car, with the boys and one of their girlfriends, Cindy, lying about the events leading up to it. Legs is sent to a juvenile prison and the group flounders without her, with Goldie starting to use heroin. Eventually, Cindy, feeling guilty, tells the judge the truth, leading to Legs' release. The girls' reunion is tempered by Legs learning of Goldie's addiction; Maddie has taken to the abandoned house to detox. In an effort to help her, Legs leads Maddie, Rita, and Violet to Goldie's house to demand $10,000 from her parents to send Goldie to rehab. The situation escalates when Goldie's father refuses and Legs, holding him at gunpoint, forces the others to take him to the abandoned house. He is tied to a chair while the girls try to think of what to do next, and the tension rises as Legs begins taking her own paternal frustrations out on him. Throughout the chaos, Rita, who was told to hold the gun on Goldie's father, accidentally shoots him in the shoulder. Panic ensues and the girls resolve to get Goldie's father to the hospital. When Goldie, Rita, and Violet leave with Goldie's father, Maddie realizes Legs is missing. She finds Legs walking along the bridge, looking for a ride to another town. Both girls make proposals, Maddie for Legs to stay with her and the others and Legs for Maddie to join her on the road. Sad but resolute, the two eventually go their separate ways. Legs gets a truck to stop and boards as Maddie watches it disappear. In a voice-over, it's revealed that Maddie finishes high school and goes on to art school. She travels the world, always stopping at airports and bus stops along the way. Although none of the group ever see Legs again, they still get together once in a while and strengthen their bond over the past.
tt0406650
Comedy,Drama
Dean's best friend Troy is the point where it all starts. He has connections to happy pills. But when Troy kills himself, bored with the meaninglessness of life in a materialistic, completely fabricated California suburb, his usual buyers don't stop wanting the drugs. The school bullies (who don't really know what they're doing) kidnap a kid, thinking it's Dean's younger brother, in an attempt to convince Dean to hand over the last of Troy's stash. But they kidnap the wrong kid. The child, who rather enjoys the goofiness of the stupid bullies, is the son of the town sheriff who is recently divorced from an interior designer who is remarrying the very strange mayor of the town. But she's so concerned about making sure her wedding day goes off without a hitch, she doesn't even notice Charlie is missing for a full day. Everything comes together at a crashing climax on the Sunday of the designer's wedding which coincides with Troy's memorial service.
tt1270835
Action,Comedy,Horror
Picking up immediately where the first film ended, Marybeth (now played by Danielle Harris) is attacked by Victor Crowley (Kane Hodder), but manages to escape. Jack Cracker finds her, pulls her out of the river, and takes her back to his cabin. After finding out her last name, he forces her to leave, telling her that if she wants help, she needs to see Reverend Zombie (Tony Todd). Moments after she leaves, Jack views Shapiro's camcorder, which he found in the swamp. The footage shows Shapiro filming different topless women, including Misty and Jenna. After Jack finishes watching the video, he is killed by Victor Crowley, who gouges his intestines out and strangles him with them until he decapitates him. Marybeth returns to Reverend Zombie's shop in New Orleans and, after demanding to speak with him, he reluctantly lets her in. It's revealed that Rev. Zombie had a small business going on with Shawn, the tour guide who was murdered the night before, and the boat was one of his own. After learning her last name, he tells her that her father was one of the boys responsible for causing the fire that originally killed Victor Crowley. He also tells her that Thomas, Victor's father, had an affair with his wife's nurse after she was diagnosed with stomach cancer. Moments before dying, Shyann Crowley placed a curse on the child conceived by Lena from the affair. Months later, she dies after giving birth to the deformed Victor Crowley. After Victor is killed in the fire, Thomas confronts the three boys responsible but they, along with their parents, deny it. Thomas becomes a shut-in and eventually dies of a broken heart ten years later. This story is then complemented by various scenes in which the undead Victor slaughters the people who wander into his land. Marybeth tells Reverend Zombie she wants to go back and retrieve the remains of her father and brother. He agrees, but tells her she must bring a family member with her. After she leaves, Zombie calls Justin (Parry Shen), Shawn's brother, and tells him Shawn never came back with the boat. He lies and says they are going into the swamp to find Shawn and the boat. He tells Justin to summon a group of hunters and, in particular, a man named Trent Graves (R. A. Mihailoff) to go with them. Marybeth returns home, where her uncle Bob (Tom Holland) promptly shows up. He tells her she needs to stay away from Reverend Zombie, but reluctantly goes with her to a recruitment meeting in Zombie's shop. Zombie tells the hunters that he will pay them $500 each to retrieve his boat and $5,000 for the head of Victor Crowley. He tells Trent that he will pay him double to go, and Trent agrees. The hunters leave and go into the swamp, with Marybeth and her uncle among them. They find the boat and, as the rest leave, two of the hunters, Cleutus and Chad (Ed Ackerman and David Foy) stay by the boat. The others split up to find Victor. Marybeth, Zombie, Justin, Bob, and Trent go looking for Crowley's shed and the bodies. Along the way, Zombie tells Justin that Trent, Bob and Marybeth's father were the kids who started the fire that killed Victor. He says that once Crowley kills Bob and Trent, his soul will be at peace and leave the swamp. After not finding the bodies in the shed, they check the main cabin. Meanwhile, the rest of the hunting party are killed off by Crowley. Chad is hacked in the face violently and Cletus has his face mutilated by a boat propeller. While Layton and Avery are having make-up sex, Victor appears and decapitates Layton. Avery tries to run away but Victor whacks her in between the legs and in the chest with his hatchet. Finally, John and Vernon (Rick McCallum and Colton Dunn) are both split in half from the groin up with a long chainsaw. While searching the cabin, the remaining party members hear Victor outside. As they hide, Justin tells Marybeth of Zombie's plot to get her uncle and Trent killed. She runs to warn Bob, but Justin jams the door shut with a chair. Victor turns up behind Justin and kills him by ripping his head open with a belt sander. Bob, in an attempt to save Justin accidentally releases Victor. Marybeth attempts to attack him but is tossed against the wall. Victor then spears Trent against the wall and the two stumble into the kitchen, where an epic battle ensues. Victor makes use of his strength while Trent uses the nearby surroundings to his advantage, temporally pinning Crowley against a support and whacking him with tables and chairs, but Trent is finally killed when he attempts to kill Victor with a clever as Victor breaks his leg and severs the top half of his head by kicking it against a table. Zombie grabs Marybeth, drags her out of the house, and traps Bob inside with Victor. Marybeth screams as she hears Bob murdered by Victor inside. She falls to the ground crying and Zombie declares Victor Crowley dead. Marybeth says she will go to the police. Zombie tells her she will not as he points a gun at her head. She tells him that Bob was not her real uncle; her father's brother had died of leukemia when she was twelve. Victor then breaks through the wall of the cabin and goes after Zombie. Zombie chokes Victor with his hands and seems to be inflicting pain but Victor kills him by severing him in half and then pulling his torso off his skin by pulling on his spine. Marybeth attacks Victor with his own hatchet, knocking him to the ground and striking him in the head repeatedly until left a bloody pulp. She then stops and walks off just as Victor's hand twitches, then returns and stands over him with a shotgun. She yells "Fuck you!" and she fires the gun into the remains of his head, finally shooting them off and seemingly ending his reign of terror.
tt0192111
Comedy,Mystery,Romance
Amanda (Monica Potter) is a painting restorer at the New York Metropolitan Museum. She has had a long history of picking cheating boyfriends extending back to grade school. Her most recent disappointment comes when she returns to her apartment to find her boyfriend making love to a lingerie model in their bed. Brokenhearted, she moves out of her apartment and spends the night with her friend from work, fellow restorer Lisa (China Chow). Needing a more permanent place to stay, Amanda answers an ad for a roommate at a swanky apartment already occupied by four fashion models: Holly (Tomiko Fraser) who is smart and gave up a full-ride at Standford to walk the runway. Jade (Shalom Harlow) who likes to photograph as much as be photographed. Roxana (Ivana Milicevic) a sultry Russian beauty and Candi (Sarah Murdoch) an Australian model who likes to regale the rest of the group with stories about growing up on a farm with her lecturous Uncle Pete. The girls get the apartment free from their agency, but rent out a spare room (really a closet) for spending money. Amanda moves in and finds the lives of the models to be very different from her own. Every evening there is a line of guys outside the door waiting for the privilege to take the girls out for the night. While moving in Amanda meets handsome Jim Winston (Freddie Prinze Jr.) when the Great Dane he is walking, Hamlet, knocks Amanda down and tries to hump her. At first Amanda is taken with Jim (there is a running joke that she gets weak in the knees every time they meet) but decides that she doesn't want to rush into another disastrous relationship and tries to keep him at a distance. Despite this she spends her spare time for the rest of the film sketching his face under the premise of using his likeness to restore a character on a damaged painting. That evening the rest of the girls go out while Amanda and Candi stay in (in another running joke Candi rarely goes out as she is constantly recovering from plastic surgery that her agency makes her have to make her perfect looks even more perfect). They notice that the apartment across the way belongs to Jim and they have an excellent view of his living room. Candi recognizes him as an up and coming fashion executive. Amanda watches carefully for signs of him being a heel, but they only see him being a nice guy. One evening it is clear Jim is getting ready for a party and the girls convince Amanda to crash it with them (something which is easy for them to do as models) so she can get to know Jim. Amanda gets there, but after watching Jim work the crowd, feels out-of-place and decides to leave. On her way down the stairs she runs into Jim who tells her he hates these functions, but it is part of the job. They get to talking and she falls for him and he asks her out on a date. Back at the apartment Amanda is watching Jim clean up after the party when she notices a women, Megan O'Brien (Tanja Reichert), still in the apartment. Jim closes the shades so Amanda can only see shadows and Amanda thinks she sees Jim take a bat and kill Megan with it. She calls the police, but they find no evidence of a murder and Officer Rodriguez (Joe Pascual) is skeptical of Amanda's story. She decides to investigate herself (with the help of the models). Despite bribing the apartment's maintenance man to let them into Jim's apartment (and almost being caught when he comes home unexpectedly) they can find no evidence of foul play. Amanda later sees him carrying something that looks like a body in a bag and follows him out to Central Park. Instead of burying a corpse, however, Jim is helping coach a little league team and the bag contains bats and gloves. At this point Amanda decides to trust him and keep their date. However, Jim is indeed involved with some nefarious individuals. They are a group of Russian mobsters lead by a man named Strukov (Jay Brazeau). Strukov notices Amanda's interest in Jim and decides to investigate her. Posing as a businessman named Halloran he brings a painting that needs to be restored to Amanda's apartment. He tells her that the holes in it are from mice, but it is clear to the viewer that they are bullet holes. On their date Jim and Amanda decide they really like each other and return to his apartment to make love. Amanda forgets to close the shades, however, and her roommates fall asleep watching her amorous encounter through the window. The next day Amanda is meeting Jim in preparation for going away for the weekend with him. On the way she sees in a front page story that the body of Megan O'Brien has been found. She grabs the newspaper, finds Jim and demands to know what happened to the woman. Unfortunately she does this while Jim is speaking to Strukov, blowing his cover. Jim and Amanda are forced to run from Stukov and his goons while Jim explains that he is an FBI agent. Megan O'Brien was another agent and her death and the newspaper story were staged to help Jim garner trust with the Russian mobsters. Jim believes Stukov's organization is using the fashion industry to launder drug money. Amanda tells Jim that Stukov has been to her apartment and he fears Stukov will try to harm her roommates. They run to their rescue, but are captured along with the models by Stukov's goons and taken to Stukov's dress warehouse. At the warehouse they discover the Russians are actually using garments to smuggle diamonds out of Russian by sewing them onto dresses instead of cheap rhinestones and shipping them to the United States. Roxana then flirts with the guard in Russian bringing him close enough so that Jim, a black belt, is able to knock the guard out, so the group can escape. They flee the warehouse by jumping into a limo owned by fashion designer Alfredo (Stanley DeSantis). In a bit of good luck for Jim, Alfredo is headed to his fashion show where Stukov will be an guest. Jim hopes to arrest him there. In a bit of good luck for the girls, Alfredo is short several runway models at the last minute and the girls are hired. When they get there Amanda is also pulled into a makeup chair. She is about to protest that she is not a model, when Stukov's goons appear backstage. She decides it is safest to blend in with the other girls and the makeup people dress her and ready her for the runway. A goon finally spots Amanda and chases her out on to the runway. Jade, Roxana and Candi tackle him while Amanda, surprised by seeing the gangster in the crowd, falls off the stage on top of Stukov. Jim arrives in the nick of time to punch the Russian out, arrest him and the case is closed. Amanda finds out that Jim's real name is Bob Smoot and they start their relationship afresh. The movie closes with them kissing in Bob's new apartment. As their affections grow more intimate this time he thinks to close the drapes and the credits roll.
tt0371552
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
As the story begins, the Vikings are depressed because in raid after raid they find the locations devoid of people. Cryptograf, an advisor to Viking chief Timandahaf, says that the enemies are always gone because, "Fear gives them wings". Timandahaf excitedly concludes that they must find a "Champion of Fear", who can teach them to be great cowards so they can fly, making them invincible. The chief says he'll give anything to whoever can bring him this Champion of Fear. Cryptograf hatches a secret plan to seize power and tells the chief they'll find the Champion of Fear in Gaul. During a typical day in the Gaulish village, chief Vitalstatistix announces the imminent arrival of his nephew Justforkix, who is to be trained to be a man. When Justforkix arrives from Parisium, he doesn't look like warrior material. He uses his bird SMS (Shortmessageservix) to send messages to his "babes". Besides chasing girls, he's into hi-tech, nightlife, and dancing and he's a vegetarian, much to the dismay of Obelix, who can't get him to try wild boar. In Norway, as the Vikings prepare to start their quest, the chief's wife, Vikea, orders her husband to get her some flat-packed easy-to-assemble furniture from his raids, while his daughter, Abba, insists on going along, but is flatly refused. Abba disguises herself as a man and goes anyway. Back in Gaul, the training of Justforkix under the direction of Asterix and Obelix is proceeding, but with little, if any, success. He runs screaming from any danger and refuses to drink potion. Upon their arrival in Gaul, Cryptograf explains to his incredibly stupid son, Olaf, that he must capture the Champion of Fear, and claim the prize of anything he wants, which Cryptograf says is the chief's daughter, Abba. Since the chief has no son, this would put Olaf in line to be the next chief (with Cryptograf calling the shots, of course). Justforkix is captured by Olaf, and Asterix and Obelix must go to retrieve him before the next full moon when his father, Doublehelix, is expected at their village. Asterix and Obelix arrive on Iceland shortly after the Vikings, but they can't rescue Justforkix. He doesn't want to leave because he considers the Vikings (especially Abba) to be his friends. After our heroes' retreat, the Vikings decide to test Justforkix's flying skills by throwing him off a cliff. Cryptograf secretly rigs up a rope to Justforkix allowing him to be suspended in the foggy air, convincing the Vikings that he really can fly. The Vikings rush off to the wedding ceremony leaving the Champion of Fear dangling, and Asterix and Obelix return just in time to rescue him before the rope breaks. On the way to Gaul, Justforkix sneaks some magic potion from Asterix and swims back to stop the wedding and rescue Abba. Later, he discovers that he really can fly as he rescues Abba from another precarious spot using a hang glider improvised from a ship's mast and sail. Back in the Gaulish village, everyone gathers to celebrate the wedding of Justforkix and Abba, and the Vikings finally experience real fear when they hear a ballad sung by Cacofonix.
tt0071994
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Winslow Leach (William Finley) is an up-and-coming songwriter and composer who is seen by satanic record producer Swan (Paul Williams) during his performance as a back-up act to the nostalgia band The Juicy Fruits, whom Swan produces. Swan is deeply moved by Winslow's song and deemed Winslow's music as the perfect music to open "The Paradise", Swan's highly anticipated new concert hall. Swan sends his loyal right-hand man Arnold Philbin (George Memmoli) to steal Winslow's song and claim it as his own. When Winslow arrives at Death Records, Swan's record label, he is thrown out. Winslow sneaks into Swan's private mansion, "The Swanage", to find out what's going on, he observes several women all rehearsing his music for an audition. One of them is an aspiring singer, Phoenix (Jessica Harper), whom Winslow deems perfect for his music and the two quickly fall for each other. Winslow is told of Swan's plan to open the Paradise with Winslow's music. When Winslow sneaks in once more, Swan orders he be thrown out again and for his minions to beat up Winslow and frame him for drug dealing. Winslow is given a life sentence (from more of Swan's manipulation of the legal system) and is sent to Sing Sing Prison. Winslow's teeth are extracted and now replaced with shiny metal ones as part of an experimental prisoner program funded by the Swan Foundation. Six months later, Winslow hears on the radio, while assembling tiddlywinks games in the prison rehab center, that The Juicy Fruits, whom he hates, have made an anticipated hit record of his music with Swan's backing. Winslow goes berserk, punches out a guard and escapes from prison in a delivery box driven off prison property. He breaks into the Death Records building and tears the place up. He then breaks into Swan's record factory where he sets out to destroy a record press. When a guard catches him fiddling with the record press, Winslow slips and the record press catches his sleeve, tumbling him head first into the record press which crushes and burns his face and destroys his vocal cords. Bleeding profusely and with his face now severely mutilated, a disoriented Winslow makes his way to the edge of the East River and tumbles into the water. The newspaper reports the details of the night and that his body was not recovered. Sneaking into the Paradise, Winslow makes his way into the costume department where he dons a black leather costume, a long black cape (though he also wears a red one later in the movie) and a silver owl-like mask to cover his now deformed face, becoming the Phantom of the Paradise so he can terrorize Swan and his musicians. In a musical split-screen sequence, Winslow plants a time bomb on a prop convertible during a musical act and nearly kills The Beach Bums (formerly The Juicy Fruits, who have traded doo-wop for surf music). Seeing the Phantom on a security camera, Swan realizes there is an intruder about. The Phantom confronts Swan, who recognizes him as Winslow and offers the composer the chance to have his music produced his way. Auditions are held and the Phantom selects Phoenix for the lead. Later, in a secluded recording studio in the basement of the building, Swan provides the Phantom with an electronic voice-box, enabling him to speak and sing (with the voice of Paul Williams). Swan orders the Phantom to stop terrorizing the Paradise and rewrite his cantata for Phoenix. The Phantom reluctantly agrees on the condition that Phoenix is the lead singer and that Swan plays "what I write!" Swan promises and the Phantom signs a contract in blood. Swan is later shown bitterly listening to the recording session with Winslow: while he sounded normal at the time, the tapes mysterious play back Swan's voice as ragged, wicked and monstrous-sounding. While the Phantom remains in the recording studio rewriting his cantata, Swan breaks the deal by telling Philbin that he resents Phoenix's perfection for the lead role: "You know how I abhor perfection in anyone but myself." Swan replaces Phoenix with pill-popping, male glam-rock prima donna Beef (Gerrit Graham) in the lead of Winslow's Faust and moves Phoenix for the role of backup singer. Beef is revealed to the media at a press conference where all cameras and recording devices are strictly banned, as per Swan's policy. After days of isolation, the Phantom completes Faust, Swan having gotten him hooked on uppers in the process. Swan steals the completed cantata while ordering his minions to seal up the Phantom inside the recording studio with a brick wall. However, when the Phantom awakens that night and realizes he has been betrayed again, he manages to escape with deadly fury and kills Swan's guards. The Phantom then confronts Beef (in a comic allusion to the infamous shower scene in Psycho (1960)) and threatens to kill him if he performs. Beef tries to flee, but is stopped by Philbin outside the building, who suggests to Beef that this was all a drug-induced hallucination. Onstage, the glam-rock band The Undeads (the former Juicy Fruits/the Beach Bums), costumed to resemble the somnambulist from The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (1920), perform of the ultimate man, appearing to dismember audience members (actually planted actors with dummy limbs) and making a show of appearing to turn the parts into Beef, now costumed as a glitter-clad Frankenstein's monster. As Beef performs a completely rewritten glam-rock version of Winslow's song "Old Souls", hidden in the rafters, the Phantom strikes and electrocutes Beef with a lightning-bolt-shaped neon sign (to the great delight of the crowd). Horrified, Philbin orders Phoenix onstage as a replacement. Singing the slow true version of Winslow's music at last, Phoenix is an immediate sensation with the audience. As they continue to cheer for Beef outside as his dead body is loaded into an ambulance, Swan now realizes the potential of the situation. In Phoenix's dressing room, Swan arrives and seduces Phoenix after the show with promises of her future stardom. As she leaves, she is nearly overwhelmed by the zealous crowd, but is quickly spirited away by the Phantom. On the roof, the Phantom tells Phoenix his true identity and what Swan has done. He implores Phoenix to leave the Paradise so Swan won't destroy her like he has destroyed everything else. Fearing the Phantom, Phoenix does not believe him and escapes. At the Swanage, the Phantom secretly observes Swan and Phoenix locked in a tight embrace. Heartbroken, he commits suicide by stabbing himself through the heart with his Bowie knife. However, the Phantom awakens from death and sees Swan standing over him. Pulling the knife out, Swan tells the Phantom that he cannot die because he's locked to the blood contract he had signed earlier: The Phantom cannot die until Swan himself has died. With that knowledge, the Phantom attempts to stab Swan through the heart, but Swan is unharmed and merely pulls the knife away. Looking down at the Phantom, Swan hisses in an almost reptilian voice, "I'm under contract, too!" Rolling Stone announces the upcoming wedding between Swan and Phoenix during Faust's finale. While everyone prepares, the Phantom sneaks into Swan's private taping room to watch the tape containing the blood contract. Watching the tape, the Phantom then learns that Swan made a pact with the devil over 20 years ago (1953): Swan will remain youthful forever unless the videotaped recording of his contract is destroyed. Future photos, videos and recordings of Swan will age and fester in his place, explaining why he abhors being caught on film. The tape goes on to reveal footage of Winslow signing his contract with Swan and finally a new one Swan made with Phoenix when she was stoned, promising him "her voice" upon her death (presumably to finally overcome Swan's voice's wretched sound when recorded, as per his own contract). On a live television camera, the Phantom observes an assassin assembling a rifle and realizes Swan is planning to have Phoenix assassinated during the ceremony. The Phantom destroys most of the recordings by setting them on fire and heads off to the wedding between Swan and Phoenix. The wedding is in full swing onstage, with Philbin officiating and Swan wearing gloves and a silver mask of his own face to prevent being properly filmed. The Phantom manages to throw off the assassin's aim to stop him from hitting Phoenix, causing him to shoot and kill Philbin instead. With the tapes destroyed and Swan now mortal once again, the Phantom swings down onto the stage and rips off Swan's mask, finally exposing him as a monster on live television. Swan's face is now hideous, burning away like the tapes and contracts. Realizing what's happening, a crazed Swan gropes for Phoenix's throat, demanding she give him her voice, beginning to strangle her. The Phantom intervenes and stabs Swan repeatedly in the chest with the metal beak of a backup dancer's bird-shaped headpiece. The moment he does, his own fatal chest wound reopens. As he is dying, Swan is carried around by the audience, who are driven to the point of hysteria and join in stabbing him. The dying Winslow also removes his mask to reveal his own face, and cheered on by the crowd, crawls on the floor towards the shocked Phoenix. Just as he holds out a hand to her, Swan dies, allowing Winslow to die of his own wound. As Winslow succumbs, Phoenix finally recognizes him as the kind man she met in line at the Swanage. Phoenix rushes over and lies down next to him, crying and heartbroken as the audience raves. The closing credits feature a series of montages of the cast members, identifying each by name, commencing with the musical trio and concluding with Winslow/The Phantom. Most of the shots in these montages are from the movie, but there are also several from outtakes.
tt0068931
Action,Crime,Thriller
"The Mechanic"is a different twist on the "hit man's last job" movie, presenting Charles Bronson as solitary and stoic as ever, yet forced to realize he's aging and can't do what he once did. Rather than try to retire or get out of the business, he chooses to train someone else to thin his workload. At least that's how it appears on the surface. Arthur Bishop (Charles Bronson) is the best hit man or "mechanic" around. We see his meticulous methods right away, opening the movie with Bishop on the job. After learning his target's daily routine and securing an apartment with a window facing his target's window. He takes pictures of the man's apartment and scrutinizes his information at home for the perfect way to kill him. He breaks into the man's apartment and prepares it for the hit by placing a malleable explosive in a book in the man's bedroom rigging the gas oven to leak and drugging his tea. From the facing apartment, he watches the target drink his tea, and get drowsy, He waits until later that night, before shooting the book in the bedroom with a sniper rifle, causing a big and fatal explosion. Bishop next meets with Harry McKenna, (Keenan Wynn) a longtime friend of his father. Harry explains the the Organization says that Harry broke "the agreement" and won't take his calls any longer. He would like Bishop to talk to them on his behalf. Bishop doesn't see what difference that will make, but Harry explains that the reverence they had for Bishop's father, might make them more agreeable. Over a drink, Harry reminds Bishop of a story about Harry, Bishop's father and Bishop as a boy on a fishing trip. Bishop had fallen overboard and couldn't swim, which prompted his father to say "he'll learn" not moving a muscle to help him. Harry recalls that he himself had to reach out and pull him back into the boat. Harry: Your old man, he laughed like hell! Bishop: That was a long time ago. Their visit is interrupted by Harry's son Steve (Jan-Michael Vincent) who shows up looking for money. Harry initially gives him a hard time before handing him the $1,000.00 he wants and Steve remarks, "My father gets uptight when I ask him for money he steals from other people." Harry apologizes for his son's manner and asks Bishop to call when he knows something. Bishop gets a delivery which is the contract on Harry. He pins up all of Harry's personal information and plans out the hit. He scouts a remote beach location and tells Harry the Organization has asked him to meet there. When they arrive, Bishop drives up to a hill overlooking Harry on the beach. He takes shots at Harry from his hidden location and then acts as if he's discovered a sniper and is attempting to help Harry get away. Harry runs to the car, exhausted and Bishop approaches him gun in hand revealing his intention. Bishop then suffocates Harry in the car. Bishop visits a girl (Jill Ireland) who role plays a rather mundane drama with him, playing his neglected girlfriend, including reading a letter she wrote, requiring him to comfort her. After they spend the night together, she announces that the letter was difficult and will cost him another hundred. He agrees, remarking that the letter was a good touch, recommending something like it for next time. Bishop runs into Steve again at Harry's funeral. Steve isn't too bothered by his father's death, describing his father to Bishop as "Harry McKenna, fixer extraordinaire, pusher, pimp, thief, arsonist..." Bishop asks, "You liked him a lot?" Bishop tells Steve that Harry had worked for his father years ago. Steve realizes that this means Bishop's father was in the Organization and he asks Bishop if he's in himself, surmising that he is although Bishop tries to change the subject, reminding him to pay attention to the funeral. When Bishop remarks on Steve being sure of himself he responds "I live in my mind, Mr. Bishop." Bishop: "Sounds like something I read someplace. Steve: And so do you. Bishop leaves the service and Steve asks him for a ride home. Bishop agrees and finds that Harry's (now Steve's) house is full of Steve's friends having a party. Wading through the crowd, Steve tells Bishop, "My father never really liked my friends, and I'm not so sure I do either." Steve gets a phone call from a girlfriend, Louise, threatening to kill herself. He asks Bishop if he'll come along to visit Louise. They find Louise with razor blades, preparing to slit her wrists. Steve makes a show of not caring and Louise cuts one of her wrists to prove she will, still getting no reaction from Steve or Bishop, other than Bishop telling her how long it will take her to die based on her weight. Louise insists that Steve will stop her before she dies, but Steve says "Listen, if you don't care anything about your life, then why should I?" Steve throws her some car keys and tells her she might live if she heads to the Sheriff's station in Malibu right away. Discussing the situation, and the idea of watching someone die, Bishop he tells Steve "It just means you have your own rule book." Steve: I can dig that. Bishop: It takes a very special kind of person to pick up the tab for that kind of living. You say you dig it, but you're talking about something you really know nothing about. Steve: And you do? Bishop: Do I? Bishop attends to his routines including martial arts, and knife throwing as well as talking a lot of pills. Visiting an aquarium he passes out, and wakes up in the hospital. The Doctor at the hospital recommends he see his own doctor, and says it sounds like he's experiencing "Acute Anxiety Reaction" adding that if it isn't that, he may want to try a psychiatrist. He wakes up the next morning to find Steve parked outside his house. Steve is impressed with his place and Bishop explains he inherited a lot. Steve tries to convince him to let him in on his "action" Bishop takes Steve out in a plane, letting go of the controls and forcing Steve to take over, which he quickly does. At a bar later, Bishop explains that his father was a "Judge" who had the final word settling Organization disputes,until someone didn't like a decision and put a contract out on him, when Bishop was sill in school. Steve shares that his father never let him in on anything, although he wanted to know the business. Bishop lets him witness a karate match which turns pretty brutal. Steve remarks "He practically murdered that guy." and Bishop answers "Murder is only killing without a license and everybody kills, governments, the military, the police." Steve: Do you think Yamato's a killer? Bishop: He's a killer that doesn't kill. It's funny. No, for him, the rules are important. Steve: That's your expert opinion? Bishop: That's my opinion. Steve points out that Bishop is being evasive about giving real answers. Bishop reminds him that he better be sure he wants the answers he's asking for. He asks Steve what he knows about the term "Mechanic" and Steve tells him it can be used as synonymous with hit man. Bishop reveals that's what he is and tells Steve that sometimes he could use a back up. Steve asks, "You do this for money?" Bishop: Money is paid, but that's not the motive. It has to do with standing outside of it all, on your own. He offers to teach Steve all he can, and confirming he's in, Steve says "You've got a partner Mr. Bishop." Bishop corrects him, "Associate." Steve demonstrates an aptitude for the work and they start training for real. Going through a museum Bishop tells Steve "There are killers and there are killers, to tell you the truth they all have a different book of rules. To get away with it depends on the book of rules you have in your pocket at the time, your own country, somebody else's country, or your own personal book of rules. All this (waves at the museum figures) heroes, half of them are killers. Napoleon was one you know, Pancho Villa, Genghis Khan, and the we have our own domestic brand, like Billy the Kid, Jesse James and John Dillinger. Yeah, they're about as famous as our own honest to goodness heroes." Bishop gets an assignment to kill three men, who are in the habit of riding around on dirtbikes, but live behind heavy security with constant guards on watch. Bishop includes Steve in the job, including the surveillance. Bishop surprises Steve by watching one of the men in a conversation via binoculars and reading their lips to discover a "Chicken Licken" truck set to arrive at the guarded compound for a delivery. Bishop finds vats of acid at a plating plant to dump the bodies afterwards. Steve and Bishop take the Chicken Licken truck and enter the compound. The hit is messy though and one of the men escapes forcing Bishop to chase the man on a dirtbike. Although the man ends up dead, the chase causes quite a commotion running through backyard parties and causing car accidents. Bishop is called to meet with one of the Organization heads. He takes a plane to meet a chauffeured car which brings him to the estate. The man (Frank DeKova) is paining a leopard which he has tied in the yard. The man comments that the last job was very messy and asks about Harry McKenna's son and how he's involved in things. Bishop takes exception at the thought of having to ask permission. The man reminds him that there are rules in place which ensure the Organization survives, implying that Bishop has broken a rule. He gives Bishop a new assignment saying it has to be done fast. Bishop: I'll handle it the way I always do. Man: There may not be time enough for that. The word is he's getting ready to talk to some people. The problem is considerable. Bishop: I'm not some wild Cleveland shooter. I don't cowboy! Man: If he talks, things could get complicated, sloppy. That would disturb a lot of us. It's not really open to discussion, Mr. Bishop. This business of McKenna's son has upset a few of our associates. The man tells him that the target is in Naples, where they have him a room already. Bishop gets home and heads to Steve's place. Finding Steve is out, he looks around and finds that Steve has taken a contract to kill him. He puts the papers back and goes home. When Steve shows up at Bishop's house later, he fills him in on the Naples job, telling him they want it "Cowboyed" He also tells Steve that he is nevertheless going to do it the way he's always done. They head to Naples and start watching the target, discovering that the man is very unpredictable, rarely doing the same thing twice, with the exception of returning to his boat. Bishop shares a local wine with Steve, explaining that it doesn't travel well and they don't export it. He reminds Steve to savor it and the time he has. He also gives Steve advice about planning hits, telling him, "You've got to be dead sure, or dead." Bishop tells Steve he'll pick up some scuba gear and they'll use it to get on the boat undetected to kill the target. They succeed and Bishop plans an explosive before they leave. As they get off the boat, some Organization men show up after them in speedboats. They watch as the men get blown up with the boat. Steve asks who the men are and Bishop explains that they're Organization men, after him because he broke a rule by not asking them to start training him. More men show up soon, leading to a car chase. Bishop blows up a car chasing them and then sends an exploding car into a roadblock set for him, and pushes the last pursuing car off the mountain road with a bulldozer he finds on the side of the road. Back at their room, Steve offers Bishop a glass of the local wine he likes. Steve watches with interest as Bishop has a sip. Bishop insects the glass himself suspiciously before picking up his bag to go, only to double over in pain. Steve says "Brucine! You'll be dead in a few minutes. Listen, you'll really appreciate this. This stuff is absolutely clear when it's in solution. I just coated the inside of the glass with it and let it dry. When the wine hit it it went right back into solution. No trace. Looks just like a heart attack." Bishop keeps struggling on the ground in agony. Steve continues "You said every man has his jelly spot. Yours was you just couldn't cut it alone." Bishop: Was it because of your father? Steve: You killed him? I thought he just died. You see? There you are. They told you who to hit. Kept the whole idea from being what we talked about. You needed a license, their license. I'm gonna pick my own mark, hit when I want. Just like you said, standing outside. See Naples and die." Steve heads to Bishop's place, as if making it his own. He picks up the ball Bishop would squeeze to strengthen his fingers and then gets into his car and finds a note taped to his rear view mirror. We hear Bishop reading it to him " Steve, if you read this it means I didn't make it back. It also means you've broken a filament controlling a thirteen second delay trigger. End of game. Bang, you're dead."
tt0076009
Horror
Father Philip Lamont (Richard Burton), is a priest struggling with his faith who attempts to exorcise a possessed South American girl living in a urban slum of Rio, Brazil, who claims to "heal the sick." The young woman then burns herself to death. Afterwards, Lamont returns to Vatican City where he is assigned by the Cardinal to investigate the death of Father Lankester Merrin, who had been killed four years prior in the course of exorcising the Assyrian demon Pazuzu from Regan MacNeil (Linda Blair). The Cardinal informs Lamont (who has had some experience at exorcism, and has been exposed to Merrin's teachings) that Merrin is up on posthumous heresy charges due to his controversial writings. Apparently, Vatican authorities are trying to modernize and do not want to acknowledge that Satan as an actual evil entity exists. Meanwhile, the teenage Regan, although now seemingly normal and staying with her guardian Sharon Spencer in New York while her mother is away on location filming a movie, continues to be monitored at a psychiatric institute by Dr. Gene Tuskin (Louise Fletcher). Regan claims she remembers nothing about her plight in Washington, D.C., but Tuskin believes her memories are only buried or repressed. Father Lamont visits the institute but his attempts to question Regan about the circumstances of Father Merrin's death are rebuffed by Dr. Tuskin, believing that Lamont's approach would do Regan more harm than good. In an attempt to plumb her memories of the exorcism, specifically the circumstances in which Merrin died, Dr. Tuskin hypnotizes the girl, to whom she is linked by a "synchronizer" (a biofeedback device used by two people to synchronize their brainwaves). After a guided tour by Sharon of the Georgetown house where the exorcism took place, Lamont returns to be coupled with Regan by synchronizer. The priest is spirited to the past by the demon Pazuzu to observe the young Father Merrin exorcising a young boy, named Kokumo, in Africa back in the 1930s. Learning that the boy developed special powers to fight Pazuzu, who appears as a swarm of locusts, Lamont travels to Africa, defying his superior, to seek help from the adult Kokumo (James Earl Jones). Lamont learns that Pazuzu attacks people who all have some form of psychic healing ability. Kokumo has since become a scientist, studying how to prevent grasshoppers from becoming locust swarms. At the same time back in the USA, Regan is able to reach telepathically inside the minds of others; she uses this to help an autistic girl to speak, for instance. Father Merrin belonged to a group of theologians who believed that psychic powers were a spiritual gift which would one day be shared by all humanity in a kind of global consciousness; and thought people like Kokumo and Regan were foreshadowers of this new type of humanity. In a vision, Merrin asks Lamont to watch over Regan. Upon arrival back in New York, Lamont and Regan return to the old house in Georgetown, Washington DC. The pair are followed by Tuskin and Sharon, concerned about Regan's safety. En route, Pazuzu tempts Lamont by offering him unlimited power, appearing as a succubus doppelganger of Regan. Lamont initially succumbs to the demon but is brought back by Regan and attacks the Regan doppelganger while a swarm of locusts deluge the pair and the entire house begins to crumble around them. However, Lamont manages to kill the Regan doppelganger by beating open its chest and pulling out its heart. Regan banishes the locusts (and Pazuzu) by enacting the same ritual attempted by Kokumo to get rid of locusts in Africa (although he failed and was possessed). Outside the house, Sharon dies from burn injuries after she immolates herself and Tuskin tells Lamont to watch over Regan. Regan and Lamont leave and Tuskin remains at the house to answer the police's questions about what just happened there.
tt0075265
Drama,Music,Romance
The opening scene takes place at a rock concert. The audience is getting restless, and even a child has got lost. Somebody throws some fireworks at other people and a fight breaks out. Finally, the star arrives on stage, but he is drunk. He sings one song and gets halfway through the second one when he forgets the lyrics of it completely. John Norman Howard (Kris Kristofferson) insults the audience, and then walks off the stage leaving behind only mayhem. His entourage gets frantic at him as they leave in the car. They, including Bobbie Ritchie (Gary Busey) are worried because John's attitude is horrible. Bobbie gives John some cocaine, as he does at several points during the movie. One of his band members offers him some adrenaline smuggled out of a hospital by somebody she knows. Another tries to convince him to sleep for a while, as the concert of the following day is really important. However, John insists on going out somewhere. He is taken to a bar where Esther Hoffman (Barbra Streisand) is singing her own songs. John has taken a bottle of whiskey with him but the bar is unlicensed and only tea, coffee or herbal tea is available to buy and the waitress tries to get John to give her the alcohol to look after until he leaves but John insists on keeping the bottle with him. Finally, Esther steps in the conversation and allows him to drink it as long as he doesn't make a scene while she is singing. John Howard gets mesmerized by Esther. Soon after, a couple of John's fans find him in the bar and intrude on him by sitting at his table uninvited. The male fan talks loudly over the singing even though John asks him not to. The fan, who is high on something, gets angry at John, asking if he thinks he's too good for them. The fan throws a punch and the two then end up in a fight. Esther and her backup singers take cover as the situation disintegrates. The bar owner manages to break up the fight, announces they are closing, and calls the police. Esther knows the publicity would be bad for John if he gets arrested, so she grabs John by the hand and helps him escape the crowd by ducking out of a back door and they get into John's car. They arrived at Esther's; he wants to come in but she says no and invites him to come back for breakfast, which he does. Over breakfast, he invites her to a concert that afternoon and she agrees to go. She travels there with him in his helicopter. At the concert, he starts singing and suddenly gets the idea of making her sing onstage. Esther runs backstage and John follows her. A male fan kisses John - who doesn't make a show out of it, but says that he doesn't like the fan, but his motorbike. The crazed fan gives him his motorbike. John jumps on the bike and starts riding around rather wildly, including going up on stage and doing 'donuts'. Unfortunately, he fails to realize he has snagged a cable, loses control of the bike and ends up going off the front of the stage taking a lot of speakers with him. The audience is getting mad at him and a riot begins. John is taken away by ambulance and all his entourage leave in the helicopter, everyone forgetting Esther and leaving her all on her own among the ruins. After a only slightly hurt John is released from hospital, he is resting at home by his pool. A radio DJ called Bebe Jesus (M.G. Kelly) intrudes on John's privacy by hovering over the swimming pool in a helicopter, dropping numerous advertising flyers all over John's yard and and loudly invites John to his studio over a lous speaker. John gets angry about the DJ's rudeness and shoots at he helicopter. Bebe Jesus then gets angry and threatens to not play any of John's songs in the future, and never to say his name again on his radio show. Days later, when John goes to the radio station with a case of expensive whiskey for Bebe Jesus to make peace with him. The radio disk jockey will not accept John's apology and insults John on air in front of his live audience calling John an alcoholic. By happenstance Esther is at the same radio station at the same time, taping a commericial, John is dismayed because Esther has not tried to get in touch with him. He asks one of his entourage if they tried her home and they say she wasn't home. When he does manage to find her, it turns out she tried calling him but three times the phone wasn't answered and the fourth time she heard a message saying the phone was disconnected. John thinks about it and tells her it would have been because his phone number is changed every six weeks to keep calls from fans in the middle of the night to a minimum because they keep finding out his number. John takes Esther to his mansion. He writes her name on the wall with a can of spray paint. There, they make love, have a bath together, and he listens to her ad-libbing on his piano. She thinks no one would be able to sing to the tune she has made up but he comes up with some lyrics on the spot and starts singing along to the music. Little by little, he starts to admire and encourage her. He even lends her his music band and studio time for her to record her own materials with her voice. One of the music producers complains that John hasn't recorded any new songs for a long time. The producer tells him that the musicians are good, but they don't fit Esther's music, style or voice. John disagrees but Esther steps in and changes some of the music to make it her own. John's manager Brian (Paul Mazursky) has signed him for a charity concert in favor of the American Indians. John doesn't want to do it but he is finally convinced as he needs to satisfy his public just this once, a concert which is supposed to go smoothly for once. When the day of the concert arrives, there is a huge crowd as usual. On the concert, John stops singing, stops the musicians, and tells the audience about a discovery of his. John has secretly arranged for Esther's backup singers to be there. Esther is forced to sing a song. Although the audience boos when she starts to sing she quickly wins them over and they wildly cheer for her afterwards. Realizing Esther's talent, John's manager wants to sign her. The media presents wants to interview and photograph her. John and Esther excape the frenzy in his flashy car. John tells her that she's succeeded. Esther tells John she wants them to get married. John tells her that he's no good for her but she persists. They get married in a rushed civil union. John takes Esther to a plot of land he has out west, but there is no home on it. They start working on the site and build a simple but lovely house. She wants to have a tour co-starring with him, but he thinks that she should do the tour on her own. She feels insecure and again asks him to go with her. He gets angry, because he doesn't want to go with her. Since John won't tour with her she stays home with him,being only a wife. Outside the house John creates more mayhem on his motorbikes. He jumps from some plank-boards and lands on the ground... without the motorbike. He pretends to be unconcious and Esther runs to take care of him, only to find out her's not hurt, just teasing her. She jokes that they won't be able to have children because he'll hurt himself doing crazy stunts. She teases him back, saying she doesn't like men with beards, so he tries to cut his off, but Esther won't let him. Brian arrives with a photographer (Sally Kirkland). Brian thinks that the bad publicity surrounding John would taint Esther's tour and that John should stay at home while she goes on tour. Brian tells John and John tells Esther while a photographer takes pictures of her. John finally accompanies her, but his idea of creating a new music band with his studio musicians called Freeway, but the idea seems to fall apart. Esther career takes off and stays up high. One evening John goes to the studio with intentions of buckling down and restarting his career. His band is there and are already recording when John walks in.One of them (Stephen Bruton) tells John that the group is now called Speedway, that they have gone on without him and are having quite a success. After all, they had to do something while John was frolicking with Esther. John is hurt and dismayed, but pretends not to be. To cover his disappointment and embarrassment John makes up a story and says that he has different plans: to go on a tour on his own, with only two musicians he found in a town bar. At home alone John is sad but begins to sing with his guitar, writing a new song, recording this on a tape recorder. He is interrupted by the phone. He picks it up: the voice is asking for Esther, wants to talk to her and asks him whether he is his secretary. John doesn't pick the phone anymore. John tells Esther - when she arrives after another successful gig - that many people are looking for her. She asks him what happened to his idea of going on tour with his old band, but John doesn't want to talk about it, and goes to drink some more. The Grammy Awards: John supposed to be there and Esther keeps looking around for him. When John doesn't show up Esther wants to leave, but Brian and Freddie Lowenstine (Joanne Linville) stops her. Esther wins the award for Best Female Singer. While she is giving her acceptance speech, John arrives completely drunk and makes a scene, going up on stage with Esther. Esther thanks two people for her success - one of them is John. John knows he's disappointed her by his behavior since they have been married, so he says that Esther doesn't owe anything anybody and goes on to insult the audience and the whole music industry Esther and John try to leave, practically running away. The journalists run after them. In their blind rush to escape the couple falls down, John landing on Esther. One of the journalists asks John if he has resorted to violence with his wife. John punches the guy, making a bad situation even worse. Esther is outraged at the paparazzi and tries to stop them. When she finds they won't stop,she helps John up and leaves with him. Esther's success goes on. She goes on tour, this time on her own. Brian is her manager as well. Once, while she is being hurried on by the light technicians and there are problems with the synch of singing and the descent of some stairs, she tries to talk to Brian. John is writing songs again, many of them, but in a different way. Brian finally agrees to give John a last chance. After all, and although he doesn't want to admit it, he appreciates him. Brian feels that he can't save John no matter what he does. Brian calls on John and listens to the songs, and does like them. Brian tells him that these songs are different to what he used to do, but that he would like to have them recorded anyway, but suggests John release some of his old hits along with the new stuff, in case the public won't accept his new image. However, John's wants to go with the new stufff only, so he turns down the offer, saying that he is going to record the new songs with other musicians and producers. John leaves for his LA mansion, all on his own. However, he finds a "squatter". Quentin (Marta Heflin) is swimming half-naked on his swimming-pool. Quentin seeming high on something. John is rude to Quentin. He wants her to go away. She writes for Rolling Stone and other magazines. She says she would do anything to get an exclusive interview... with Esther! When Esther arrives soon after, she finds them in bed together. Quentin begins to interview Esther nonchalantly, as thought it's no big deal that Esther has caught her in bed with John. Esther is in shock and remains motionless and speechless. John tells Quentin to get the hell out, and she does so in anger, on the way telling Esther nothing really happened because John couldn't get an erection. Esther leaves the bedroom and smashes some vases and all the bottles of alcohol of John. She slaps him but John doesn't defend himself. She tells him he is not going to destroy her life like he has destroyed his own. In spite of her anger, Esther finds she still loves John and can't leave him. They go to their small home out west in the middle of nowhere. One day, John goes alone to the airport to pick someone up and bring them back. He takes his flashy sports car, puts on some of Esther's songs and purposefully drives recklessly and much too fast, ignoring the traffic signs on the road. A helicopter in the middle of nowhere. The red sports car has had an accident. John is dead. Esther runs to him but it's useless. Esther asks for a blanket. She cries in silence. She wonders what she would do without him. He is taken away in an ambulance. Back at that huge mansion John had bought, Esther is alone, staring at the wall, still struggling to accept that John is dead. She runs downstairs when she hears John's voice. John is calling out, demanding someone else answer the phone. A mover comes from another part of the house asking if she knows how to turn off the tape recorder that's playing that old song writing session John's taped, during which the phone had started ringing. The next shot is of John's funeral procession going slowly down the freeway. The DJ who wouldn't accept John's apology, is heard on the radio saying that John was one of his closest friends and that John was one of the greats. At Esther's next concert, as she steps up to the microphone and the lights are dimmed, the entire audience quietly raises candles as tribute to her lost husband. Touched, Esther softly begins singing one of John's trademark songs that his group performed early in the film, but as a ballad rather than a rock song. It gradually leads into more powerful singing, all of it focusing on their love, the impact he had on her life and the effect on her of his loss.
tt0075163
Drama,War
Around the beginning of II Word War, a nazi's officer sets a plan in order to have arian, party's faithful women as whores for SS, and to use hers reports in order to obtain power and conquer one of them, Margherita. But she have other plans. The film pretends to be a "serious" movie, not a porn or even erotic one. Of course, it has a lot of sex in it, but never vulgar or plain. Nice art direction, some worthy cabaret shows, superb Ingrid Thulin's acting and a nice Helmut Berger, with the beautiful Teresa Ann Savoy as the main character. Maybe not completely accomplished task, but still a valuable effort to create an erotic fantasy with a real plot.
tt0090655
Horror,Mystery
In the cellar of her house, Muffy St. John (Deborah Forman) picks up a jack-in-the-box, and thinks back to her 10th birthday party where she received it as a birthday gift (a tiny alien which jumped out and scared her, making the other party guests laugh). Meanwhile, a group of young college students wait at a dock to be picked up by a ferry and transported to Muffy's island cottage for the weekend. They include Kit (Amy Steel), and her boyfriend Rob (Ken Olandt), Nikki (Deborah Goodrich) and her boyfriend Chaz (Clayton Rohner), and Arch (Thomas F. Wilson) whom are best friends. The rest of the group includes Nan (Leah King Pinsent), Hal (Jay Baker), and Muffy's cousin Skip (Griffin ONeal). On the ferry, Skip and Arch play a game of 'stretch' (throwing a switchblade and both trying to stretch for it), until an irritated Arch throws the blade at Skip and hits him in the stomach. Skip falls off into the water in which the ferry crewman Buck (Mike Nomad) and Rob jump in only to see Skip with a trick knife-belt. Skip and Arch laugh at their April Fool's Day joke which happens to be that very day. Buck stays in the water and tries to hook the ferry as it comes into the dock, and as the group argues, Buck is hit by the ferry. He jumps out of the water with a chopped face. Buck is taken away by the ferryman (Lloyd Berry) in a motorboat screaming "they did it!" A local policeman, Constable Porter (Tom Heaton), is angry at the kids for letting this prank get out of control and tells them to stay put on the island as he accompanies Buck to the local hospital. Muffy takes the group up to her house where she shows them the living and dining room areas and shows them their quarters to spend the night. That evening, the group sits around the dinner table as Skip, still upset over what happened to Buck, stays outside and drinks. Muffy, with a smirk on her face, invites everyone for dinner as Nan sits on a whoopee cushion, and Arch leans back in a breakaway chair. They talk over what they will do after graduation in which Muffy tells them about her inheriting her father's house and talks about turning it into a country inn. They drink to a toast as Muffy's smirk gives away another gag she sets up as everyone spills champagne on themselves from the trick drippy glasses as Muffy laughs. They retire to their rooms for the night as they encounter more gags left behind my Muffy, which includes a trick cigar that blows up when Hal lights it; spurting water faucets, and trick lights that don't turn off. Hal finds snipped newspaper articles about people dying in a fog and a fire, which he apparently was involved in some years back. Arch finds a drug paraphernalia in his bathroom cabinet which he is disturbed by over his past as a junkie. Nikki finds a studded collar with a chain in which her reaction gives away her interest in S&M and bondage. Nan comes out of the shower when she hears a baby cry, and she finds a tape recorder playing in her drawer which makes her upset. Outside, a drunken Skip enters the boathouse near the dock when he is grabbed by someone. The next day, Kit and Rob find Muffy in the kitchen cooking breakfast with her hair astray and acting strange. The group enjoys hanging around the back yard, while Nan tries to chase down Muffy. Rob is still upset about his own discovery in his and Kit's bedroom where his counselor informed her that he was not serious enough to get into medical school. He and Kit go to the boathouse to kiss when Kit sees Skip float by and the two of them run to tell the others. Chaz finds Skip's broken and bloody trick switchblade, but no trace of Skip's body. Arch suggests that it is Buck who has returned to seek his revenge for his being maimed the previous day. Meanwhile, Nan catches up to Muffy and angrily tells her about finding the cassette-tape joke, and Muffy claims not to know what Nan is talking about. Nan tells Muffy that she had an abortion some years back and kept it quiet between them. In the woods, as Arch is running through to the house, he gets caught in a trap when he is hung upside down by a snare, while a snake is on the ground trying to bite him. An unseen person appears, kicks away the snake, and stands over Arch who screams. On the same path a few minutes later, no one can find Arch. Rob tries to call the police on the house phone, but is unable to get through. When the water faucets in the house turn off, Hal and Nikki go to the nearby well. Hal accidentally drops the bucket into the well and does not want to go down to retrieve it. Nikki climbs down into the well when a rung breaks, making her fall into the water. As Hal climbs down to help her, Nikki finds the severed head of Arch, as well as Nan's dead body in the well. That evening back at the house, Constable Porter calls and says that he is at the hospital with Buck and tells them that he is coming to the island with an important thing to tell them and he will send a flare up at the dock when he arrives. Aware that there is a killer out there, the group goes around locking all the doors and windows of the house. In the study, Kit finds an old photograph of twins. Nikki says that Muffy has been acting strange all day and looks different from a pasty white face to her Catholic Girls School clothing as well as mentions the clodhopper "nurse shoes" that she also is wearing. Hal mentions that he heard Muffy and Nan arguing earlier about something in Nan's room, referencing an abortion that Nan was rumored to have gotten. They talk about the things found in their rooms when Muffy enters and says that she is going to bed. Chaz and Nikki go upstairs to their room as Rob heads up to the attic to keep an eye out for the constable. Kit goes off with Rob while Hal stays to watch the rooms downstairs. As Nikki packs her bags to leave, Chaz tries to calm her down by putting on a leather mask. Annoyed, Nikki pushes him to the bed and leaves the room. Nikki returns to see Chaz lying still on her bed. He does not respond to her and when she moves his hands away from his crotch, she sees blood. She is approached by someone standing behind the door. In the attic, Rob tells Kit that no one is to be left alone with Muffy for he does not trust her. They find a collection of dolls, apparently representing dead people, and a red flare goes off in the distance outside. They run out of the attic and call to everyone, but cannot find the others. The two enter Nikki and Chaz room only to find a bloody room, but no bodies. Kit runs into Muffy's room and finds Hal dead after being tied up and hung. In a panic, Kit and Rob run outside and to the dock where they pull in a motorboat, but no one is on board. They find a letter on the boat addressed to Constable Potter which talks of "Miss St. John", a dangerous mental patient who escaped several days ago from a clinic. Kit says it can't be Muffy for she was with her at Vassar all that time. They try to start up the boat to leave, but the keys are gone having been taken by Constable Potter who has gone off. Rob says that there are a spare set of keys to the boat in the house and the two of them return to find the house totally dark with all the doors and windows closed, and the shades pulled down. They enter through a cellar window where they see a bloody trail and find Muffy's clothes from the night before in the basement fireplace. Height measurements are found on one of the basement walls for 'Muffy' and 'Buffy'. Kit recalling the photo of the twins, says that it must be Muffy's twin sister, Buffy, who has been doing all the killing. Kit and Rob see eyes looking at them from behind a painting and, after pulling it away, discover Muffy's severed head. They run up to the kitchen to find the keys for the boat when Muffy/Buffy appears at the back door armed with a large breaking knife, trying to get inside. Buffy forces the door open and pushes Rob into a closet and locks it and goes after Kit, who runs into the dining room and tries to reason with the pasty-faced, wild-eyed Buffy who does not respond and terrorizes her with the breaking knife. Kit pushes Buffy back when she tries to stab her and runs into the adjacent living room to find all of the dead people, alive and well, sitting around the room. Buffy walks in and.... pushes the fake blade of the breaking knife into her hand as she everyone else looks up at Kit and yell... APRIL FOOLS!!!!!! Buck appears in the closet with Rob, pulls off his prosthetic injury, and slaps it on Rob's face and unlocks the closet door for him. Rob runs out and into the living room where everyone laughs some more. Kit and Rob are relived, but not amused at this giant practical joke on them. Muffy thanks all of them for participating and helping out. She tells everyone about her idea about making the house into a country inn, but having a special type of "whodunit weekend" where guests are to figure out a simulated mystery and she wanted a "rehearsal". Once a person was "killed" they were let in on the joke, with Rob and Kit being the last ones left and the winners who figured it all out. Muffy explains that her twin sibling is actually her cousin Skip, Constable Potter is actually her wealthy uncle, and Buck is a make-up artist who constructed all the severed heads and fake bodies. Even the ferryman was in on the whole thing as well. Muffy apologies for some of the more personal jokes, and the group drinks from dozens of bottles of champagne that Muffy brings out and they all have a happy good time. Later that night, a very inebriated Muffy returns to her bedroom for the night when she finds a package on her bed and upon opening it up finds a jack-in-the-box. As Muffy warily beings turning it to open, the jack jumps out when suddenly Nan jumps out behind the bed, grabs Muffy by the hair, gorily slices her throat, and Muffy screams. Nan smiles and shows Muffy the fake knife with the fake blood spraying from it, as a final back-at-you joke. "April Fools" says Nan to Muffy, as the jack-in-the-box winks at the viewers.
tt0091799
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The film begins with Maureen Coyle (Diana Scarwid), a mentally unstable young nun, on top of a bell tower about to commit suicide. When another nun tries to get her to come down, Maureen accidentally pushes her over the railing to her death. Another nun tells Maureen that she will burn in hell for what she did. She is forced to leave the convent after this ordeal. She walks through the desert for a while, and finally reaches a highway. A beat-up car approaches and passes her, but backs up upon seeing her. The driver, Duane Duke (Jeff Fahey) offers her a ride. She puts her suitcase in the backseat and in doing so, bumps his guitar. He tells her to be careful with it, because it is his "bread and butter"--he is on his way to Los Angeles to make it big as a rock-n'-roll singer. She says that she's having car problems, and that the problem is that there is no car. They continue driving into the night during a heavy rainstorm. Duane can barely see ahead of him but keeps on driving aggressively, and the car begins to weave between the lanes. The car is having engine problems, and a loud popping sound causes Duane to swerve the car to the other side of the road. Duane pulls the car off the road, and tells Maureen that they aren't going any further, due to the storm. He advises her to try to get some sleep. During the middle of the night, it is still raining, and Duane makes a pass at her. She struggles to fight him off, and slaps his face. She gets out of the car, and he angrily tosses her suitcase out into a muddy puddle. Duane drives off, leaving Maureen sobbing. The next morning at the Bates Motel, Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins) collects some dead birds in a paper sack from the ground, thanks to some poisoned birdseed he kept in a birdfeeder, and stuffs them in the kitchen using his taxidermy supplies. On the table is a newspaper opened up to an article entitled, "Spool Still Missing." Norman has a flashback of him killing Emma Spool (Claudia Bryar, from the end of Psycho II), and when he looks down at the bird he is stitching up, he instead sees a hand and arm being stitched together! He is startled when the paper sack moves along the tabletop by itself, and is relieved to see a healthy bird pop out. Norman carefully grasps the bird in his hands and releases it outside. He hears a car horn blaring, and comes down to meet Duane. Duane is interested in the "help wanted" sign posted on the office window. Norman offers him a job as an assistant manager for the motel, and Duane accepts, mentioning that he only wants to stay long enough to earn money to fix his car to go to L.A. Norman goes off to the diner (Statlers) where he used to work to get some food. At the diner, Ralph Statler (Robert Alan Browne)--the owner--is having a conversation with Sheriff John Hunt (Hugh Gillin) about Emma Spool. He is confused as to why she would suddenly not show up for work a month ago and disappear, after normally being a stellar employee since he took over the diner from the previous owner, Harvey Leach (Hugo L. Stanger) seven years earlier. --Sheriff Hunt says that her apartment has been searched and nothing seems out of the ordinary. Ralph hopes that nothing serious has happened to her, displaying a worried look on his face. Tracy Veneble (Roberta Maxwell), a nosy magazine reporter, chimes in and suggests that Norman may have had something to do with her disappearance. She came from L.A. to interview Norman about the subject of the insanity defense and the rehabilitation of mentally ill murderers. Sheriff Hunt and Ralph argue with her and tell her to leave him alone in peace. Just then, Norman walks in and sits down in a booth. He orders a meal and gets an order of burgers to go. Tracy sits down across from him and starts to ask him some questions. He opens up to her and explains that what happened to him in the past stays with him and he can't escape the reality of what he did. As they are talking, Maureen gets out of a semi truck and comes into the diner. Norman is horrified to see her initials on her suitcase--"M.C." Norman has a flashback to the murder of Marion Crane from 22 years earlier-he notices that Maureen is almost an exact look-alike to Marion. He pays for the food and quickly leaves while Tracy keeps droning on and on. Back at the motel, Duane sees an exhausted Maureen walking toward the highway. He apologizes to her for his behavior the night before (he says he was road-weary) and offers her a motel room that she can rest in. She pays him $25 for the room, and he gives her the key to cabin #1. As she leaves, Duane keeps the $5 bill she gave him, folds over the edge of one corner, and puts it in his pocket. Norman walks by and sees her going into the room. He freaks out and goes back to the house. Norman has a conversation with "Mother (Virginia Gregg's voice)," the stuffed corpse of Mrs. Spool. He tells "her" about Maureen resembling Marion, and "she" tells him to get rid of her if her presence upsets him. He refuses, and Mother says that maybe she will do it instead. Maureen unpacks her suitcase in cabin 1. She sees a copy of the Bible on the nightstand, and she has a traumatic memory of her actions at the convent. She starts to cry. In Fairvale, Duane goes into a bar and sees Tracy Veneble. He introduces himself to her and lights her cigarette for her. She initially is turned off by him, but when she sees his Bates Motel matchbook, she decides to have a talk with him. In the motel office parlor, Norman takes a picture off the wall, and looks through a peephole into cabin 1. He sees Maureen stripping and going into the bathroom nude. Norman goes back up to the house and puts on his "Mother" costume and goes back to cabin 1 to kill her. Maureen is in the shower, and "Mother" pulls back the shower curtain. Maureen is sitting in a tub of rising bloody water. A razor blade sits nearby. She lifts up her hands to reveal that her wrists were slit, with blood gushing out of the wounds. Due to her blood loss, Maureen hallucinates that "Mother" is the Virgin Mary coming to save her. Meanwhile, Duane and Tracy continue talking about Norman. Tracy says she will pay Duane for any information he gives her. Unexpectedly, she gets up and leaves. Duane notices a red-haired girl (Juliette Cummins) staring at him. At St. Matthew's Hospital, Maureen is in a room recovering from her suicide attempt. Father Brian (Gary Bayer), a psychiatrist, is sitting by her bedside and introduces himself to her. Outside her room, Norman and Sheriff Hunt are waiting. Tracy shows up and claims that she happened to be passing by the motel and saw the ambulance leaving and decided to follow it. She asks how Norman found out about Maureen. Sheriff Hunt chimes in and says he was bringing fresh towels to Maureen's motel room when he found her in the bathtub after she cut her wrists and he used her room phone to call for an ambulance, repeating what Norman had told him. Father Brian comes out and tells Norman that Maureen wants to see him. Maureen thanks Norman for finding her and calling for help. He is just glad that he was looking out for someone else. He tells her that she can stay at the motel for free as long as she wants until she gets better and can sort her life out. He leaves her room to let her rest, and goes back home. He accuses Mother of hurting Maureen, and says that he is glad that Maureen didn't die. Mother replies, "She will!" Duane brings the red-haired girl back to the motel. They overhear Norman yelling at Mother. They just assume the noise is due to a loud TV. Red tries to open the ice chest next to the office to get some ice, but it is locked. She bumps into Norman and falls to the ground. He opens the chest for her and she gets some ice and asks him to join her and Duane; he politely declines. Red and Duane make love, and later she comes out of the shower. She goes over to Duane to kiss some more and he isn't interested anymore. She is upset because she wants this relationship to be more than just a one-night fling, and he tells her to leave and gives her $5 for cab fare, the same $5 that Maureen used to help pay for cabin #1. He tosses her and her clothes out the door. She puts her clothes on and goes into to a phone booth nearby to call for a cab. She realizes she put her shirt on backward and takes it off to put it back on correctly. Suddenly, Mother's hand bursts through the glass door, opens it, and stabs her over and over again. Red struggles to fight off Mother's attack, and she severely cuts the bottoms of her bare feet from stumbling on the glass shards on the floor, blood squishing out. Red crumples to the ground and Mother turns around and leaves. Back at the house, Norman cries, "Mother! Oh God, Mother! Blood! Blood!" The next morning, Duane comes out of his cabin and sees Norman scrubbing the glass walls of the phone booth with soapy water. Duane goes into the office and sees that the $5 bill he gave Red for cab fare is in the cash drawer. At the hospital, Maureen is having a counseling session with Father Brian. She tells him that it was her idea to become a nun, but that as the time grew close to take her final vows of celibacy, she became scared and was dwelling on lustful thoughts. Father Brian asks her why she didn't just leave the novitiate, rather than be tormented by those thoughts. Duane talks to Tracy at the motel about the $5 bill he discovered in the drawer. She tells him it may have helped solve the mystery if he knew the girl's name. The motel is bustling with activity because Fairvale's homecoming football game is later in the day, and several guests have checked into rooms. Norman and Maureen arrive in a cab, and he sees Tracy going up to the house. She wants to continue her interview with him, but he stops her and tells her to leave and never come back. Norman goes into cabin 1, and Maureen is pleased to find that Norman had her wet clothes sent to the dry-cleaner's. He tells her that she'll look good in her pink dress on their dinner date later on. At Mrs. Spool's apartment, Tracy talks with the landlord. He says that other than coming and going for work, Mrs. Spool stayed home. The landlord leaves, and Tracy decides to stay and snoop for a while. She glances at some magazines on a coffee table and a single phone number is written on the covers several times. She dials the number on the phone, and she discovers that it connects her to the Bates Motel. That evening, Norman takes Maureen out to eat at a fancy restaurant in Fairview. After eating, they get up to dance. At first, Maureen doesn't feel comfortable, but Norman teaches her the basic "box" step movements. Back at the motel, a cab drops Maureen and Norman off. Maureen goes into her room, and Norman follows soon after. He sees her staring toward the house. He asks her what is wrong, and she says that she must have had too much to drink--she thought she saw a woman up in the window at the house. Uncomfortable, Norman goes to tell Duane that he can take off for the night, and then goes back to Maureen. She tells him she enjoyed her time with him earlier. They lay down on the bed and kiss. Norman stops kissing her, and he says he doesn't feel right about this. Maureen eases his discomfort by suggesting they just lie on the bed and hold each other. Later that night, Maureen is asleep and Norman is gone. Patsy Boyle (Katt Shea Reuben), a guest from another cabin, comes in to wake her and warns her about the door being left wide open. She tells Maureen that she'll close it for her, in case one of her drunk friends might happen to wander inside. Up at the house, Mother scolds Norman for letting Maureen come between them. She starts whispering something to him, and he is about to put on the dress and wig. Maureen comes up to the front door and calls out his name. Mother tells him to bring her the knife. He is shocked to see her dead body sit up in bed. Norman takes the knife in his hand, wraps his fingers around the blade, and slams his hand down on a table. He yelps in pain. Concerned, Maureen asks what is wrong. He feigns ill, and tells her to go back to her cabin and lock her door. Soon after, Norman leaves, dressed to kill. Meanwhile, Patsy Boyle is looking for a bathroom to use. She sees the one in the parlor, and sits down on the toilet to relieve herself. Suddenly, she looks up in surprise and sees Mother standing directly in front of her. She tells Mother that the bathroom is "occupied," and Mother thrusts the knife, slitting her throat, and stabbing her in the stomach. Patsy keels over and falls to the floor. Later, Norman goes into the parlor looking for Duane, and he recoils in shock from seeing the bloody mess. Norman takes her body out of the bathroom and tosses it out the window behind the motel. Some partiers are chasing each other around the building, and Norman hides himself and the body momentarily. The guests all get into their cars and leave, burning rubber on their way out to the highway. The next morning, Maureen comes out of her cabin to see the sheriff's car outside. Worried, she asks about Norman. Tracy is there too, and she decides it's time to tell Maureen the truth about Norman. Sheriff Hunt and Deputy Leo (Steve Guevara) are investigating the disappearance of Patsy Boyle. She didn't ride home with the other revelers, and they go up to the house where they question Norman about it. Norman figures that Tracy assumed he was involved. Deputy Leo searches the first floor level, and then goes to search upstairs. Terrified that they'll discover Mrs. Spool's corpse, Norman runs up after him, with Sheriff Hunt in pursuit. Norman sees that there is no body in Mother's room. Bewildered by Norman's antics, Hunt and Leo leave. Shortly after, Norman is sitting by the ice machine by the motel. Sheriff Hunt apologizes to Norman for their intrusion, and he opens the ice chest to grab a couple of ice cubes to suck on. There are human fingers sticking up out of the ice, but he doesn't see them. He puts bloody ice cubes in his mouth (he doesn't notice this-he grabs them without looking at them) and vehemently ignores Tracy's pleas to take Norman in for questioning about the disappearances of Mrs. Spool and Patsy, because there is no proof that he did anything. Maureen lies to Hunt, and claims that she was with Norman until 6:00 that morning, so he couldn't have done anything wrong. Hunt and Leo leave, and Tracy waits for Maureen to get in her car--she told her everything about Norman, and Maureen tells a disappointed Norman that she'll stay with Father Brian for a while. They drive off. Norman looks around the house looking for Mother. She is nowhere to be found. In the kitchen, he sees a note from Mother: "Norman--I'm in cabin 12. Come see me." Norman walks along the front of the motel and approaches cabin 12, which is Duane's cabin. On the TV is a Woody Woodpecker cartoon. Mother is sitting in front of the TV. On the bed, Duane--high on drugs and alcohol--plays his guitar. "What are you doing with my mother?" Norman asks him. Duane replies, "Don't you mean, Mummy?" in a mocking tone. Norman asks him why he took her and left the note for him to find. "I'm just looking out for you Norman," says Duane. "And yourself," Norman says. Duane continues, "I have ambitions--dreams, but dreams don't come cheap these days. I could've turned 'mom' over to the cops this afternoon, but all I would've gotten was a pat on the back for doing my civic duty." He tells her that Tracy would've payed him a big sum of money, but figures that she would lie and take all the credit and earn a big salary and earn a news position somewhere. Duane blackmails Norman into selling the house and motel in order to give Mother over to Norman. Norman tells him that he wants Mother back. Duane tells him he can take her--Duane says, "You know what I want, and you know what I'll do if I don't get it." Norman hits Duane in the head with an ashtray. A violent fight breaks out with Norman hitting Duane with a lamp, and ultimately, hitting Duane with his own guitar. "Watch the guitar," Duane mumbles. Norman hits him with the guitar repeatedly, until the guitar is broken into several pieces. Duane crumples to the floor, unconscious. At the diner, Ralph, Myrna (Lee Garlington)--a waitress, and Tracy are discussing Mrs. Spool. Ralph tells Tracy that Mrs. Spool was a good employee, and was already working there when Ralph bought the place. Tracy asks about the diner's former owner, Harvey Leach, in the hopes that she can find out more about Mrs. Spool from him. Myrna says that Harvey is in a nursing home outside of town. Tracy visits Harvey, and she asks him about Mrs. Spool. He tells her that Emma had been put in an asylum for killing someone. At Father Brian's office, Maureen has decided to forgive Norman and wants to be back with him. She has failed other people before, but she won't fail him. At a library, Tracy looks through old archived newspaper articles, and is shocked to see a headline reading: "Sister arrested in Bates Murder-Kidnapping." Below it is a sub-heading: "Child Unharmed in Love Triangle Tragedy." In Duane's motel room, Norman removes his belongings and wraps his body in the shower curtain. "I'll be back for you mother," Norman says. Norman opens the ice chest and tries to remove Patsy's body from it. One of her arms is wedged against the top of the chest and won't move, and Norman tries with all his strength to pull it loose, but the arm snaps off. He finally gets the body out of the ice chest, and he kisses her on the lips before putting her in the trunk of Duane's car. Norman puts Duane's body in the back seat of the car and drives it over to the swamp. On the way, Duane wakes up and wraps a cord around Norman's neck. Startled, Norman slams his foot down on the brake pedal and the momentum causes Duane to lurch forward into the front passenger seat. Norman pins Duane down on the floor of the car with his foot, and the other foot accidentally presses down on the gas pedal, sending the car into the swamp. As the car fills with water, Norman sees Duane drowning. Norman manages to escape the flooding car and swims away from it. He struggles to see in the murky water, navigating through underwater weeds. He lets out a scream when he sees Red's body--her pale, expressionless face staring back at him. He surfaces, and crawls his way out of the swamp. Meanwhile, Tracy shows copies of the newspaper articles to Father Brian, hoping that if Maureen would see them, she could change her story to the police. He tells her Maureen already left and went back to the motel. In her room, Maureen has showered and put on a nightgown. She hears Norman running up the steps to the house, and she calls out to him. He ignores her and runs into the house. She walks up to the house and enters it. As she walks up the staircase, she calls out to Norman again and explains that she has returned. She says that she never should have left and she forgives him for what happened to him in the past, and emphasizes that he saved her life. Norman appears at the top of the stairs. She asks him what happened. He lies and says that he slipped in the mud. She says that she regrets hurting him by leaving, and asks for his forgiveness. They hold each other's hands and have a brief tender moment. Suddenly, Mother yells, "Norman!" Surprised by this, Norman lets go of Maureen's hands, sending her falling backward down the stairs, arms flailing. At the bottom of the stairs, her skull is pierced by the arrow of the cupid statue against the wall. She crumples to the floor... dead. Norman, in shock, runs down the stairs and sees that blood is pooling around her head. He angrily yells "Mother!!" at the top of his lungs. Tracy drives up to the motel, and, carrying a tire iron, checks Maureen's cabin. She overhears Mother saying to Norman, "You get that whore out of my house. Throw it out in the muck and filth where she belongs!" Norman says, "I'll get you for this, Mother." Mother replies back, "You haven't got the guts, boy!" Tracy goes up to the house and tries to open the front door, but it's locked. She goes around the back and enters the kitchen. She slowly walks through the hallway into the foyer, and sees the living room lit up with dozens of candles. She sees Maureen's body laying on the couch, with a lit candle positioned in her grasped hands. With pity, she says, "You dumb, stupid naive girl." She turns around and is shocked to see Norman dressed up as Mother, his mouth fixed in a wide, skeletal smile. "Why can't you leave my poor son, my Norman, alone?" says Mother. Tracy drops the tire iron and tries to escape from him. She begins to go up the stairs, with Norman slowly in pursuit. "What set you off again, Norman? Was it Mrs. Spool? You killed her, didn't you? What did she do--come to you and tell you she was your mother? She was crazy, Norman--she wasn't your mother, and neither are you!" She reaches the tops of the stairs, Norman still following her. "Mrs. Spool was your aunt, Norman. She was in love with your father, but your mother stole him away from her! Emma Spool killed your father in a jealous rage and kidnapped you when you were just a baby!" In Mother's room, she turns around and lets out a horrified shriek when she sees Mrs. Spool's corpse sitting in a chair. "She killed your father because she thought you were her child--the child she should have had with him! She was crazy--they locked her away!" Mother says, "It's lies! It's all lies! She's a lying whore. She's a slut! Don't let her talk about me like that!" Norman, seemingly free of Mother's spell, takes off the wig and dress. "Get her boy, get her! Just like all the others!" continues Mother. Norman raises the knife, and it looks as though he is going to attack Tracy, but instead, Norman stabs Mrs. Spool's body at the neck. "Norman! Can't you do anything right?" says Mother. Norman continues hacking at the neck, with sawdust spraying out. "How dare you treat your mother that way!" The corpse slides out of the chair and onto the floor. Norman hacks with the knife until the head is completely severed and rolls to the side. "So I don't have the guts, huh?" taunts Norman. Exhausted, Norman rests his head on the chair. The next morning, Sheriff Hunt leads Norman away from the house in handcuffs. A TV news crew is there filming. Tracy and Father Brian are both in shock. Hunt is in total disbelief with Norman, telling him that he believed in him and had faith in him and now that Norman, as "Mother" killed more people. He puts Norman in the back of the squad car, and tells him, "You'll never get out again! They'll lock you up forever!" In response, Norman replies, "But I'll be free. I'll finally be free." As the squad car drives along the highway, Norman reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a victory trophy: the severed rotting hand of Mrs. Spool. He gently caresses it as he smiles as the image fades to black.
tt0078966
Drama,Thriller
TV news reporter Kimberly Wells (Jane Fonda) and her freelance cameraman Richard Adams (Michael Douglas) visit the Ventana nuclear power plant outside Los Angeles as part of a series of news reports on energy production. Kimberly is an ambitious reporter who wants to become a "hard news" reporter, however, her superiors seem to be holding her back due to inexperience at reporting hard news and perhaps because she's a woman. As such, Kimberly reports stories of local interest that contain little substance. While watching the Ventana control room from an observation area with public relations officer, Bill Gibson, the plant goes through a reactor SCRAM, a temporary shutdown of part or all of the plant. Shift supervisor Jack Godell (Jack Lemmon), initially believing the SCRAM to be standard, notices what he believes to be an unusual vibration during the SCRAM. On the control console, a chart recorder indicates that the water level in the reactor core has risen to an abnormally high level. The crew begins opening relief valves in an effort to prevent too much water from damaging the plant, but the chart continues to indicate an off-scale level. Minutes later a crew member notices an alternate gauge on the control panel showing that the water level is dangerously low. Suspecting that the recorder pen may be stuck, Godell taps on the glass cover. He and crew chief Ted Spindler (Wilford Brimley) watch, sickened, as the pen trace rapidly drops to show that the water level is now mere inches away from exposing the reactor core, and still falling. The staff scrambles to close the relief valves and restore the coolant systems, but for several agonizing minutes no one knows whether the core is about to undergo a disastrous meltdown. Eventually, backup systems are able to slow and reverse the falling water level, and the reactor is brought under control. In the observation gallery looking over the control room, Richard, when told he was not permitted to film the control room for security reasons, has tucked the camera under his arm and surreptitiously films the incident. Because the glass is soundproof, the visitors can only guess as to what is happening, however, the panic of the crew is quite apparent, as is their relief when the danger has passed. When they return to the television station, excited about the event and the illegal footage they have of it, the station's news director, Don Jacovich (Peter Donat) after receiving a phone call from his superior, refuses to air the footage, citing federal law and fearing criminal prosecution from Ventana's parent company. Jacovich orders the film to be stored in the vault until the investigation of the accident is completed. Richard and Kimberly protest abut Jacovich refuses to allow the story. A day or two later Kimberly meets with Jacovich and Richard, who are arguing loudly over the official statement released by Ventana, which referred to the near-meltdown as an "unexpected transient", a term that makes no sense. Jacovich also explains the federal law that prevents them from broadcasting Richard's film, emphasizing that it's a felony to do so. Believing that there is more to the story than is indicated in the plant's official statement, Richard insults Jacovich and steals the film from the station vault. When she returns home, Kimberly finds a harsh message on her answering machine from Richard, who plainly believes Kimberly should have stood behind him. An official investigation by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is held and each Ventana employee present at the SCRAM is interviewed for several hours. They are later exonerated by the NRC which concludes that while some errors by personnel were recorded, they still did their jobs adequately. Kimberley Wells travels to a bar near the plant where it's employees often go and meets Godell himself, celebrating the NRC's ruling with his fellow employees. She asks him a few hard line questions about the safety of the plant, however Godell tells her the plant is safe and that there are backup systems to handle problems like the recent event that took place. Kimberly notices that Godell seems a bit nervous about the plant's safety. Suspicious that there may be more errors to investigate, Jack dons a radiation suit and examines the defective water pump himself with a Geiger counter. He finds an area where nuclear material has leaked onto the floor. His supervisor, Herman, quickly orders a cleanup and tells Jack not to reveal the problem to anyone and to get the plant up and running. Jack does so with obvious reluctance and leaves work for the day. Godell does some investigating of his own and uncovers evidence that the plant is unsafe. Specifically, he finds evidence that the welds for the water pumps were not properly X-rayed to show their integrity. Godell concludes that another reactor SCRAM at full power could cause the cooling system to be severely damaged which would result in a catastrophic meltdown. Godell asks the plant foreman, Herman, to delay restarting the reactor but he refuses, under pressure from the plant's owners, who stand to lose millions of dollars each day the plant remains "off line." Herman orders Jack to get the plant up to full power again. A brief test is run to see if the repairs made to the water pump are secure. Jack watches the monitors closely and Herman deems the repairs to be adequate. Jack, looking distressed, has his crew follow standard procedure to bring the plant gradually up to full power. When he leaves for the day, Godell steals some of the damning x-ray films taken by the construction company that built the plant. At a construction site, he talks to one of the firm's officers, showing him the questionable x-ray. When Jack gets no satisfaction, he threatens to go to the NRC himself. The officer tells Jack that the firm has it's own security force that could be sent to harass or harm him. Kimberley talks to Richard's business partner, Hector, and finds out that Richard, who hasn't been heard from for several days, is at a convention of nuclear scientists in LA. She finds Richard there and he tells her he's showing the film to a couple of nuclear power experts; a physicist and an engineer. The two scientists determine that the plant very nearly went into meltdown, called the "China Syndrome" where the nuclear material heats beyond the capacity of the plant's personnel and safety systems to stop it. Reaching ground water under the plant, the material would explode into the atmosphere, rendering most of southern California radioactive and an uninhabitable wasteland for decades and possibly causing illnesses like cancer in the region's inhabitants. Kimberly and Richard both go to Godell's house and confront him directly, saying they know that Godell and his team narrowly avoided a meltdown. Godell, more nervous than he was before, tells them that he agrees with them and tells them about the false X-rays and the cost-cutting measures done by the contracting company. He also tells them that he was threatened by the firm if he goes to the NRC. Kimberly and Richard agree to keep Godell's identity anonymous if he can get them some of the incriminating evidence to present at the conference where Richard had talked to the two nuclear scientists. Richard arranges for Godell to meet Hector with a bundle of the x-ray film, but while Hector drives to the convention to deliver them, he's run off the road by security agents from the contracting firm. Kimberly calls Godell and asks him to speak directly to the convention committee himself. On the way there, he is chased by more hit men and is unable to join Kimberly. He's able to evade them for a few minutes but they catch up on the highway. He drives to Ventana, knowing the men following him won't be permitted past the plant's security gates. Godell rushes to the control room and finds the plant is nearly at full power. Now convinced of the evidence and unable to stop the power-up, he grabs a gun from the control room's security guard and forces everyone out. Once alone and secured inside the control room, he brings the power down to a safer level. He also tells the plant's managers that if anyone attempts to take control of the reactor from the outside or break in, he'll open valves and flood the containment building with radiation, which would render the plant unusable. He then demands to be interviewed by Wells on live television. Ventana's CEO, Evan McCormack (Richard Herd), speaks to Herman and Bill and allows them to tell the media to interview Jack. Kimberly arrives and is escorted into the control room. Godell tells her that he'll voice his concerns about the plant's safety on live television. Kimberly contacts Richard, who contacts every other major television network. In the hour it takes for them to arrive, the plant's parent McCormack orders Herman to find a way to cause a reactor SCRAM. The SCRAM, if plotted correctly, will distract Godell long enough for the rest of the team to seize control of the plant. After Richard leads the TV production teams into the same observation room he original filmed in, he misses seeing the SWAT team that arrives right after the news van to deal with Godell himself. Kimberly begins to interview Godell, who speaks frantically and makes little sense while explaining the more technical aspects of the recent accident. In the middle of the live interview, the SCRAM is started and the camera's cables are physically cut by the SWAT team. Godell begins to panic, rushing from one control panel to the next, trying to avert a catastrophe. The SWAT team suddenly bursts into the control room and shoots Godell. Kimberly tries desperately to help him, however, Godell, near death, tells her "I can feel it..." An ominous vibration, like the one Godell felt in the first incident, shakes the room. More alarms begin to sound and the SCRAM causes significant damage to the plant, as portions of the cooling system physically collapse. The reactor is eventually brought under control by the plant's automatic systems and by Spindler. When the incident ends, Kimberley sees that Godell has died. Outside the plant, a phalanx of reporters and television crews are awaiting word on the events inside. When the plant spokesman suggests that Godell was "emotionally disturbed" and that he "had been drinking", Kimberly Wells confronts the spokesman in front of the other reporters, and eventually gets one of Godell's co-workers, Ted Spindler, to admit that Godell would not have taken such drastic steps had there not been something dangerous about the plant. Ted tells the media that Godell was a hero for averting a disaster and that there will be a much deeper investigation this time. As Kimberly, obviously upset at Godell's death, gives her closing comments, the broadcast is cut off.
tt0093737
Comedy,Crime,Drama
In New York City, 22-year-old, elementary school teacher Jack Jericho (Robert Downey Jr.) flirts outrageously with women. He practices his pick-up lines constantly, his favorite being, "Did anyone ever tell you that you have the face of a Botticelli and the body of a Dégas?" He cruises through the city in his vintage 1968 red Chevrolet Camaro convertible, always on the lookout for another conquest, and has no hesitation about double parking on the street when he spies a beautiful lady. He sleeps with many of those women and has the telephone numbers of many more on a sheet of paper that he keeps with him at all times. One night when Jack goes into a trendy club, he sees a beautiful, 19-year-old redhead named Randy Jensen (Molly Ringwald), chatting with Alonzo Scolara (Harvey Keitel), a mob boss owed money by her father. Alonzo wants Randy to sleep with a Colombian drug lord, Fernando Portacarrero (Bob Gunton), who has taken a shine to her. Despite this being a way of reducing her father's debt, she refuses, saying sex and money do not mix. The next day, Jack Jericho spies Randy at an Off Track Betting office, making wagers on the days horse races. When she comes out, Jack rushes to introduce himself. Randy at first resists his flirtations, but soon is in the backseat of his car having sex. Afterward, when he asks for her telephone number, Randy sees his large list of women's numbers and refuses to give hers to him. Randy gets out of the car and walks to her job at the American Museum on Natural History in Central Park, where Alonzo waits, demanding his money. Jack follows to learn where Randy works, then books a tour of the museum, requesting Randy as tour guide. A few hours later, he shows up with the youngsters on the elementary school softball team he coaches. Randy is chilly toward Jack during the tour, but he keeps pressuring her to have dinner with him. She demands he throw his list of phone numbers away before she will consider it. He crumples the sheet up and tosses it away, but she is not impressed and walks away. He retrieves the sheet and then goes to his friend Phil (Danny Aiello), who owns a local coffee shop. Phil tries to set Jack up with some models who come in, but, surprisingly, Jack is not interested. He returns to the museum at closing time and, unbeknownst to Randy, follows her onto the subway, home to Coney Island. Through the apartment window, he sees Randy arguing with her intoxicated father, Flash Jensen (Dennis Hopper), but assumes Flash is her boyfriend. Jack comes to her rescue, but she gets angry with him for being there. A moment later, Alonzo comes to the door, demanding the $25,481 Flash owes him. To impress her, Jack offers to pay the debt, but she refuses. Later, Jack and Randy go to the Coney Island amusement park, play some games, and get along well. He accompanies her back to the museum, where she picks up her paycheck, but she ditches Jack and gets on a bus to Atlantic City, New Jersey. Jack goes to his friend, Phil, asking for the cash to pay off Alonzo. Phil says he does not have that kind of money, but is impressed that Jack is so much in love. Jack and Phil return to Coney Island, where Jack learns Flash is Randy's father rather than her boyfriend and Flash suggests Randy went to Atlantic City. In Atlantic City, Randy cashes her $525 paycheck and starts playing blackjack. She wins hand after hand until she has $13,000 and unwisely decides to bet it all on a single hand. Unfortunately, she loses all the money and rushes out, devastated. Jack follows her to the boardwalk and suggests she gamble on him. He trades in his vintage Camaro at a used car lot for $2,950. Jack and Randy return to the casino and go to the Roulette wheel, where he bets $1,000 on number 13, Jack's lucky number, and $1,950 on number 11, Randy's lucky number. The ball lands on number thirteen. At 35-to-one odds, Jack wins $35,000... more than enough to pay off Alonzo. When Jack goes to pay off Flash's debt, Alonzo refuses to take the money, preferring Randy to sleep with Fernando Portacarrero. Jack causes a scene in the casino and physically threatens Alonzo until he accepts the money. Afterwords, Jack catches up to Randy on the boardwalk and says he intends to use the remaining $10,000 to buy back his car and give the rest of it to her. However, Randy tells him they should not be together, saying they are both gamblers and cannot live their lives taking risks as they just did. Jack responds that you can only gamble when you have a choice, but he has no choice, because he wants to be with her forever. Randy is unswayed, so Jack tears up his list of phone numbers and throws it into the wind. He walks away but Randy does nothing to stop him. Jack returns to New York City and uses the ten grand to pay the back rent on the apartment he shares with his grandmother. The next day when he leaves for work, he finds Randy waiting on the sidewalk for him, wanting to get back together. Jack feigns having doubts, then agrees to have dinner with her. They two walk arm in arm down the street together.
tt0075968
Drama,War
"The Duellists" is based on a story written by Joseph Conrad, which, according to the author, was itself based on a true story whose origins sprang from a ten-line paragraph in a small Southern France local newspaper. That brief paragraph reported the fatal ending of a duel between two officers in Napoleon's Grand Army. The two officers had fought a series of duels in the midst of great wars on some futile pretext. As the pretext was never disclosed, Conrad invented one. We are in 1800, in the garrison town of Strasbourg, on the Rhine. There is a lull in the Napoleonic wars, and the French soldiers are enjoying a moment of peace before resuming the slaughters. As the film opens, a young girl driving a gaggle of geese happens upon two men dueling in a meadow. Lieutenant Gabriel Féraud (Harvey Keitel), from the 7th Hussar Regiment, is in the process of settling a score with an unknown man who soon ends up skewered on the Lieutenant's épée. We learn that this man is the nephew of the Mayor of Strasbourg, and is seriously wounded, when General Treillard (Robert Stephens), Commandant of the garrison, enters his officers quarters and makes inquiries about this Lieutenant Féraud. Lieutenant Armand d'Hubert (Keith Carradine), from the 4th Hussar Regiment, admits to vaguely knowing the gentleman, and he is immediately "volunteered" by his Commandant to find him and bring him back to the barracks, where he will be put under house arrest. General Treillard, who must see that his soldiers obey the Emperors rules prohibiting combat with civilians, needs to investigate what happened in the meadow. It is somewhat ironical that Bonaparte, who spent a large part of his life dueling with the rest of Europe on a rather grand scale, involving tens of thousand of participants on both sides (but was somewhat of a dilettante when judged by present day's standards), had little respect for the same tradition on an individual level. D'Hubert, after looking all over town, ends up at Féraud's private quarters, where he learns that the Lieutenant is attending a soirée at the salon of Madame de Lionne (Jenny Runacre). At the salon, d'Hubert meets with Féraud and informs him of his mission. Féraud, having judged himself the insulted party in his morning duel, cannot comprehend the reason for his arrest. Further, he determines that d'Hubert has in turn insulted him by bursting into the salon of Madame de Lionne, disturbing him with the General's orders as he was talking to the lady. Féraud immediately challenges d'Hubert to a duel with sabers, which ends when Féraud is wounded. Now, not only has Féraud's forearm been injured, but his wounded pride demands satisfaction. From then on, for the next fifteen years, Féraud will be obsessed with the idea of settling his dispute with d'Hubert, holding him captive by Férauds tragic, ironic concept of honor. D'Hubert goes to meet his friend, an army surgeon (Tom Conti), asking his advice on how to get out of this messy situation. The surgeon tells him first, to keep away from Féraud, second, to always stay ahead of Féraud in military rank, since only duels between soldiers of equal ranks are tolerated and third, to rely on Napoleon for keeping the wars going, as there is no dueling during a state of war. Augsburg, one year later. Lieutenant d'Hubert meets an old girl friend, Laura (Diana Quick), one of the camp followers. She tells him she has an offer of marriage from a one-armed veteran, but they nevertheless resume their relationship. It happens that Lieutenant Féraud is in the same town, and of course they will duel again. Epées, this time. This encounter is not so lucky for d'Hubert, who ends up gravely wounded. Their seconds propose that now the honor of both parties has been saved, but The Duellists both refuse the opportunity for reconciliation. Laura nurses d'Hubert back to health, but after a face-to-face with Féraud and a subsequent consultation with a fortuneteller, she realizes that these duelists will go on until one of them is killed. If it is d'Hubert who is to die, she cannot see any future in their relationship. She decides to leave him and go and marry the disabled ex-soldier. Captain Féraud (he caught up in rank with d'Hubert, who was promoted earlier) and Captain d'Hubert meet in a third duel, again with sabers, in a cellar. The two combatants fight to total exhaustion in an inconclusive duel, and eventually, dirty and bleeding, must be separated by their seconds. Lubeck, 1806. Captain d'Hubert and Captain Féraud duel a fourth time, on horseback. It is Féraud's turn to be wounded, seriously enough to not be able to continue the fight to its conclusion. Laura reappears on the scene. She is now a widow, and had hoped to settle with her ex-lover, Captain d'Hubert, but she sees that this is just wishful thinking. D'Hubert, too involved in this dueling matter, remains deaf to her subtle suggestion that they resume their affair. Russia, 1812. The Emperor's Grand Army, defeated by the terrible Russian winter and the Russian battle tactics, is in retreat. Colonels Féraud and d'Hubert are now like grunts in the "sacred battalion," consisting of officers of all arms who had no longer any troops to commend. One night, around a campfire, they find themselves again face to face. They silently recognize each other. The next day, Féraud requests a volunteer to go investigate some Cossack activities in the nearby woods. The soldiers are so exhausted and despondent that Féraud had guessed rightly that d'Hubert would be the only one to follow him, with the ulterior motive of finishing their endless confrontation. Far from the camp they come face to face, each with a pair of pistols, but at that moment, a group of Cossacks appears and the two adversaries present a common front to fight them off. Following this, in a gesture of reconciliation, d'Hubert offers Féraud a drink from his hip flask, but the latter disdainfully walks away: "Pistols, next time," he says. Tour, 1814. Napoleon is in exile on the Island of Elba and the Bourbons are back in power with Louis XVIII. General d'Hubert is convalescing at his sister Leoni's home from a bad leg wound sustained during the campaign in France, fighting the Prussians. She suggests to her brother he ought to get married, and offers to introduce him to Adele (Cristina Raines), the niece of her neighbor, the old aristocrat Chevalier de Riverol (Alan Webb). After a short courtship, the two marry. D'Hubert is visited by a Bonapartist gentleman (Edward Fox), a friend of General Féraud, who tries to recruit him to aid in the planned return of the Emperor, but d'Hubert refuses. Following the "Hundred Days," the return of Napoleon to French soil, the Emperor is defeated at Waterloo, and definitively exiled to the Island of St. Helena. Louis XVIII is returned to the throne. Many known Bonapartists are arrested, including General Féraud, and these will be executed as examples. Upon hearing the news, d'Hubert meets with the Police Minister of the Second Empire, Fouché, now Duke of Otranto (Albert Finney), and requests Férauds pardon, a request that is granted. D'Hubert asks only that his intervention on Férauds behalf be kept secret. Having discovered d'Hubert's whereabouts, Féraud sends two of his ex-companions in arms to set up yet another, and hopefully, final duel. The Duellists meet at dawn, on d'Hubert's property, with pistols. Two shots each, fire at will. D'Hubert gets to fire the last shot, but instead of killing Féraud, he fires a bullet into the ground, and with this gesture becomes the rightful owner's of Féraud's life: "I shall simply declare you dead," says d'Hubert. The final scene shows Féraud, from the back, standing on a bluff overlooking the Dordogne River winding through the beautiful valley below. He stands wearing a two-pointed cocked hat and a long black, straight military capote, reminiscent of his Emperor's portraits on the Island of St. Helena - could it be "le petit caporal" (the little corporal), the Emperor himself, humiliated and defeated? It is the "end of the road" for Féraud: finally at peace, as he meditates on what has been his life.
tt0095088
Comedy,Horror
Los Angeles horror hostess Elvira, Mistress of the Dark quits her job after the station's new owner sexually harasses her. She plans to open her act in Las Vegas, but needs $50,000 for the project. Upon learning she is a beneficiary of her deceased great-aunt Morgana Talbot, she travels to Fallwell, Massachusetts, to claim the inheritance, which includes an archaic mansion and Morgana's pet poodle, Algonquin. In Fallwell, Elvira's worldly attitude and revealing clothes leads the conservative town council against her. However, theater operator Bob Redding befriends her. The town's teenagers quickly accept her, much to the chagrin of their close-minded parents, who consider her a bad influence. Bowling alley owner Patty Kellermann is interested in Bob, and succeeds in humiliating Elvira at her late-night gory film festival she was presenting at Bob's theater. Elvira struggles to sell the house, so she can depart for Las Vegas. Meanwhile, she is unaware that her harsh but seemingly harmless uncle Vincent Talbot is actually a warlock and is obsessed with obtaining Morgana's spellbook; he plans to kill Elvira and conquer the world, and has been fueling the townspeople's hostility. Meanwhile, Elvira tries to impress Bob with a home-cooked dinner, but uses the spellbook as a cookbook by mistake and summons a sinister creature that attacks them. Elvira learns that the book was her mother Divana's spellbook, and that Morgana was hiding her to protect her from Vincent. When Elvira tries to unleash the creature against the Morality Club at their picnic, she prepares the brew incorrectly and has an aphrodisiac result; the adults remove each other's clothing without discrimination and are arrested for indecent exposure. When Patty confronts Elvira, the resulting fistfight ends up humiliating Patty by revealing that her brassiere is stuffed. Afterwards, Vincent leads the townspeople in arresting Elvira for witchcraft, which is still illegal in the state. They decide to burn her at the stake. The town's teenagers attempt to free her from jail, but fall and lock themselves into another cell by chance. Bob tries to recover the spellbook from the mansion, but is tied by Vincent, who takes the book. Algonquin transforms into a mouse and unties Bob. Meanwhile, Elvira is tied to the stake and the fire lights up, but she uses Morgana's ring to summon rain that quenches the fire; she escapes with Bob. At the mansion, Elvira and Vincent engage in a magical battle that sets fire to the house. Elvira banishes Vincent to the underworld, while the house and most of the magical artifacts are destroyed. The next day, Elvira prepares to leave town. The townspeople apologize for their behavior, and everyone asks Elvira to stay. She kisses Bob but, as she is homeless, she insists that she must leave. Elvira has inherited Vincent's estate, which included enough money to open her show in Las Vegas. At a Las Vegas hotel, Elvira performs a lavishly produced musical number.
tt0089017
Comedy,Drama
Roberta Glass (Rosanna Arquette) is disillusioned New Jersey housewife who is stuck in a passionless marriage with Gary (Marl Blum), the owner of a spa and hot tub company. For emotional escape, Roberta follows the relationships of strangers via personal advertisements in the newspaper. One day during an excursion to a beauty salon for her birthday with Gary's sister Leslie (Laurie Metcalf), Roberta sees an advertisement from a man named Jim "desperately seeking" a woman named Susan. Roberta has been following Jim and Susan's relationship through their cryptic ads for a while and finally decides to show up at the specified time and place of their meeting to catch a glimpse of the couple. Meanwhile in Atlantic City, Susan (Madonna) is in a hotel room with Bruce Meeker, a local gangster, Susan sees Jim's message in the newspaper and decides to return to New York City. Before she leaves, she steals two ornate Egyptian earrings from Meeker's jacket pocket. In the hallway, Susan passes another gangster, Wayne Nolan (Will Patton), who makes note of her appearance, including her unique jacket with a gold pyramid on the back. Arriving in New York, Susan stores her suitcase in a locker at the Port Authority bus terminal. She then goes to a seedy nightclub called The Magic Club, where her friend Crystal (Anna Levine) works as the assistant to a magician. Susan asks Crystal if she could crash at her place for a few days. Crystal agrees. The next day, as Susan makes her way to Battery Park, she spots a newspaper headline announcing that Meeker was murdered shortly after she left the hotel. Roberta goes to the park as well, and watches from afar as Susan and Jim (Robert Joy) reunite. Following the two at a distance, Roberta overhears Jim telling Susan that he has to go to Buffalo with his band. When Susan mentions Meeker's murder, Jim gives her the number of his film projectionist friend, Dez, in case she runs into any trouble. After Jim leaves, Roberta follows Susan through the streets of the city. When Susan sees a pair of boots she likes in a boutique window, Roberta follows her inside. Susan exchanges her jacket for the boots, and after she leaves, Roberta buys the pyramid jacket for herself. That evening back at her house, Roberta discovers a Port Authority locker key, a newspaper clipping with Dez's phone number, and a Polaroid of Susan in the pocket of her new jacket. By this time, Susan has returned to the store in search of the locker key and leaves her name and phone number in case the new owner of the jacket returns. Roberta decides to put a her own "desperately seeking Susan" advertisement in the personals, asking Susan to meet her at Battery Park regarding the key. Susan and Jim both see the ad, and Jim calls Dez (Aiden Quinn), asking him to go to the meeting point to make sure Susan is safe. Having never met Susan, Dez asks for a description, and Jim mentions the jacket with the pyramid on the back. The next day, when Roberta, wearing Susan's jacket, arrives at Battery Park, Nolan mistakes her for Susan tries to engage her in conversation. Meanwhile, Susan takes a cab to the rendezvous but is arrested when she tries to shortchange the cab driver on the fare. Before getting into the police car, Susan spots Nolan and Roberta. Nolan asks Roberta about her boyfriend in Atlantic City and the earrings. Not knowing what he is talking about, Roberta tries to run away but hits her head on a lamppost, falls unconscious, and loses her purse as it rolls into the water... and this is where the film really takes off. Roberta awakens to find Dez next to her, but she now has amnesia and cannot remember any details about herself or her life. Assuming that Roberta is Susan based on her jacket, Dez suggests she look in her pockets for any material that could confirm her identity. When she pulls out the newspaper clipping, Dez confirms the phone number written on it is his. He also identifies the locker key as coming from the Port Authority, so he takes Roberta there, hoping the contents of the locker will jog her memory. At the locker, Roberta rifles through the suitcase and finds one Egyptian earring along with an assortment of other material, none of which helps her remember who she is. Dez offers to let Roberta stay in his apartment for the night since she has nowhere to go. Meanwhile, Gary, his sister, Leslie, and Leslie's new boyfriend, Larry, worry about Roberta. Gary has reported Roberta's disappearance to the police and was told that she is probably having an affair. Also, after making bail, Susan goes to the Port Authority and finds her locker where she stored her belongings empty. The next morning, Roberta and Dez go to a cafe for breakfast and Nolan follows. Roberta gets mistaken for Susan by the owner and both she and Dez are denied service and thrown out. Roberta then takes a cab to The Magic Club, having found a postcard for it in Susan's suitcase. There, she inadvertently walks into a job interview and is hired as the magician's assistant after he fires Crystal due to her nearsightedness's and unable to perform without her eyeglasses. Meanwhile, Gary goes to the store where Roberta bought her jacket, and the boutique owner gives Gary Susan's contact information, suggesting maybe they can help each other. Gary calls Susan at Crystal's apartment, and they arrange to meet. That same night, Roberta goes onstage at The Magic Club and fumbles through her routine. In the audience, Nolan notices that Roberta is wearing one of the Egyptian earrings. Elsewhere, Gary and Susan meet at a nightclub, and Susan tells him she thinks Nolan and Roberta are working together to frame Susan for the murder of Meeker. Gary doesn't believe it, and Susan suggests they go back to his place. Outside the Magic Club, Nolan follows Roberta and eventually catches her, but they get into a scuffle and Roberta hits her head once again. The police show up, forcing Nolan to flee. The policemen, assuming Roberta is a prostitute, arrest her and take her to the station. Having regained her memory, she identifies herself as Roberta Glass. Back in New Jersey, Susan shares a marijuana cigarette with Gary while lounging around the Glass's home. When Roberta calls from jail and hears Susan and Gary laughing, she hangs up and calls Dez instead. The next morning, Gary and Leslie get word that Roberta has been arrested, but when they arrive at the police station, she has already been bailed out. When a police officer (Victor Argo) suggests that Roberta's pimp probably paid her bond, Gary refuses to believe that his wife has turned to prostitution. Meanwhile, Roberta and Dez find Dez's apartment ransacked. Dez blames Roberta for all the bad luck he has been having. She gets angry and packs up her suitcase to leave. When the contents of the suitcase spill out onto the floor, Roberta begins to cry and Dez, who still thinks Roberta is "Susan," kisses her. They make love. Meanwhile, back at Gary's house, Susan is seen relaxing at the house when sees a television news story about the theft of two ancient Egyptian earrings, for which Meeker and Nolan are prime suspects. Susan recognizes the earrings as those she took from Meeker. When Gary and Leslie return home from the police station, Susan tells them she knows what is going on. She goes to the Classifieds office and inserts an advertisement into the personals with a message for Roberta. Back at Dez's apartment, Roberta tells him her true identity, but Dez does not believe her, still thinking her to be Susan. Jim arrives, and Dez tells him about the relationship that has developed between him and Roberta; however, Jim does not believe him, saying Susan is not the type to settle down. When they both decide to ask "Susan" to what is going on, Roberta had left. Later, Roberta sits on a bench at Battery Park, unsure what to do now. Then she reads from a discarded newspaper and sees Susan's advertisement, directing her to meet that night at The Magic Club. Jim and Dez also see the message and decide to go to the rendezvous location to confront "Susan." Gary, Leslie, Larry, Dez, Jim, Susan, and Nolan all show up that night at The Magic Club. Before the show begins, Jim sees Susan and points her out to Dez, who says that she is not "his Susan." Gary, Leslie, Larry, and Dez all recognize Roberta as she appears onstage. At the end of the show, Nolan jumps up from the audience, grabs Roberta's wig and earring, and runs backstage. Dez and Gary both rush over to make sure Roberta is all right. As she tries to explain what has happened, Gary does not seem to believe or even listen to her, so Roberta announces that she will not be going home with him. Meanwhile, Nolan comes across Jim and Susan kissing backstage and puts a gun to Susan's head, taking her hostage to help him escape from the nightclub as the bouncers are now chasing him. He notices that Susan is wearing the other earring. After Nolan and Susan crawl through a window into the women's dressing room, Roberta hits Nolan over the head with a bottle, knocking him unconscious. There, Susan and Roberta officially meet for the first time. Later, Roberta finds Dez in the projection booth at the movie theater where he works. She tells him her real name once again, and as they begin to kiss, Roberta knocks the projector, causing it to malfunction and burn the film. The audience is outraged, all except Jim and Susan who smile and continue eating their popcorn. Soon after, Roberta and Susan are celebrated as heroes in the newspaper and credited with recovering the stolen earrings.
tt0076740
Adventure,Drama,Thriller
The film opens with a prologue that consists of four segments described by critics as "vignettes". They show the principal characters in different parts of the world and provide their backstories. Part I: Prologue Vignette #1: Veracruz, Mexico Nilo (Francisco Rabal), an elegantly dressed man, enters a flat in Veracruz. He immediately executes the unassuming tenant with a silenced pistol and proceeds to casually walk out onto the square. Vignette #2: Jerusalem, Israel A group of Arab terrorists disguised as Jews causes an explosion in the city and flee to their hideout, where they equip weapons and plan their escape. After being surrounded by the military, they split up; two are killed and one apprehended. The only one who manages to escape is Kassem (Amidou). The segment ends as he helplessly stares at his captured companion. Vignette #3: Paris, France While discussing a book his wife is editing, Victor Manzon (Bruno Cremer) discovers an anniversary gift from her: a watch with a special dedication. After meeting with the president of the Paris Stock Exchange, where he is accused of fraud, Victor is given 24 hours to make amends. Victor meets his business partner, Pascal, and they quarrel; Victor insists that Pascal contact his father for assistance. Victor dines with his wife and her friend in a glamorous restaurant, and, he later receives a message from a butler that Pascal is waiting for him outside. When he learns that Pascal's father has refused to help, Victor is adamant that they try again. He walks his partner to a car, but Pascal shocks Victor by committing suicide. Faced with impending doom, Victor leaves both his country and wife. Vignette #4: Elizabeth, New Jersey, USA An Irish gang robs a church with rival connections in Elizabeth that organizes bingo games, and they shoot one of the priests. Back in their car, the gang members have a violent argument that causes Jackie Scanlon (Roy Scheider), the driver, to lose concentration and collide with a truck. Everyone is killed but Scanlon, who is heavily wounded. The wounded priest turns out to be the brother of Carlo Ricci, a mafia leader who also controlled the flow of money in the church and now wants to kill Scanlon at all costs. Jackie meets with his friend Vinnie, who reveals his fate to him and finds him a suitable place to escape. Jackie has no choice but to agree. Part II: Life in Porvenir Kassem, Victor and Jackie all assume fake identities and end up in Porvenir, a remote village in South America. Its conditions provide a stark contrast to their previous lives. The village economy is heavily reliant on an American oil company. Kassem befriends a man called 'Marquez', presumably a Nazi veteran. They all live in extreme poverty and earn meager salaries. All want out, but their savings are inadequate for emigration. After some time, Nilo arrives in the village, raising suspicions. In the meantime, an oil well over 200 miles away explodes, and the only way to extinguish the fire is to use nitroglycerin. Since the dynamite has been improperly stored in a local depot, the nitroglycerin contained inside has leeched into the bottom of the crates and is highly unstable -- the faintest vibration could cause an explosion. With all other means ruled out (including using an helicopter), the only way to transport it is to use trucks. The company seeks four drivers to man two such vehicles. Kassem, Victor, Jackie and 'Marquez' are offered the job, but they have to assemble the trucks using scrap parts. The nitro is packed into sand placed in the beds of the trucks to reduce shock. Shortly before their departure, Nilo kills and replaces 'Marquez', which angers Kassem. Part III: Journey The four drivers embark upon a perilous journey, facing many hazards and internal conflicts. Despite their differences, they are forced to co-operate. The road is quite uneven and blocked by overgrowth -- the bumps in the road threaten to detonate the nitro despite careful precautions. The two teams cross a highly dilapidated bridge which threatens to spill them into a raging river. Later they find that the road has been blocked by a huge fallen tree. Kassem rigs a crate of the nitro with a timed detonator and the tree is blown into splinters, allowing them to pass. As they continue, Kassem and Victor are killed when their truck hits a crumbling patch of the road and is spilled over the side. Jackie and Marquez encounter local rebel guerrillas who want to steal their truck. Marquez tries to kill them with his pistol and is shot. Jackie manages to kill the last guerilla & drives off with Marquez, who dies later of his wound. Jackie struggles to keep sane, overwhelmed by hallucinations and flashbacks. When his truck's engine dies just two miles short of the destination, he is forced to carry the nitroglycerin on foot. He faints when he sees the fire. Epilogue Scanlon is offered legal citizenship and money, as well as another job, but he declines, opting instead for a dance with a barmaid. As he dances, Carlo Ricci's henchmen, along with his old friend Vinnie, emerge from a taxi and enter the bar. A gunshot can be heard.
tt0077394
Horror
Jerusalem, Israel. One week after the burial of Robert and Katherine Thorn (in the first Omen movie), archeologist Carl Bugenhagen (Leo McKern) asks his friend Michael Morgan (Ian Hendry) to deliver a box to the guardian of Thorn's young son, Damien. He reveals that Damien is the Antichrist and that the box contains a warning and the means to kill Damien. As Morgan is unconvinced, Bugenhagen takes him to the ruin of Yigael's wall, showing him an ancient depiction of the Antichrist with Damien's face. Morgan is convinced, but the two are buried alive as a tunnel collapses. Seven years later, 12-year old Damien (Jonathan Scott-Taylor) is living with his uncle, industrialist Richard Thorn (William Holden) and his wife, Ann (Lee Grant) at a large house outside of Chicago, Illinois. He gets along well with his 15-year-old cousin Mark (Lucas Donat), Richard's son, with whom he is enrolled in a military academy. However, he is despised by Aunt Marion (Sylvia Sidney), who favors Mark and thinks Damien a bad influence, even threatening to cut Richard out of her will if he does not separate the two boys. The same night, the appearance of a raven wakes her up and causes a fatal heart attack. Through a friend, Dr. Charles Warren (Nicholas Pryor), who is the curator of the Thorn Museum, Richard is introduced to journalist Joan Hart (Elizabeth Shephard), who was a colleague of Keith Jennings (from the previous film). Having seen Yigael's Wall and drawing a link to all the deaths that surrounded Damien, including Jennings', Joan tries to warn Richard but he throws her out of his limo. After a confrontation with Warren and Ann Thorn at the Thorn Museum, Joan became unsure on whether Damien's face matches the painting on Yigael's Wall. Joan goes to meet Damien at his school, but when she sees his face she drives off in panic. On the road, her car mysteriously dies down. When she gets out of the car, she is attacked by a raven, which pecks her eyes out, causing her to be run over by a passing truck. A few months later at Thorn Industries, manager Paul Buher (Robert Foxworth) suggests expanding the company's operations into agriculture; however, the project is shelved by senior manager Bill Atherton (Lew Ayres), who calls Buher's intention of buying up land in the process immoral. At Mark's birthday party, Buher introduces himself to Damien, invites him to see the plant, and also speaks of his approaching initiation. Buher seemingly makes up with Atherton, who drowns after falling through the ice at a hockey game on a frozen lake the following day. The black raven again makes an appearance at the scene. A shocked Richard leaves on vacation. As Richard agrees to the agriculture project in principle and leaves Buher in charge of the company, Buher then initiates plans on his own... revealing himself to be some kind of follower of Satan. Buher plots to buy up land in various Third World countries and use the weapon of famine to sell to the people the bought up crops at high prices. Meanwhile at the academy, Damien's new commander, Sgt. Dan Neff (Lance Henriksen), takes the boy under his wing and warns him not to draw any attention on himself until the right moment. He also points him to the Bible's Revelation, Chapter 13, in which Damien reads about the beast. Finding its number, 666, scarred onto his scalp, he flees the Academy grounds in a terrified panic, distraught at being chosen as the vehicle for Satan's will. A few days later, David Pasarian (Allan Arbus), an engineer at Thorn Industries, alerts Buher that some people were murdered after having refused to sell their land. Pasarian intends to inform Richard about his suspicions about Buher, but on the very next day, some chemical machinery explodes and releases toxic fumes, killing Pasarian and his assistant, and injuring Damien's class, who were visiting the plant. Damien alone does not suffer damage, but is taken to hospital as a precaution. A doctor named Dr. Kane (Meshach Taylor) investigates to why Damien was not affected by the chemicals. After taking a blood sample and examining it, Dr. Kane discovers that Damien's blood cell structure resembles that of a jackal. But before the baffled doctor can report this to anyone else, the unseen forces of darkness dispose of him too in another gory freak accident when he is cut in half by a falling elevator cable. Meanwhile, Bugenhagen's box has been found in the ruins and delivered to the Thorn Museum. When opened by Dr. Charles Warren, it contains the Seven Daggers of Meggido, the only weapons able to kill Damien, and the letter from Bugenhagen explaining that Damien is the Antichrist. Charles rushes to inform Richard as well as give him Bugenhagen's letter. But Richard angrily refuses to belive this and throws him out of his house. The next day, Richard confides in Anne with the letter after having read it, but she convinces him not to believe it. Mark, who overheard Richard's altercation with Charles, confronts Damien in the nearby forest, who first reluctantly and then proudly admits to being the Devil's son. Damien tries to convince Mark that he truly cares for him as his brother and asks Mark to join him, but Mark refuses. Damien kills Mark by introducing an aneurysm into his brain. Shaken by his son's death, Richard follows Charles' invitation to New York City. A half-crazy Warren takes him to Yigael's Wall, stored in a cargo carrier at a local railroad yard, on which Richard sees Damien's image. Immediately afterward, a switching locomotive hits the carrier, impaling Charles and destroying the wall, finally convincing Richard beyond doubt that Damien is the Antichrist. Upon his return to Chicago, Richard has Damien picked up from a ceremony at the academy and argues with Ann about Damien. As they find the daggers in Charles' office in the Thorn Museum, Ann uses them to kill Richard, proclaiming that she "always belonged to him". Ann is then engulfed by a fire, caused by Damien who overheard the altercation from outside. Damien, now the sole heir to Thorn Industries, exits the museum and is picked up by a driver as the fire department arrives. With all his enemies dead and under the tutulage of Satan's unholy disciples of Sgt. Neff and Paul Buher, it is clear that Damien is now on his way to becoming a world figure in controlling the world for the Devil.
tt0091993
Adventure,Family,Sci-Fi
On February 20, 1963, a young girl named Andie (Hollye Rebecca Suggs) is laying out under the stars somewhere in the rural farmlands of America, trying to see if she can spot Friendship 7 during its return to Earth after its historic orbital mission. She noticed what looks like a shooting star, which blinks in the sky. Taking this as John Glenn winking at her, Andie promises herself that, one day, she too will become an astronaut. 23 years later, Andie Bergstrom (Kate Capshaw) flies a T-38 Talon into John F. Kennedy Space Center and meets her husband, fellow astronaut and former moonwalker Zack Bergstrom (Tom Skeritt) on the tarmac. She is now in NASA's astronaut program, but has not flown into space yet. In fact, she's upset that she was passed up for a coming mission. Zack immediately cashes in on a promise she made if she didn't get the flight: he recruits her as an instructor for that summer's Space Camp program. As registration begins, among the arrivals for the program is Kevin Donaldson (Tate Donovan), driving his new Jeep. Initially he rubs Zack the wrong way by parking in his spot. After he moves his Jeep, he notices the young female pilot of a biplane flying in: Kathryn Fairly (Lea Thompson). Immediately smitten, he catches up behind her in the registration line. Wanting to get closer to her, he steals somebody else's credentials so he can end up in the Blue Team, the same team as her. As it so happens, the Blue Team is the one being instructed by Andie Bergstrom, whom Kathryn idolizes as one of the few female pilots in the shuttle program. She realises that Donaldson is not on her list of students, but as Hideo Takamini (Scott Holcomb) isn't around, she just lets things be. In addition to Kathryn and Kevin, three others make up the team. Tish Ambrosei (Kelly Preston) has the look of a valley girl, but is highly intelligent, with a photographic memory and a perfect SAT score. Rudy Tyler (Larry B. Scott) is a young African American man from a military family; he loves science, but isn't very good at it. Last, there's Max Graham (Joaquin Phoenix), a kid with a Star Wars obsession that is still young enough for the junior program. Andie permits Max on the team since he's been in the junior program for the past two years. Andie gives shuttle positions to each of the cadets. To everyone's surprise, the seemingly irresponsible Kevin is made Shuttle Commander, while Kathryn, who aspires to be a real Commander one day, is named the Pilot. The others are Mission Specialists. Tish is responsible for communications, while Rudy is responsible for operations. Max is not given a specific area of responsibility. During the initial tour, the Blue Team is introduced to a "prototype maintenance droid", a robot called "Jinx" (Frank Welker's voice). He was intended for use on a future space station, but too many bugs in his AI programming relegated him to service work around the Cape. Max hides Jinx in his closet. One night, Jinx is teased by other members of the Space Camp, particularly the Green Team, who ask him to do twenty things at the same time, resulting in frying his circuitry. Max spends the night repairing Jinx, and the two become, as Jinx says, "friends forever". For the Blue Team, Space Camp is anything but smooth sailing. Although they develop a camraderie together, they have difficulties working together as a team, largely the result of Kevin not taking his position as Commander seriously. Kathryn, in addition, is frustrated by her inability to master the multi-axis trainer, a prerequisite for any real shuttle pilot. Kevin succeeds in bonding with Kathryn, and gets directions from Jinx to a good place to see the Space Shuttle, Atlantis, on the pad so he can sneak out with her. Unfortunately, Jinx readily rats them out to Zack when they turn up missing. Kevin blames Max for Jinx's betrayal, leading Max to wish aloud, while wandering the camp alone, that he were in space. Overhearing him, Jinx takes it literally and works with other NASA computers to figure out a way to get Max into space. Meanwhile, Andie and Kathryn had the opportunity of having a chat together: Andie complais that Kathryn is much more tougher on her than on the rest, and Kathryn reminds her that she will only be able to command a shuttle if she is best than all the others. Tensions in the Blue Team come to a head when they end up screwing up in a simulation. The Green Team arranges for the electric power to create a circuit malfunction. Kevin didn't take the situation seriously, Tish and Rudy argued about what do; Kathryn left her place as pilot to go and argue some more with Rudy and Tish. All this happening while Max is left outside on the outer arm, being jarred repeatedly and getting dizzy. All this led to disaster: if there had been a real-life situation, they all would have died. While Kevin doesn't think it's a big deal, Andie has to lecture him on responsibility. The Blue Team earns a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity: they will sit in Atlantis during a test firing of its main engines. This gives Jinx his chance. During the test, Jinx orders a computer to send a code to Launch Control: a "thermal curtain failure" in one of the solid rocket boosters. Unlike the main engines, which can be turned off, the solid rockets cannot be stopped once lit, essentially requiring Atlantis to be launched. Atlantis, with the Blue Team on-board, successfully reaches orbit. However, they have two problems, both caused by the fact that Atlantis was not yet equipped for an actual launch. It does not have its normal communications equipment installed, and it only carries 12 hours worth of oxygen. They do not have enough oxygen to get to the next available window, or opportunity, to safely land at Edwards Air Force Base, the normal Shuttle Landing facility. Unable to communicate directly, with only telemetry relaying between the ground and Atlantis, Launch Control director (Terry O'Quinn) and the Blue Team both think of how to get more oxygen and get home. Andie remembers something: Space Station Daedalus, under construction but already carrying extra oxygen canisters. They could recharge their own oxygen tanks there. During the transit to Daedalus, Tish begins to use one of the telemetry switches, the "CXT switch", to attempt to reach Launch Control via Morse code. When they reach Daedalus, Andie begins a dangerous solo spacewalk to get an oxygen tank from the space station. However, she is too big to reach any of the tanks through the station's truss structure. Max agrees to go out, in a suit scrunched down to his smaller size by one of Tish's belts, and he successfully grabs two tanks; one for a backup. Before they get back to Atlantis, Max accidentally ends up hurtling away from the space station, but Andie uses her manned manuevering unit to catch up to him and bring him back safely. During the misadventure, Atlantis runs out of oxygen reserves, leaving those inside with just the air in the cabin. When Andie goes to fill the tanks, there is a problem. She cannot decide which of the four tanks needs to be filled first. Rudy and Kathryn each have a different choice. There are four valves: from left to right, a single-headed blue valve, a red valve, a yellow valve and a double-headed blue valve. They must be filled in the proper sequence. Rudy thinks it's the blue valve next to the yellow, while Kathryn thinks it's the blue valve next to the red. Rudy tells Andie to go for the one next to the yellow valve. It works. The tank is emptied completely into Atlantis, buying them 12 extra hours on orbit if necessary. Finding out that Atlantis has more oxygen via telemetry, Launch Control puts the shuttle on auto, so it will take the next available window to landing. However, Andie connects the second tank to the second head on the double-headed blue valve instead of going to the yellow valve, and blows the tank off of the connection, sending her hurtling into the back of the payload bay. Andie is left unconscious, seriously injured, and floating slowly out to space. Max tries to pull her in by her lifeline, but the payload bay doors close, pinning Andie outside of Atlantis. Kevin makes a choice: he overrides the auto landing, missing the window for Edwards AFB, and reopens the payload bay doors, bringing Andie back inside Atlantis. The Blue Team immediately explores other options to get home, as they again do not have enough oxygen to get to the next window for Edwards AFB, and don't have enough air left in the space suits to return for more oxygen at Daedalus. They begin to explore other places to land, and figure something out: White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, where Columbia had to land at the end of STS-3. Just as they begin their preparations, Jinx, who has discovered Tish's Morse code, reaches Launch Control and brings the contact to Zack's attention. NASA finally acknowledges the Blue Team, and quickly learns the full situation. Andie wakes up, but is still hurt badly, and it's up to Kevin, Kathryn, Tish, Rudy and Max to land Atlantis. Kathryn takes the role of pilot, just as in Space Camp. It's then that her worst fear comes to pass: Atlantis enters a flat spin after its deorbit burn, exactly the situation that the multi-axis trainer simulates. Kathryn manages to regain control of Atlantis. After a tough manual reentry, Atlantis makes it safely to a landing at White Sands.
tt0074806
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Rynn (Jodie Foster) is a 13-year-old girl who lives in a semi-isolated cottage near the ocean. We see her preparing a birthday cake for herself, although there is nobody with her to celebrate. She is unexpectedly visited by a man named Frank Hallet (Martin Sheen), and before letting him in, Rynn lights a clove cigarette and blows some of the smoke around the living room. Rynn is uncomfortable with his visit, and we can sense right away that his intentions are predatory. They have an uncomfortable verbal sparring match; Hallet attempts frighten Rynn, and then invites himself into her house. It is Halloween, and he has arrived ahead of his own children, who are out trick-or-treating. Rynn has no Halloween candy to offer, so she cuts them each a piece of birthday cake. Hallet seems to understand something about Rynn's situation; although he comments on the smell of cigarettes and Rynn says her father is upstairs in his study, Hallet makes a number of bold advances on Rynn and touches her inappropriately before leaving. Rynn takes comfort in her hamster, Gordon. Rynn is also visited by a kind policeman, Officer Miglioriti (Mort Shuman). Miglioriti seems genuinely concerned with Rynn, although she gives him the same runaround about her father being indisposed. Miglioriti seems to be aware of Frank Hallet's pedophilia, although Rynn oddly does not mention to him that Hallet has been acting this way toward her. Rynn's confrontation with Frank is followed up the next day by a visit from his mother, Mrs. Hallet (Alexis Smith). Mrs. Hallet is Rynn's landlady, and her attitude is extremely abrasive. She barges into Rynn's house without asking, and she rearranges furniture in the house as if she lives there. When Rynn's father is not available to speak to her, Mrs. Hallet makes a vague threat about her connections with the school board; she wonders why Rynn is never in school with the other children of the town. It becomes clear that Mrs. Hallet's concerns are not about Rynn's education, but rather the fact that she is in this isolated house alone and her son is making advances toward her. Mrs. Hallet says she wants to collect a case of empty jars that are in Rynn's basement; Rynn refuses to allow her to go into the basement and tells her to come back later for the jars. After this confrontation, Rynn goes to the town and looks up public records at the library, and she discovers that Mrs. Hallet was lying about her connections to the school board. Rynn sees Frank again in town, but Frank is frightened away by the sudden appearance of Miglioriti. The policeman gives her a ride home and they have a friendly conversation; Miglioriti comes to understand that Rynn is much wiser than her actual age. She speaks a number of languages and has a level of cunning and awareness that would normally belong to an adult. When Mrs. Hallet returns to collect the jelly jars, she demands to speak to Rynn's father. Rynn refuses and says her father is out. This time Rynn is blunt with Mrs. Hallet, indicating that she will not be intimidated by the woman and that she knows she is simply protecting her pedophile son. Mrs. Hallet is enraged, especially when Rynn tells her that she knows she lied about the school board. Mrs. Hallet goes to leave and realizes that the jars do not have any lids; Rynn forgot them in the cellar. When she heads toward the cellar, which is accessed by a trap door in the floor, Rynn becomes panicked and screams at Mrs. Hallet to get out. Instead, she pushes her way past Rynn and goes into the cellar. From the basement, we hear her scream and she rushes back upstairs in terror, but she knocks the door loose and it crashes down on her head. Rynn looks down and sees Mrs. Hallet lying on the cellar steps, dead. Rynn attempts to cover up the evidence of Mrs. Hallet's visit; she hides her umbrella and tries to start her car to move it. The car won't start, and it attracts the attention of Mario (Scott Jacoby), a boy who is passing by on a bicycle. Mario is around Rynn's age, and he is on his way to a birthday party where he is to perform magic tricks. Mario is a gentle young man who walks with a cane due to an instance of polio in his childhood. Mario promises to help Rynn later, and he returns later to help her hide the car. Rynn makes him dinner, and when his uncle drops by to check on Rynn, Mario tells him Rynn's father was there but has gone to bed. Rynn is grateful that Mario has helped her keep the illusion going, although she doesn't open up to Mario right away about the reasons for her deceitfulness. Frank Hallet also shows up that night and interrupts their dinner; he is looking for his missing mother. Rynn refuses to discuss it with him, even though he kills her hamster by burning it to death with a cigarette. He also humiliates Mario, until Mario suddenly turns on him by revealing a knife hidden inside his cane. Frank runs off, but it is clear he will return. Rynn then tells Mario her secrets. She allows him to go into the cellar and he sees the corpses of both Mrs. Hallet and Rynn's mother. Rynn explains that her father was terminally ill, and that he was concerned about Rynn's estranged mother showing up to collect her if it became known that he was dead. Rynn and her father conspired to make sure that his death would be as inconspicuous as possible; Rynn's rent is paid for the next three years, and her funds are secured in a safety deposit box in the local bank. Almost every aspect of her existence is accounted for, and the only variable was her mother. Rynn's father gave Rynn a vial of white powder and told her to put it into her mother's tea if she ever showed up looking for her. It was cyanide, and Rynn began to suspect this even before her mother collapsed and died. Afterwards she hid her mother's body in the basement. Mario seems to understand and accept Rynn's situation, and he becomes her co-conspirator. He helps Rynn to bury the bodies outside the house, but catches a serious cold in the process. Later Rynn is visited by Miglioriti again, and he is on the verge of exposing Rynn's lies about her father. Suddenly Rynn's father appears and talks to Miglioriti, who is now embarassed that he ever doubted the man's existence. Miglioriti doesn't know that he is actually talking to Mario, who is wearing a disguise including a rubber mask. Miglioriti leaves, satisfied that Rynn's father will take care of any further problems. Mario's condition worsens, and he is hospitalized for pneumonia. Rynn visits him but he is sleeping and cannot hear her. She now understands that even though she has tried to be entirely self-sufficient, she has come to depend on Mario. When Rynn returns home, she is confronted by Frank Hallet, who has emerged from her own basement, giving her quite a shock. Hallet still suspects that Rynn is responsible for the disappearance of his mother because he has found one of his mother's hairpins, and half of a bright red fingernail in the cellar. Frank seems to not really mind that his mother is gone, and he implies that he will use this information to blackmail Rynn into a sexual relationship with him. Rynn now knows what she must do. She offers to fix them some tea, and she puts cyanide into one of the cups. Before they drink, Frank becomes suspicious and makes Rynn drink the cup that was meant for him. Rynn, however, is too smart for that: she herself had taken the poisoned cup, knowing that Frank would switch them. Frank drinks the tea and Rynn watches as the cyanide kills him.
tt0098966
Comedy,Drama,Family
Peter (Tom Selleck), Michael (Steve Guttenberg) and Jack (Ted Danson) are now dedicated "fathers" to five year old Mary (Robin Weisman). Everything is going along fine until Mary's mother, Sylvia (Nancy Travis), begins thinking she needs more stability in her life and doesn't think any of her roomates are up to the task. Sylvia doesn't know that Peter has fallen in love with her but is hesitant to act since he feels his best friend, and Mary's biological father, Jack should step up and marry her so she accepts a marriage proposal from the director of her play, Edward (Christopher Cazenove). The wedding is to be in England and shortly we learn that Edward plans to move Sylvia and Mary there as well. Faced with the prospect of losing Mary from their lives Michael and Jack convince Peter to finally ask Sylvia to marry him instead of the unlikable, but willing, Edward and the three go to great lengths to break them up. In the end Sylvia realizes that Edward is a scoundrel and that she really likes Peter as well so we get the typical and expected happy ending with Sylvia leaving Edward at the alter to return to New York.
tt0094631
Action,Sci-Fi
The story takes place in Los Angeles in 1991. Three years prior an alien craft crash-landed on Earth. The saucer housed 300,000 "Newcomers", an extraterrestrial race of hard labor workers. With no way to return to their home planet, the Newcomers were first quarantined and then finally released to live among humans in the LA area. An LA police detective, Matthew Sykes, and his partner, Detective Tuggle, are patrolling an LA Newcomer neighborhood when they spot two of the aliens dressed in long black coats entering a small convenience store. The aliens pull out shotguns and rob the store's owner. Sykes and Tuggle intervene when the robbers emerge from the store and a gunfight ensues. One of the newcomers changes the magazine on his shotgun and begins to fire several powerful rounds that pass through the entire width of the car Tuggle is hiding behind. Tuggle is hit in the chest by one of the shots and dies immediately. Sykes, enraged at his longtime partner's death, takes off after Tuggle's killers. Rushing into a dark tunnel near the store, the Newcomer Sykes chases pulls out a small vial of blue fluid and deposits a small amount on his tongue. The substance is clearly a drug and the newcomer, invigorated by it's effects, furiously charges Sykes. Sykes fires several shots into the alien's chest, who seems unaffected at first but eventually drops. When Sykes is found by the backup that arrives, one of the officers tries to help him to his feet. When Sykes sees that the officer is a Newcomer, he violently pushes him away and hits him. The next day at his headquarters, Sykes joins his company for the morning debriefing. Everyone is saddened by Tuggles' death and their captain announces that they'll be taking in a new officer, someone who happens to be a Newcomer, the 1st one to be promoted to detective. Sykes volunteers to take the Newcomer, Detective Francisco, as his new partner, despite his obvious prejudice about their species. Francisco, having taken a new name because his own alien name is unpronounceable, tells Sykes his given 1st name is Sam. Sykes refuses to refer to his partner as "Sam Francisco" so he dubs him "George." The two go to the coroner's lab where they receive a report about the Newcomer store owner and the alien Sykes shot. While Sykes talks to the coroner, George talks to his Newcomer assistant in their native language. Evidence of a specific condition was found in the murderer but George doesn't share the information with Sykes. George also has an obviously scared look on his face at the news. Sykes and George continue their investigation and find that another Newcomer, Joshua Strader, a nightclub owner, is their next lead. On a stretch of ocean beach, Strader is being beaten by the henchmen of a Newcomer businessman, William Harcourt, while his assistant, Rudyard Kipling (himself one of the Newcomers involved in the convenience store holdup), looks on. When Strader won't accept a lucrative offer from Harcourt, Harcourt orders his men to take Strader out into the salt water, which has the same effect on the alien species that acid would on humans. Further investigation by the pair reveals that Strader was quarantined with Harcourt and two other Newcomers who were chemists. Sykes and George talk to the manager of a factory where Newcomers work in a room filled with methane gas without harm. After Sykes and George leave, the manager looks over a room behind protective glass where Newcomers are working with complex machinery to produce a blue fluid like the one the store robber took a dose of before Sykes killed him.
tt0093185
Action,Crime,Horror
In the opening scene, a man named Jack DeVries (Chris Mulkey), robs a Los Angeles Wells Fargo bank, and kills all of the security guards inside. DeVries leads the Los Angeles Police Department on a high-speed chase, during which he forces an innocent motorist and several LAPD patrol cars off the road. In the meanwhile, the hot-tempered LAPD detective Sgt. Thomas Beck (Michael Nouri) questions DeVries' neighbor; the neighbor tells Beck that DeVries was a quiet, decent gentleman. Beck's partner, Det. Cliff Willis (Ed O'Ross) runs up and informs Beck that the LAPD is pursuing DeVries through West Hollywood. DeVries encounters a police blockade overseen by Beck. DeVries is shot several times, smashes through the blockade and crashes. He staggers out of the wreck, tosses out the bank bags full of money and laughs at the amazed police; the police then shoot at the Ferrari which explodes, knocking down DeVries. At a local hospital, a doctor informs Beck and Willis that DeVries is not expected to survive the night; Willis tells DeVries' doctor that within a span of only two weeks, DeVries has been on a violent crime spree. At the police station, Lt. Ed Flynn (Clu Gulager) and Lt. John Masterson (Clarence Felder) discuss reassigning Beck. After Flynn leaves, FBI Special Agent Lloyd Gallagher (Kyle MacLachlan) arrives and informs Masterson and Beck that the latter has been assigned to work with Gallagher. Gallagher states he has been trailing DeVries for the past month all the way from Seattle. When he learns that the spree killer is at the hospital, Gallagher then rushes off to go see DeVries. At the hospital, DeVries suddenly awakes, disconnects his life-support equipment and walks over to the comatose man in the next bed, Jonathan P. Miller (William Boyett). DeVries rips off Miller's breathing mask, then a slug-like alien life-form emerges from DeVries' mouth and transfers itself into Miller's body; DeVries then drops dead. When a doctor and nurse defibrillate Miller, Miller amazes the staff by awakening and calmly walking out. Gallagher arrives at the hospital and sees DeVries lying dead on the floor; Gallagher then questions Miller's attending physician, who tells Gallagher about Miller and his medical problems. Gallagher has told the doctor that Miller is wanted by the FBI, but the doctor is doubtful, saying that Miller is a good and gentle man. Miller is caught pocketing heavy metal music tapes by a music store owner; when the irate man tries to stop Miller, Miller beats the owner to death and steals $100 from the cash register, a small revolver pistol and a portable boombox. As Miller walks out of the store, he callously bumps into a young woman who is just walking in and sees the owner's bloodied corpse. Gallagher asks Beck to put out an alert on Miller, but Beck refuses after running a background check on Miller, who has never broken the law other than receiving a few traffic tickets. Beck investigates the music store owner's murder, but sees that Gallagher is already at the crime scene. Beck takes Gallagher aside and berates him, as Beck believes Gallagher is overstepping his jurisdiction and tells him to go back to Seattle. When the female witness identifies Miller as the murderer, Beck then agrees to put out an APB on Miller. Gallagher, who has followed Beck back to the station, tells Beck that DeVries and Miller were partners, and that neither man has a criminal record since they both frequently change identities. Gallagher and Beck leave the station in Gallagher's Porsche; Beck is amazed that Gallagher can afford such an expensive car, but Gallagher jokes that he stole it. Meanwhile, Miller is eating at a diner and annoying the customers and staff alike with his loud music blaring from his stolen boombox, but then turns it off when he sees visiting United States Senator Holt (John McCann) on TV; Holt is running for President of the United States. A passing red Ferrari Mondial catches Miller's attention and he rushes out of the restaurant without paying for his meal, leaving the boombox behind as he runs down the street. Gallagher tells Beck that Miller was at the hospital to see DeVries, and that Miller steals what he wants and kills anyone who gets in his way (Beck notes that DeVries acted in the same way). Miller arrives at a Ferrari dealership where he shoots and kills three men at dealership and steals the red Ferrari Mondial that he followed earlier; one of the men killed by Miller was an art gallery proprietor named Michael F. Buckley, who just bought the Ferrari that Miller stole. When Gallagher and Beck investigate the triple homicide, Gallagher mentions that Miller likes to steal Ferrari's, which Beck finds odd since DeVries also had a taste for Ferrari's. Gallagher later tells Beck that both DeVries and Miller had killed Gallagher's partner. Beck privately notes Gallagher's odd responses to his questions. Miller checks the wallet he stole from Buckley's pocket and finds business cards for Buckley's art imports business and a strip club. Miller drives to the art gallery where he then finds that Buckley was also an illegal arms dealer. The Alien realizes that Miller's poor medical condition makes Miller an unsuitable host and unsuccessfully tries to escape Miller's body. Miller recovers and loads as many guns as he can carry into a large bag. Meanwhile, Beck and Gallagher find out that Buckley was an arms dealer and Beck orders police units be sent to Buckley's home and business; by the time the police arrive at the art gallery, Miller is already long gone. Beck and Gallagher go to Beck's house for dinner. Gallagher becomes saddened when introduced to Beck's wife and daughter. Beck's daughter suddenly becomes withdrawn and frightened in Gallagher's presence. Beck once again finds Gallagher's odd responses and behavior as atypical of a FBI agent. Miller then decides to visit the strip club that Buckley once frequented, where the Alien jumps hosts once again, this time taking over the body of a stripper named Brenda (Claudia Christian), which allows her to bypass a police search despite carrying the large bag full of weapons. Brenda/Alien then has sex with a man in his car, induces a fatal heart attack in the man and steals his car. Gallagher is able to identify Brenda as the Alien's new host, and he and Beck pursue her in a chase through the streets and to a rooftop, where Brenda opens fire on Gallagher and Beck with a M-16 assault rifle, prompting Gallagher and Beck to return fire, mortally wounding Brenda. Gallagher points a strangely-shaped weapon at Brenda, but before he can fire it, Brenda taunts Gallagher and leaps from the roof. On the ground, Masterson arrives from his house to take charge of the scene; the Alien emerges from Brenda's dying body and enters Masterson's dog, Roy. Later, when Gallagher refuses to tell Beck what is going on and what he knows about the situation, Beck has him taken into custody and runs his credentials. Beck learns that "Gallagher" is in fact missing and presumed dead following a forest fire during a hunting trip over one month ago.The man with whom he has been working matches the description of Gallagher's friend Robert Stone, who similarly disappeared following the same fire. When Beck confronts Gallagher/Stone with this knowledge, Stone tells him that they are in fact pursuing an Alien thrill killer who has the ability to take over human bodies. Beck disregards the story as insane. Meanwhile, the Alien takes over the body of Lt. Masterson to get into the police station so that it can find and kill Stone. A shootout ensues, during which it is revealed that Stone is in fact another alien named Alhague, a police officer from a planet orbiting the star Altair. Alhague has been pursuing the Alien ever since it murdered his own wife and daughter and his police partner nine Earth years ago. The weapon he attempted to use on the rooftop is from his home world, and has the capability of killing an alien parasite without harming the host body (due to the Alien's different biochemistry); the weapon shoots an energy beam that causes a cinder-block wall to explode when it is mishandled by an unsuspecting police evidence technician, allowing Beck to free Alhague during the resultant chaos. As Masterson hunts Alhague, the Alien brags that Earth would be an easy target for his kind to conquer. Following an explosion from a M72 LAW rocket launcher fired by Masterson at Alhague in the cell block, the Alien transfers into Beck's partner Det. Cliff Willis (Ed O'Ross) and escapes. Witnessing the respect shown to Senator Holt and knowing that Holt is running for President, the Alien decides to take over his body; with Presidential power, the Alien could summon others of his kind to Earth, where they could easily conquer humanity. Alhague and Beck follow Holt, but Beck is severely wounded by the possessed Willis during the chase (as is Willis, who is so badly wounded that he must find a new host) and the Alien is able to transfer itself into the Senator before it can be stopped (one of Holt's aides hiding in a pantry witnesses the Alien taking over Holt's body, but she is so traumatized from the experience that she says nothing). Alhague is forced to attack Holt in the middle of a press conference, just after Holt announces to the media that he wants to be President; despite being shot several times by United States Secret Service bodyguards, police officers and Holt himself (who seizes a revolver, shocking everyone present as he repeatedly shoots at Alhague), Alhague is able to use a homemade flamethrower taken from the police evidence locker, burning Holt to death and forcing the alien to emerge from Holt's charred corpse. Before a crowd of horrified reporters, helpless Secret Service agents and LAPD officers, Alhague kills the Alien with his weapon before himself collapsing. Beck and Alhague are both taken to the hospital. Although Alhague rapidly recovers from his gunshot wounds, Beck has been mortally wounded. Alhague enters Beck's room, where he sees the effect that Beck's pending death is having on his wife and daughter. Once everyone else has left, Beck dies, but Alhague opens his mouth and emits a yellowish-white light (revealing himself to be an energy being), transferring himself into Beck's body. Stone's lifeless body collapses to the floor, while the alien Alhague (in Beck's body) makes a spontaneous recovery. Beck's wife and daughter return. Beck's daughter initially hesitates when Beck reaches out to her from his hospital bed. (Note: it is strongly implied that Beck's daughter, Betty, may have special abilities to "see" persons to who they are and that she knew from first sight that Gallagher/Stone/Alhague was an alien being, and she now knows that the Alien is inhabiting her father's dead body). But then, Betty smiles and takes his hand. Alhague now has a wife and daughter again and now confined to Earth for the rest of his now-natural human life.
tt0092796
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Prologue A delivery truck pulls up to a newsstand in a small town where a young boy named Billy (a character from the first Creepshow movie) arrives eagerly waiting for it. The truck's back shutter opens to reveal a sinister figure (Tom Savini) who drops off a package onto the sidewalk: the latest issue of Creepshow, much to Billy's delight. As the package opens of its own accord, Billy begins to read and the delivery man reveals his true identity as the Creepshow Creep. "Old Chief Wooden Head" An elderly couple, named Ray and Martha Spruce (George Kennedy and Dorothy Lamour), living in a small Arizona silver mining town, oversee a general goods store with a cigar store Indian named "Old Chief Wooden Head" who adorns the front porch and are humbled to see their old, run-down town coming to a bitter end. The Spruces are then visited by a Native American elder named Benjamin Whitemoon (Frank Salsedo) from a local tribe who gives them turquoise jewellery, which are his tribe's sacred treasures, as collateral for the debt the tribe has incurred. The elder bids them farewell and returns to his tribe. When Spruces go back inside their store, the couple are then subject to a vicious robbery led by Benjamin's nephew, Sam (armed with a shotgun) and his two friends. After ransacking the store, Sam demands that Ray hand over the turquoise. Ray resists, and as a result, the Spruces are then shot and killed by Sam. The three thugs then leave in their car and begin preparations to run away to Hollywood, California. Old Chief Wooden Head then comes to life and goes out on a warpath to kill Sam and his friends and avenge the murdered Spruces. Old Chief Wooden Head brutally kills Sam's two friends. He attacks the first thug by shooting arrows through the first thug's trailer, killing him. The wooden Indian then kills the second one by hacking him apart in his garage. Then, the wooden Indian then corners Sam in his trailer. Sam, confronted by the living walking Indian, sees that he is unable to fight back as the shells from his shotgun have no effect on his wooden assailant. Sam attempts to lock himself in his bathroom but Old Chief Wooden Head breaks through the wall and scalps Sam alive as he screams in terror. The next morning, Benjamin Whitemoon wakes up in the morning he finds the bag containing the turquoise jewellery by his side. He visits the Spruce's general store to find Old Chief Wooden Head back on his pedestal, holding his nephew's scalp. Now aware of what has happened, Benjamin wishes the dead Spruces a peaceful afterlife as well as peace for Old Chief Wooden Head now that his revenge quest has been completed. Whitemoon then drives away. Animated Interlude #1 Billy is seen at the town post office, receiving a package from when he sent a product ad from his copy of the Creepshow magazine. Incensed by the skeptical clerk's dismissal of paying $9.99 for a toy from the "funny papers," Billy reveals that the package actually contains the bulb for a carnivorous Venus Flytrap. The clerk doubts the actuality of the package and Billy sets off for home. "The Raft" Four college students, Deke, Laverne, Randy, and Rachel decide to go swimming in a desolate lake far away from civilization. As they make their way to a wooden raft in the middle of the lake, they realize that they are being terrorized by floating black blob when it grabs a hold of Rachel and consumes her. The frightened students begin to panic and mourn the loss of Rachel. Deke then contemplates quickly swimming to shore so he can bring back help as he is a fast swimmer. But before he can carry out his plan, the blob seeps through the raft's cracks and pulls Deke through the raft, killing him in the process. Randy and Laverne manage to evade the creature long enough to where it gives up trying to grab them from under the raft as well. Randy and Laverne spend the entire night on the raft, afraid to fall asleep in fear that the creature will attack them while they sleep. They do manage to fall asleep and Randy is the first to wake up in the morning, relieved to find that Laverne and himself made it through the night. With Laverne still sleeping, he begins caressing her body and fondling her breasts. She soon awakes screaming in agony as the creature has seeped through the cracks and has a hold of her face, much to Randy's horror. As the oil-like blob pulls her off the raft and begins consuming her, Randy uses the opportunity to jump off the raft and swim to shore. He ultimately makes it, barely escaping the creature and yells "I beat you!" However, the oil creature rises up from the water like a wave and engulfs Randy. The oil blob returns to the lake, with no evidence of the four students even visiting the lake other than their car which was left running the whole time. The camera pans out to reveal a "No Swimming" sign barely visible from behind some growth. Animated Interlude #2 On his way back home from the post office, Billy is ambushed by a gang of neighborhood bullies, who harass him and take his package from him. The gang's leader then opens the package, finding the Venus Flytrap bulb, and throws it on the ground, crushing it with his foot. In retaliation, Billy kicks the bully in the groin and flees, with the bully and his gang in hot pursuit. "The Hitchhiker" An adulterous businesswoman named Annie Lansing (Lois Chiles) gets up from bed after sleeping with her extramarital lover (who is a gigolo), realizing that she has to get home before her wealthy attorney husband to avoid suspicion. Annie hops into her Mercedes-Benz and makes way for home several miles away. On the way, she accidentally kills an innocent hitchhiker (Tom Wright) as a result of her speeding down the dark road, eager to beat her husband to the house. Seeing that no one witnessed the incident, Annie takes off without much thought. Shortly after Annie takes off, the area of the incident is crowded by passersby, with many reporting the hit-and-run to the police. Miles away from the scene, Annie stops along the road and begins thinking about what she has done and the consequences involved, but she ultimately concludes that no one has anything on her and thinks everything will be fine. Before she can continue, however, the hitchhiker she killed suddenly appears outside her window and utters "Thanks for the ride, lady." (A line repeated by the hitchhiker throughout the story). The frightened Annie then speeds off in terror, but everywhere she goes, the hitchhiker always reappears and becomes her tormentor throughout the trip as she repeatedly runs him over, hurls off the top of her car, slams his body into trees, etc. as he only gets more and more battered and bloody without dying. Annie eventually loses control of her car in which she drives off the road and down a hill and into a tree, knocking herself out. She awakes a short while later, not seeing the hitchhiker anywhere in sight, believing it to be a bad dream. She gets back on the road and drives home, succeeding in getting there before her husband. As she begins to step out of her car, the hitchhiker appears from under her car, completely mangled from the trip, still uttering "Thanks for the ride, lady," as he was made or programed to do by the forces of Hell. The hitchhiker begins attacking her as she vainly attempts to fight him off. Later, Annie's husband finally arrives home to find his wife's dead body in her car, dead from carbon monoxide poisoning caused from the still running car, with the hitchhiker's sign lying beside her showing his targeted destination (reading: DOVER). Epilogue Still being chased by the bullies, Billy leads his pursuers into a vacant lot swarming with out of control plant growth. As he rides into what seems to be a dead end, the bullies move in to pummel him only to learn that the bulb they smashed was not the first one Billy had ordered, as a quintet of Giant Flytraps emerge from the surrounding weeds and devour the thugs one by one. The spectacle is witnessed by the Creep himself, who cackles in glee as he drives off in his delivery truck to deliver the latest issue of Creepshow to another town.
tt0089730
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Everyone is getting laid except for Mark [Jim Carrey]. His girlfriend Robin [Karen Kopins] wants to wait so it can be something "beautiful". Mark doesn't want to wait, so he goes off in search of a lay. He meets the Countess [Lauren Hutton] who is looking for a virgin--a virgin's blood, that is. She invites Mark home with her and sucks him once. She follows him to a clothing store and takes her second drink. But drink three doesn't come as easily. Mark's girlfriend is getting wise. When Halloween comes, Mark wins the 'best costume' award for his vampire dress ("But I'm not wearing a costume!"), and the countess comes looking for her final drink. She almost wins except that Mark and his girlfriend sneak a quickie in a coffin. Mark no more virgin.
tt0095889
Horror,Thriller
After battling the Reverend Kane and his long-deceased followers in the first two Poltergeist movies, an unnerved Steven and Diane Freeling (Craig T. Nelson and JoBeth Williams) ask Diane's sister, Patricia Gardner (Nancy Allen), to take in their youngest child, Carol Anne (Heather O'Rourke). Carol Anne is soon shipped off to live with her Aunt Pat and Uncle Bruce (Tom Skerritt), and teenage cousin Donna (Lara Flynn Boyle), in their ultra-modern Chicago skyscraper, which Bruce owns. About a month into her stay with her Aunt Pat and Uncle Bruce, Carol Anne befriends a friendly window-washer. One morning,the window-washer starts washing Carol Anne's bedroom window. When he's done wiping all the soap from the window, the window-washer waves to Carol Anne, and then presses a button on his window-washer-rig, and the rig descends a few flights. Carol Anne goes over to her bedroom window, presses her hands onto the glass, and looks down at the window-washer. The rig has stopped, and the window-washer looks up, revealing the face of the long-deceased Reverend Kane. Carol Anne backs away from her bedroom-window in horror and sits on her bed, when Aunt Pat walks into the room. Carol Anne then turns on her red Speak-N-Spell toy, and the Speak-N-Spell asks Carol Anne to spell the word 'parakeet', but Aunt Pat spells the word 'bird' instead, and aunt and niece share a laugh. Uncle Bruce walks into the room and asks Pat to get cousin Donna out of Pat and Bruce's bathroom. After Pat walks out, Uncle Bruce tells Carol Anne not to call her Aunt Pat 'Trish', after he overhears Carol Anne call Pat that. Eventually Carol Anne and Bruce get up and go off to make breakfast, as its Carol Anne's turn to pick out the family's breakfast for the day. Meanwhile, Pat checks on Donna and finally gets Donna to unlock the door. Carol Anne and Bruce go to the kitchen to pick out the family's breakfast, and while Bruce looks in the refrigerator, Carol Anne looks in the cupboard and pulls out a box of cereal, while Pat and Donna share a laugh about Donna's makeup in Pat and Bruce's bathroom, Donna asking her step-mother, Patricia,if she could use Patricia's makeup compact, before leaving the bathroom, once she's done putting on her makeup. Once everyone's dressed and ready to go, Carol Anne and her relatives walk out of the apartment and down the hall towards the elevator. Donna remarks about how Carol Anne's dressed like she's going on an arctic expedition, as everyone's all bundled up, as they're under the impression that it's freezing-cold outside, due to have cold it is in the building. While waiting for the elevator, Donna asks her parents what they plan to wear for Aunt Patricia's art gallery opening party for tonight, and after Bruce tells Donna that he plans to wear his wedding tux to the party, Donna, Patricia,and Carol Anne all end up joking about how Bruce looks in his wedding picture with Pat,who he married only a year ago,as Patricia's really Donna's step-mother. Once the elevator comes,and he sees that the elevator's full, Bruce pulls out his pass-key, gives it to Carol Anne, and they all run off to take the stairs and then a freight elevator.Once inside the freight elevator, Carol Anne puts the pass-key in the key-hole, to start up the freight-elevator. Bruce then makes a crack about Donna's putting on too much make-up,when the lights in the elevator go off,and the elevator grinds to a halt, and shakes,but only temporarily, as we hear disembodied laughter,as the elevator lights go back on and the elevator starts moving again. Eventually the family gets off the freight elevator, and gets into a regular elevator that's just a bit less packed. Bruce eventually gets off on the floor where his office is situated,gives Donna and Patricia a kiss,thanks Carol Anne for 'the lift',and then gets off the elevator,passing a man who then notices a crack in the mirror in-between two elevator shafts.Bruce then runs into one of his workers,Bill,and has him check out the freight elevator that he,Patricia, and the girls were just in. When Patricia,Donna,and Carol Anne reach the garage,to meet up with Donna and Carol Anne's ride to school, they notice that Mrs. Moyer (Paty Lombard), the shrewd mother of Donna's friend, Martin (Paul Graham), has just driven off with Martin, Martin's sister, Marcie (Catherine Gatz), and Donna's boyfriend Scott (Kipley Wentz). Carol Anne is happy that she missed her ride, as she's not looking forward to going to her school for 'emotionally disturbed children'.But, Patricia then gets the idea for them to go meet Mrs. Moyer and the gang right outside the front of the building,so she,Donna, and Carol Anne run through the indoor mall, flying down a couple of flights of escalators,and then they make it outside,just in time for Mrs. Moyer to pull up right in front. Donna notices how warm it is outside, and starts undoing the buttons on her jacket, when Patricia spots Mrs. Moyer's van, so Patricia,Donna,and Carol Anne race to catch the mini-van,just as Carol Anne's about to undo her coat and scarf,and once they catch the mini-van,Donna and Carol Anne climb aboard. Patricia then apologizes to Mrs. Moyer for being late,again,and then Mrs. Moyer drives off,and Patricia goes back into the building,and eventually arrives at her art gallery,where she meets up with her partner, Mary (E.J. Murray), and Takamitsu (Dean Tokuno), as they get the gallery ready for tonight's grand opening.Patricia checks with Mary to make sure that everything is going as planned for tonight's grand opening, then Patricia goes off to sit down,in front of a mirror,and next to a statue,to watch Mary, Takamitsu, and the art students Mary hired to help move some of the art-work into place, for the opening,and while Patricia's sitting down, in front of this huge mirror,a couple of art students almost drop a priceless statue,but catch it just in time.When Patricia sits back down,next to this statue, which is also right in front of this huge mirror, the statue's reflection moves its head towards Patricia,while in reality, the statue hasn't moved at all. While on the ride to school, Carol Anne looks out the window,and sees the face of Reverend Kane reflecting in the window,while Martin asks Donna why she can't come to his birthday party,scheduled for that evening,but Martin's snotty little sister, Marcie, tells everyone that Donna has to stay upstairs and babysit Carol Anne,while Patricia and Bruce are at the art-gallery opening that evening. A bit later, Marcie asks Carol Anne why she goes to Doctor Seaton's school for 'weirdoes', but Carol Anne corrects her. Mrs. Moyer then pulls up in front of Carol Anne's school and Carol Anne climbs out of the van,when a school bully plays a prank on Carol Anne,but Donna and Scott stick up for Carol Anne,before Mrs. Moyer drives off. Carol Anne waves 'good-bye' to Donna as the van pulls off, and the bully jumps out at Carol Anne again, and Carol Anne walks into the school.Doctor Seaton (Richard Fire), sees all this from the teacher's lounge,and isn't too happy to see some of the other kids picking on Carol Anne because word had gotten out about Carol Anne's past encounters with ghosts,including the deceased Reverend Kane and his followers in the first sequel. Mrs. Moyer then pulls up in front of Donna, Scott, and Martin's school and after climbing out of the Moyer family van, Donna and Scott discuss possible dating plans for the weekend,while Martin passes them.Once Scott walks off,Donna's friends, Sandy (Meg Thalken), and Melissa (Stacy Gilchrist),come up to talk to Donna about Scott's being in love with her.Donna takes out the makeup compact she asked her step-mother,Patricia,if she could borrow for the day,and when she opens the compact, the compact's mirror is broken. A bit later that afternoon,Carol Anne's teacher, Deborah (Meg Thalken), has the class listen to Chopan's second piano concerto,while giving a lesson to the class.Doctor Seaton and 3 observers are watching the class during the lesson.One of the observers sees Carol Anne staring at the one-way mirror in the classroom and feels intimidated by Carol Anne's staring,so he asks Doctor Seaton about 'that little blond girl',and Doctor Seaton starts telling the observers about Carol Anne's case,as they leave the observation room.After they leave the observation-room,we get a brief glimpse of the Reverend Kane's reflection in the one-way mirror.Then,out in the hall,Doctor Seaton tells the observers about Carol Anne and her story,which obviously Doctor Seaton doesn't believe for a minute, dismissing the whole ghostly story about the deceased Reverend Kane and his followers as 'mass hypnosis',as he claims that Carol Anne has some supernatural powers to make people believe that they're seeing things that aren't really there.Then,in Deborah's classroom,Carol Anne sees Reverend Kane's image in the one-way mirror,standing right outside the classroom window,but when Carol Anne looks out the classroom window,she sees no one there,then she turns back to the one-way mirror,and sees Reverend Kane's image backing away from the classroom window.Meanwhile,thousands of miles away,Tangina Barrons (Zelda Rubenstien) is enjoying some tea with a couple of elderly lady friends when she gets an image that the Reverend Kane is stalking Carol Anne again,and now must leave to fly to Chicago to help Carol Anne do battle with Reverend Kane,once again,so she gets up, grabs her purse,and walks off to catch a flight to Chicago. Meanwhile,Carol Anne is under hypnosis in Doctor Seaton's office. She has been hypnotized and Doctor Seaton asks Carol Anne about what she has just seen while under hypnosis, and then starts asking her about why the Reverend Kane and his followers are after her and want her to "lead them into the light". Carol Anne explains that the ghosts in the first movie kidnapped her because they were angry about the homes Carol Anne's father, Steven's real estate company built over their graves,and so are the Reverend Kane and his followers who decide that Carol Anne must lead them into the light,into heaven, if they are to be saved. When Carol Anne sees the tree eating her brother, Robbie (Oliver Robins), while under hypnosis,she screams and Doctor Seaton rushes to snap her out of the hypnotic trance she was put into by him. Doctor Seaton then asks Carol Anne a few questions,including if she misses her parents, Steven and Diane,and she says that she does, and then starts looking for Reverend Kane's image in this one-way mirror in Doctor Seaton's office,the three observers who were with Dr. Seaton earlier, watching this through the one-way mirror in Dr. Seaton's office. Dr. Seaton asks Carol Anne what's she's looking for, but Carol Anne refuses to tell Dr. Seaton who she's looking for, in the mirror in his office, until she sees a grotesque hand come up out of the reflection of Dr. Seaton's desk,in the one-way mirror,and picks up the reflection of Doctor Seaton's coffee-mug. Carol Anne then jumps out of the seat she's sitting in,and runs out of Doctor Seaton's office,just as the grotesque hand throws the coffee-mug's reflection at the mirror,making the mirror shatter into millions of tiny pieces,and making Doctor Seaton duck for cover.One of the observers asks Doctor Seaton if he's okay,and why the mirror broke,which Doctor Seaton explains is just another demonstration of Carol Anne's powers of manipulation,explaining that Carol Anne someone got this observer to smash the mirror with her own coffee mug. Later that night, Uncle Bruce and Aunt Patricia are getting ready for the art-gallery grand opening.While getting ready,Uncle Bruce comes into Carol Anne's room to talk to her about what happened at Doctor Seaton's school. Carol Anne is sitting at her bedroom-window's little padded ledge,clad in her red,button-up, footed blanket sleeper pajamas, as its still very cold in the building,despite the warm weather from earlier in the day. Bruce tries to get Carol Anne to tell him what happened at Doctor Seaton's school, but Carol Anne refuses,and Bruce gets up and walks off to finish getting ready.He goes back to his bedroom, where his wife,Patricia,is putting the finishing touches on her dress for the party.Patricia and Bruce talk about Carol Anne and what happened at the school,and while already,Patricia seems to be siding with Doctor Seaton's explanation for what's happening, Bruce isn't convinced,and tries to urge his wife not to buy into any of Doctor Seaton's hair-brained theories.He then goes off to get finished getting dressed,but as he leaves,his image/reflection in Pat's mirror doesn't leave, until Patricia turns to look in the mirror,and sees Bruce's reflection still staring at her.Once he has his whole tux on, Bruce comes back into Carol Anne's room and gives her a 'good-night' kiss, and then goes to give his daughter, Donna, a kiss ON HER LIPS!!!!! as well. Once done with that, Bruce and Patricia leave, but as they walk down the hallway, which is lined with these large mirrors going from the floor to the ceiling,the reflections of the doors of the other apartments open,and out steps the Reverend Kane's image out of all three doors. Meanwhile, Carol Anne goes and fixes herself a sandwich,and then goes to spy on her cousin,Donna,whose on the phone with her friend Sandy.Carol Anne overhears Donna call her 'sort of a relative, but not really'. After Donna gets off the phone, she sees Carol Anne standing in her door-way.Carol Anne comes in and sits down on the floor of Donna's bedroom, and then urges Donna to sneak out and go to Martin's party. At first,Donna is reluctant,but Carol Anne then convinces her to go.Donna then apologies to Carol Anne for calling her 'sort of a relative', but Carol Anne forgives Donna and they both hug each other. Minutes later, Patricia and Bruce arrive at the party and are greeted by Mary and some friends of Bruce and Pat's. Patricia goes off with Mary, while Bruce just checks out the scene. Meanwhile,upstairs,Donna's finishing up getting ready for Martin's party. Then, the bathroom door opens,and Donna sees Carol Anne's reflection in the mirror telling her how pretty she looks, but when she repeats a phrase that Aunt Patricia told Donna that morning,Donna hears a knock at the door, and turns to open it,and there Carol Anne stands,and she repeats what her reflection said to Donna a few seconds ago. Donna looks dumbfounded, not understanding why she saw Carol Anne's reflection just seconds before the real Carol Anne came to the door,but she walks out of the bathroom,and though she has second thoughts about leaving Carol Anne alone, Carol Anne urges her to go,so Donna grabs her jacket and Bruce's pass-key,so she could sneak downstairs to Martin's party through the emergency stairs to avoid detection. Donna then tells Carol Anne to be good,and gives her a kiss, before walking out. Once Donna closes the Gardner apartment door,the Reverend Kane's reflection goes inside the apartments, as the apartment doors in the mirror slam shut,while the actual doors were always closed.Carol Anne hears the slamming doors from out in the hall,and starts backing up into her bedroom, and eventually she slams her own bedroom door closed. When Donna arrives at Martin's party,Martin informs her that her parents canceled their plans for the evening after Mr. Moyer got sick, so they allow Martin to have his party,but he can't play the music too loud.Donna is bummed that she risked getting into trouble so she could go to this lame party,but she's happy that she gets to see her boyfriend, Scott,anyway,but her friends,Sandy,Melissa,and their boyfriends Jeff (Joey Garfield), and Dusty (Christian Murphy),have other plans,as Sandy first suggest that they go to Donna's apartment,but she's not too comfortable with that,and then Melissa suggests the mall downstairs,but of course,Donna can't go down there,either,because of Patricia's art gallery opening is taking place there,so Dusty suggests the indoor pool upstairs,and Donna,knowing that she has her father's pass-key, and that no one's there,due to the pool being locked-up,takes out her pass-key,and she, Scott,and the others run off to go sneak into the indoor-pool area. Meanwhile, Carol Anne's upstairs on her bed, playing with her Speak-N-Spell. Eventually,she hears the Reverend Kane's voice,very faintly calling her name,so she looks out her window, and then at the large mirror(s) that cover(s) the whole wall on the other side of her bedroom from her bedroom-window, including the back of her bedroom door,but sees nothing,but she still can hear Kane calling her, so Carol Anne climbs off her bed,and goes to her window.She then climbs on the window-ledge, and puts her hands on the window,to look to see if she could find Kane out her window,but she can't, but she still hears Kane calling her,so she gets off the window-ledge,and slowly walks to her mirror and puts her hands on the mirror. A hand bursts through the mirror and grabs Carol Anne's hands.She looks at her reflection,and her face in her reflection is distorted and she hears Kane say "We're back!", and then he drags her up the mirror. Carol Anne struggles to free herself, kicking the mirror with her blanket sleeper-encased feet,until she finally makes her possessed reflection let go of her,and Carol Anne goes flying and lands on her bed.She then slowly sits up and climbs off her bed,while Kane laughs at her,thinking that he's got her trapped. Carol Anne tries to open her bedroom-door,but it won't open,Kane has it locked,but then Carol Anne hears Tangina's voice,from a far-off place, telling her to break the mirror,if she wants to escape her bedroom,so Carol Anne grabs a pair of ice-skates on the floor, and swings them at the mirror on the back of her bedroom door,and the mirror breaks,unlocking the door. Carol Anne grabs the knob,turns,and runs out of the bedroom,closing the door behind her. Meanwhile, Tangina tries to call Dr. Seaton to get him to go help Carol Anne, but he thinks its only Carol Anne pranking him, so he tries to call the Gardner apartment, but after he dials the number, he soon hears an ear-piercing static-sound coming out of the phone, and hangs up the phone and decides to go complain to Aunt Patricia and Uncle Bruce about Carol Anne's antics, while Patricia's having her art gallery opening. Carol Anne meanwhile,tries to get Donna, but Mrs. Moyer tells her that Donna's not there, so Carol Anne hangs up and decides to try to go back to her bedroom to see if Reverend Kane's still in there, while Donna and her friends are sneaking into the indoor pool-area. When Carol Anne gets to her bedroom door, she puts her ear to the door to see if she could hear anything,and then tries to open her bedroom door, but the door then flies open,and out comes a blinding light and a howling wind that throws Carol Anne backwards,slamming her back against the opposite wall,where a mirror is hanging from the wall, falls to the floor,and when Carol Anne looks into the mirror,she hears Kane calling to her through her reflection,so she gets up,walks out of the apartment,and down the hall.She then runs to the nearby elevator and is about to go in,when she sees Kane's reflection in the mirror in the back of the elevator-cab,so Carol Anne runs to the emergency stairs and goes through them,while the front door to the Gardner apartment slams shut on its own. While Carol Anne's running from Kane,Donna and Scott let the rest of the gang into the pool-area,and then they go off to turn off the security-camera monitoring the pool-area,Donna telling Sandy,Melissa,Dusty,and Jeff to wait for her to turn off the security-camera for the pool-area, before they go to change into some swim-suits.Once Donna and Scott get to the security-room,once they find out that the security-room is empty,they sneak in and go to turn off the pool-area security monitor. Scott glances at a monitor for the grocery-store that's also located in this big, expansive, post-modern skyscraper, and suggests that he and Donna go get some beer,and though Donna fears that they might get into trouble, Scott convinces Donna to change her mind,and eventually they run off to go get some beer and chips, all while Carol Anne's running from Kane, hiding in the emergency stairwell.She sits in a corner of the stairwell, until she hears Kane coming,so she gets up and runs down another flight of stairs,until Kane and his followers are able to corner Carol Anne by blocking off her escape routes, snow and ice coating everything, both the descending stairs and the ascending ones.Carol Anne backs up away from all the snow and ice, until she hits a door with her back. She then turns, opens the door,and runs out of the stairwell,and once the door closes and Carol Anne runs out,the snow and ice disappear from the stairwell completely. Meanwhile,Donna and Scott come back with their beer and chips from the convenience store and sneak back into the security-room. Once she and Scott sneak back into the security-room, kissing each other on the lips before putting their beer and chips on the console, Donna then turns on the security-camera and she and Scott start talking into the microphone,to scare Sandy,Melissa,Jeff and Dusty.Once they realize that its Scott and Donna,the other kids started laughing and clowning around in the pool.As Donna and Scott are laughing at their friends' antics,Donna looks at one of the security monitors covering the seven or eight levels of garages at the bottom of the building,and Donna sees her cousin, Carol Anne, running through the garage,and she takes off to go find Carol Anne, with Scott taking off right behind her. Carol Anne is still running from Kane and his followers. She eventually starts running down a ramp in the garage, as Kane's voice is getting louder and louder,asking her to lead him and his followers into the light.Carol Anne keeps backing up,oblivious to the puddle at the end of the ramp,until she backs into the puddle, and once she does,Carol Anne looks down at her blanket sleeper-encased feet, submerged in the puddle,and seconds later,grotesque hands rise up out of the puddle, which then turns into a pool with a bright light coming up out of it.Just then,Donna and Scott arrive at the garage-level where they saw Carol Anne, and when Donna calls Carol Anne,she and Scott hear her scream,and come running. Eventually they find Carol Anne, completely submerged in what used to be a puddle,so they run down the ramp to go help Carol Anne and start fighting with these grotesque hands to try to free Carol Anne.Eventually,one of these hands rises up,grabs Scott by the top of the head,and pulls him into the puddle. Donna screams for Scott, and then tries to help Carol Anne,only to get pulled into the puddle herself,as both Donna and Scott disappear out of sight. Now without anyone to help her,the hands grab a-hold of Carol Anne and pull her under until she disappears out of sight, and then the pool,or tank that used to be a puddle, closes up and turns back into a puddle. A little later as the party drags on, Uncle Bruce has a nagging feeling that something just isn't right and he gets that feeling confirmed when a security-guard comes to the party and tells Bruce that some of Donna's friends were caught in the swimming-pool, so Bruce leaves the party and goes upstairs to question Donna's friends about her and Scott's where-abouts, since Sandy and the gang told the security-guards that Donna and Scott had let them into the pool-area and then went to go turn off the security-camera.When he gets to the pool-area,Bruce questions Sandy,Jeff,Dusty,and Melissa,but Sandy tells Bruce that they have no idea where Donna and Scott went after they turned off the cameras for them,so Bruce tells the security guards to take Donna's friends to a holding area,where he can notify their parents about their breaking into the pool-area without authorization,and then after the guards and the kids leave,Bruce walks around the pool-area, and when he's about to leave, a bright flash of light comes up from the pool, making Bruce turn to see where that flash of light was coming from, and when he looks back at the pool, Bruce sees that the pool's surface has turned into a sheet of ice. Then, he sees a figure pop out of a hole in the ice. The figure stumbles to his feet, and runs towards Bruce,smashing into a glass partition, the figure covered in this white,gelatin-like substance, but eventually Bruce notices that it's Scott. Scott starts mumbling about someone having Donna and Carol Anne,but when Bruce questions him, Scott won't say who he's referring to. Then, the door to the pool-area opens and in steps Patricia and Doctor Seaton. Patricia asks Bruce what happened,and as Bruce is explaining about the ice in the pool, he turns, and sees that the pool is completely normal and ice-free. He then tells Doctor Seaton to take Scott home,while he and Pat goes upstairs to see if Carol Anne and Donna are in the apartment,where they should've been all along,but when Pat and Bruce get upstairs,they see that Carol Anne's door has morphed into some living creature,the door bulging up and down as if it was the chest of a creature with two hearts.Bruce and Pat run to the door to see if they could open it,when Carol Anne's hand burst through the middle of her bedroom door.Pat grabs Carol Anne's arm and his almost swallowed whole by the door, but Bruce tries to prevent Pat from getting sucked into the door,but just as it looks like Patricia's going to get sucked through the door,Tangina arrives and helps Bruce and Pat out, separating them from what's actually Carol Anne's evil clone, which then gets sucked back into the door, and then the door turns into a normal door again. Tangina tries to explain to Bruce and Pat, who are both very skeptical about what's going on, what's happening and tells them in order to get Donna and Carol Anne back,they had to find out how they got to 'The Other Side',in the first place, so they go to Scott's apartment,where Doctor Seaton is sitting with Scott in his bedroom. After Bruce, Pat, and Tangina get to Scott's apartment, Scott's mother shows them where Scott is, in his bedroom with Doctor Seaton. When Tangina walks into Scott's bedroom,to observe the proceedings, she has Doctor Seaton hypnotize Scott to find out what happened,while Bruce calls his security-guards to have them look for Donna and Carol Anne,as Bruce thinks that Donna and Carol Anne are just roaming around the building together. Scott eventually tells Doctor Seaton and Tangina about the puddle and the grotesque hands that grabbed him and the girls and pulled them in under the surface of what was once a puddle. When they finally find where this puddle is, Tangina's able to talk to Carol Anne through the puddle and she tells Carol Anne to go back to her room to try to come out from 'the other side', somewhere in her room, with Donna, but Doctor Seaton has had enough and calls Tangina a fraud,and while Patricia stays skeptical,and is starting to believe that Doctor Seaton may be right,that Carol Anne's behind all of this,Bruce is starting to believe Tangina, that Carol Anne and Donna really are in some alternative dimension. They start heading back upstairs to see if Carol Anne and Donna have been able to get back to 'this side', from 'the other side'. When Bruce,Pat,Tangina, and Doctor Seaton get back upstairs, Tangina tells Pat and Bruce why this is happening,and why Kane still wants Carol Anne to lead him into the light,but Doctor Seaton scoffs at this,but Bruce tells him to shut up. Once they get to the door, Bruce opens the door and eventually they hear Carol Anne's Speak-N-Spell.At first,they only hear the toy,but then Bruce sees Carol Anne's reflection come out of her bedroom, in the mirror,in the hallway,but when they turn to look into the apartment, Carol Anne's not there, only her reflection is. Tangina talks to this reflection and tries to coax Carol Anne to come out through the mirror,but she starts sensing that something's not right. Eventually Bruce decides to do something and tries to lunge toward the mirror to grab Carol Anne's reflection and make her come out of the mirror, but Tangina stops him and Carol Anne's reflection's face morphs into Kane's, and he grabs Tangina,turning her into a corpse.Bruce throws the rotted corpse to the floor and Donna bursts out of the dead body.Once he realizes that its his daughter, Bruce grabs Donna and lifts her out of Tangina's dead,rotten corpse, and then they bring her into the apartment and put her in the tub to wash all that rotted flesh and slime off of Donna. Bruce then carries Donna over to his and Pat's bed that they both share together every night since before their marriage, for sleeping and for having passionate hot steamy sex all night long, and puts her down on the bed and KISSES HER ON HER SWEET LIPS AGAIN!!!!!! Donna then gets hysterical, calling out to Carol Anne and Pat runs off,as she's starting to 'loose it'. Bruce takes off after Pat,while he has Doctor Seaton watch over Donna. As he's talking to Pat, as Pat starts talking of running off with Bruce and Donna,while leaving Carol Anne behind for Doctor Seaton to deal with,Bruce sees Carol Anne run past him and Pat and out of the apartment. Bruce takes off after Carol Anne and walks out the apartment,and sees Carol Anne go into the emergency stairwell, so he takes off after Carol Anne, and Pat eventually follows. Meanwhile, Donna has Doctor Seaton go find Bruce and Pat, so he starts looking for them. Dr. Seaton sees the apartment door open,walks out into the hall, and sees Carol Anne running towards the elevators at the end of the hall,so he takes off after Carol Anne,calling her name. When he gets to the elevator, Dr. Seaton sees Carol Anne, but only her reflection in the mirror at the back of the elevator.Dr. Seaton fights to keep the elevator doors from closing completely,but when he finally opens the doors, there's no elevator-cab there,just an empty shaft.Then, someone behind him gives him a shove,and Dr. Seaton falls down the elevator-shaft to his death, as we see that the murderer is Donna, but when the elevator-cab comes back up, and the doors open, out comes Scott and he and Donna start laughing, until they start kissing,and while kissing her, Scott peels a layer of skin off Donna's face and we see that Donna and Scott are really just evil clones of the original, as the clones walk down the hall and go back into the Gardner apartment. Meanwhile, Bruce is still chasing after Carol Anne in the stairwell. Just as he sees Carol Anne go through the door leading out to the floor of the building that has this fancy restaurant on this particular floor, Bruce follows Carol Anne out of the stairwell, but then he looses her again. Patricia finally catches up to Bruce,still thinking that Carol Anne's behind all of this,but Bruce isn't convinced, and they follow Carol Anne into the dining-room. They then see,in a mirror, Carol Anne's reflection run into the kitchen, so they run after her, into the kitchen. Bruce and Pat walk around the kitchen,until they come to this meat-locker. They see the door to the meat-locker swing open,so Bruce and Pat step into the frozen, dark, meat-locker, and Bruce flips on the light-switch, and the locker-door slams shut, locking Pat and Bruce into the locker. Bruce and Pat turn to try to get out of the locker, but can't. They start banging on the door, to try to get someone's attention, and Bruce tries to push in the escape-lever, but the door won't budge. Then, water starts rushing out of the ceiling on the other side of the meat-locker,and Pat and Bruce start banging on the locker-door even harder. The water starts filling the meat-locker, as it continues to pour sideways, from the walls,getting closer and closer to Bruce and Pat,until Bruce hears Tangina's voice,turns and starts lunging for Tangina, whose emerging from the water.Just then,as Bruce grabs Tangina's squash-necklace that she always has around her neck, and the locker-door bursts open, and Bruce and Pat find themselves in the garage, which is now completely covered in snow and ice.Bruce and Pat embrace, as they sit on the floor of the garage, and try to keep their composure and sanity,when they hear what sounds like a growl. They look in the direction of the noises,and see that the headlights on the cars in the garage turn on and then they hear the starting of car-engines and then the parked cars start coming out of their parking-spaces and start driving at Bruce and Pat, the cars completely caked in sheets of snow and ice,so that Bruce and Pat can't see if anyone's in any of these cars,as if these cars have come alive and morphed into some sort of car-monsters. Bruce and Pat run from the cars and try to avoid getting hit, eventually leaping over one of the car-monsters. Bruce and Pat then struggle to their feet and see one car in particular come at them. This car isn't like the others in that there's a huge hole in the windshield,on the driver's side, where a bright light's coming out,and Bruce sees a figure through this hole in the windshield and asks the person behind the wheel who he is and what he wants, but Kane just has the other two cars next to him 'lunge' at Pat and Bruce,and Bruce shoves Pat out of the way. Then, another car comes at Bruce, whose now on the floor, so he gets up,just in time, as this car passes him, and then slams into one of the monster-cars which was overturned when it crashed into a parked car, and when this second car smashes into this overturned car, the gas-tank ruptures,as oil and gas starts pouring out of this car. Bruce crawls around on the snow-covered garage floor to get away from the car-monsters when he feels something wet in the snow,and realizes that its gasoline, so he takes a match out of his pocket, lights it, and throws the lighted match on the gasoline, as the gasoline erupts into a huge fire. Kane tries to ram his car into Bruce, to prevent him from throwing the lighted-match on the gasoline,but it's too late, and Kane's car crashes into a parked car, as Bruce dodges out of the way before Kane can hit him. Bruce and Pat get up and try to run away, but the resulting explosion from the lighted gasoline sends Bruce and Pat flying. Eventually they get up, as water from the sprinkler system rains down on them. When they get up, Pat and Bruce see that the garage is now normal.The cars are normal,still parked in their same usual spots and all the ice and snow is gone as well. Pat and Bruce then start running down a couple of garage-ramps, until they're a good enough distance away from the sprinklers, where there's no water anywhere. Eventually they stop and Pat notices that it's not freezing cold in the building anymore and Bruce and Pat embrace and start kissing,until Mary, in her purple car, roars up in front of them. Pat and Bruce look, and when they see Mary come out of the car, they breath a sigh of relief. Mary then informs them that the party has ended and everyone's gone home,and that Donna called to have Mary tell Pat and Bruce that they and Doctor Seaton are waiting for them upstairs in the apartment, and then she drives off. Minutes later, Bruce and Patricia get to the lobby, come out of one set of elevators to get into another.A middle-aged couple comes out of the other set of elevators, and Bruce,noticing that the other couple is looking at them,wondering how they (Bruce and Patricia), got all wet, makes a crack about doing some maintenance work on the building, to explain why his tux and Pat's dress/gown are all soaked, as the elevator doors close. Bruce and Pat, thinking that everything's over, start talking about what to do once they get upstairs and Pat tells him that she wants to get Carol Anne's things together and ship her right back home, tonight, as she still blames Carol Anne for all that has happened, still believing that this was all just some evil game that Carol Anne was playing on everyone, all that happened,but then Kane's image appears in the mirror right behind Pat and Bruce, at the back of the elevator. Pat and Bruce turn, and the elevator comes to a halt, and then Kane makes the elevator start plunging, as he's taken over the elevator. The elevator then stops on the fifteen floor, but as Bruce and Pat are about to get up, the elevator starts coming alive, and now starts rapidly rising up the elevator-shaft, faster and faster as the numbers climb. Bruce manages to get up and press the emergency stop button, right before the elevator reaches the top of the shaft. Bruce then gets up and tries to open the elevator doors, as the elevator's stuck between floors. Bruce climbs up and is able to get out on the 97th floor and then helps Pat up out of the elevator. They then embrace, until Pat sees Doctor Seaton's dead body on the top of the elevator-cab. Once they see that it was,in fact,Doctor Seaton, Bruce and Pat run off. Bruce, remembering what Tangina told him while he and Pat her locked in the meat-locker 'outside-in', gets an idea, he and Pat will get into Carol Anne's room through the window-washer-rig, Bruce grabbing a metal shovel that he happens to find as he and Pat are making their way to the washer-rig,and then they climb up on the washer-rig. Once on the rig, Bruce makes the rig go out, and then down the side of the huge skyscraper, the whole Chicago skyline off in the background. Once they finally get down to Carol Anne's bedroom window, Bruce stops the rig, hugs Patricia, and then grabs the shovel, or hoe, and starts swinging it at the window. At first, the window doesn't break, and Bruce and Pat here a growling sound each time Bruce hits the window. Finally, when Bruce swings the shovel the third time, he's able to break the window, but then gets sucked into the bedroom by this huge vacuum, and ends up lost to 'the other side'. Then, Carol Anne comes out, sits on her bedroom window-ledge and starts trying to convince Aunt Pat to turn around and go away,and suggests that she go with Reverend Kane, while giving Pat Bruce and Donna, but Aunt Pat insists that Carol Anne not go with Kane, that she (Pat), and Carol Anne's parents love her, but Carol Anne still insists that Pat go away, and when she turns to go back inside the room, Carol Anne turns, and her face morphs into Kane's, yelling at Pat to go away, before hopping back into the bedroom. Pat then decides to take off after Carol Anne. When she gets into the room, after jumping from the washing-rig, Pat gets up, and notices that the bedroom-window is now fixed, the huge hole from Bruce smashing it with the shovel, is gone. Pat then calls to Bruce, Donna, Carol Anne, and even Tangina, but no one answers, furniture all overturned and in pieces, all about the bedroom. Pat eventually walks to the other side of the bedroom,and tries to open Carol Anne's bedroom-door, but the door won't budge. Pat then turns and calls for Kane, and starts searching for him, her back to the large mirror covering the wall opposite the bedroom window, until something grabs Pat from behind. She turns, to see that it's just her reflection. Eventually Kane then walks up to Pat, and slaps her across the face, making her fly backward, into the rotted corpse of Donna. Pat then gets up, and then stumbles across the rotted, frozen corpse of Bruce. Pat recoils in horror, until she picks up the shovel, which Bruce's rotted corpse is still holding onto, and swings it at Kane,chopping his head off. Kane's head falls to the bedroom floor and starts rapidly decomposing. Pat watches the whole grotesque process, until she hears Kane laughing, so she turns and sees Kane heading towards her, his head still on his shoulders, but then Tangina appears and tells Kane to stop and let Carol Anne, Bruce and Donna go, and that she could lead Kane into the light instead, sacrificing herself for Pat and her family. Pat tries to discourage Tangina from doing that, using Tangina's squash necklace, but Tangina insists that this is the only way, turns and walks Kane into the light. Moments later, Bruce's silhouette appears and then Pat sees that Bruce has Donna and Carol Anne with him. Bruce and the girls slowly walk towards Pat and Carol Anne's bedroom, until they finally reach the mirror and Pat's reflection turns and embraces Bruce and the girls, causing a flash of light and the whole room to fog up. Once the fog and smoke settle, Bruce, Patricia, Donna, and Carol Anne find themselves all safe and sound in Carol Anne's bedroom, which now looks normal again. Pat looks around Carol Anne's bedroom, sees that Tangina has saved her, Bruce, and the girls, as everything's back to normal, and then they embrace again.
tt0099044
Action,Comedy,Crime
It's five years after the death of Albert Ganz. San Francisco cop Jack Cates is at the Hunter's Point Raceway, checking out Tyrone Burroughs, who, for some reason, is giving some money to mechanic Arthur Brock. When Jack pulls his gun on them, Brock pulls out a gun and starts firing, and Jack shoots Brock dead in self defense as Burroughs escapes with the money. Jack then picks up a picture from the scene -- and it's a picture of Reggie Hammond. Among those who show up at the scene are fellow cops Ben Kehoe and Frank Cruise, and also Blake Wilson, the head of the Internal Affairs division. Jack tells Wilson that he shot Brock in self defense, but Cruise says that he can't find Brock's gun. For the past four years, Jack has been after a drug kingpin called the Ice Man, and Wilson believes that the Ice Man is a figment of Jack's imagination. The shooting of Arthur Brock was the result of one of Jack's attempts to get a lead on who the Ice Man may be. Jack goes to the prison to visit Reggie, who is still in prison. Reggie is scheduled to be released for good on the next day. Reggie has served 5 extra years in prison after being falsely accused of stealing the prison's payroll. After getting hit in the face with a basketball by Reggie for refusing to promise Reggie his $500,000 unless Reggie helps him find the Ice Man, Jack discovers that Wilson plans to prosecute him on a charge of third degree manslaughter for the Arthur Brock shooting, with Wilson claiming that it was not self defense. Jack is placed on suspension. On the next day, as Reggie is being released, Jack tells Reggie about how he has been pursuing the Ice Man for the past four years, and that the Ice Man now wants Reggie dead. That's why Burroughs was giving money to Arthur Brock -- a contract has been put out on Reggie. Reggie still refuses to help Jack, unless Jack gives him his $500,000, which is the same money Albert Ganz was after 5 years ago. Reggie boards the bus that will be transporting him away from prison, and Cates goes to a bar to look over some pictures. Two bikers park across the street from the bar, and one of them walks up to a window and shoots Jack, then the bikers leave. A few minutes later, the bikers pull up beside the prison bus and open fire on Reggie, causing the bus to crash. At the hospital, Jack, who was wearing a bulletproof vest, has Reggie released into his custody. Jack wants to know why the Ice Man wants Reggie dead, but Reggie refuses to talk unless he gets his money. Reggie is supposed to be on his way to Florida to join his uncle's used car business, but instead, he's with Jack. That night, Jack takes Reggie to Jack's house, where Reggie's Porsche is parked out front, and Jack has installed a car alarm on it. When Reggie presses the car alarm button on the key ring, a bomb in the Porsche explodes. Jack's attitude about it causes Reggie to once again walk away from him. At the police station, Jack talks to Wilson, then when he goes out to his car, Reggie is waiting for him. Reggie tells Jack that the Ice Man was the drug dealer that the $500,000 was stolen from by Reggie, Albert Ganz, and their partners Billy Bear, Henry Wong, and Luther. Reggie then tells Jack that he recognized one of the bikers who attacked the prison bus as Richard "Cherry" Ganz, Albert Ganz's enraged brother, who wants revenge on Jack and Reggie for Albert Ganz's death. Jack and Reggie head to a bar called Barnstormer's, where Jack questions a barmaid who was harassed by Cherry and the other biker, Willie Hickok. Cherry and Hickok were with Burroughs at the time. Cherry and Hickok had been hired to kill Reggie, and when Brock was killed, Burroughs was trying to hire Brock as backup just in case Cherry and Willie fail. The barmaid tells Jack that Cherry and Hickok wanted to know where they could find their old girlfriend Angel Lee, who used to work at Barnstormer's, and then she tells Jack that Angel lives at the King Mei hotel in the Chinatown section of San Francisco, and Angel is now a dancer at the Bird Cage Club. Jack ends up in a bar fight with a man that he put in prison two years ago, and when Jack loses the advantage and starts getting beat up, Reggie saves Jack by shooting one of the assailants in the left kneecap. Jack and Reggie go outside, where Jack complains about forgetting to take his spare gun inside the bar with him, and he punches Reggie for the basketball incident, and Reggie once again walks away from Jack. At the King Mei hotel, Jack finds Reggie waiting there, and Reggie says that he's going to stay with Jack this time. But before they do anything, Reggie gets back at Jack by punching Jack in the left arm, right where Jack's bulletproof vest couldn't stop one of Cherry's shots from leaving a deep and painful bruise that goes down to the bone. Jack explains that he punched Reggie outside of the bar in order to get even for the basketball, and Reggie says "Give me my money back, and you can hit me in my face with the ball." While Jack waits downstairs, Reggie goes up to the fourth floor to Angel's room. But Willie, who is inside, fires shots through the door at Reggie, and Cherry shows up and sees Jack. Cherry is stunned, because he thought Jack was dead after he shot Jack. Cherry pulls out his gun and starts firing at Jack. When Cherry and Willie run out of bullets, they flee. Outside the hotel, after cops including Cruise have arrived, Jack and Reggie talk to Angel, who tells them that Cherry and Willie's contact man is Malcolm Price (Ted Markland), one of the higher-ups in the Western Brotherhood biker gang of Los Angeles. On the next day, they go to the prison to visit Reggie's friend Kirkland Smith. Reggie owes Kirkland some money, and Kirkland is losing his patience with Reggie on that. Kirkland tells Jack and Reggie a little bit about Malcolm Price. Kirkland explains that if anyone wants Cherry and Willie to do a hit, they would have to go through Malcolm. Kirkland also tells Jack and Reggie that Malcolm is staying at the Sunset Motel on the beltway. But before Jack and Reggie can get to the motel, the Ice Man shows up and kills Malcolm by shooting Malcolm 16 times. After Jack and Reggie show up at the morgue to see Malcolm, Reggie finally tells Jack why the Ice Man wants Reggie dead -- Reggie has seen the Ice Man's face before, and he can identify the Ice Man. The Ice Man wants Reggie dead so Reggie can't identify him. After hearing what Reggie has to say, Jack thinks Wilson is the ice man. Jack takes Reggie to the court house to get a look at Wilson -- and upon seeing Wilson, Reggie tells Jack that Wilson is not the Ice Man. Meanwhile, Cherry and Hickok kill Burroughs. Later that same day, Jack, who now thinks that he may never clear his name and find the Ice Man, starts emptying his locker at the police station, and finally gives Reggie his money. That night, while Reggie is giving the money that he owes Kirkland to Kirkland's daughter Amy Smith, Cherry and Willie kidnap Reggie and Amy, and take them to the Bird Cage Club, where they meet with Cruise. Cruise orders Cherry and Willie to kill Reggie and Amy, but then Jack shows up. And Reggie identifies the Ice Man as Ben Kehoe. Jack realizes that Kehoe had Cruise pick up Brock's gun at the track because Kehoe wanted Jack out of the way. This leads to a wild shootout that takes place in the Bird Cage club. First, Jack shoots Cruise dead, and then Reggie shoots Hickok dead. In a confrontation with Cherry, Reggie knocks Cherry through a window, causing Cherry to plunge to his death, and then Kehoe grabs Reggie and holds an Uzi to Reggie's head. Reggie sarcastically begs Jack to shoot him, so Jack does as he is told, and fires a shot into Reggie's shoulder. As soon as Reggie slides downward out of the way, Jack fires seven more shots, killing Kehoe. Later, there are no hard feelings between Reggie and Jack, who finally become friends, and Jack has cleared his name.
tt0106627
Drama,Thriller
Unable to find a suitable apartment in Seattle, Washington, journalist Nick Elliot (Cary Elwes) drives to the suburbs, where he sees a sign advertising an available guest house belonging to frequent business travelers Liv and Cliff Forrester (Gwynyth Walsh and Kurkwood Smith). After quickly accepting the property, he begins work renovating, and his presence attracts the attention of the Forresters' 14-year-old daughter, Darian (Alicia Silverstone). On his first day as a writer at Pique magazine, Nick is chastised for showing up late and assigned to work on a dead-end story. One night, Darian visits Nick in the guesthouse and flirtatiously asks questions about his investigation. She returns the next morning while Nick is in the shower to give him a gift and invites him to her parents' party later that week. Nick reluctantly attends the celebration and, feeling out of place among the high-society guests, seeks out Darian. She reveals she sneaked into the guesthouse and rewrote the article that earned praise from Nick's boss. At her insistence, Nick takes Darian to a coastal lighthouse and forgives her for the intrusion. The girl explains she struggles to make friends because she was forced to skip grades in school. She kisses him, but he pulls away and insists they return home. Although Nick becomes distracted by Darian's constant looming presence, he strikes up a friendship with his co-worker, Amy Maddik (Jennifer Rubin). During a barbecue one weekend, Amy becomes concerned about Darian's obvious "crush" on Nick. After receiving a cryptic telephone call from Darian, Nick searches for her inside the main house. In her room, he finds a heart-shaped pillow embroidered with his and Darian's initials, and hides in the closet while she undresses for a shower, unaware that Darian knows he is watching her. On his way out of the house, he runs into Cliff, who asks him to help carry some boxes to the attic. There, Cliff shows off the carnival carousel he has reconstructed as a childhood toy for Darian. One afternoon, Nick attempts to tell Darian they can only be friends, but she reminds him of his previous voyeurism. Later, Nick confronts the Forresters about the suspicion that Darian vandalized his car, but the girl denies responsibility and her parents believe her over Nick. Afterward, Darian's only friend, Cheyenne (Amber Benson), asks to speak with Nick after her horse riding lesson. Suspicious, Darian improperly mounts Cheyenne's saddle, causing her to fall and break her arm. While preparing an important work presentation, Nick realizes his computer files have been erased and discovers a secret room in the garage that contains a candle-lit shrine Darian built for him. Vigorously attempting to rewrite his work, Nick ignores Darian's dozens of telephone calls and has his locks replaced. He makes arrangements to move to a new apartment, but the landlady informs him the new property will not be available until the following week. As his relationship with Amy turns romantic, the woman dismisses Darian for asking questions about their sex life. Later, Darian locks Amy inside her private darkroom and fills the ventilation fans with wasps, sending her to the hospital. At her horse riding competition, Darian gloats to Cheyenne that Amy's accident brought her closer to Nick. Afterward, she barges in on a fundraiser for Pique magazine and causes a disturbance by pretending to be Nick's bitter girlfriend. Nick's luck worsens when he discovers that Darian has sabotaged his new apartment lease by telling the landlady he is a drug dealer. Upon arriving home, he is arrested for sexually assaulting a minor. Darian tells police he beat her, and the interrogating officer informs Nick they have evidence she was raped. Nick theorizes that Darian orchestrated the claim by stealing a used condom from his trash bin, but even the police refuse to believe him over Darian. Before he can be formally charged, Nick posts his bail and returns home and packs to leave. Suddenly, Cheyenne arrives and tells Nick about Rick, a camp counselor Darian poisoned after he rejected her romantic advances. After Cheyenne leaves, Darian sneaks into the main house. Hearing music from across the yard, Nick crosses the property in search of Cheyenne. He ascends to Darian's room, decorated with another shrine and a note reading, "Please forgive me." Darian attacks him with a gardening tool and pushes him over the balcony. Moments before she can kill him, however, Darian's parents arrive home, and the girl flees to the attic. Nick revives and slowly follows, finding Cheyenne tied to the carousel. Darian jumps from the shadows and again attacks Nick, screaming until Cliff reaches them. Darian knocks her father unconscious and Nick punches her in the face, sending her flying across the room. Sometime later, Nick moves into a new apartment with Amy, and Darian writes him apologetic letters from a mental institution, where she has developed a new crush on her sympathetic doctor... implying that the vicious cycle with Darian's obsession to a potential new boyfriend/victim will start all over again.
tt0110099
Comedy,Romance
During the film opening, we see a man, presumably Einstein (Walter Mathau) playing a violin, as another man walks past a poster advertising Boyd's comet. We then see Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan) with her fiance James Moreland (Stephen Fry). She's working on some math referring to the comet. He comments that she's babbling when she tries to tell him a story. The scene cuts back and forth with a group of elderly men arguing about whether time exists. Meg and James are in his convertible when it develops engine trouble. We see Einstein discussing with his friends (the elderly men), whether there are 'accidents' and he says, "I do not believe God plays dice with the universe." Catherine and James pull into a garage, where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) is arguing with his boss, Bob (Tony Shalhoub), about the car they hear coming into the shop, what make and model it is and what the trouble with it is, based on what they can hear. Bob sends out Ed to check because he sees the couple and assumes they're "college people" meaning they come from Princeton College. As soon as Ed sees Catherine, he falls for her. James, obnoxiously asks if someone there can work on a British engine, and Ed says, "May I look under the bonnet?" James, reassured by the use of the word 'bonnet' consents. Ed looks at it, looks at Catherie and pronounces, "You have no spark." There's clearly a double meaning here, referring to her relationship with James. James insists, "But what's wrong with it?" and Ed adds, "My guess is that you have a short stroke and premature ignition." He turns to Meg Ryan and says, "Does it ever feel that way?" She replies, "I'm sure I don't know what you mean" but it's clear that she gets the double entendre. Ed says he'll go check with his boss about fixing it, and goes in to tell his boss that he's in love, that time and space stopped, that he could see himself kissing Catherine in the future. Ed tells Catherine that fixing the car will take days, and she uses his phone to call a cab, giving the cab company and Ed her address for the invoice. In the process, she leaves behind a pocket watch. There's a brief moment where you see a hand move the watch under some magazines, but whose hand? And is it an accident? Or deliberate? The theme of accident versus deliberate intervention occurs repeatedly in the film. Ed goes to return the pocket watch and discovers that the address is the home of Albert Einstein, who is Catherine's uncle. Ed helps Einstein and his friends retrieve a badminton racket and in the process befriends them. It's clear to them that Ed likes Catherine. Einstein sees that his niece is unhappy with her fiance and wonders how to help Ed date her. She will only date a very intelligent man, and Ed is an auto mechanic. Ed says, "That's easy, lend me your brain for a couple of days." Einstein gets an idea. Einstein and his three friends hatch a plot to make Catherine think that Ed has developed cold fusion as a way to power a rocket to reach the stars so she'll desire him. They help Ed appear hyper-intelligent, helping him present a paper on cold fusion at a symposium and then helping him pass an IQ test administered by Catherine's fiance. Catherine, as a mathematician, is trying to figure out "Ed's" theory on cold fusion, but she struggles with it. Ed wants to tell Catherine he's a fake, but he can't quite seem to. Einstein and his buddies interfere with Catherine's relationship with James, and encourage Ed. James is presented as a sadistic, sexually cold man who puts Catherine down subtly. Of course, there's always a happily-ever-after ending, even though it takes President Eisenhower's appearance in the film, a convertible, a motorcycle, waltz music, engineered automotive troubles and a comet, to make it all come about.
tt0106664
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Castle Rock, Maine. 1968. 13-year-old Thad Beaumont is a junior high school student who wants to become a writer and spends many hours in his bedroom writing violent-themed stories. His mother buys him a typewriter to use and soon, Thad starts having violent headaches and hearing strange noises... like hundreds of small birds screeching. One day while waiting for the school bus, he collapses and is taken to the hospital where X-rays show "mass" in his brain that is thought to be a tumor which requires sugery. The exploratory operation reveals that the growth in his brain is actually a fetus complete with an eye, teeth, and fingernails. The doctor summaries that it is Thad's twin embryo which never developed and which Thad's foetus absorbed. The growth is removed, while at the same time, thousands of screeching birds fly around the hospital. 23 years later. A grown-up Thad Beaumont is a fairly successful writer who teaches an intermediate writing class at the local university. He is married to Liz and they have two twin children, a 10-month old boy and girl. One day after class, a strange man named Fred Clawson whom is a reporter from New York City approaches him and addresses Thad as "George Stark". In his office, Fred reveals that he knows that Thad has been using a pseudonym to write violent best-selling thriller novels, and demands blackmail money once a month to keep his mouth shut. After Thad confides in Liz about his predicament, he decides to "come clean" about Thad's dual idenity to the public to get rid of the blackmailer. Thad and Liz bring together a group of reporters and photographers where he publicy reveals his pseudonym as well as shows them the remote lake house where he writes his novels as George Stark. As a gag, Thad and Liz "bury" George Stark in the local cemetery. A few days later, the local gravedigger Holt, calls the police when he discovers a large hole at the gravesite where the fake grave used to be; something has dug itself out. Soon, one by one, all the people who knew about Thad's alias are savagely murdered by an unseen assailant. First when the photographer, Homer Gamache, is attacked by a hitchhiker and beaten to death with his prostetic leg. When Sheriff Alan Pangborn calls upon Thad the next day, he suspects him to be the killer because of a witness who described the killer being simlar looking, and Thad's fingerprints are found at the crime scene. Soon after, Thad's old headaches begin to return. When Thad learns that Fred Clawson has been found dead in his New York apartment and the words "the sparrows are flying again" are painted in the murder victim's blood at the scene of the crime, Thad becomes convinced that George Stark, his so-called "dark half", has somehow become embodied and is taking revenge against all those around Thad for being "killed off." Next, 'George Stark' breaks into the New York apartment of Miriam, Thad's publicist, whom he forces her to call Thad and leave a message on his answering machine before he kills her. Back in Castle Rock, Sheriff Pangborn pays Thad another visit to inform him about the latest murder, but despite strong evidence which included Thad's fingerprints found at the scene, does not arrest him because of Thad's strong alibi. Next, George Stark goes after Mike Donaldson, the alcoholic reporter by ambushing him in the hallway outside his apartment and beats him to death. After each killing, Stark phones Thad to infrom him about each killing. Stark then sneaks into Thad's publisher, Rick Cowley's apartment and slashes him to death as well, killing two building window washers who witness the killing. Stark calls Thad again and threatens to kill every he knows unless he begins writing novels as George Stark again. However, Stark begins to slowly decompose as his embodiemen is fading away. He realizes that he will decompose completely unless Thad begins writing under his name again. Investigating George Stark's origins, Thad goes to see the former doctor who treated his "brain tumor" who confides in him about the undeveloped fetus. Stark arrives and kills the doctor and leaves Thad behind to discover the body... and make it appear that Thad is responsible for the murder. Thad flees from the police where Stark contacts him again and tells him that he has abducted his wife and twin daughter and son and threatens to kill them unless he meets him at the summer lake house and begins writing as George Stark again. Thad confides in a old professor colleague, named Reggie, whom tells him that Stark's embodiment was the result of Thad encouraging his Stark to write and that in order for Thad to defeat Stark without killing himself, he must confront his "dark half". Reggie tells Thad that the appearance of the sparrows are the condutits of the bringers of life and death whom can either help Thad or kill him. Thad drives out to the summer lake house where he finally confronts George Stark face-to-face (whom has now decomposed so badly that he is using bandages and dressing to keep his decomposing face intact). Taking him to his office, Stark forces Thad to start writing a new book so he can become powerful again. Thad tries to stall for time, instead discussing the violent nature of the thriller book. As Thad begins writing, he tells Stark to take over the writing as Thad takes advantage of Stark's weakened state to begin a fistfight with him. While the tied up Liz is outside the office, MILLIONS of sparrows decend upon the house to collect one of the two writers. Just when Stark seems to have the upper hand, Thad reveals that he allowed Stark to take over the writing so the sparrows will collect him instead. The small birds swarm into the house and literally consume Stark who screams in agony as the birds carry his remains away and dissapear into the moonlit night, while Thad and Liz and their twins are saved.
tt0104438
Comedy,Romance,Thriller
In 1985, Jack Singer (Nicholas Cage) swears to his overbearing and possessive mother, Bea (Anne Bancroft), while she is on her deathbed, that he would never get married because Bea is the only woman who will ever love Jack. Over the next seven years, Jack, who works as a New York private detective that handles divorce cases, begins dating Betsy (Sarah Jessica Parker), an elementary school teacher, but is reluctant to commit. By the present day in 1992, Betsy finally tires of Jack's reluctance and threatens to leave him. Fearful of losing her, Jack suggests a spontaneous trip to get married in Las Vegas, Nevada. They check into the Bally's Hotel during a convention of Elvis Presley impersonators. Before the wedding, however, a high-stakes gambler named Tommy Korman (James Caan) sees Betsy from a distance in the hotel lobby and notices a striking resemblance to his beloved late wife Donna. Tommy, an eternal and ruthless romantic, determines to romance Betsy and marry her. Jack is very nervous about getting married and decides to relax by gambling first. Tommy lures him into a high-stakes poker game. Up in Tommy's hotel suite, he arranges a crooked poker game (with Jerry Tarkanian as one of the other players) where Jack borrows $65,000 after being dealt a straight flush (7-8-9-10-Jack of clubs), only to lose to the gambler's higher straight flush (8-9-10-Jack-Queen of hearts); Tommy, however, promises to erase the debt with a proposal: Tommy offers to accept a platonic weekend with Betsy as payment for the debt, and Jack reluctantly agrees. Betsy is furious when Jack tells her about his predicament, but Tommy charms her and she agrees to the arrangement. Tommy Korman meets Betsy for drinks and reveals they will be spending the weekend at his beachfront estate in Kauai, Hawaii. As Betsy packs for the trip, Jack realizes the magnitude of his mistake, and asks her to marry him immediately. However, Betsy does not believe his proposal is sincere, or he would have married her upon their arrival in Vegas. She plans to honor the deal with Tommy, and informs Jack that they will return from Hawaii mid-week. Tommy flies with Betsy to his estate, where she meets his family and is impressed by his thoughtfulness. Upset, Jack returns home to New York to wait. One of Jack's clients, an emotionally erratic man named Sydney Tomashefsky (Robert Costanzo) tells Jack about his crazy suspicions about his wife cheating on him with boxer Mike Tyson. Meanwhile, Tommy continues to court Betsy at his island paradise house, trying to woo her to replace his late wife whom he confides in her about. Jack becomes more agitated when he sees a television news story about a volcano erupting in Hawaii, and spots Betsy and Tommy among the excited onlookers. Jack flies to Hawaii, but his efforts to see Betsy are thwarted by Tommy's men. When Tommy learns that Jack has left New York and is heading to Hawaii to try to get Betsy back, the gambler hires a local taxi driver friend, named Mahi Mahi (Pat Morita) to keep Jack as far away as possible from him and Betsy until he manages to persuade her to marry him. When Jack arrives on Kauai, Mahi Mahi intercepts him and takes Jack on an aimless drive around the island, leading them to an old Hawaiian chief's house who is Chief Orman (Peter Boyle), where Mahi Mahi tries to stall Jack. At the same time, Tommy begins feeding Betsy lies about Jack, first claiming that Jack lied to her about the gambling bet by claiming that Jack only lost $3,000 instead of $65,000 and that Jack has used Betsy as collateral, which makes Betsy feel more hurt and betrayed. He tries to calm her down by proposing marriage. Believing Tommy's lies, Betsy accepts his proposal. He insists they return to Las Vegas and get married immediately. At Chief Orman's house, Jack eventually figures out that Mahi Mahi must be on Tommy's payroll, so he distracts Mahi Mahi for a minute where Jack steals the taxi and drives off looking for Tommy and Betsy. After learning from Tommy's son and wife that Tommy hangs out at the Kauai Club, Jack drives over there that evening, and sees Betsy outside the club. But before Jack can approach her, he is attacked by Tommy and arrested. Jack calls his bookie dentist friend Dr. Molar (John Capodice) in New York who pays for Jack's $5,000 bail. Mahi Mahi meets him outside and admits that Tommy Korman left for Vegas with Betsy and has convinced her to marry him. Mahi races Jack to the airport. As Betsy and Tommy arrive back in Las Vegas, she tries to contact Jack to inform him about her choice, but cannot reach him anywhere. This slowly leads her to have second thoughts about marrying Tommy. Meanwhile, Jack cannot get a connecting flight to Las Vegas and ends up in San Jose, California where another one of Tommy's employees (a ticket agent) tries to stall Jack again from getting a flight to Las Vegas. Jack tries frantically to find a flight to Vegas. Finally, he finds a group about to depart for Vegas, but, much to his surprise, finds out mid-flight that they are the Utah chapter of the "Flying Elvises" - a skydiving team of Elvis impersonators led by the flamboyant Roy Bacon (Burton Gillam). Jack now realizes that he will have to skydive from 3,000 feet in order to get to Betsy. Back in Las Vegas, Tommy tries to rush Betsy to a wedding chapel, but she hesitates and asks to wait a few weeks. Tommy, sensing that he is losing control of the situation, offers her $1 million to marry him right away. She is disgusted by the offer and starts to leave. However, Tommy snaps and threatens that she agreed to the marriage... and no one breaks their word to him. Intimidated (and finally seeing the gangster that Tommy really is), Betsy asks to use the ladies room before leaving for the wedding chapel. As Tommy waits, Betsy follows several showgirls to their dressing area, dons a showgirl's costume, and sneaks out of the hotel. As Tommy and his men search for Betsy, she hides among the crowds lining the street to see the arrival of The Flying Elvises. Although Jack is afraid of dying, his love for Betsy overcomes his fear, and he jumps out of the plane with the other skydivers. Betsy hears Jack's name announced as he lands, and she runs into his arms. He declares his love, and asks her to marry him. From a short distance away, Tommy sees the couple together and realizes he has lost Betsy. Tommy tells his henchmen to let Jack and Betsy go and then heads back inside the hotel to his suite to set up another poker game with some of the guests. (Note: even though Tommy is the villain of this film, one can't help it but feel a tiny bit sorry for him.) The final scene shows Jack and Betsy getting married in a small Las Vegas chapel with the Flying Elvises as guests, Jack still in his white illuminated jumpsuit and Betsy in her stolen showgirl outfit.
tt0267248
Drama,Mystery,Romance
Katie Burke (Katie Holmes) is a young grad student sitting on the stairs of a campus building. Her friend Sam (Zooey Deschanel) drags her to a job fair where they check out the booth of a company they want to work at when they graduate from college. The company recruiter flirts with Katie. Later we see that Katie is also under severe pressure to complete her thesis. At the same time, Detective Wade Handler (Benjamin Bratt), an ex-alcoholic, is given a new case by his lieutenant (Fred Ward). It concerns a missing person named Embry Larkin (Charlie Hunnam), who was a rich orphan. Handler finds out that Embry was Katie's boyfriend when he disappeared two years ago. Handler contacts Katie, who says she's not sure if Embry disappeared, left school, or both. She also seems to be generally irritated by Handler. Katie, Sam and some friends including August (Will McCormack) and Amanda (Gabrielle Union) go to a party one night, so that Katie can relax from constant stress and exhaustion, mostly because of her thesis and wondering if she's going to get her job. All of them get drunk/stoned, and during a cool strobe light effect scene, Katie thinks she sees Embry lurking. A few days later, she goes outside and thinks she sees him again, driving away in a car. Handler tells Katie that he thinks Embry is dead, because he had purchased two first-class airplane tickets to Greece that he never used, not to mention never having taken any money out of an account or used any credit cards in the past two years. One night while Katie is studying hard for her thesis, she falls asleep, completely exhausted. When she wakes up, a number has been inscribed in the desk where she was sitting. It's the Dewey decimal number for a library book. She goes to shelf where the book, Dante's "The Inferno," is. Suddenly, she sees what are presumably Embry's eyes staring at her from the other side of the shelf. She is startled and runs out of the stacks into the tunnels that run between buildings. Meanwhile, Handler talks to Sam, Amanda and about Katie and Embry, asking questions about their relationship. Sam tells him that Embry didn't like Katie's male friends, especially Harrison Hobart (Gabriel Mann). Harrison, who has long had a crush on Katie but doesn't seem to realize the feeling isn't mutual, tells Handler than Embry once put him in the hospital because he poked him with a glass bottle. Later Harrison confesses to Katie that he loves her. She says he's a great guy, but she doesn't feel the same. The next day, Katie is again in the library, hard at work. An odd girl in the library, named Mousy Julie (Melanie Lynskey) bothers her. Julie tells her that Harrison has disappeared. Katie is convinced that Embry is responsible for Harrison's disappearance. Katie has lunch with Harrison's parents who are trying to account for his disappearance. While in the restaurant, Katie sees Embry sits at another table. Katie storms outside and yells at him. He tells her to come to his country house, which was a nesting spot for the two before Embry disappeared. Katie goes there, and falls asleep again. When she wakes up, Embry is playing the piano. She tries to leave, but Embry follows her. Eventually he pins her against the wall, but she knees him in the groin and escapes. She goes over to Handler's apartment. Katie and Handler have sex, and in the middle, she imagines Handler transforming into Embry. She gets this out of her head, and she realizes that for the first time in a while, she's happy, sitting there with Handler. She also completes her thesis. Handler quits the police force. On his last day, a forensic expert tells Handler that a note that Embry has supposedly just written to Katie was written over two years before. Handler gets in his car and buys an alcoholic drink, stressed. He drinks, but quickly spits it out. He can't start his car because there is an alcohol sensor on the ignition. Katie is waiting on some steps for Handler to pick her up. They are going to go off to Handler's cabin in New Hampshire for a little while. Embry suddenly attacks her, telling her that wherever she goes, he'll find her. Handler shows up, and Katie tells him what just happened. Katie and Handler go into an old tunnel that Katie and Embry used to hang out in a lot. Handler has his gun and flashlight. Katie continues to see Embry, but Handler doesn't. Suddenly, we flash back to Katie and Embry, two years before, in that same tunnel they're in now. Embry tells Katie that he's leaving her and that he never wants to see her again. Katie gets upset, talking about the trip to Greece they're supposed to take together. Suddenly, Katie picks up a rock and repeatedly smashes Embry over the head with it, killing him. Katie is revealed to be completely insane because her father did the same thing to her when she was little: He abandoned her. At this point, Handler realizes that Katie is deranged and has been imagining seeing Embry. He catches sight of something in the water, probably Embry's body, and leans over for a closer look. Katie picks up another rock and hits Handler over the head with it, plunging him to the water where he ultimately dies. On graduation day we see the group of friends hanging out together. Harrison has reappeared and explains that he had been climbing a mountain, became dehydrated and disoriented, and was rescued by the state police. He asks Katie about the cop and she said he's probably in New Hampshire. Epilogue. Flashing forward several months later, Katie is at her job that she wanted, when the recruiter she has been dating tells her that he's close to becoming partner, so he can't risk dating her any more. Katie gets that same look on her face... Her murderous self is apparently about to emerge again.
tt0137338
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In the course of one New Year's Eve, an angst filled artist, Kevin (Paul Rudd) , his best friend Lucy (Courtney Love), his emasculating ex Ellie (Janeane Garafolo), a law school bartender (Ben Affleck), two punk rockers (Casey Affleck, Guillermo Díaz), an accident- prone naif (Kate Hudson), two Long Island escapees (Christina Ricci, Jennifer Albano) and other young artists on the make try to find love, happiness and cigarettes in the East Village. They have one night to make it all work out, and still make it to the party on time.
tt0110907
Comedy,Drama
Paris, Fashion Week 1994. All kind of models, designers, reporters, fashion editors... join together to present next year's trends. Kitty Potter (Kim Basinger) is an American reporter from Atlanta, Georgia who is in search of big news. Sergio (Marcello Mastroianni), an Italian expedite living in Moscow, Russia, arrives in Paris and sends an identical Christian Dior neck tie to the president of the French Association of Fashion, Olivier de la Fontaine (Jean-Pierre Cassel) and meets with him in high secrecy. He disregards his wife Isabella de la Fontaine (Sophia Loren), who is mad at him and tries to avoid Kitty in the airport, but she sees him so he has to give the interview. They have a sandwich and then Sergio and Olivier leave the airport. Sergio doesn't realize that he is carrying Joe Flynn's (Tim Robbins) suitcase. Scruffy American journalist Anne Eisenhower (Julia Roberts) has lost Joe Flynn's suitcase. Flynn is not there yet, and she can't understand or speak any French, so she takes Sergio's luggage by mistake. While Sergio and Olivier are together in a limo, the president dies while they are stuck in a traffic jam and Sergio runs away. When the chauffeur realizes that his passenger is dead, he cries for help, and Sergio jumps from a bridge so that a police officer doesn't catch him. Cy Bianco (Forest Whitaker) is an eccentric fashion designer who is always changing his mind about his designs. Milo O'Brannigan (Stephen Rea) is a photo journalist from Ireland covering Fashion Week. He is established as is a lazy, I-can't-be-bothered rock-'n'-roller who takes a photo of all the designers together, including Sonya Rykel (herself), and Jean-Paul Gualtier (himself). Meanwhile, Isabella goes to the Richard Lacroix fashion show as if nothing had happened. After the show, where Christy Turlington (herself), Tatjana Patitz (herself), Naomi Campbell (herself), Helena Christensen (herself) and other models strut their stuff, Kitty will interview Gianfranco Ferré (himself), at the time head designer for haute couture house Christian Dior (himself). At the hotel, Anne tries to contact people in the world of fashion without much success. As she and Joe share a luxurious hotel room, and she can't stand drinking, they end up making love. The next morning, she gets angry because he jumped to the occasion, leaving it as a one-night stand when she mentions it. Watching the televised Issey Miyake show, Sergio sees Joe wearing his jacket. Kitty interviews Miyake (himself) as well. Investigating Olivier's death, Paris Metro Police Inspector Tantpis (Jean Rochefort) and Inspector Forget (Michel Blanc) say that it's going to be easy to find who killed Olivier, as everybody hated him. Meanwhile, Sergio moves from one fashion show to the other. He is always among the crowd, always in search of Isabella. When he finally approaches her, Isabella faints, with Kitty crying, "She's not dead! She's not dead!" again and again. Fiona Ulrich (Lili Taylor) is an American photojournalist who interviews various designers. Regina Krumm (Linda Hunt) is the editor-in-chief of Elle magazine who wants to sign Milo. He asks her to go to her knees and beg. When she complies, he photographs her, so she dismisses him while calling him names. He laughs all the way. Later, as a freelance photographer, Milo makes an editorial advertisement for LO footwear, with Linda Evangelista (herself), Carla Bruni (herself), Kristen Fick (herself), Adriana Karembeu (herself), and Greta Cavazzoni (herself). Milo will do the same trick, this time photographing American reporter Sissy Wanamaker (Sally Kellerman) who offered him sex and also wants him to sign for an important position. Nina Scant (Tracey Ullman) is a reporter from the British Vogue who falls victim to Milo in the same way as she is promised sex in exchange for a cover story. Sergio, aka Sergei, finally finds Isabella at a dinner party where Kitty is interviewing Cher (herself). It is revealed here that Sergei and Isabella were lovers when they were younger back in Italy, but as they belonged to a Communist party, he left after their wedding night. He is saying that he still loves her, when they are interrupted by somebody offering her sympathies as a recently widow. They will meet the following day at 16:00 hours at Le Pensevr's statue. Although he is married, Cy has a gay lover, named Clint Lammeraux (Lyle Lovett), and they share a joint outside at night. At the hotel, Sergio gets Joe Flynn's copy key, posing as Flynn. Cy does his fashion show on an underground Paris Metro train. Two models fight. Pilar (Rossy de Palma) works for famous French designer Simone Lowenthal (Anouk Aimée), who has problems with Jack Lowenthal (Rupert Everett) because they and the company are bankrupt. Slim Chrysler (Lauren Bacall) is another American designer who is on the payroll of Clint Lammeraux (Lyle Lovett), a Texan investor who worries about his own future. Cy and his lover meet their partners, who are also cheating on one another. While they are about to fight, Kitty appears and interviews them. Major Hamilton (Danny Aiello) and his wife Louise (Teri Garr) are an American couple on vacation in Paris who decide to attend the fashion shows, while Louise takes her free time to shop in the various expensive shops. She purchases a large quantity of lingerie, for both herself... and her husband who is later revealed to be a cross-dresser. When Nina, Sissy, and Regina all learn from each other that they were victims of Milo's scam, they turns the tables on their tormentor by stealing his camera and offer to negotiate the return of his incriminating camera in exchange for him telling him his story. Isabella and Sergio go to bed, but after her striptease, he falls sleep, so she leaves in frustration. Simone makes the last preparations for her fashion show, wherein the models, including Yvette Horner (herself) wear cowboy boots... and nothing else. Simone for LO presents a catwalk of nude models to the music of The Cranberries' Pretty. First confused and then fed up, Kitty leaves, giving her microphone to her long-suffering French assistant Sophie Choiset (Chiara Mastroianni), who gladly takes the position in front of the camera. The inspectors say that Olivier died because of the ham sandwich he ate, which got stuck in his esophagus, so he choked to death. Anne and Joe say goodbye as they both prepare to return to the USA, both better dressed this time and they agree to keep their several night stand a secret between the two of them. Over the end credits, Olivier's funeral is held. We see some naked children playing, following the new fashion of Simone, the trend of appreciating the human body and showing it without ornaments. Sergio has fallen asleep again, so he's not in time to talk to Isabella, who dresses in black. The film ends with images of several catwalks.
tt0144814
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
An insane young woman named Barbara Lang (J. Smith-Cameron) paints her house red to protect her young telekinetic daughter Rachel from demons. A group of policemen and doctors arrive at the house where Barbara is institutionalized and Rachel is taken away. Years later, 18-year old Rachel Lang (Emily Bergl), living with foster parents, catches a bus to school and talks with her best (and only) friend Lisa (Mena Suvari), whom they view their matching red rose thorn tattoos on their left arms, and Lisa tells Rachel that the night before, she had lost her virginity to Eric (Zachary Ty Bryan), a football player. Lisa gives Rachel a roll of film for her to develop. The football players talk about Lisa; they have a game where they sleep with girls and receive points. The football team captain, Mark (Dylan Bruno), records their scores in a notebook. That same day after Eric rejects her, Lisa commits suicide, jumping from the school's roof. The event triggers Rachel's repressed telekinetic ability, causing the lockers in the school to fling open. School counselor Sue Snell (Amy Irving) talks with Rachel about Lisa. Sue reveals that she spent time at the institution holding Rachel's mother. The discussion upsets Rachel and one of Sue's coffee mugs crashes to the floor. Sue visits Rachel's mother whom still resides in the mental hospital, learning that Rachel and the late Carrie White shared the same father... Ralph White. Meanwhile, Eric talks with Mark, afraid he will be blamed for Lisa's suicide. He reveals they slept together and Mark assures him the information will stay private. Eric tells Mark that Lisa took a picture of them. Mark tells Eric that he will deal with it. While working at her after-school job at a small photo shop, Rachel discovers she has developed photos of Lisa and Eric just before Mark and Jesse (Jason London), another football teammate, arrive. Mark tries bribing Rachel for the photographs, then offers to take her out; she rejects him. The next day, Rachel tells Sue and Sheriff Kelton (Clint Jordan) about Lisa and Eric sleeping together, giving Kelton the photographs. Kelton looks into charging Eric with statutory rape since Lisa was underage. That evening, Walter, Rachel's Basset Hound dog, is accidently struck by a car when he runs onto a street. Rachel cries for help from passing cars, then stands in the road, stopping a truck with her powers. Jesse is on his way home after having sex with his girlfriend Tracy Campbell (Charlotte Ayanna) when Rachel stops him. Jesse takes her and the dog to an animal clinic. Rachel's tense mood causes her telekinetic powers to manifest as a small tremor develops in the waiting room which makes Jesse both confused and concerned at what is going on. But Rachel quickly calms down and the tremor subsides when a veterinarian appears and tells her that Walter will be fine. Jesse takes Rachel out for coffee at a local diner where they have a nice talk. Learning that Rachel gave the photograph to Sheriff Kelton, Mark, Eric and other football players go to her house late at night, turning off the power and breaking a window. Mark harasses her on the phone. Eric starts entering the trailer through a window. Rachel's telekinesis closes the window on Eric's hand, injuring him. The boys leave when her foster parents arrive. A few days later at school, Sue meets with Rachel in her office. When Sue asks about moving objects with her mind, Rachel denies having telekinetic powers and begins leaving. Sue tries stopping her; Rachel screams at Sue to leave her alone and a snowglobe on Sue's desk shatters. Sue brings Rachel to the school that Carrie destroyed 20 years earlier and tells Rachel about Carrie White. Sue also tells her that she has telekinesis and there are places that study it. Sue tells Rachel that her father was Carrie's father whom may have had telekinetic powers, which Rachel continues to refuse to believe. Jesse pursues Rachel, angering Tracy. The night the football players attacked, Jesse and Rachel had a date. Jesse convinces Rachel he was unaware of the attack and Rachel agrees to go out with him. Jesse confronts Mark about the attack and the two fight. Mark and his girlfriend, Monica (Rachel Blanchard), plot to humiliate Rachel for what she did to Eric, although the statutory rape charges are dropped after Eric's wealthy and powerful father (Gordon Clapp) threatens the school board and the police force with a halt in monthly "charitable donations" (bribes). Mark apologizes to Jesse and offers his parents' cabin so Jesse can spend the night with Rachel. The two share a romantic evening and Rachel loses her virginity. While she sleeps, Jesse whispers that he loves her. Unknown to both of them, someone videotapes the entire thing. When Rachel arrives home at dawn, she is slapped and yelled at by her foster parents for being out all night in which she is grounded for a week. A few days later, Sue goes back to the mental hospital to meet Barbara again. She persuades Barbara about Rachel's ability and tries to persuade her to confront Rachel. Despite being grounded, a happy and confident Rachel sneaks out and goes to a school championship football game to watch Jesse play. (Note: all of the football players, Mark and Eric included, shave their heads, exempt for Jesse). After Jesse wins the game for the school, Mark and Monica tell Rachel that Jesse is talking to a college scout and she should go to a victory party at Mark's house with them. But Jesse is actually sidetracked by Tracy, who attempts to seduce him at his house in order to keep him away from Mark's party. That evening, Rachel is casually mingling with Jesse's friends at the party when the football players reveal their sex game and claim that Rachel was added to Jesse's list. Mark plays the videotape showing Jesse and Rachel having sex before everyone at the party, making Rachel believe Jesse never cared for her. In an extreme rage, Rachel's ability is triggered leading to a climatic bloodbath. She transforms into a black-eyed, demonic-like person in which her red rose tattoo literally "grows" the image of thorns all around her arms and legs and she uses her powers to closes the doors of the house and kills most of the partiers with shattering glass from windows as well as using her powers to project flying CD disks that impail several more party-goers. Rachel uses her powers to move objects around that knock over several liquor bottles and a fire begins as Rachel uses her powers to move the burning logs out of the fireplace and soon the whole house is on fire. Pandomonium breaks out as several people attempt to escape from the inferno but they are killed or burned to death. Just then, Sue has taken Rachel's mother from the hospital and drives to Mark's house. Sue reaches the door just as Rachel throws a fire poker at a boy's head, killing both the boy and Sue on the other side of the front door. In Mark's father's study, Eric, Mark and Monica arm themselves with harpoon guns and Mark takes a flare gun before confronting Rachel. The murderous Rachel follows the trio into the back yard beside the swimming pool and she uses her power to shatter Monica's eye glasses, blinding her. Monica accidentally shoots Eric in the gut with her spear gun before they both collapse to the ground and die from their injuries. Rachel disarms Mark with her powers just when she hears her mother calling for her. While she is distracted for a second, Mark shoots Rachel in the stomach with the flare gun. Rachel falls into the pool and she uses her powers to extend the pool cover. Rachel jumps out of the water and pulls Mark into the pool, and after it is covered, she uses his spear gun to free herself by cutting a small hole in the cover while he drowns. Rachel's mother believes she is possessed and runs from the house. Seriously wounded by her injury, Rachel prays for help. Jesse and Tracy arrive and find the house in flames and all their friends dead. When Rachel walks in and sees Tracy, she kills her by collapsing the ceiling above her. Jesse urges Rachel to leave for the house is on fire. The tape of them is still playing. When he sees it, Jesse tells her he did not know they were being taped. Rachel calls him a liar and uses her powers to hit him with Mark's notebook, which opens to the score page. Jesse says he loves her, but she does not believe him until she hears him say it on the tape, realizing he told the truth. When the burning ceiling collapses over Jesse's head, Rachel pushes him out of the way and she is pinned under a flaming board. As Jesse tries to lift the heavy plank off Rachel, she tells him she loves him and they share a kiss before his right arm lights on fire from the burning plank. Jesse tries kissing Rachel again, but she uses her powers to push him out of the house and into the covered swimming pool in the back yard, thus saving his life before allowing herself to succumb to injuries. One year later. Jesse is at King's University, sharing his room with Rachel's dog Walter, and he still has a severe burn scar on his right arm. He has a dream that Rachel enters his room, wearing the same clothes and looking as she did the night when they made love. They kiss before she shatters into ash. The shaken Jesse awakes and looks at himself in the mirror as well as a photo of Rachel that he keeps beside the mirror.
tt0114608
Action,Fantasy,Horror
The Crypt keeper, while directing his new theatrical destruction, introduces this horror flick. It starts with Brayker (William Sadler) a Demon Knight, driving down a highway near a small town. He is being chased by a demon named the collector, (Billy Zane) who is after an ancient relic that Brayker has. It contains the blood of Jesus, and deceased demon knights. That blood is the only thing that can stop a demon that powerful. Shortly after Brayker's car breakdown, Zane slams into it going over 100 m.p.h. Brayker escapes and makes to a small hotel to hide out. The police show up and get a false story from The Collector who lies to them about Brayker and says that he stole the relic. Soon, The police bring The Collector to the motel to confront Brayker. After being arrested, Brayker got free and the sheriff finds out that collector is no saint. Then, the fierce war begins. Brayker uses the relic to drive the collector from the motel, and the collector summons an army of demons to help him kill Brayker and destroy the blood that can defeat him. Brayker has to get the the 8 humans trapped inside through the night and orient his replacement. One by one the humans are possessed or conned and then killed by The Collector. The demons and the humans battle back and forth until the Collector's army is completely wiped out and Brayker and his new recruit, Jeryline (Jada Pinkett Smith) prepare for a final battle with the Collector for the survival of the human race. After the battle Brayker is dead and Jeryline kills The Collector. The movie ends when the new demon knight and a new Collector cross paths.
tt0119942
Comedy,Drama
Henry Burton (Adrian Lester) is a young African-American political idealist and grandson of a civil rights leader who is recruited to join the campaign of Jack Stanton (John Travolta), a charismatic governor of an unnamed US state in the Deep South who is trying to win the Democratic Party nomination for President of the United States. In the opening scenes, Henry is impressed by Stanton's genuine warmth and empathy with people when he accompanies Stanton on a humane tour of a school for adult education for illiterate adults. Henry soon joins Stanton's inner circle of political advisers whom include: Stanton's formidable Midwestern-born wife, Susan Stanton (Emma Thompson); the ruthless, redneck political strategist Richard Jemmons (Billy Bob Thornton); intelligent and attractive spokeswoman Daisy Green (Maura Tierney), whom Henry hooks up with at one point in the film; and the sly political operator Howard Ferguson (Paul Guilfoyle) as they journey to New Hampshire, the first state to hold a presidential primary. After Stanton completes an impressive debate performance against his Democratic rivals, Henry's ex-girlfriend shows up to question Stanton about a past arrest as a teenage for an anti-war protest during the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago. In addition it's revealed that Stanton called a U.S. senator to help him get released then Stanton persuaded the mayor of Chicago to have his police record expunged. The team becomes worried that Stanton's past indiscretions may be used against him by the press and his political opponents. Henry is further unnerved by Stanton's womanizing when he witnesses the after-effects of Stanton seducing a timid school librarian named Miss Walsh (Allison Janney) during the opening scenes. Henry and his team hire Jack and Susan's old friend, the tough but unbalanced Libby Holden (Kathy Bates), to investigate allegations that could be used by Stanton's political opponents to undermine his candidacy such as Stanton's notorious womanizing. One of Stanton's mistresses and Susan's hairdresser, Cashmere McLeod (Gia Carides), comes forward claiming to have had an on-off affair with Jack Stanton for 12-years and produces secret audio taped conversations between them to prove they had an affair. Henry discovers that the tapes have been doctored, so Libby tracks down the man responsible for the tapes and forces him at gunpoint to confess his guilt in a signed letter to the American public. A little later, campaign is then rocked by another fresh allegation when Stanton's old friend, "Big Willie" McCollister (Tommy Hollis) approaches Henry to tell him that his 17-year-old daughter Loretta (who worked for the Stantons as a babysitter) is pregnant and that Stanton is the father. Henry and Howard tell Willie he must allow his daughter to undergo an amniocentesis to determine paternity. Although they convince Willie to remain silent on the issue, Henry is nonetheless sickened and disillusioned with the experience and about Jack Stanton in general Realizing the campaign is falling behind in the polls, Stanton's team adopt a new strategy. Stanton begins going on the offensive by attacking his nearest rival, Senator Lawrence Harris (Kevin Cooney) for casting anti-Israel votes and favoring cuts in Social Security and Medicare. Harris confronts Stanton during a radio talk show in Florida but suffers a heart attack during the encounter, and another one in the hospital as well. Due to this medical setback, Harris subsequently withdraws from the race, and is replaced by his friend, former Florida governor Fred Picker (Larry Hagman). Picker's wholesome, straight-talking image proves an immediate threat to the Stanton campaign. Jack and Susan send Henry and Libby on an opposition research mission on Picker's past. They discover from his ex-brother-in-law, Eduardo Reyes (Tony Shalhoub), that Picker had a cocaine addiction as governor, which led to the disintegration of his first marriage. They also meet with Picker's cocaine supplier Lorenzo Delgado (John Vargas), with whom Picker had a homosexual affair. Not expecting the information to ever be used, Libby and Henry share their findings with Jack and Susan, but are dismayed when they both decide to leak the information to the press. Libby says that if Jack does so, she will reveal that he tampered with the results of the paternity test, proving that he slept with Willie's daughter. After a talk with Henry, Libby gives him the incriminating files about Picker's past, and later commits suicide the next day by shooting herself in her parked car after she realizes she spent her life idealizing Jack and Susan only to learn how flawed they truly are. Racked with guilt over Libby's death, Stanton takes the incriminating information to Picker, and apologizes for seeking it out. Picker admits to his past indiscretions, and agrees to withdraw from the race and to endorse Stanton. Afterwords, Henry intends to quit the campaign, admitting he has become deeply disillusioned with the whole political process. Stanton begs Henry to reconsider, persuading him that the two of them can make history and they might have a chance at winning. In the final scene, set a few months later, President Jack Stanton is dancing at the Inaugural Ball with First Lady, Susan at the White House. He shakes the hands of all his campaign staff, the last of whom is Henry.
tt0204626
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Retired FBI Special Agent Joel Campbell (James Spader) lives in Chicago, where he is struggling to come to terms with his failure to capture a serial killer back when he was working in Los Angeles. Campbell attends therapy sessions with Dr. Polly Beilman (Marisa Tomei), but otherwise has no other friends or social life. Campbell learns that a girl who lived in his apartment building has been killed. He does not pay it much attention until he opens his mail and finds that a picture of the girl had been sent to his apartment three days before the murder. He brings this information to the attention of the detective on the case, Det. Mackie (Chris Ellis), and comes to the conclusion that the same serial killer has arrived in Chicago. FBI Special Agent in Charge Ibby (Ernie Hudson) tries to persuade Campbell to return to the case, but he refuses. One night Campbell receives a phone call from David Griffin (Keanu Reeves), the serial killer, who reveals that he followed Campbell to Chicago and wants to rebuild the "rapport" they once had. Griffin tells Campbell that he will send a photo of a girl in the morning, and Campbell has until 9.00 at night to find her. Campbell tells Ibby that he wants back in on the case, and his request is granted. Campbell works together with Mackie and the rest of the team in getting the word out on finding the girl before the deadline. However, by the time Campbell gets her house number and calls, Griffin is already there, and has strangled her to death. Griffin suggests they continue with a different girl. The next day similar events follow as Campbell and his team try to find the next girl before the 9:00 pm deadline. They corner and almost catch Griffin, but he manages not only to kill the second girl but also escape. Campbell is injured during the car chase. The next day, another photo arrives, but it turns out to be the image of Lisa Anton (Yvonne Niami), Campbell's former lover who was killed indirectly because of Griffin back in Los Angeles. Campbell goes to Lisa's grave, where Griffin is waiting for him. Griffin explains that he has Beilman hostage somewhere, and only wants to talk with him. Campbell negotiates for Beilman's safety, and Griffin eventually agrees to bring Campbell to see her. During the drive, Griffin explains that he cares a great deal for Campbell, and considers him a "good friend". Campbell secretly uses his cell phone to call Mackie, cluing him in on the situation. Griffin and Campbell arrive at an abandoned warehouse, where inside Beilman has been tied up and gagged and surrounded by flammable materials and candles. The two men face off as the police arrive outside. The struggle culminates with the place catching fire. Campbell unties Beilman and gets them both to safety before the place explodes, killing Griffin.
tt0116421
Action,Comedy,Crime
Jack Cole (Steven Seagal) was once a government intelligence operative known as "The Glimmer Man," because he could move so quickly and quietly through the jungle that his victims would only see a glimmer before they died. Having left the Glimmer Man job behind him, Colesteeped in buddhism and not used to working with othershas become a detective with the Los Angeles Police Department. Cole is partnered with Jim Campbell (Keenen Ivory Wayans), a tough, no-nonsense cop who has little patience for Cole's New Age philosophies and outsider attitude. Cole and Campbell have to set aside their differences when they're assigned to track down a serial killer called "The Family Man," for his habit of killing entire households. The Family Man's latest victims turn out to be Cole's former wife Ellen and her current husband Andrew Dunleavyand Cole's fingerprints are found on Ellen's body. Cole and Campbell think that Cole's former bosses in the government may somehow be involved in the killings. Cole contacts his friend Smith (Brian Cox), unaware that he has been working with local crime boss Frank Deverell (Bob Gunton). Cole and Campbell receive a tip that leads them to Christopher Maynard (Stephen Tobolowsky), who admits that he committed the Family Man murders that happened before Cole arrived in Los Angeles. Someone else has been committing the more recent murders and making it look like Maynard's work. Cole fatally shoots Maynard in self defense. Cole, hoping to get a lead on the new killer, goes to the home of Deverell's Russian translator Celia Roslov (Susan Reno), who was a victim of the killer. The killer attacks Cole, and later sets Campbell's home on fire. Cole and Campbell discover that Deverell's stepson Johnny (Johnny Strong) knows some important information. Johnny tells Cole and Campbell that Deverell's right-hand man, Donald Cunningham (John M. Jackson), is the new killer who has been making his killings look like Maynard's work. Johnny also tells them that Smith has been working with Deverell. Cole and Campbell confront Smith, and torture him into revealing that Deverell is smuggling chemical weapons into the USA from Russia, with plans to sell the weapons to a group of Serbian terrorists. Smith made the contacts, with the deal being cut by a group of Russian terrorists known as the Russian Liberation Fighters. The meeting for the deal is scheduled to take place at a downtown welfare hotel. Cole and Campbell storm the hotel, where Cunningham fatally shoots Deverell, and Cole kills Cunningham by throwing him through a window and onto a wrought iron fence below. Campbell, having been shot, tells Cole that, ever since he met him, he's been nothing but trouble. Cole says he'll keep that in mind, as Campbell is taken away in an ambulance.
tt0319524
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Halley Marie Martin (Mandy Moore) is a seventeen-year-old high school student who is disillusioned with love after seeing many dysfunctional relationships around her. Her parents are now divorced and her father, Len Martin (Peter Gallagher), a radio talk show host, has a new young girlfriend that the entire family despises; mainly because she's the reason for the divorce. Her mother, Lydia (Allison Janney), is now always alone while her sister, Ashley, is so overwhelmed by her upcoming wedding that she barely exists in the house anymore. On top of that, the shallowness of all the girls and guys at her school convinces Halley that finding true love is impossible. When tragedy strikes, the life of her best friend changes forever - and suddenly Halley is drawn closer to a classmate named Macon. When Halley walks in on her best friend Scarlett having sex with her boyfriend, the high school soccer champ, Michael Sherwood, Halley tries to warn her of the complications that lie ahead. Ignoring her advice, Scarlett embarks on a summer fling with Michael. In the meantime, Halley must deal with Ashley and the rest of the Martins must deal with her soon-to-be in-laws; Louis Worscher's overbearing Southern parents, who still have a maid, who just happens to be African-American. In the meantime, Halley runs into classmate, Macon Forrester, a slacker who never shows up for biology and is more interested in having fun than school work. He is Michael Sherwood's best friend. A few weeks later, Michael dies of a heart defect on the soccer field while Halley, Scarlett and other classmates watch helplessly. While Scarlett does her best to look beautiful for Michael at his funeral, Macon gives a moving speech about his friend. Struggling with Michael's death, Scarlett, at age sixteen, soon learns that she is pregnant with his child. The two girls hatch an escape plan that is ultimately foiled when Scarlett's mother (also Lydia's best friend) catches Halley trying to pull the car into the garage. With Halley at her side, Scarlett reveals the pregnancy to her mother. Meanwhile, things go awry when Halley finds Ashley drunk on the family's front porch. Finding a male stripper's thong around her neck, Halley, who is recovering from a broken arm she got after a car accident with Macon on New Year's Eve, witnesses the break-up of her sister's engagement. She also learns that her mother sneaks out once a week to have sex with a man she met a couple of weeks previous, Steve. After another make-up, Lewis proposes to Ashley again, this time at a crowded airport; she says yes. Halley's father, Len Martin marries his mistress, Lorna, in a beach-side ceremony, with guests from all over the world...or "within his radio frequency" as Halley puts it. In the end, Ashley and Lewis are married, as Lewis puts his foot down on the boundaries between his marriage to Ashley and his parents. Scarlett gives birth to a baby boy that she names Michael, and Halley and Macon agree to pursue their relationship again.
tt0246464
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
In a high-school game of Killer (in which a student must shoot another with a squirt gun) Matt Arnold has to "shoot" classmate Jenny Herk, and decides to sneak up on her at home. By coincidence hitmen are also there to kill Arthur Herk, who has secretly embezzled money from his company. When the fake assassination attempt crosses paths with the real one, police officers Monica and Walter are called out to the resulting disturbance. Eliot Arnold, Matt's father, who was contacted by Matt's friend, Andrew, immediately feels a mutual attraction to Anne Herk (Jenny's mother), as Matt and Jenny begin to feel attracted to each other as well. The Herks' Mexican housemaid Nina, meanwhile, falls in love with a young man named Puggy, who lives in a tree on their property, after she runs from the shootings and he saves her from the hitmen. Realizing that he is the intended victim, Arthur visits arms dealers, for a weapon, but ends up with suitcase nuclear bomb. Escaped convicts Snake and Eddie, who were previously kicked out of a bar called the Jolly Jackal for disorderly conduct, hold up the bar and kidnap Arthur and Puggy (who is an employee there) for the suitcase, not knowing its contents. Meanwhile, Matt tries to "kill" Jenny in a mall parking lot, but a security guard thinks that Matt's gun is real. After the guard opens fire on them, Matt and Jenny run to the Herk house, followed by Monica and Walter, who stumble across the confusion. Eliot is called over as well. The convicts force Arthur to return to his home, where they capture everyone and tie them up. Taking Puggy and kidnapping Jenny, they leave (with the suitcase) for the Airport. Nina, who was hiding in her room, frees everyone except for Monica and Arthur (who were handcuffed to a heavy brass etagere). Shortly after, the house is visited by two FBI agents who are tracking the bomb. They free Monica and have her lead them to the airport (leaving Arthur, as he was poisoned by a hallucinogenic toad, causing him to think that his dog is possessed by Martha Stewart). The criminals reach the plane still holding Jenny hostage. Puggy manages to escape, but the bomb is enabled when going through security; as a condition of them being let through. They made security believe it was a garbage disposal. The FBI agents tell everyone that unless the bomb is retrieved soon, the plane must be shot down. They find Puggy who leads the group to the criminals' plane, which Eliot sneaks onto. Meanwhile, the two hitmen get out of the traffic jam (caused by Snake and Eddie) and reach the airport. They bump into Officer Romero, and Special Agents Greer and Seitz, knocking the hitmen's Remington Sniper Rifle out of their golf bag in the process. The FBI agents, having more serious problems, leave this to Romero since it's her "jurisdiction." Romero grabs the rifle, and removes its bolt, rendering it useless. She then tosses the rifle down, saying: "gentlemen" and leaves. Henry Desalvo remarks to Leonard that Miami sucks...but the cops are kinda nice. Eliot, having sneaked onto the plane, attacks the criminals by knocking Eddie out with a fire extinguisher and blasting the extinguisher at Snake. After being told the suitcase must be gotten off the plane, Eliot hurls it out of the now open plane door, only for Snake to leap after it. In a memorable feat of dumb luck, Snake manages to cling onto some steps still coupled to the plane. Despite Eliot's persistence in trying to convince Snake to release the suitcase, Snake shoots at him, and is then told by the pilot that the suitcase is a bomb, prompting Eliot to pull an emergency lever, decoupling said stairs. Snake (in a nod to the stubborn as a mule tale) plunges into the ocean with a defiant smile, still clinging to the bomb, which explodes safely in the water. Eliot is congratulated by the FBI, promised he will receive presidential cowboy boots and a hat, and told the events that took place will never be acknowledged. The last scene reveals what happens to the main characters: After chasing down a plane, subduing two criminals, and saving Miami from a nuclear disaster, Eliot finally won Matt's respect. Anne and Eliot get married, a week after Anne gets divorced from Arthur. Walter, after a forced strip search by idiotic ariport guards, becomes a male stripper. The two hitmen manage to get on a plane out of Miami after a series of very weird events. They claim their Miami job was the lowest point in their careers. However, they're surrounded by the fans of Florida Gators on their plane home; which was a constant joke in the film and unfortunately are delayed on the tarmac due to an obstruction on the runway which happened to be the goats that got released during the traffic jam caused previously by Snake and Eddie. Eddie goes back to jail in a prison outside of Jacksonville, but becomes friends with another dimwitted inmate who shares the same affinity for...crude jokes as Eddie does. Arthur is last seen still handcuffed and tormented by his dog.
tt0190524
Action,Drama,Fantasy
In an instant, millions of Christians around the world disappear in the biblical Rapture. As the events of the book of Revelation begin to unfold, a small group of recent converts must struggle to survive the oppression of the Antichrist.
tt0361925
Comedy,Romance
Former President Monroe "Eagle" Cole (Gene Hackman) must move to his vacation home in Mooseport, Maine, because his wife is getting the mansion in the divorce. After being the most beloved President with an 85% approval rating, Cole plans to write his memoirs, speak for large sums of money at corporate conferences, play golf, and build a very large Presidential library. The mayor of Mooseport has recently died, with no one applying for the position, so the town fathers ask Cole to run for mayor. To help in his divorce case, Cole accepts the offer. Later, Cole finds out that he is running against Harold `Handy' Harrison (Ray Romano), the owner of the local hardware store, and his plumber. Harrison only put his name in the race because no one wanted the job. Cole asks Harrison to withdraw, and at first he agrees. Cole unknowingly asks Harrison's girlfriend for a date and the race is on. Cole has never lost an election, but he finds himself running against a locally popular and honest man. Cole brings in his campaign manager and spends millions in advertising to make sure he wins. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0217756
Comedy,Sport
Sewage workers Gordie Boggs (David Arquette) and Sean Dawkins (Scott Caan) are huge wrestling fans. They seem to know a lot about it except the biggest piece of it; wrestling is scripted. Their favorite wrestler is WCW World Heavyweight Champion Jimmy King (Oliver Platt) who personifies a modern king. Unbeknownst to them, King is actually a low life wrestler who burned out his fortune and didn't show a lot of respect for his boss, his family, or his co-workers. WCW promoter Titus Sinclair (Joe Pantoliano), fed-up with King's attitude and antics, establish a plan to screw King out of his title and destroy him. To do so, he hires WCW wrestler Diamond Dallas Page (Himself) and his crew of wrestlers. He books a match between King and DDP and keeps everyone thinking that King is gonna win. So Sean and Gordie go to the WCW monday nitro show as fans, believing they're about to witness another King victory. What ensues is their favorite wrestler getting beat up for real in the ring, loosing his championship belt and getting publicly fired from WCW for life. After the match, the two wrestling fans express their rage in their septic truck, resulting in a car crash. After this event, Gordie believes that the car crash was fate and that they should make Jimmy King once again World Champion. Sean agrees to help Gordie, and the dimwitted duo go on a quest to put their King back on his throne. The next day, they meet Isaac (Chris Owen), a nerdy wrestling fan who's father seems to think everything Issac does is for pussies. They asks their new friend to use his internet knowledge to find out where the washed-up wrestler lives. Isaac succeeds to find King's address, and the boys go to an unexpected-looking neighborhood. They find King's estranged wife Eugenia (Caroline Rhea) and his uneducated son Frankie (Tait Smith) who both happens to be far from the queen and prince type. Eugenia reveals that King left them a while ago to run with another girl and never returned or sent anything for child support. They later meet his parents (Kathleen Freeman and Lewis Arquette), who reveals that their son borrowed their mobile home, and never returned it. The duo finally find King, with the help of Isaac, hidding in a trailer park, drunk and dressed like a woman. After paying King 30$ for a 5 minutes encounter, they have a conversation in which King says that he gave up on wrestling. Gordie and Sean, with their stupidity, anger King to the point where he suddenly attacks the two boys. The boys encourage King to beat them up, convincing him that he can still fight and that he should fight DDP again. King accepts the offer and knocks out the boys with his finishing move to thank them. The two boys wake up the next day to find Jimmy King ready to take a shot at wrestling again. While on a road trip to the WCW arena, Gordie sends letters to his angry father, an overzealous cop who wanted Gordie to follow in his footsteps to be a policeman and who hates wrestling because he deem it unmanly and fake. Gordie tells his father that he will not join him in a policeman test, making him frustrated to the point where he shoots the letter with his gun. They arrive at the WCW arena where they hide King in a port-a-potty and meet one of the Nitro Girls, Sasha (Rose McGowan). When DDP mocks Jimmy King on camera, King comes out of the port-a-potty and beats him up. King ask for a rematch which Sinclair agrees with a few conditions. The match will be a triple cage match for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship between DDP and King. If King wins, he not only regain his title but he also gets a million dollar cash prize. However, if King loses, he will never wrestle again in WCW or anywhere else. Gordie and Sean agrees with the terms, not listening to King's protest. Later that night, during a party, Sasha flirts with Gordie, saying she was impressed with him, and invite him on a date at her appartment where she has sex with him. Meanwhile, King, out of sheer panic, tries to run away but falls into a sewer. The boys find him and convince him they found the perfect trainer for him. They find Sal Bandini (Martin Landau), an old school trainer who likes to train his students by beating them up and putting them through excruciating submission holds. Sal agrees to train King and therefore starts beating him up. The boys also think that King should have a partner to back him up. They turn to WCW wrestler Bill Goldberg (Himself) who used to be King's partner. Goldberg refuses to help King due to way King treated him in the past. That night, Sal is assaulted and injured by WCW thugs Sid Vicious(Himself) and Perry Saturn (Himself). At he hospital, Gordie overhears Sasha on the phone with Sinclaire and realises Sasha was faking their relationship to spy on them, and breaks up with her. Under Sal's advice to hide until the match, Gordie and Sean bring King to their hometown of Lusk, Wyoming. On the way, King goes to his wife to apologies and promises, after two kicks to the groin, to use the million dollar cash prize to make it up to her and their son. Upon their arrival, Gordie's father comes along to pick up his son and convinces him that his dreams of wrestling are stupid. That night, Sean and King try to bust Gordie out of his room where he's been confined to study until the next police exam, but Gordie refuses, saying it's time he gets real with his life. King and Sean holds an audition to find an entourage to help King during the match. Many candidates show up, but no one makes the cut and King realises he's gonna have to do it alone. As they are about to leave, Gordie comes to say goodbye and apologies to King for not going with them. King dismiss the apology because he understands and thanks Gordie for everything he's done for him. Meanwhile, Sean meets up with Wendy (Melanie Deanne Moore) whom he first tought of as one of the guys but realised he has developped a soft spot for her while she was always infatuated with him. He gives her a New-York Hard Rock Cafe T-shirt and confess that he's been thinking about her. She thanks him by bringing him inside the RV and have sex with him before he leaves. The night of the match, King is ready but very nervous. He's joined by Sean, dressed to impress as he's going to act as a manager to King. The match starts and turns rapidly to nightmare for King when it is revealed that DDP's goons were hiding under the ring and therefore, are inside the cage with him. One of the goons is a masked wrestler who turns out to be King's son Frankie who proceeds to beat up his dad. As King is getting beat up by the goons, out comes WCW wrestlers Goldberg, Booker T, Billy Kidman and Disco Inferno to help him. Unfortunately, they can't get in the cage since de door is padlocked. Out comes another man on a motorcycle who uses the entrance ramp as a jump to crash through the cage door and take out some of the goons. That man is Gordie, dressed in a wrestling version of his father's uniform. His father sees his son on TV and starts cheering him on with is collegues. Gordie and the others deal with DDP's possee and defeat them while King and DDP climb the cage to get to the belt. Sasha tries to get back together with Gordie as the fans love him, but is knocked out by a ladder after not listening to Sean's warning. Meanwhile, in the highest cage, DDP manages to throw King down to the lowest cage. As he attempts to reach for the belt, Page is knocked down to the lowest cage himself by WCW wrestler Sting who was threatened into helping DDP earlier by Sinclaire. The two climb back to the top again and fight it out until King manages to slam DDP all the way to mat, knocking him out in the process. King retrieves the belt and is once again champion. After this, Sean and Gordie beat up Sinclaire before tossing him in the crowd where the fans beat him up some more. Goldberg asks King to re-team with him, but the new champ announces his new partner will be Gordie and their manager will be Sean. Gordie's father is cheering and accept his son's decison while Wendy is seen at work jumping and screaming her love for Sean. Afterward, Sean is back in Lusk, at the convenient store where the story began, telling the story to some kids and saying "dreams can come true". Just as one of the kids ask Sean to prove that his story is real, the store clerk, known for being mean to kids, is projected throught the glass door by Goldberg, Gordie and King. All ends happily as the heroes ride off in a stretch Hummer (driven by Nitro Girl Chae), together with Sal, now fully recovered in a hot tub with beautiful women and ends it by saying "God bless America". The end credits feature bloopers and a montage of kicks to the groin.
tt2359137
Drama,War
Last Ounce of Courage is the story of an American hero standing up for his beliefs in a time of cynicism and fear. Inspired by his grandson, a grieving father and courageous youth will rally their community to conserve the freedoms we the people hold dear. Bob Revere is a small town Mayor and combat decorated veteran. He faces a root of bitterness from his past filled with heartbreaking loss. His grandson comes back into his life after many years to ask the most important question, What are we doing with our life to make a difference? Bob had grown apathetic along with an entire town. Now with the help of children, a group of people all band together to inspire hope, take back the freedoms that are being lost and take a stand for truth.
tt1212454
Comedy,Drama,Family
Based on the book by Aimee Bender. Math whiz Mona Gray has elected to systematically withdraw from life after a mysterious illness leaves her DAD all but a shell of his former self. When she gets a job as the math teacher at an elementary school, she discovers she has an unorthodox talent for teaching and finds herself thrust back into life again, with children to care for, a man to love, and a reason to live... The story centers on Mona Gray, who as a young girl gives up everything important to her in life, except mathematics, as part of a "deal with the universe" to help restore her father (a mathematician) to health. Years later, Mona teaches the subject, and does her best to help her students contend with their own personal crises.
tt0443435
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
It's the middle of the night. You're driving on a lonely road. Suddenly, out of nowhere, another car hits you. When you wake up there's shattered glass all over the pavement, your friends are injured, and the other car is gone. You're disoriented, hurting--but when you see the ambulance's flashing red and blue lights, you know help has arrived. Emily Johnson, her boyfriend Bobby and their friends Clare and Jude are recent college grads driving cross-country, taking a last vacation together before they face the "real" world. An accident leaves them hurt and stranded on a lonely Louisiana road. When the ambulance arrives, it whisks them to Mercy Hospital. With a minimal staff and many of its floors empty, the hospital is an eerie place--but that's only the beginning. The staff is conducting inhuman experiments on helpless patients under the instruction of Dr. Benway, a direct descendant of the infamous New Orleans family that committed atrocities in the 19th century.
tt0462219
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
The following synopsis were provided by la_bon_chat. His/her writings were even more attractive than the film itself and contained the spoilers. Saluted to la_bon_chat and enjoyed. **************************************************************************************************************************** Main female character is in love with main male character though he can't stand her (his sole reason for despising the always gorgeous Sienna Miller? She talks too much. Okaaayyy.) Boy marries girl that he hates. (Why? Because he's on parole and her uncle is a sherriff. Duh!) Girl dies. Girl awakes and continues to live though her body is now decaying. Cue the teenybopper pop-country soundtrack aannd...Boy is now in love with girl. Mmm-bop! (Why? Because she's the walking dead now, duh! I'm always falling in love with zombies.) Cops think boy killed girl. The cliche must-have, a "wise, older character", Cowboy Bob, hides them amongst his 'My Little Ponies' and takes them to their honeymoon destination--Niagara Falls. Along the way she continues to decay. Terrible soundtrack continues to accompany rotting and travel. (Don't worry--the decay is gore-free. Think, cute rotting...no peeling flesh or maggots.) They reach gigantic waterfall, she disappears, cops appear, Uncle/Sheriff character says best line in movie, "I'm a lawman. I'm not afraid to take the law into my own hands. The real law...The law of love." and gives boy a gun. Boy gets shot. Girl reappears, riding a blue horse. Seeing her alive, cops back off. Together boy and girl jump into the falls while riding said horse. Onlookers gasp. Cheesy song about miracles and love plays. Credits. (Poor horse.) *************************************************************************************************************************** Here we go for the normal plot description: The plot followed the two characters who just married were going to Niagara Falls on their honeymoon. Silas Parker (Franco) was a thief who marries Camille Foster (Miller), his parole officer's niece, in hopes it would be his chance to escape to Canada. But Silas couldn't stand Camille and she was blind to how he really felt, believing that everything would be all right once they reached the falls. After their wedding Camille fretted about there was no rice thrown and how that was bad luck. On the way to Niagara Falls they crashed their honeymoon bike and Camille died in the accident. Thinking that he killed Camille, Silas ran away & breaking into a nearby house to call the police but hanging up before he reported the accident. When he returned to the scene of the accident he found Camille up and washing in a nearby river. Over the course of the trip Silas realized that Camille really did die in the accident as she started to decay. While taking care of her, Silas showed a kinder side due to his guilt over having accidentally caused her death. Meanwhile the police believed that Silas actually killed his wife and began to hunt him down. The couple evaded capture several times and ended up traveling with an old rodeo cowboy (Carradine) with colored horses. One of the horses, Maggie, was old and should have died years ago but was still sticking around for some reason. As Camille got worse, she and Silas grew closer, eventually dancing and kissing in the rain. Silas said that while he never believed in anything, Camille believed in him when no one else ever had. They finally reached Niagara Falls and took the boat tour together. As Silas smiled down on Camille, happy to be with her, she told him that she's ready now. He turned to ask someone to take their picture but found her then vanished. He got off the boat and headed towards the Canadian border, but stopped and went back looking for Camille. He's then spotted by the police and chased to the edge of the Niagara Falls viewing point. He screamed out for Camille - not believing her to be truly dead and gone - and the police, thinking he's still evading arrest, shoot him. Camille suddenly appeared, riding toward him on Maggie, the horse. She asked why he didn't go on without her and he replied he couldn't without her. He mounted up behind her and said "I love you" for the first time. They two kissed and then turned toward the falls. Camille said "I had a great honeymoon" and Silas answers "Me too." Then Maggie galloped forward and jumped over the edge into the Niagara Falls with Camille and Silas on her back, all three disappeared into the mist. After they jumped, rice started to fall from the sky. (I must admitted that my eyes were filling with tear at the end of the film.)
tt1064744
Horror,Thriller
Tasmania, Australia---one of the world's most isolated islands. It is rumored that, deep within the wilderness, an ancient species known as the Tasmanian Tiger is alive and breeding. Yet, modern science refuses to believe such a creature now exists, since no witnesses have ever been able to prove it. That is, until zoology student Nina (Mirrah Foulkes), claims she can breach Tasmania's impenetrable forests and confirm the tigers' existence. Driving Nina's quest is one critical piece of proof: a photo of a paw print taken by her sister just before she met with a fatal accident eight years before. In the early 19th century, the murderous convict Alexander Pearce (aka "The Pieman") had broken out of prison twice, and each time he had killed and eaten his fellow escapees. But what Nina doesn't know is that, before he was hung for cannibalism in 1824, he'd spawned a blood line who inherited his taste for human flesh. Soon, Nina and her friends discover that in the wild, as one species may have died out, another has thrived---in the form of the Pieman's descendants. When she sets out with her partner, Matt (Leigh Whannell), his old mate, Jack (Nathan Phillips), and his girlfriend, Rebecca (Melanie Vallejo), their little expedition encounters the island's reigning breed, but one who stands on two legs, not four. The Pieman clan has survived, and their need to feed and breed turns Nina, Matt, Jack and Rebecca into this island's next endangered species.
tt0445935
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The film is based upon a true story surrounding the multiple murders of young women in Juárez, Chihuahua. Two men brutally rape a young woman, Eva Jimenez (Maya Zapata) and leave her for dead. She wakes up in and crawls out of her own grave. An American journalist, Lauren Adrian (Jennifer Lopez), is assigned to cover the story of the murders in Juárez. Lauren -- haunted by terrible memories of her own -- finds Eva, the only surviving victim and is determined to catch Eva's rapist. Then, with the help of Eva and Mexican newspaper editor Alfonso Diaz (Antonio Banderas), Lauren disguises herself as a Mexican worker to identify and trap the rapists. They catch one but the other escapes. Then, only days before Eva is to testify against the rapist, Lauren is forced to leave Juárez to try to have her story published. With Lauren gone, Eva flees to the United States but is caught by the border police and returned to Juárez. Meanwhile, newspaper editor Alfonso Diaz is the victim of a drive-by shooting and, by the time Lauren returns to Juárez, he has died. Lauren goes looking for Eva, but encounters the rapist instead, and he attacks her.
tt0407121
Animation,Comedy,Family
A heffalump is heard trumpeting in the hundred acre woods. Winnie the pooh, tigger, and piglet are scared and rush to Rabbit's house for advice. Roo joins them and they all agree that heffalumps are nearby after finding a huge footprint. They decide to set out on an expodition to catch the heffalump. Roo is not allowed to come along because he is too little. The expedition is fruitless and the gang (including eyore) return to their own part of the hundred acre wood. Meanwhile Roo sets out on his own to catch the heffalump and finds Lumpy, a young heffalump. Roo captures Lumpy with a rope and brings him to his own neighborhood. Although Roo starts out suspicious of Lumpy they eventually become friends. Lumpy becomes upset when he can't find his mother and Roo takes him to see his own mother, Kanga. Rabbit, Tigger and the others take Lumpy for an enemy and tie him up. This scare lumpy and he runs away only to be captured in a booby trap. He then trumpets for his mother who comes to his rescue. Meanwhile Roo falls in a dangerous pit full of fallen trees. Lumpy's mother rescues Roo and this act of kindness endears the heffalumps to the other dwellers of the hundred acre wood. the end
tt1029120
Comedy,Drama
HENRY POOLE is HERE is a comedic drama about a disillusioned man who goes hiding in placid suburbia only to discover he cannot escape the forces of hope. Returning to the middleclass neighborhood where he grew up, Henry chooses to live in indulgent isolation. Real life, however, refuses to cooperate with his plans. Nosy neighbors interrupt him with curious visits and prying questions. Then the situation escalates as a stain on Henry's stucco wall is seen to have miraculous powers. His last-ditch hideout becomes a shrine; his backyard turns into an arena for passionate debate about faith and destiny. Seeking anonymous oblivion, cynical Henry Poole instead finds himself right at the center of the human comedy. A modern-day fable, director Mark Pellington's new film investigates the unexpected wonders of the everyday. A faithless man finds hope. A hopeless man finds love. Whether backyard miracles are real or triggered by hope and belief, their personal effects are permanent.
tt0926063
Comedy,Horror
At a cemetery in a small Georgia town, a local gravedigger discovers the dead coming back to life, but he keeps it to himself. At Cooas High School, teen misfit and outcast Jimmy Dunn (Jared Kusnitz) wants to ask his part-time girlfriend Lindsey (Greyson Chadwick) to the senior prom. But she tells him no for he does not take anything in life seriously. Jimmy's friend Stephen, (Chandler Darby) another social misfit and outcast, wants to ask Gwen, a popular cheerleader, but she tells him no. But when Gwen's date calls her that he's sick after eating "bad spinnach" she finds herself dateless, so she decides not to go at all. Kyle (Justin Welborn) is a rebelious student and outcast rebel whom gets suspended from school for fighting, and vows revenge against everybody. Lindsey breaks up with Jimmy the day before the prom and starts going out with Mitch, a popular football star. On the way to the prom, Mitch takes Lindsey to the cemetery to "loosen up" and makes out with her. Mitch is drawn out of the car and killed by a zombie then turned into one himself. Meanwhile, the misfit geek members of the school's Sci-Fi club, Jules, Stephen, Rod and George, are investigating the cemetery when they are attacked by zombies. Rod is killed and the remaining three are rescued by the grave digger who reveals that he was aware of the occurrences but kept it quiet to keep his job. He instructs them on how to kill the zombies before running off. The three get surrounded again, but Lindsey comes to the rescue. Lindsey and the three SciFi Club geeks escape in Mitch's car. After making a pizza delivery and discovering that a family are now zombies, Jimmy runs and finds a crashed truck with his enemy Kyle as the only survivor. Jimmy and Kyle run into Gwen who's out on a jog, and the three are attacked. They manage to kill all of the zombies with a baseball bat. They also find a gun Kyle carried in his truck. Unfortunately Jimmy's truck is stolen by two zombies, leaving the three of them stranged in the middle of the zombie infected residential neighborhood without a getaway vehicle. In another neighborhood, Nash, Jenson and Dave the Drummer are in the middle of writing a new song for their band. Nash asks Jenson to leave because he's not being helpful, and they discover several zombies standing outside the house when Jenson opens the garage door. The zombies attack, but the band members also accidentally find that the zombies like music, and they keep playing to keep the zombies at bay, but also inadvertently attracting more. Meanwhile, Mitch's car breaks down, and Lindsey, Jules, George and Stephen take refuge in a nearby house. Jimmy calls Lindsey to find out where she is. He, Kyle and Gwen then make their way to the house through the town sewers. On the way, they discover a substance that the power plant dumped that they believe caused the re-animation of the dead. The house in which their friends are hiding turns out to be a funeral home. Fumes from the power plant re-animate the corpses stored there. Kyle and Jimmy kill them all, but not before Kyle is bitten in the neck and dies. He turns into a zombie and the others are forced to beat him to death. Gwen manages to run outside where she retrieves the funeral home's hearse and the group escapes with the intent to rescue their fellow students from the prom. On the way to the school, the hearse's tires are shot out. The teens discover their coach is still alive, and quickly convince him that the zombies will head to the prom, and he helps arm them. The group heads for the prom in the coach's Hummer. On the way they find the besieged band and rescue them by killing the zombies while they're distracted by the band's music. The band then joins the group to stop the zombies. At the school, they find all of the town's zombies are there and that they've arrived too late to save everybody. The coach decides to use his explosives to blow up the school. While the coach starts setting up explosives around the school up, the schoolkids block all the doors so the zombies can't escape. While locking through the school, the Sci-Fi club members find a small group of survivors, including the Prom Queen, and start to lead them out to safety. The coach accidentally drops the detonator into a chip bowl. Jimmy is forced to go back for it. Lindsey follows him. They are able to sneak through the gym to get to the detonator but are noticed and attacked. Before they can be killed, the onstage band starts playing to distract the zombies. Jimmy and Lindsey dance while looking for the remote. On the way out, the others are attacked but manage to kill their attackers, but Gwen hides the fact that she was bitten. She pulls Stephen, for whom she has developed feelings, into the bathroom. There she reveals the truth and the two kiss, but she turns into a zombie and bites Stephen's tongue off. She kills him, which turns Stephen into a zombie as well. The two zombies kiss again and then start to eat each other. In the gym, Jimmy and Lindsey are still looking for the detonator when a zombie accidentally pulls the plug on the band's instruments, stopping the music and causing the zombies to attack again. While the other two hold off the zombies, Jenson tries to replace the plug. Jimmy and Lindsey are forced to hide beneath the bleachers, where they are attacked by Mitch, who has become a zombie. The two escape and Lindsey kills Mitch. The band manages to plug their instruments in and begin playing, which allows Jimmy to get the detonator. The five of them attempt to make their escape, but Jenson is caught and torn apart by the horde. The surviving four make their way out of the school through a window. The zombies are unable to escape out the blocked doors, and Jimmy blows up the school, killing all of the zombies. The survivors, including the small group that hid at the prom, takes a bus to a pancake house for breakfast courtesy of the coach with a plan to eat and plan an attack to shut down the power plant to and prevent the zombie plague from spreading. The grave digger also survives and is left to clean up the mess.
tt0289635
Crime,Drama
This story is about an attractive, sociopathic womanizer, who wanders around corrupting every relationship in which he's involved. In addition to exploring some sadistic and Oedipal issues, he acts with a complete disregard for anyone else's situation or feelings; starting with his former girlfriend. Her story is told in flashbacks throughout the film. Just after he takes a job as a helper on a cargo boat in England, he and his boss find a woman's body floating in the canal. We see his personality unfold as he boldly seduces the plain, frustrated wife of a ferryman who takes him in to live with them, as he works for them on their boat.. Plenty of lust and nudity to illustrate his choices.
tt1034325
Drama
PHOEBE is the fantastical tale of a little girl (Elle Fanning) who won't, or can't, follow the rules. Confounded by her clashes with the rule-obsessed world around her, Phoebe seeks enlightenment from her unconventional drama teacher (Clarkson), even as her brilliant but anguished mother (Huffman) looks to Phoebe herself for inspiration. The movie tells a story of a 9 year old girl, Phoebe (Elle Fanning) and her mother (Felicity Huffman). Phoebe seeks a role in her school's play, ''Alice In Wonderland'', directed by her teacher, Miss Dodger (Patricia Clarkson). While her mother supports her for the role, Phoebe is nervous and lacks self-confidence. The film follows Phoebe through the ups and downs of trying out, getting the role and being the "oddball" kid. [D-Man2010] Felicity Huffman, Elle Fanning, and Patricia Clarkson star in director/screenwriter Daniel Barnz's illuminating tale of parenting and growth concernining an exceptional young girl whose troubling retreat into fantasy draws the concern of both her dejected mother and her unusually perceptive drama teacher. Phoebe (Fanning) is a talented young student who longs to take part in the school production of Alice in Wonderland, but whose bizarre behavior sets her well apart from her carefree classmates. Her mother (Huffman) is an aspiring academic who is beginning to feel like she has not only failed in her professional career, but as a parent as well. Though Phoebe's gifted drama teacher (Clarkson) has no doubts about the young girl's talent and capacity for learning, the frustration of seeing such a promising student slowly slip ever further away from reality soon becomes a growing concern both at home and at school. [D-Man2010]
tt0870204
Crime,Drama,Thriller
This film is the story of a group of unruly teenagers whose parents send them to a rehabilitation boot camp to turn them around. The camp collects each child individually, then delivers them to the boot camp facility on a remote island in Fiji. There are no walls to stop the teenagers from leaving, but escape is impractical due to the surrounding sea. On arriving at the camp, the teenagers are forced to wear cuffs with sensors around their ankles if they attempt to escape, security will be alerted. Dr. Hail (Peter Stormare), who runs the camp, forces the teens to work constantly. He has them clean the camp, grow plants, and has them rebuild the camp after it was damaged in a storm. Campers are required to wear color coded t-shirts. First, new arrivals are given black t-shirts. They progress to yellow and then white. The teens earn a white shirt once they have been "corrected." They do not do work; they become staff members and abuse the other inmates and monitor their work. Among the staff is an ex-Marine recruit. He is very tough towards the inmates and makes deals with girls in exchange for sex. The main teenagers featured are Sophie (Mila Kunis), her boyfriend Ben (Gregory Smith who gets himself sent to the camp to rescue her), Danny (who arrives with Sophie) and Trina, Sophie's bunkmate. As time passes on the island, Sophie rebels more and more against Dr. Hail, and once Ben joins her, the two escape to a nearby island. However, they are recaptured, and Ben is told he will be sent home. One morning, whilst on a run, Logan, the former Army recruit, has the male teenagers go swimming. However, Danny, who can't swim, drowns, and Logan tries to get Ben to help cover it up by threatening him with solitary confinement, but Ben refuses. Meanwhile, Sophie discovers that Logan has raped Trina, and when Logan is put before the camp to admit responsibility for Danny's death, she reveals this to the rest of the teenagers, many of whom also were offered yellow shirts by Logan in exchange for sex. As the teenagers surround Logan, Sophie turns the attention onto Hail, at which point Ben announces to the shocked teenagers that this isn't the first death to occur on a camp run by Dr. Hail. The teenagers run amok, burning down the entire campsite, and then go after Logan, who dies when his jeep crashes into a burning building. At this point they turn their attention solely to Hail, who tries to shoot them in the hope that he can restore order. However, after finding out his gun wasn't loaded, he is thrown into solitary confinement, to be left for the police to arrest. As the film fades out we see images of the teenagers celebrating freedom swimming in the ocean. A message also appears on screen stating that since the 1970's, when these type of camps were introduced in real life, over 40 deaths have occurred.
tt1560978
Horror,Thriller
While scattering her fathers ashes at a remote part of Oregons beautiful Rouge River, Mara (MICHELLE PAGE) car is towed away. Stranded, she accept a ride from Kind passer-by Jon. A quick detour leads them to Jons cabin deep in the woods, where his wife Lea quickly captivates Mara and convinces her to spend the night. However, Maras world soon becomes a harrowing nightmare as Jon and Lea reveal their true colours and the night unfolds into a shocking and spine-chilling sequences of horrors with a climax that will leave your nerves stripped bare
tt0488658
Adventure,Comedy,Family
When Katherine and Spencer are on there way to their fathers house, a blizzard hits delaying all plane flights at Hoover International. Zach Van Bourke (Wilmer Valderrama) takes Katherine and Spencer to the UM room (Unaccompanied Minors Room) In the huge concrete room there are lots of crazy kids in there. That is where Spencer meets Donna (Quinn Shephard), Charlie (Tyler James Williams), Grace (Gena Mantegna) and Beef (Brett Kelly). The five kids decide to escape the UM room and try to find something to do. Spencer grabs a bite to eat, Grace goes to the high flyers room, Donna steals a golf cart type vehicle inside the airport, Beef goes into the safety equipment room and plays around in there and Charlie sings at Sharper Image. They are eventually caught and brought back to the UM room where they discover no one else is there. They also get a lecture from Oliver (Lewis Black), the head of the airport. All the kids, including Spencer's little sister, were brought to the Hoover International Lodge to spend the night on Christmas Eve. Spencer, Donna, Charlie, Grace and Beef are all forced to sleep in the dirty UM room. The kids find a way to trick Zach Van Bourke and they manage to escape the UM room. When they get out, Beef says that he will find a Christmas tree for Spencer's sister to make her Christmas better. Donna and Grace get into a fight after arguing over something stupid. The 4 kids eventually make a trip to distract the guards by letting a dog out of its cage. The 4 kids eventually go to the unclaimed baggage wearhouse, where they find some cool things. Charlie finds 4 walkie talkies and Spencer finds a doll. Both of those things will eventually help them. They are caught on camera and must make a run from Oliver and the guards. They eventually go to the the lodge to see Spencer's sister and deliver the doll that Spencer found for Katherine. Charlie and Donna knock on people's doors and blame it on Oliver who gets punched in the face by a man. Spencer puts the doll next to his sister as she is sleeping. Oliver catches them and Spencer tells Oliver not to wake up his sister. The 4 kids are brought back to private rooms where there are guards next to the doors. They all 4 still have walkie talkies so they manage to get out through the vents in the ceilings. They are in the vents and Charlie falls through the celing into a room with decorations. The 4 kids decorate the airport because it has no Christmas decorations. Beef comes back with the Christmas tree even though he had to go a long way to get it. Oliver doesn't like Christmas because his wife left him on Christmas a couple years back. Oliver catches them but congratulates them for escaping. Oliver decides to bring Christmas to the airport so he dresses up as Santa. They get a list of all people flying alone so they give gifts to them. Spencer meets up with Katherine and there father comes to see them. He drove to the airport all the way from Pennsylvania to meet them. His car blew up on the way so he had to use a Hummer to get there. THE END
tt0488988
Biography,Crime,Drama
Tells a story about Mark Chapman, the assasin of John Lennon, and his 3 day plotting to murder Lennon in New York. Leto is frightfully good. Very good acting all round.This movie was clear and made me sit up and listen to every word.I was happy to see that Yoko did not attribute to this movie,she has enough grief to handle.I just kept on thinking about the loss and my grief too.This movie did not glorify Chapman but what it did was it gave me some kind of understanding.There should be a followup to this so we can see how that Chapman loser fades away and thankfully dies.Lindsay lohan did a good job too.
tt0274711
Crime,Drama
Eli (Al Pacino) is a low-rent public relations man in New York City, with only one "big-name" client, aging movie actor Cary Launer (Ryan O'Neal). After a messy one-night stand with a young starlet/party girl (Tea Leoni)--think Lindsay Lohan--Cary asks Eli to babysit the young lady until she is due to fly back to LA the next morning. Well, Eli has a bit of a drug problem, and so does the girl, so he doesn't resist too much when she insists on taking him to some kind of floating opium den (sort of like the old floating crap game in Guys & Dolls, but more upscale). There's some kind of electronic "toy" she left at the party earlier in the evening that she is determined to find. Once some big name business men discover she is there, they insist that she leave the party and have her escorted to the elevator. As the elevator door closes, she holds up the toy and says "I've got you all now!" Eli is too stoned to ask her what she's talking about or why she was kicked out of the party. Anyway, he takes her back to the hotel, but at some point the toy falls out of her bag, and Eli unconsciously sticks it in the pocket of his overcoat. He later passes out in her hotel bathroom, but semi-wakes up to see someone attacking her in bed and then passes out again. He leaves the next morning, and assumes she is just sleeping in bed. Well, as you probably guessed by now, he later hears on the news that she has been murdered. The police want to question him, and surprise, surprise, his main client, Cary, suddenly wants to dump him, and brings a big sack of cash to Eli's office as a kind of severance package. Eli is furious because he just spent the past night babysitting Cary's party girl, plus he promised a lot of people that Cary would appear at a big racial unity event at the Palm restaurant on the east side of Manhattan that evening. Eli is one of the organizers, and it is a pet project of his. Several people, including some wealthy politicos who were at the sex club, make it clear to him that he knows too much about Leoni's death. In the meantime, Eli's late brother's widow Victoria (Kim Basinger) is waiting for him at her hotel. Apparently they had a history together before she married his brother, who has recently died. She wants to start things up again with Eli, and he's obviously attracted to her, but he's uncomfortable with the whole "brother's wife" thing. Despite this he agrees to go back to Virginia with Vicky, but only a short while later is stabbed by a bypasser on the street. He manages to make it back to his apartment, but there succumbs to blood loss.
tt0359423
Drama,Romance
Contains Spoilers: It's the 1960's. Bobby's close w his old brother who looks out for him and treats him like an equal. He idolizes his older brother and misses him forever when the brother dies in a strange accident during a party thrown by their parents when he walks thru a closed plate glass door. Bobby sees Jonathan in school and Jonathan reminds him of his dead brother. Bobby is a quiet hip kid who's into music and pot. With the death of his mother and his fathers lack of parenting ability Bobby is left on his own to grow and find his way. Jonathan is the only son of traditional parents, his mother a homemaker and his father owns a movie theater. They live together pretending to be happy while all three are secretly wishing for something different. Bobby intoduces Jonathan to pot and rock music and Jonathan brings Bobby to live with his family when Bobby's father dies. In Jonathan's parents Bobby finds the security and love he has been missing since his brother died and his family fell apart. Jonathan is in love with Bobby, awed by his ease. One night while smoking pot and listening to music in his bedroom, Jonathan gathers his courage and outs his hand under the sheets and Bobby reciprocates both boys pleasuring each other. This happens every once in a while, but their friendship is more brotherly than romantic. Bobby introduces pot to Jonathan's mother Alice and in doing so sparks life into Alice for the first time in forever. Alice struggles in the boredom of marriage and homemaker life, Bobby's openheartedness and appreciation for her kindness causes Alice to teach Bobby how to bake and cook, something she has always enjoyed and used to keep her boredom at bay. When Jonathan goes on to college Bobby stays behind working in a local bakery and living with Alice and Ned. Ned's health is deteriorating and Alice and Ned decide to relocate to the desert for drier climate. They tell Bobby he should find his own life when he wants to come with them. Bobby calls Jonathan, who is now living in NYC and asks if he can stay with him. It's the early 1980's and we see the west village in NYC and Bobby gets off the bus to live with Jonathan who he hasn't seen in a few years. Jonathan has gained confidence in his sexuality and has casual encounters with many men. His roommate Clare is a free spirit artist who lives off a small inheritance and sells unusual hats she makes out of odds and ends, She is in love with Jonathan even though he is gay and they tell Bobby that they plan to have a child together, that most married couples are unhappy so they are choosing to make their own life the y they wish it to be. Bobby is a welcome addition to the apartment, he gets a job at a bakery and for awhile the three of them enjoy perfect harmony. Jonathan continues to have one night stands with men he meets on the street and during one of these evenings Clare seduces Bobby after cutting his always long hair and remaking his look to suit her likes. Bobby, having never made love to a woman (or anyone other than Jonathan) reveals his insecurities and Clare takes control of their love making, leaving Bobby crying as he climaxes. They become a couple and fall in love while Jonathan feels left out and a third wheel. Bobby tries to reassure Jonathan that he is essential but very soon after Bobby and Clare awake to find Jonathan moved out without a word, bobby calls Alice in the desert to discover Jonathan has moved back there but when he asks to speak with him Jonathan makes Alice say he has gone to sleep. While decorating their Christmas tree the phone rings at Clare and Bobby's apartment - it's Alice telling him that Ned has died. They fly out to the desert where Alice greets Bobby and asks him to hold her so tightly she'll break, Jonathan sees Bobby providing Alice with something he can not and again he feels jealous of Bobby, for providing something to someone he loves which Jonathan can not himself provide. When Bobby begins to tell Clare how wonderful Ned was Jonathan finally blows up, offering his family to Bobby offering to give his entire life to him, because he always seems to want it and because Bobby is a better fit in Jonathan's life. Clare gets angry at Jonathan revealing the truth about her love for them both that she thought perhaps she had found a perfect family in the two of them and that she is pregnant with Bobby's child. Both men are thrilled and they reassure Clare and hug altogether, reunited. When They leave Alice give Jonathan his fathers ashes asking him to spread them somewhere when he is ready to part with them. They decide to move out of the city and end up upstate in Woodstock, NY home to Bobby's favorite rock and roll concert. Clare uses her inheratince to buy a house and they prepare it for the birth of their baby, agreeing that both men will be daddy. Time passes and thir daughter is born. Bobby and Jonathan open a restaurant called "Home" with Bobby cooking and Jonathan serving/ hosting, Clare stays home and plays housewife and mother and finds it difficult and lonely. Alice visits, happy and proud of the restaurant, the baby and the life the boys have created for themselves. On a picnic to the field where Woodstock concert was held, Alice confides in Clare that she believes Clare has done it the best way, that traditional marriage is not a happy thing for a woman. Clare feels validated and pleased. However, one evening she looks out the window of the house to see the boys dancing and she sees the ever closeness between Jonathan and Bobby and we wonder who is really the odd one out. Jonathan discovers a sore on his hip, and is caught naked , examining it in the bathroom by Bobby, bobby reassures him that it is a bruise but we as the audience know different, it is the first sign that Jonathan has AIDS. Jonathan makes bobby promise not to tell anyone about it. Clare sees the boys out on the porch on night slow dancing to music and shortly thereafter leaves to go visit her mother in Pennsylvania, while packing the baby in the car she asks Bobby to come with her, it's a significant moment for the audience. Bobby says no, that he can't leave the restaurant as its still so new but we see the hurt in her eyes and know she isn't coming back. The boys say goodbye to the baby and Clare and agree to paint the baby's room while she's away, revealing the possibility that they too are aware she might not be back so soon, if at all. Jonathan asks Bobby to come with him to a local field and together they spread Ned's ashes- Jonathan telling Bobby that when his time comes that this would be an acceptable place for Bobby to do the same with Jonathan's ashes as well. This tells the audience that Jonathan is aware that he has AIDS and his life has only so much time left. They return to the house together - clearly happy to be together. Their relationship can not be labeled but clearly it works for them and the movie ends with them being together as they want to be.
tt0305973
Crime,Drama
Sonny returns to New Orleans' French Quarter when he finishes his three-year hitch in the army. His mother, Jewel, is not only surprised since he didn't call ahead, but eager for Sonny to return to his former trade as a male prostitute serving older female clients. Jewel, a former prostitute herself, has a new girl, Carol, who's working out well, and Jewel just knows that if Carol and Sonny worked doubles, her son servicing the woman while Carol takes the man, they'd make big money. However, Sonny has other plans. His army friend Jesse has promised Sonny a job at his father's Texas bookstore. Sonny just needs some good clothes and a bit of traveling money. While trying on suits (and asking if there's a job opening), Sonny is interrupted by Meg, a former client who tells her friend Sonny is the one she's gushed about. It's clear she's still interested. Jewel's boyfriend Henry, a shoplifter and thief who barely makes enough to rent a room, buy a bottle, and pay his losses at his daily gin game with his friend, pours Sonny a drink. It's too late for him, Henry explains, but Sonny can still get out, do something with his life. Sonny and Carol soon sleep together. She is duly impressed with Sonny's skills as a lover, so much so that she not only pays him but loans him the car she's borrowed from Troy, a car-dealer client who asks Carol to marry him often. On arrival in Texas, Sonny is disappointed to learn there is no job. Jesse's father has died, leaving debts, and the bookstore has a new owner. Jesse has something for Sonny, though. His girlfriend has a sister Gretchen, a pretty blond. Why don't they go on a double date? Sonny isn't sure; he's been with lots of women but never had a date. Jesse convinces him to give it a chance. They pick the girls up at church, spend the day and the evening with them, and Sonny ends up having sex with Gretchen, who jokingly suggests that since Sonny's job disappeared, he should do that for a living. He tells her he used to. Gretchen fails at covering her appalled reaction. She gets up, ostensibly to use the bathroom, but Sonny finds her drinking cough syrup to get high. He loses his temper, throwing the bottle, which shatters, then tearing the bathroom apart, finding more, throwing them, shouting at her for being a junkie. Jesse is angry, and the girls yell at Sonny to get out. Sonny drives home. A business acquaintance who runs her own whorehouse refers Sonny to a client, and it's Meg, whose husband is out of town. Sonny performs to her complete satisfaction, but she doesn't have enough cash to pay his usual $200 fee. He accepts $150 and her promise to refer any friends who could use his services. Meg comes through, sending Sonny (in a hastily-borrowed police uniform Henry got for him) to the lavish home of an older woman with a cop fetish. Sonny is grossed out by what she asks that he do with his nightstick, but he needs the money. When she, too, attempts to deliberately underpay him, he throws a bottle into a large mirror, then destroys a television before she agrees to pay. In the car, Sonny is furious with himself and the life he's leading. Jewel has sent Carol to a nearby town to work for a week. Jewel needs her cut of the money; she worries a lot that she has nothing to show for a life of work, only what she can earn through her girls--and Sonny, who picks Carol up when the week ends. He's known the man running the operation for years, and asks what his father looked like after he shows Carol a hole in the lobby wall where his father defended his mother from a possessive pimp. The man says he cannot remember. Henry gives his last forty bucks to his gin-playing friend just before Jewel reminds him he needs to take her to Antoine's for her birthday. She sends him out to steal something. Dressed with outdated flash at the expensive restaurant, they are seated, and the evening seems very special. Jewel has slipped off her high heels, and the waiter insists she put them on. When she explains she always does this and it's not hurting anyone, he insults them both. Henry, who's already drained a glass of wine for liquid courage, threatens the waiter with a knife, demanding an apology, which is forthcoming. The discuss whether they should "tell him," but Henry insists they cannot. Sonny and Carol are now a couple. Jewel has finally worn Sonny down. He and Carol word a double, attending a party as a couple, then being last to leave so each can sexually service his or her client in private. Sonny finishes first and watches Carol finish up. They leave as the couple's kids come in. It's raining, and they go for a drive in the country, during which Carol wonders if they should both leave the life, maybe get married and try something else in a new place. Sonny refuses to walk in the rain with her, since he's wearing an expensive white suit, but she won't get back in the car. He finally parks and they walk until it starts to pour. They make a run for a barn where Carol tears up over a dog with young puppies. As a whore, she tells Sonny tearfully, she has no right to have a baby. She wants things to be different some day, to be like other people. His attempts to calm her upset her more, and culminates in her telling him Jewel never wanted him, he was an accident. Sonny doesn't want to hear it. He won't leave Jewel, who needs him. Carol says she's done, that she's going to accept Troy's next marriage proposal. Henry finally wins a gin game with his friend, and feels his luck is changing. It is. When he leaves, he pulls right in front of a truck and is killed in the accident. At home after the funeral, Jewel tells Sonny that Henry wasn't just a good man but his father, conceived in a short, special time when she was first selling herself and only to him. Sonny's furious that they kept this from him. He dumps the coffee table and storms out, getting rapidly drunk in a series of French Quarter bars until he's worked up the nerve to visit Acid Yellow, who runs a stable of male whores--who service men, not women. Acid Yellow isn't feeling well, and neither is the young man who usually services Mr. Penn, who's due any minute. Sonny offers to take the client; he's interested in some 'rough trade' because he has so much energy borne of anger. Mr. Penn is a submissive seeking to be punished, but Sonny unleashes his anger, punching him with fists and throttling him until Acid Yellow stops him, with the aid of the house bouncer, who beats Sonny. At home, Sonny examines Henry's few things, especially his beat-up hat. He is feeling sorry for himself when Carol arrives to pack up her things. She's marrying Troy and leaving. She makes it clear she'd rather go with Sonny, but he does not offer himself. She goes outside, taking the keys to the car she loaned him when they first met. Sonny follows her and sees that she's crying in the car. He fantasizes chasing the car, her getting out and running to him, a big clinch in the street--but turns to go back into the house, and his life as a whore, without doing it.
tt0302674
Adventure,Drama,Mystery
We are driving a flat, winding, dry and isolated road through desert brush. Everything is quiet. Two young men in a car say nothing to each other. They arrive at a marked "wilderness" trail and head off without anything but the clothes on their back and an extra shirt. With energy and boundlessness they go and go and go. They mention the "thing" that they're apparently going to and how it should be there somewhere. They have no map. The landscape changes, they run, they smoke cigarettes and finally they decide they don't really want to go to this "thing" and they turn around. The shots are very long and tedious. We realize they're lost. The brush disappears and it is mountains, then it is rocks, then it is desert. Then it is night and they sit by a fire. The next day goes on and on and it is unclear how many days are now passing, though the landscape still keeps changing: a lunar surface, and crags of jagged rocks. Their clothes and faces dirty, their clipped exchanges almost indecipherable. They separate and then find each other again, Gerry stuck at the top of a huge rock formation. They discuss him jumping down and the other Gerry makes him a "dirt mattress", which is successful and they keep going. Finally flat white salt is all that's beneath them. They are both barely moving, shuffling their feet like broken-down machines. Gerry, who was falling behind, drops to his knees and lays down. Gerry stops and walks back to him, lying on the ground beside him. After a while, Gerry says that he's leaving and slowly, painfully, reaches over to Gerry as if to find comfort in holding his hand as he draws his last breath. Gerry shakes him off and, his movements stilting and awkward, he rolls on top of him, struggling, not with a hug but with a fraughtful busrt of energy to strangle him. He then lays still. After a while he gets up and walks in another direction, leaving dead Gerry, seeing moving forms on the horizon. We see the vast unbearable landscape move by quickly, no longer within it we are safely on the outside now, in a car. Gerry is sunburnt and dead-eyed, he turns to look at the young boy sitting in the backseat with him, looking out the window.
tt0115744
Comedy,Drama,Romance
During the opening credits a brass band plays Death or Glory as the grimy coal miners return from the depths of the earth at the conclusion of their shift and head for their locker room to shower the coal dust from their bodies (but not from their lungs). As they leave the colliery, they wave at their neighbors who are keeping vigil outside the mines property protesting the anticipated closure of the pits. As the music ends Gloria Mullins (Tara Fitzgerald) enters a boarding house, The Lantern, with her luggage. The house-lady notices Gloria is carrying a horn case a flugelhorn which she calls a flugel. She had hoped to do some practicing. Not wanting her to disturb her other boarders, the house-lady suggests Gloria find the Grimley Colliery Bands rehearsal hall. She is certain the band would welcome a lovely young lady. Gloria has been sent to her old hometown by the British Coal Board to prepare a report on the Grimley mine. In the next scene, Vera (Sue Johnston) and Ida (Mary Healey) talk about their husbands, Jim (Philip Jackson) and Ernie (Peter Martin), playing in the band again. One laments if the pit closes the band will also fold. Jim and Ernie, a couple of tuba players, head for band rehearsal, but agree to tell Danny (Pete Postlethwaite), the groups director, that under the current economic conditions they cant afford the bands dues, so they will resign. Dannys son, Phil (Stephen Tompkinson), a trombonist in the band, is badly in debt and his wife, Sandra (Melanie Hill), hounds him to take the redundancy money that is being offered like others have done in other coal mining communities. Phil makes a little extra money as Mr. Chuckles, the clown, at birthday parties. His father picks Phil up on his bicycle on the way to band rehearsal. On the way, Danny sings his part to The Floral Dance and when they arrive, the band rehearses the piece. When the number concludes, Danny berates the groups playing as a load of bloody crap. The players contend their minds are distracted by the threat of the pit closing you cant have a colliery band without a colliery. Just as Danny is passing the hat for the weekly dues, Gloria walks through the door of the rehearsal hall. She tells them the lady at the boarding house had suggested they might let her practice with them. Danny politely tells her they dont allow outsiders, but Gloria responds that she is originally from Grimley and her grandfather was a former conductor of the band. Under those circumstances, she is welcome to rehearse with the group. She sits next to Andy (Ewan McGregor), but apparently doesnt immediately recognize him as one of her former romances. The flugel she plays is inherited from her grandfather. Danny cant wait to hear it played again and asks what she knows. She has been practicing Rodrigos Concerto Aranjuez (Concierto de Aranjuez), so they immediately rehearse the number with Gloria as soloist (dubbed by Paul Hughes). At the end of the piece everyone is suitably impressed. Jim and Ernie give in and contribute their dues. Later, their wives are convinced their husbands change of heart is due to a beautiful young woman joining the band. Gloria is invited to join the band for fourteen contests in fourteen villages the following day. It is a chance for the band to make some money towards their expenses. The next day as Danny is preparing to leave, he has a coughing attack and spits up blood the first sign of pneumoconiosis or what is more commonly known as black lung, an affliction caused by inhaling coal dust for many years. At a union meeting, Phil complains that he was one of the strikers back in 1984, and as a result, he was suspended. It took a year and a half to get reinstated. He hasnt been able to get out of debt in the decade since. The workers must vote the following week on whether to accept the redundancy offer or for a review procedure, which is the option their union representatives are pushing. They feel thats the only chance to keep the pit open. When the band arrives at the first village, all the bands march through the town playing March of the Cobblers. The winner of the competition at Dobcross is the Yorkshire Building Society Band, so the Grimley group moves on to Uppermill Village; the winner there is Delph Band. At Diggle the winner is Fairleys Band; at Lees it is Brighouse & Rastrick Band, and things get worse for Grimley. Ernie, who like the others has downed several beers, plays behind the beat and Phils ancient trombone comes apart. (The same music continues throughout this entire sequence.) Back in Grimley, Danny reprimands the players for their lackadaisical attitude towards the band and its history of excellence. He is certain if they play up to their potential they can win the regional competition and advance to Royal Albert Hall in London for the finals. During this meeting, Harry (Jim Carter), one of the euphonium players, speaks for the other members: they will agree to continue with the band until the pit closes, but when that happens they will pack it in. After everyone else has left the practice hall, Phil returns to give his father some reassurance. Danny encourages him to purchase a new trombone to replace his instrument that keeps falling apart, but Phil cant afford a better instrument. During their conversation, Phil notices his fathers bloody handkerchief and recognizes the sign. When Andy and Gloria go to dinner together at In Cod We Trust Andy confronts Gloria that she works for management. She claims she wants the pit to remain open and can help the situation with her report. He is skeptical that her report will do any good: Its just a bloody PR exercise. Theyve already made their decision while you were at bloody college. However, the two of them reconcile their differences. Later as he is walking her home, she admits is remembered him but didnt want him to think he was etched forever on her brain. Then, she invites him up for some coffee he doesnt drink coffee and she doesnt really have any coffee to offer. The following sequence shows Andy and some other lads going to work, Gloria working on her report, the miners voting, scenes down in the dingy depths of the mine, and some workers returning from the mine and bathing to rid themselves of layers of coal dust. Gloria asks her boss if her report is immaterial, but he assures her that it is vital, especially if the workers vote for review. Soon, some of the other band members notice managements logo on Glorias key ring and accuse Andy of screwing management its about time, they say, management has been screwing them for years. Next, we see Phil as Mr. Chuckles at a childrens birthday party. He isnt a very good clown and most of his tricks go awry. He uses the money he makes to purchase a used trombone at a pawn shop, but when he arrives at home, some men are repossessing their TV set. If he doesnt pay what he owes, they threaten to return with a truck and repossess the entire contents of his house. Phil fights one of the men and ends up with several scrapes and cuts. When Sandra realizes Phil has purchased a trombone when they dont have enough money for food, she is speechless. As the band loads onto the bus for the next competition, Andy wont speak to Gloria. The next competition is the Yorkshire Area Qualifying Contest for the National Brass Band Championship. The band plays Florentiner March and they win! During their performance the film shows Sandra finding the ticket where Phil had paid $50 towards the trombone, but still owes $250. We also see the announcement of the vote results at the mine, which were overwhelmingly for redundancy and Glorias boss smiling when he receives a phone call about the vote. True to their word, the men return with a truck to repossess the contents of Phils and Sandras house. When the band returns to Grimley, they see funeral wreaths and crudely painted signs like We Fought and Lost. To make matters worse, Danny collapses as he is walking home and is taken to the hospital. Ernie makes it plain to Gloria that the band members, including Andy, dont want her around. Then matters get even worse for Phil; he arrives home just in time to see Sandra leaving with their four children. As Danny lies semi-conscious in his hospital bed, the band gathers on the hospital lawn to serenade their colleague with a beautiful arrangement of Danny Boy. Andy, who had lost his horn playing pool, whistles his part. When the serenade ends, a nurse tells them Danny is conscious, so several of his best buddies visit and present him with a new conducting baton. The next day Gloria confronts her boss again. She questions if her reports that will never be read or considered. She also claims the Grimley pit has been profitable. And, she wonders if the decision to close the mine had been made weeks earlier. When her boss admits the decision was made two years ago, she throws her report at him and stalks out of his office. When she tells Andy that she told management to stuff it and is as unemployed as he is, he admits her heart was in the right place, but still cant get past her working for management. He also tells her the band isnt going to the National Finals because it costs too much. Later Phil goes to the hospital, but when his father gives him the manuscript of a new arrangement he had stayed up all night writing, he doesnt have the heart to tell him the band had broken up. To make a little money, Phil appears as Mr. Chuckles at a Harvest Festival party for children at a church, but, in one of the films darkest scenes, he scares the children by ranting about the Tories and Margaret Thatcher. He says, So God was creating man. And his little assistant came up to him and he said: Hey, weve got all these bodies left, but were right out of brains, were right out of hearts and were right out of vocal cords. And God said Smack smiles on the faces and make them talk out of their arses. And lo, God created the Tory Party. Later, Phil, still dressed in his clown outfit, attempts suicide by hanging himself from the mines riggings. Even though Danny was half asleep, he recognizes Mr. Chuckles huge clown feet as Phil is rolled past his room. Danny immediately gets out of bed to see what had happened. When he asks Phil why he attempted to kill himself, he explains he has lost everything: his wife, kids, job, and self-respect. During this conversation, he finally finds the guts to tell his father that the band members have packed it in. The next day while several of the band members are drinking beer and talking about breaking Dannys heart, Gloria enters the pub and presents them with a $3,000 bank account to pay for the trip to the National Finals. Andy quickly wins back his horn in a pool match and Phil leaves a note for his father at the hospital: Were Going. The entire village turns out to see the band off to London. During the bus trip into London and their arrival at Albert Hall, we hear Clog Dance. Just as the band is preparing to play at Finals, the nurse discovers that Danny has left the hospital. Harry conducts the band in the competition as they play a stirring rendition of the William Tell Overture. About half way through the number, Danny appears behind the band and Harry calls Phils attention to his father (Phil also notices his wife and children in the audience). Grimley is announced as the winner. Danny steps forward and tells the audience they are refusing the trophy. As much as he thought winning the trophy and music were the most important things, hes discovered that its human beings that matter. He berates the government that over the last ten years has systematically destroyed an entire industry. Our industry! And not just our industry our communities, our homes, our lives. All in the name of progress. And for a few lousy bob. As they leave the stage, even though Danny had said they were refusing it, Harry retrieves the trophy. During a celebratory double-deck bus ride through the streets of London, Gloria accuses Yorkshire men of hiding their feelings, so Andy takes the challenge and kisses her. As they pass the parliament building, Danny says, Lets make them listen for a change. Land of Hope and bloody Glory, eh? (Sir Edward Elgars Pomp and Circumstance). From the top of the bus the band plays an emotion packed rendition of Pomp and Circumstance, which continues during the closing credits.
tt0082948
Comedy
Philip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is the 15-year-old son of a rich widowed and sexualy active businessman in Albuquerque who has left town on an extended summer "business" trip, leaving the young man in the passing care of Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel), a sexy French housekeeper, and Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), the family's chauffeur. Philly becomes infatuated with Nicole. One evening, when she spots him peeping into her room, she tells him to close her door. To Philly's utter shock, she means for him to close her door from the inside and then watch her undress. However, it is too much for him when a topless Nicole asks him to touch her breasts. When he objects, she steps back and instead takes off her underwear. Philly panics and leaves. Later on, he is surprised to find her in his father's bathtub. Once again to his amazement, she asks him to join her. He objects, but she keeps sweet-talking him until he finally gives in. However, he decides to wear boxer shorts. Once in the bathtub, she spoons and kisses him from behind. When she tries to take off his boxers from behind, he insists that she off the lights first. But once she reaches for his private area, he again panics and rushes out. She follows him to apologize, kisses him and directly invites him to sleep with her, the sexual element of which he fails to comprehend at first. After they flirt in a movie theater the following day, he gives in but backs down when she reacts without fondness to the notion of marrying him. One day later, she tells him she guesses they can at least date for a while. After they flirt during their first date in a restaurant, they return home and have sex. Nicole is revealed as an illegal immigrant; Lester is using this secret to blackmail her into helping him in a larger blackmail scheme against Philly to swindle him out of his inheritence. Lester intends that Nicole seduce Philly then fake her own death during intercourse. Lester then "helps" the panicked Philly to secretly bury Nicole. Her body later disappears, and a note orders Philly to steal $10,000 from his father's bank account to prevent exposure of his role in Nicole's "death". When Nicole has second thoughts, Lester threatens to also expose her as a child molester. Nicole has truly fallen in love with Philly, and she reveals the truth to him. Philly decides to get back at Lester by convincing his school tennis coach (Ed Begley, Jr.) to pose as a police detective and intimidate Lester with questions about Nicole's disappearance. Lester panics but is caught with the money before he can flee the country. Nicole and Philly return the money to the safe, but they decide not to expose Lester's treachery. In turn, he reluctantly decides not to expose Nicole's illegal alien status nor her acts of child molestation, and as a result, he keeps his job. Nicole fears that Philly's father will eventually discover their affair, and decides to leave. Before she does, she and Philly have sex one last time. A few weeks later, summer comes to an end. Philly returns to high school. In homeroom class he thanks his teacher for advising him to pursue girls whose age is more appropriate for him, and successfully asks her out to dinner.
tt0108065
Biography,Drama
Searching for Bobby Fischer was inspired by the life of chess prodigy Josh Waitzkin, as written by his father Fred Waitzkin. Josh (Max Pomeranc) is a "regular kid" who begins evincing signs of being a genius at chess. His father (Joe Mantegna) encourages this, hoping that it won't fundamentally change his son's healthy outlook on life. But Josh is taken under the wing of cold-blooded chess instructor Bruce Pandolfini (Ben Kingsley), who indoctrinates the boy in the "Bobby Fischer" strategy. Unfortunately, Pandolfini emphasizes all of Fischer's negative traits, especially his contempt for his opponents. Josh is in danger throughout the film of sacrificing his essential decency, but in a rousing conclusion, the boy is able to successfully blend ruthless competition with good sportsmanship. ~ Hal Erickson, All Movie Guide
tt0098577
Comedy,Horror
Peter Loew [Nicholas Cage] is a successful business executive but he's having difficulty with his personal relationships and so he consults with a psychologist, Dr Glaser [Elizabeth Ashley]. Then Loew meets Rachel [Jennifer Beals], a vampire. As Loew becomes more and more dependent on Rachel's 'kisses', it appears that he is turning into a vampire, too. The sun hurts his eyes, he eats a bug, he sleeps under his overturned couch, and the sight of a cross makes him cringe. He harrasses his secretary Alva [Maria Conchita Alonso] mercilessly, and when he rapes her and she shoots him with her gun (with blanks), Loew is certain that he is now a vampire. He buys plastic teeth, eats a pigeon, and goes to a disco where he murders a girl and drinks her blood. But when he sees Rachel, she spurns him. Now the story splits into two parts--Lowe's reality and his fantasy. In his fantasy, Loew visits Dr Glaser who absolves him of rape and murder. In reality, Loew is standing on a street corner, blood on his shirt, talking to a cornerstone. In his fantasy, Loew goes home with his new girlfriend, has a fight with her and crawls under his couch-coffin. In reality, Alva's brother comes looking for him. In fantasy, Loew holds a stake to his chest. In reality, Alva's brother pushes down on the stake. The stake pierces Loew's heart. But is this Loew's fantasy or his reality?
tt0097858
Comedy,Music,Musical
The eponymous 'Meet the Feebles' theatre troupe is rehearsing the title song with hopes of finding success through being picked up for a syndicated television show. Heidi the Hippo, the star of the show, is insulted by Trevor (a pornographic director) and complains to her boss and lover, Bletch, who is actually in an adulterous relationship with Samantha. Meanwhile, Robert, the new member of the team, arrives at the theatre, and quickly falls in love with Lucille, another newcomer. Samantha confronts Heidi, insults her, and reveals her relationship with Bletch. Robert confesses his love to Lucille, and the two become engaged. Sidney, Arthur's friend and member of the team, receives a visit from his former wife Sandy with his alleged son Seymour (Seymour comically resembles Sidney very strongly). Sandy informs him she will be preparing a paternity case against him. At a toilet in the mens room, the second most important star of the show, Harry, is suffering from a mystery disease. Meanwhile, Wynyard (the drug addicted knife thrower) tells Robert his story of Vietnam, and convinces Robert to give him $50 to buy drugs from Trevor. After seeing Trevor's latest porno film, Bletch decides they need a new porn star, and Trevor chooses Lucille; he drugs her and tries to rape her as an audition but is caught by Robert. When he walks in on the scene Robert thinks that Lucille was drinking and throwing herself at Trevor, and tells her he never wants to see her again. The last part of the film takes place during the prime-time show. After a good beginning (they sign with a TV chain), Bletch confesses to Heidi that he actually hates her and wants to give the main role to Samantha. After trying unsuccessfully to attempt suicide, Heidi goes on a shooting spree and kills many of the cast. The whole film is told concurrently among all of these sub-plotline stories happening along with the action. Love Triangle A distraught Heidi runs to Bletch after being insulted by Trevor. Bletch is having sex with Samantha, but hides the tryst. Although Bletch is physically disgusted by Heidi, he insincerely comforts her since he needs her talent on the show. Later Samantha insults Heidi, claiming Bletch really wants Samantha. Distraught, Heidi drowns her sorrows by eating an entire chocolate cake, as she reminisces about her past romance with Bletch in a black-and-white flashback to her days as a lounge singer. Flatulence caused by the cake causes Heidi to lay waste to the set during the rehearsal of a feature number; Sebastian then lambasts her. Heidi rushes to Bletch for emotional affirmation, but he is unable to spare her the sight of Samantha performing oral sex on him. Heidi locks herself in her room and refuses to perform, but relents after Bletch has make-up sex with her. Heidi's performance helps secure the Feebles a syndicated series. Shortly afterwards, Heidi attempts to seduce Bletch in his office, but Bletch completely disowns her since Samantha is now to be the star of the show. Unfortunately, Bletch is unaware of Heidi's extremely fragile mental state. Robert and Lucille Robert shows up for his first day as a cast member, and is accosted by the Fly, who tries to corrupt Robert into informing on the cast. Arthur rescues Robert and shows him around, where Robert sees Lucille for the first time. Although he is romantically terrified of her at first, he later summons up enough courage to ask her out and they fall in love. Later Trevor drugs Lucille (to manipulate her into performing in his pornographic films). Robert walks in on the drugging, but misinterprets it as Lucille's decision, and disowns her for being a drunk. They make up later after Robert saves her from Heidi's crazed gun rampage, and eventually get married. The Big One Dennis is shown peeping on Harry in a threesome with two female rabbits. Harry feels physically ill after this episode and is accosted by the Fly, who assumes he has a sexually transmittable disease (STD) and wants to publish the scandal. Dr. Quack diagnoses Harry with "The Big One". The Fly publishes the scandal in a local tabloid - to the dismay of Bletch, who presumably wants to avoid negative press on the cast. Trevor lures the Fly into the bathroom, where Bletch tears his wings off and flushes the Fly down the toilet. After vomiting all over the stage in the live performance, he finally learns that he only has 'bunny pox'. Unfortunately, while rejoicing in the news that "The Big One" will not cause his death, Harry's head is blown apart by a gunshot during Heidi's rampage. Sexcapades Trevor is shooting a porn film in the basement with the Masked Masochist and Madam Bovine. They are interrupted by Robert, who mistakes the scene for torture and tries to save the cow, who in turn accidentally crushes the Masked Masochist, suffocating him. Trevor later replaces him with Dennis (who has a snout resembling male genitalia) to perform 'nasal sex' on Madam Bovine. Drug Running Trevor is approached by a sniveling Wynyard looking for his fix, but the drugs have not yet been delivered. Bletch is later shown on a golf course consummating a deal with Cedric. However, after testing on Dennis, the drugs provided by Cedric turn out to be household borax, infuriating Bletch. Louie, Cedric's agent, is literally liquefied after being force-fed some of the borax by Bletch's henchmen. Bletch and his cronies venture to the docklands to fight Cedric and his crab-crewmen. Bletch's side prevails after killing Cedric and the crabs, maneuvering past a huge spider, and driving through the insides of Cedric's boss Mr. Big. However, Barry's head is eaten by the spider. When the drugs finally arrive at the theatre, Wynyard is finally able to get his fix, which puts him into a stupor. The Show While the cast performs an opera number, Sebastian lambastes Robert for not acting his part as an extra on the stage. As punishment, he assigns Robert the task of replacing Wynyard's assistant, who has just been killed by Wynyard's knife throwing while going through drug withdrawal. Wynyard guilt-trips Robert into giving him money for drugs, after telling him a horror story about his time in Vietnam (shown as a flashback parodying The Deer Hunter). He eventually gets his fix from Trevor and injects himself into a deep slumber. The acts gradually disintegrate - Heidi nearly destroys the set by botching a swing, the Indian mystic incapacitates himself by contorting his head into his rectum, and Sid's tribble-like pets are crushed by a barrel. Seeing his show in shambles, Sebastian tries to convince Bletch to feature his personal performance, the sexually explicit number 'Sodomy'. This is summarily rejected by Bletch, who physically throws Sebastian out of his office. Sebastian decides to use the number anyway and performs it in front of the live audience, to Bletch's horror. The Elephant and the Chicken Sandy accuses Sid of being the father of their chicken-elephant baby, to his dismay and denial. During the live show, Sandy again accosts Sid on stage with the paternity suit. During a later tragic crossfire scene, Sid braves the crazed Heidi's automatic fire to save his baby. His heroism costs the elephant two bloody knee wounds, and he accidentally crushes Sandy's shot-off head after it squawks out one final invective. The Climax While the live show is proceeding elsewhere, Heidi attempts suicide by hanging, but her weight breaks the chandelier from the ceiling and she falls through the floor. She makes her way to Bletch's machine gun and tries to kill herself, but at the last moment, Samantha shows up and taunts her. Heidi responds by killing Samantha. Meanwhile Wynyard, in a drugged stupor, tries to kill Robert before accidentally killing himself. Sebastian does his "Sodomy" number, while Heidi rampages over the entire set on a killing spree. She finally finds Bletch and pumps many rounds into him as well. Bletch lies to Heidi about loving her and orders Trevor to kill her. However, Robert swings in just in the nick of time to kick Trevor, saving Heidi. Heidi then literally blows Bletch's brain out. Realizing that she killed her love, she gives up her gun and sadly sings "Garden of Love", leading into the epilogue in which the fates of the six only known survivors are shown.
tt0073747
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
Joanna Eberhart (Katharine Ross) is a young wife who moves with her husband Walter (Peter Masterson) and two children from New York City to the idyllic Connecticut suburb of Stepford. Loneliness quickly sets in as Joanna, a mildly rebellious aspiring photographer, finds the women in town all look great and are obsessed with housework, but have few intellectual interests. The men all belong to the clubbish Stepford Men's Association, which Walter joins to Joanna's dismay. Neighbor Carol Van Sant's (Nanette Newman) sexually submissive behavior to her husband Ted, and her odd, repetitive behavior after a car accident also strike Joanna as unusual. Things start to look up when she makes friends with another newcomer to town, sloppy, irrepressible Bobbie Markowe (Paula Prentiss). Along with glossy trophy wife Charmaine Wimperis (Tina Louise), they organize a Women's Lib consciousness raising session, but the meeting is a failure when the other wives hijack the meeting with cleaning concerns. Joanna is also unimpressed by the boorish Men's Club members, including intimidating president Dale "Dis" Coba (Patrick O'Neal); stealthily, they collect information on Joanna including her picture, her voice, and other personal details. When Charmaine turns overnight from a languid, self-concerned tennis fan into an industrious, devoted wife, Joanna and Bobbie start investigating, with ever-increasing concern, the reason behind the submissive and bland behavior of the other wives, especially when they learn they were once quite supportive of liberal social policies. Spooked, Bobbie and Joanna start house hunting in other towns, and later, Joanna wins a prestigious contract with a photo gallery with some photographs of their respective children. When she excitedly tells Bobbie her good news, Joanna is shocked to find her freewheeling and liberal friend has abruptly changed into another clean, conservative housewife, with no intention of moving from town. Joanna panics and at the insistence of Walter, visits a psychiatrist where she voices her belief that all the men in the town are behind a conspiracy of somehow changing the women. The psychiatrist recommends she leave town until she feels safe, but when Joanna returns home, the children are missing. The marriage devolves into domestic violence when Joanna and Walter get in to a physical scuffle. In an attempt to find her children, she hypothesizes Bobbie may be caring for them. Joanna, still mystified by Bobbie's behavior, is desperate to prove her humanity but intuitively stabs Bobbie with a kitchen knife. But Bobbie doesn't bleed or suffer, instead going into a loop of odd mechanical behavior, thus revealing she is a robot. Despite feeling she may be the next victim, Joanna sneaks into the mansion which houses the Men's Association to find her children. There, she finds the mastermind of the whole operation, Dale "Dis" Coba, and eventually her own robot-duplicate. Joanna is shocked into paralysis when she witnesses its soulless, black, empty eyes. It is then suggested that the Joanna-duplicate strangles the real Joanna. In the final scene, the duplicate is seen placidly purchasing groceries at the local supermarket, along with the other "wives" all wearing similar long dresses, large hats and saying little more than hello to each other. The final shot focuses on Joanna's now-finished eyes.
tt0085271
Sci-Fi,Thriller
DOUGLAS TRUMBALL (of 2001: a space odyssey, Special Effects fame,) directs this 70MM Dolby Stereo Sci-Fi classic. A Team of Scientists, work on a machine that records and plays back the primary 5 senses. At first, it is just bulky 'entertainment.' During its miniturization, the Military Implications, outweigh the entertainment function, and while the scientists balk at the military takeover of their project; they can't help but continue following their curiosity, until one of the scientists suffers a fatal heart attack, while recording it on the machine. The military develops a mental torture aspect, and the remaining scientist use the device to try to patch things up in their already tortured relationship...Who will get final control of Brainstorm?
tt0095655
Action,Crime,Fantasy
The movie starts with Michael Jackson singing his hit song "Man in the Mirror." After that song is over a montage starts of Michael as a kid and works it's way up to present day. After the montage is over, the music video for "Bad" is being remade by various child performers with the name "Badder." After the video is over, the young Michael is walking out of the builiding he is in. Outside, a claymation tourbus pulls up to the builiding. A large cloud of mist is seen on both sides of the builiding and when young Michael walks through, he turns back into present day Michael. The people in the tourbus spots him and begin to chase him. After awhile of chasing, Michael accidently runs into an area where they are filming a movie. The director yells at him and the two actors decide to chase him as well. Michael manages to hide in a wardrobe room and sneak out dressed as a bunny, riding away on a bicycle. The paparazzi soon realize what happened and begin to chase Michael again. Michael's bike shifts into a Harley-Davidson motorcycle and the music video for "Speed Demon" begins. After Michael is sure he has lost his fans he stops in the desert and take off his bunny suit and sets in on a rock. He starts to walk away when something taps him on the shoulder. The bunny suit has come alive and it seems to challenge Michael to a dance contest. After a little dancing, a police officer taps Michael on the shoulder and gives him a ticket, Michael also noticed that the bunny has vanished. Michael gets on his motercycle and just before he rides away, the mountain in front of him takes shape of the bunny and winks at him. Michael smiles back and drives away. Then the music video for "Leave Me Alone" starts. Once the "Leave Me Alone" segment is over, the quite rare, very long "Smooth Criminal" video begins. We see a full moon and three little kids on a rooftop looking at a builiding. Sean (Sean Lennon), Katie (Kellie Parker), and Zeke (Brandon Quintin Adams). Michael steps out of the builiding they are looking at and looks up at the sky. Then we see someone cracking a peanut in his hands, and Michael looks over to them and dodges quickly as henchmen start shooting at him. The two boys in fright, run away, and Katie stays behind frozen. She starts shouting Michael's name and then we go to a flashback. We see Katie, Sean, and Zeke playing in a field with a soccer ball and along with Katie's dog Skipper. Someone kicks the ball and Skipper runs over, picks it up with his mouth and runs into the woods. Michael goes to look for him and Katie comes along with him. They call out to Skipper who is no where to be seen. They soon find a section of the woods covered with nothing but spiderwebs and locate a secret tunnel inside a rock. They both follow it trying to be as quiet as possible. When they see people, they stop on a staircase and look to see what they are talking about. They overhear someone who plans to get every child in the world hooked on drugs. The villan identifies himself as Franky LiDeo (Joe Pesci). Named Mr. Big for short. Katie sees a spider about to crawl on her arm and starts to scream. Mr. Big sees them and sends his gunmen after them. We go back to the building where Michael is trying to dodge the bullets being shot at him. After the gunmen stop shooting, we see that Michael has gotten away and is running for his life. Katie notices this and runs off the building to find her two friends. After a while of running, Michael is cornered in a dead end and Mr. Big and his guards go to kill him when Michael's lucky star goes by. His lucky star can make him do anything or turn into anything. Michael turns himself into a super fast car and speeds past his enemies, escaping. We now see Katie entering an abandoned club, and Sean and Zeke are both hiding there and greet her. They all claim Michael told them to meet him there earlier. They leave the club to make sure they are at the right place, and they run behind a fence when they hear someone coming. Katie looks over and sees Michael transforming back into human form. She is in shock and after she gets better, they all look up and see him entering the club. A burst of white light flashes and Michael enters. It turns out to be a lively, crowded, gangster-infested 1930s American nightclub. Michael is surprised by this, and everyone in there is surprised to see him. Michael feels it is his job to entertain them, and so, he performs his hit song, "Smooth Criminal". Despite the fact that the song "Smooth Criminal" is four minutes and seventeen seconds, this scene is dragged out to be about ten minutes long. Towards the end of Michael's exciting performance, Katie is kidnapped by Mr. Big while Sean and Zeke are still hiding behind the fence. Michael runs out to find what happened and they all go looking for her. They find Mr. Big's lair and enter trying to be as quiet as possible. Sean and Zeke stop while Michael goes ahead. Then a metal door closes behind him, separating them. Michael runs to the center of the room and the boys go to the roof. A spotlight hits Michael and follows him until he is cornered. Then all the gunmen come out and point their guns at him, and two guards go infront of him. We hear Katie screaming as she is coming up an elevator. Mr. Big has a hold of her and is hitting her several times. Michael tries to go to her but the guards hold him back. Mr. Big reveals that he "just wants to get everybod high, " and is about to inject Katie with a drug when she scratches his face and runs to Michael. At the same time, the guard takes the back of his gun, hits Michael once in the stomach and once in the face. Giving him a concussion. Mr. Big catches Katie and pulls her back, turns Michael over and kicks him once in the chest. Michael is on the floor in pain and Katie tries to crawl away but is stoppped, Mr. Big orders the men to kill her first. Michael screams at him to leave her alone when his lucky star flies by and he transforms into a giant robot! Mr. Big manages to escape after Michael has killed all of the guards. Including the guard that was keeping Sean and Zeke on the roof. Michael then turns himself into a space ship and kills Mr. Big when he tries to kill him with a cannon. The kids are confused as to why they were left behind and say goodbye to Michael as he flies away thinking they would never see him again. We then see the kids sitting on a bench in the street saying how much they miss him. Katie gets up to sit in a corner and she says to herself that she wishes he would come back. Just then we see mist and Michael appears out of nowhere. They all see him and run to him in happiness. He tells them to follow him and he leads them to the club, informing them that there is a surprise in store. Once again, a burst of white light flashes when they enter. It is at this point, when the quite rare, very long "Smooth Criminal" video ends, and the "Come Together" sequence begins. This is where the kids get Skipper back, and Michael performs his closing song "Come Together."
tt0090830
Drama,Romance
Somewhere in pastoral New England, an idealistic young teacher, James Leeds (William Hurt), is appointed to the faculty at a state school for the deaf. Given his three years in the Peace Corps and deep interest in his students' lives, in comes as not much of a surprise when he starts getting involved in the life of Sarah Norman (Marlee Matlin). He first sees Sarah working as a janitor and yelling (via sign language) at a cook, and subsequently learns that Sarah is a bit of an outcast at the school. The teachers don't know what to do with her, but James tries to build a relationship with her anyway. James slowly manages to crack Sarah's icy façade, and she finally accepts a dinner invitation. It becomes quickly clear that Sarah is highly resistant to speaking aloud, despite James' encouragement to do so. Although she claims that it's because she already uses sign language, James suspects a deeper reason. James gets a chance to talk to Sarah's mother, Mrs. Norman (Piper Laurie) and learns that Sarah and her sister Ruth were once popular with their male classmates, but simply because these boys wanted only sex. Because of this impersonal treatment, Sarah now mistrusts any hearing man, and would rather not deal with anyone in general. James claims he isn't like the others, but Sarah doesn't trust him. Everything changes when James finds Sarah swimming naked in the school pool; he joins her in the pool and quickly begin a romantic relationship. Soon they are living together, which causes the school dean to warn James that this relationship will ultimately fail. James disregards this advice and continues on with Sarah. Hurdles begin to arise for them, however. For example, James arranges for his students to perform a choreographed dance, which for some unknown reason makes Sarah angry. Sarah later reveals that this is due, in part, to her thinking that James despises her for not speaking. Despite some emotional bonds, James' focus on getting Sarah to speak begins to annoy Sarah, and - again - she feels like he's looking down on her for not speaking. In short, between Sarah's angst and childhood traumas, and James's fundamental inability as a hearing person to appreciate the life of a deaf person, the couple reaches a breaking point in which Sarah finally speaks (her only spoken line in the film), basically saying, "Here! I'm finally speaking! Is that what you wanted?" (See the movie quotes for the actual quote). Sarah goes to live with her mother and in the process rebuilds that long-estranged relationship, and finds a job as a manicurist in the meantime. James continues to pursue her but she rebuffs all his attempts. Finally, Sarah and James reunite in a pivotal scene in the school gym. We are left with the impression that they're going to try this relationship again, this time with new knowledge about the other that will help make it successful.
tt0073440
Comedy,Drama,Music
The overarching plot takes place over five days leading up to a political rally for Replacement Party candidate Hal Phillip Walker, who is never seen throughout the entire movie. The story follows 24 characters roaming around Nashville, in search of some sort of goal through their own (often overlapping) story arcs. Day One The film opens with a campaign van for presidential candidate Hal Phillip Walker driving around Nashville as an external loudspeaker blares Walker's folksy political aphorisms and vaguely anti-establishment populism. This is juxtaposed with country superstar Haven Hamilton (Henry Gibson) recording an overblown patriotic song ("200 Years") intended to commemorate the upcoming Bicentennial, and growing irritated with the accompanying musicians in the studio. A young Englishwoman named Opal (Geraldine Chaplin), who claims to be working on a radio documentary for the BBC, appears in the studio but is told to leave by Haven. Down the hall from Haven's session is Linnea Reese (Lily Tomlin), a white gospel singer recording a song with a black choir. Later that day, the beloved country singer Barbara Jean (Ronee Blakley) is returning to Nashville, having recovered from a burn accident, and the elite of Nashville's music scene, including Haven Hamilton and his companion Lady Pearl (Barbara Baxley), have converged on Berry Field to greet her plane as it arrives. Also present are Pfc. Glenn Kelly (Scott Glenn) and the folk/rock trio "Bill, Mary, and Tom" whose catchy hit song "It Don't Worry Me" seems to be on everybody's lips. They are in town to record their second album. Bill (Allan F. Nicholls) and Mary (Cristina Raines) are married, but largely unhappy, partly due to the fact that Mary is in love with womanizing Tom (Keith Carradine). Meanwhile, Mr. Green (Keenan Wynn) arrives at the airport to pick up his niece, Martha (Shelley Duvall), who has renamed herself "L.A. Joan", a teenage groupie who has come to Nashville ostensibly to visit her aunt Esther Green who is sick in the hospital. However, Martha repeatedly puts off visiting her aunt in favor of chasing after musicians or pretty much any male she comes across, including the oddball motorcyclist known as "Tricycle Man," (Jeff Goldblum). Working at the airport restaurant are African-American cook Wade Cooley (Robert DoQui), and his pretty waitress friend, Sueleen Gay (Gwen Welles), an aspiring country singer who refuses to recognize that she can't carry a tune. After greeting the crowds on the tarmac, Barbara Jean faints due to the heat, and her handlers, headed by her domineering husband-manager Barnett (Allen Garfield), rush her to the hospital. Barbara Jean's appearance having been cut short, those in attendance depart the airport in a rush, and wind up stranded on the highway after a pile-up occurs. During the commotion, Winifred (Barbara Harris), an aspiring country singer who has chosen the stage name "Albuquerque," runs away from her husband, Star (Bert Remsen), after he refuses to take her to the Grand Ole Opry. Star gives a ride to Kenny Frasier (David Hayward), a nondescript, bespectacled young man who has just arrived in town carrying a violin case. Opal takes advantage of the traffic jam to interview first Linnea and then Tommy Brown (Timothy Brown), an African-American country singer who is performing at the Opry. Tommy and his entourage later go to Lady Pearl's nightclub, but Wade, who is drinking and trying to pick up white girls at the bar, insults Tommy for acting too "white" and starts a fight. Linnea's husband, Del Reese (Ned Beatty) is working with political organizer John Triplette (Michael Murphy) to plan a small fundraiser and a large outdoor concert gala for the Walker campaign. Sueleen appears at a local club's open mike night in a provocative outfit, and despite her lack of singing ability, club manager Trout (Merle Kilgore) recommends her to Triplette for the fundraiser based on her appearance. Winifred shows up at Trout's club trying to recruit musicians to record a demo with her, but Star sees her and chases her out. Del invites Triplette for a family dinner with Linnea and their two deaf children. Linnea and Del are having communications problems and she focuses on the children rather than on him. In the middle of dinner, Tom calls trying to make a date with Linnea, but she puts him off, so he takes Opal back to his room instead. Pfc. Kelly sneaks into Barbara Jean's hospital room and sits in the chair by her bed all night, watching her sleep. Day Two Tom calls Linnea again but, with Del listening on the other line, Linnea yells at Tom and tells him not to call her any more. Kenny rents a room from Mr. Green. Haven Hamilton throws a pre-show party at his house before the evening's Grand Ole Opry performance. At the party, Opal talks to Haven's son Bud (Dave Peel) who tells her, unconvincingly, that he is happy to act as his father's business manager and has no musical ambitions of his own. Under Opal's prodding, Bud starts to sing her a song he wrote, a tender love ballad, but Opal departs in a rush when she spots a movie star among the guests. Lady Pearl talks about her love for John and Bobby Kennedy, the only politicians she ever admired. Triplette tries to persuade Haven to perform at the Walker gala by telling him that if Walker is elected, Walker would back Haven for Governor of Tennessee. Haven says he'll give Triplette his decision after the Opry show that night. At Opryland USA, the Grand Ole Opry broadcast begins with Tommy Brown ("Bluebird") and Haven Hamilton ("For the Sake of the Children", "Keep a-Goin"). Haven then introduces Connie White (Karen Black) as a substitute for the hospitalized Barbara Jean. Connie sings "Memphis" and "I Don't Know If I Found It in You" while Barbara Jean and Barnett listen morosely on the radio in her hospital room. Winifred tries unsuccessfully to get backstage. Barbara Jean and Barnett have an argument because he is going to the after-show gathering to thank Connie for substituting at the last minute. Barbara Jean doesn't want him to go, and he suggests in an accusatory tone that she may be headed for another nervous breakdown. Barnett finally calms down Barbara Jean and goes to the after-party at a nightclub, but Connie doesn't seem happy to see him. Connie takes the stage ("Rolling Stone") but the disgruntled Barnett criticizes her performance. Lady Pearl regales Opal with stories about the Kennedy brothers, rendering Opal for once speechless. Haven tells Triplette that Barbara Jean and Connie never appear on the same stage, and that he (Haven) will appear anyplace Barbara Jean also appears. Bill gets upset when his wife Mary doesn't show up all evening, and he confesses to chauffeur Norman (David Arkin), that he suspects her of having an affair. Mary, in bed with Tom, keeps whispering "I Love You," but Tom doesn't respond. Day Three It is Sunday morning and the characters are shown attending various local church services. A Roman Catholic service includes Lady Pearl, Wade and Sueleen; Haven Hamilton sings in the choir at a Protestant service; and Linnea is seen in the choir at a black Protestant church as a baptism is taking place, with Tommy Brown in the pews. At the hospital chapel, Barbara Jean sings a hymn from her wheelchair while Mr. Green and Pfc. Kelly, among others, watch. Mr. Green tells Kelly how he and his wife lost their son in WWII. Opal wanders alone through a huge auto scrap yard making free-form poetic speeches about the cars into her tape recorder. Haven, Tommy Brown and their families attend the stock car races, where Winifred attempts to sing on a small stage but cannot be heard over the cars. Bill and Mary argue in their hotel room and are interrupted by Triplette, who wants to recruit them for the Walker concert gala. Tom tries to get Norman to score him some pills. Day Four Opal walks alone through a large school bus parking lot trying to spin a commentary linking the buses to racism in the South, but has trouble hitting the right note. Barbara Jean is discharged from the hospital at the same time Mr. Green shows up to visit his sick wife. Barbara Jean asks after Mrs. Green and sends her regards. After Barbara Jean and her entourage have left, a nurse tells Mr. Green his wife died earlier that morning. Pfc. Kelly tells Mr. Green why he has been following Barbara Jean around; his mother saved Barbara Jean's life in the fire and loved her more than anything. She asked her son to go see Barbara Jean on his leave from Vietnam service. Back at Mr. Green's house, Kenny gets upset when Martha tries to look at his violin case. Barbara Jean performs a matinee at Opryland USA. Triplette and Del attend and try to convince Barnett to have Barbara Jean play the Walker concert gala at the Parthenon the next day, but he refuses. Kenny and Pfc. Kelly are both in the audience and watch raptly as Barbara Jean sings, although Opal annoyingly tries to interview Kelly about Vietnam during a song. Barbara Jean gets through the first couple of songs ("Tapedeck in his Tractor", "Dues") all right, but then begins to tell rambling stories about her childhood instead of starting the next song. After several false starts, Barnett escorts her from the stage and tells the disappointed audience that they can come to the Parthenon tomorrow and see Barbara Jean perform for free, thus committing her to the Walker concert. Tom calls Linnea and invites her to meet him that night at a club called the Exit Inn. Linnea arrives but sits by herself because Martha is trying to pick up Tom. Mary and Bill are also there, and Opal sits with them and mentions that she slept with Tom, causing Mary to look away in humiliation. Wade tries unsuccessfully to pick up Linnea, while Norman tries equally unsuccessfully to pick up Opal. Tom is introduced as a surprise guest artist. He casually mentions that he "used to be in a trio," but then invites Bill and Mary up to the stage, where the three perform an uncomfortable rendition of "Since You're Gone". Again alone on the stage, Tom introduces his new solo number, "I'm Easy," which he dedicates to someone special in the audience. Mary, Opal, and Martha all hope that they are the one, but Tom only has eyes for Linnea. She goes to his room where they make love. When Linnea says she has to go, Tom begs her to stay another hour, and is visibly miffed when she refuses. Without even waiting for her to get dressed and leave, Tom grabs the phone and calls a girlfriend in New York, inviting her to fly down and join him. Sueleen appears at the all-male Walker fundraiser, but is booed off the stage when she sings poorly and doesn't take off her clothes. Del and Triplette explain to her that the men expect her to strip and that if she does so, they will let her sing the next day at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Sueleen is humiliated, but strips anyway. Winifred shows up at the fundraiser hoping to get a chance to sing, but after she sees what is going on, she stays hidden behind a curtain. Del drives Sueleen home and drunkenly comes on to her, but she is rescued by Wade. After he hears what happened, Wade tells Sueleen the truth, that she can't sing, and asks her to go back to Detroit with him the next day. Sueleen refuses because she is determined to sing at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Day Five The performers, audience and Walker and his entourage arrive for the Parthenon concert; Walker will wait in his limousine until his speech after the musical performances. In the performing lineup are Haven, Barbara Jean, Linnea and her choir, Bill, Mary and Tom, and Sueleen. Winifred has shown up again hoping for a chance to sing. Barnett gets upset because Barbara Jean will have to perform in front of a large Walker advertisement, but has to go along with it because his wife's career will be harmed if he pulls her out of another show. Mr. Green and Kenny attend Esther Green's burial service and Mr. Green leaves angrily, vowing to find Martha (who is not at the service) and make her show some respect to her aunt. Mr. Green and Kenny go to the Parthenon to look for Martha. The Walker gala starts and Haven and Barbara Jean perform a song together ("One, I Love You"), then Barbara Jean sings a very personal solo song about her childhood ("My Idaho Home"). As the song ends, gunshots are heard. Kenny has pulled a gun from his violin case and fired at the performers, grazing Haven and seriously wounding Barbara Jean. Pfc. Kelly disarms Kenny as chaos breaks out. Barbara Jean is carried bleeding and unconscious from the stage. Haven tries to calm the crowd by exhorting them to sing, asserting that "This isn't Dallas, this is Nashville" in reference to the JFK assassination. As he is led from the stage for treatment of his wounds, Haven hands the microphone off to Winifred, who tentatively begins to sing "It Don't Worry Me." As she is joined by Linnea's gospel choir, Winifred's confidence grows until all eyes are upon her. The film ends with the audience clapping and dancing as Winifred belts out the chorus, "You may say that I'm not free, but it don't worry me." She has finally gotten her big break.
tt0120728
Comedy,Drama,Music
Set in New York City in the "very early 1980s," Alice Kinnon (Chloë Sevigny) and Charlotte Pingress (Kate Beckinsale), two recent New Hampshire College graduates, work in a New York City publishing house as poorly paid readers. After work one night, they are able to enter an exclusive disco nightclub, where Alice is hoping to socialize with Jimmy Steinway (Mackenzie Astin), who works in advertising and uses the nightclub to entertain clients. Jimmy is ill-tempered because he has been barred from bringing clients to the nightclub and is eventually kicked out by his friend Des McGrath (Chris Eigeman), who works as a manager at the club but whose job is in jeopardy for allowing Jimmy and his clients inside. After Jimmy leaves, Alice takes Charlotte's advice to go home with her second choice, Tom Platt (Robert Sean Leonard). Tom and Alice to back to his apartment and spend the night together. At work the following morning, Charlotte and Alice talk with other editors about how to fast-track their careers. They also decide to move in together with a third girl, Holly (Tara Subkoff), as they cannot afford to pay rent on their own. Despite Alice's reluctance, the three women eventually settle on a railroad apartment. Returning to the club one evening, Alice is upset to learn that Charlotte has designs on Jimmy. She is further upset when Tom tells her that when he slept with her, he had a long-term girlfriend he was separated from and his one-night stand with Alice convinced him to return to her. Des then begins to pursue Alice. At work, Alice decides to pursue the publication of a book on Buddhism, written by the Dalai Lama's brother, that Charlotte had previously recommended rejecting, and Alice gains the editors' respect. It is discovered that the author is not in fact the Dalai Lama's brother, but Alice maintains the book is one of the best she's ever read. Meanwhile, Charlotte, now dating Jimmy, is openly insecure about Jimmy and Alice's apparent friendliness. At the club, in front of a group of various friends, Charlotte loudly announces that Alice has gonorrhea, after figuring it out when Alice refuses to drink. Charlotte later apologizes to Alice but tells her not to be embarrassed, as it will make men think of her as more accessible. In fact, after learning this, Des does become more interested in being with Alice, and they start dating casually. A few nights later, Alice has dinner with Tom to confront him about giving her gonorrhea. He initially denies it, arguing she could have contracted it from someone else, but Alice tells him he was her first sexual partner. He then admits he also gave her herpes. Meanwhile, Josh Neff (Matt Keeslar), a D.A. and friend of Jimmy's who also frequently attends the club, asks Alice to lunch to pitch a book to her. At lunch, he confesses he is interested not in writing a book but in Alice. Alice and Josh go on a real date, and he tells her he is on medication for manic depression. Upon returning home from the date, Alice discovers Charlotte being taken away in an ambulance after a miscarriage and being told by Jimmy that he is moving to Barcelona after meeting an old friend named Ted (from the film 'Barcelona') for a job offer. At the hospital, Charlotte asks Alice if Jimmy ever expressed interest in being with her; when Alice admits that he did, Charlotte reacts with tears and tells her she will be moving out. The nightclub is raided by the police for tax fraud, and Des tries to run away despite Josh's promise to protect him, believing that Josh's interest in Alice will cause him to act unfairly. They later discover that even before the club was raided by the police, disco records were no longer selling and attendance was down. Alice and Charlotte learn that their employer has merged with a larger publishing house and that layoffs are to be expected. Some time later, Charlotte, Josh, and Des are seen leaving an unemployment office with their pink slips. Josh tells the group that he is going to Lutèce for lunch, treated by Alice, who is celebrating her promotion (her book was published after she switched it from nonfiction to self-help). Des and Charlotte talk about how their big personalities are too much for normal personalities like Alice, Josh, and Jimmy. Des also says that pairing off monogamously detracts from their glamorous lifestyle, and Charlotte agrees. On the subway on their way to Lutèce, Alice and Josh discuss their future prospects. As the end credits begin, they break character to dance to "Love Train", and are eventually joined by the entire subway station of passengers when they arrive at their destination.
tt0081070
Crime,Drama,Mystery
A shady character, Colin (Paul Freeman -Raiders of the Lost Ark), carrying a suitcase of money pockets a couple handfuls of cash before making the delivery. In a country farmhouse the three men dividing the money in the case are attacked by gunmen. Outside a pub Colin's accomplices are abducted and killed. Colin is later murdered at a swimming pool. The leading gangster in the London underworld (Harold Shand - Bob Hoskins in his breakout movie role) is forming an alliance with a group of rich, shady Americans to fund the very profitable London docklands development of the 1980s. On Good Friday while Shand's mother attends church, her waiting driver is killed when her car explodes. The news of this is an outrage to Shand who is shocked at the declining code of conduct among the underworld. This decline parallels the decline of his empire throughout the film. He is given 24 hours to fix the situation or the Americans will walk away from the deal. Shand is further unnerved at the news of his friend Colin's murder as well as the discovery of a bomb (which fails to detonate) at his casino. He covers up Colin's murder, the car bomb, and the later explosion of a restaurant where he is about to dine. He frantically rounds up and coerces informants and underworld bosses in an attempt to discover who is behind these events and what they want. He is brutal but he believes his behavior is within civilized boundaries. Throughout he laments the decline of neighborhoods, respect for the church, respect for his power, England's economy, and honor among thieves. At the same time he professes to be appreciative of history, of what has been great about England, and is driven to build great things on the site of now idle dockyards. Shand finds out that the bombings are caused by the IRA in revenge for Colin's having stolen the relatively small sum of 5,000. We also learn that the three men from the farmhouse at the beginning were also IRA. The IRA has connected Shand to Colin even though Colin was moonlighting as a courier without Shand's knowledge. Shand's top man tells him there is no fighting the IRA as they don't care about money ("they're fanatics") and that even if you kill them dozens more will always be ready to take their place. The IRA is taking over his empire and there is nothing he can do about it. In a last attempt to end the fight Shand meets with the IRA under pretense of paying them off with 60,000 but he murders them instead. However, the Americans walk away from the deal anyway, dismissing Shand as a gangster. Shand lectures them on how they have no guts or vision and that he will deal with the Germans instead and not be stopped by them. But Shand is abducted by the IRA as he leaves the meeting and his downfall is complete.
tt0071910
Drama
During World War II, Maximilian Theo Aldorfer (Dirk Bogarde), a former Nazi SS officer who had posed as a doctor to take sensational photographs in concentration camps, and Lucia Atherton (Charlotte Rampling, a Holocaust survivor, had an ambiguous sadomasochistic relationship. Flashbacks show Max tormenting Lucia, but also acting as her protector. In present day 1957, Lucia, now married to an American orchestra conductor, meets Max again by chance. He is now a night porter at a hotel in Vienna, Austria and a reluctant member of a group of former SS comrades who have been carefully covering up their pasts by destroying documents and eliminating witnesses to their wartime activities. Max has an upcoming mock trial at the hands of the group for his war crimes. The group's leader, Hans Folger (Gabriele Ferzetti), accuses Max of wanting to live 'hidden away like a church mouse'. Max wishes to remain hidden, but he voices support for the group's activities. Memories of the past punctuate Max and Lucia's present with urgent frequency, suggesting that Lucia survived through her relationship with Max. In one such flashback, Lucia sings a Marlene Dietrich song, "Wenn ich mir was wünschen dürfte" ("If I could make a wish"), to the camp guards while wearing pieces of an SS uniform, and Max 'rewards' her with the severed head of a male inmate who had been bullying her, a reference to Salome. Because she could testify against him, Lucia's existence is a threat to Max. He goes to see a former Nazi collaborator, Mario (Ugo Cardea), who knows Lucia is still alive; Max murders him to protect his secret. After Lucia's husband leaves town on business, Max and Lucia renew their past lovemaking in Max's apartment. Max confesses to Countess Stein, another guest at his hotel, that he has found his "little girl" again. The Countess tells him that he is insane; Max replies that they are both 'in the same boat'. Meanwhile, Folger has Max spied on by a teenage bellboy who works at the hotel. Max is interviewed by the police about Mario's murder. He spends days with Lucia in his apartment, chaining her to the wall so that "they can't take her away" and sleeps little. Folger, who wants Lucia to testify against Max in the mock trial-though he harbors more ambiguous long-term intentions toward her-visits and informs her that Max is ill. He suggests that Lucia must also be ill to allow herself to be in this position, but Lucia sends him away, claiming to be with Max of her own free will. The SS officers are infuriated at Max for hiding a key witness. Max refuses to go through with the trial, calling it 'a farce', and admits that he works as a night porter due to his sense of shame in daytime. He returns to Lucia, telling her that the police questioned him and others at the hotel about her disappearance, and that no suspicion fell on him. Eventually, Max quits his job, devoting all of his time to Lucia. The SS officers cut off the couple's supply of food from a nearby grocery store. Max barricades the door to the apartment, and he and Lucia begin rationing. Max seeks help by phoning one of his old hotel friends, who refuses, and imploring his neighbor, but she is prevented from providing aid by Adolph, the youth who had spied on Max earlier. Max retreats again to the apartment, where Lucia is almost unconscious from malnutrition. After one of the SS cuts off the electricity in Max's apartment, Max and Lucia, respectively dressed in his Nazi uniform and a negligee resembling the one she had worn in the concentration camp, leave the building and drive away; they are soon followed by a car driven by Max's former colleagues. Max parks his car on a bridge, where he and Lucia walk along the sidewalk as dawn breaks. Two gunshots ring out, and the doomed lovers fall dead.
tt0071115
Drama,Romance
It is 1947. An eight year old girl named Alice is growing up on a farm near Monterrey, California and has dreams of being a singer. The background is all ruby red, a deliberately theatrical and artificial feel of classic cinema, indicating satire of Gone With the Wind and The Wizard of Oz. Flash forward to the summer of 1974, present-day when this was filmed. A view of the town of Soccoro, New Mexico with Mott the Hoople's All the Way From Memphis blasting on the soundtrack. Inside a tacky, blue-collar home is Alice trying to sew and she turns down her son's record player. Alice is clearly a bright and witty woman that clowns around with her son, but stuck with a bored, uncommunicative husband that works as a Coca Cola truck driver. He berates and threatens her for her son's bratty antics and behavior. One day while Alice and her friend Bea are hanging out together, she receives a phone call that her husband died in a vehicle accident while at work. Soon afterwards, she practices her piano and singing and has a sale of her household belongings and sells the house Alice and Tommy leave Soccoro for Monterrey. They first stop in Phoenix, where she is trying to get a job singing in a bar, but the first time she's checked out by the owner and offended, but soon finds work in another bar. Soon afterwards, she meets the younger and charming Ben. Alice's son is forced to fend for himself and constantly complaining about them being stuck where they are, but she insists on staying. One morning, a woman Alice doesn't recognize comes to Alice's motel and reveals herself to be Ben's wife. Alice assures her she knew nothing about Ben being married. Ben comes to the door screaming for his wife to get out, breaks in, and beats her to get out. He threatens Alice for telling him to calm down. Alice and her son leave immediately. Alice and Tommy are in the car and Tommy seems indifferent to Alice's situation and trying to tell her a "Shoot the Dog" joke, despite her breakdown. They settle into a motel room in Tuscon. Alice gets a job as a waitress at Mel and Ruby's Cafe, which is walking distance from them Alice is at work for the first day at the cafe, for which she and the staff were the basis for the hit TV series "Alice", in the late 1970's and early 1980's. It is a backbreaking job for her at the extremely busy and chaotic greasy spoon diner. There's the owner and short order cook Mel, the sassy and foul-mouthed Flo, and the strange and neurotic Vera. Flo introduces Alice to the customers as the new girl and makes references to her body and Alice is offended and does not want anything to do with her personally. She also meets David, a soft-spoken rancher and divorcee that is a regular customer. He takes an instant liking to her. Alice reluctantly takes up a relationship with David and her son Tommy takes a liking to him as well. Meanwhile, Tommy forms a friendship with the tomboyish Audrey, whom he takes guitar lessons with. One day at the diner, Flo has an outburst with Mel when he's trying to find Vera spilling ketchup all over several customers. Alice is believed to have been hurt at the outburst, but it turns out she's laughing uncontrollably and begins a friendship with Flo. They hang out together in between shifts and Flo tells her how she can make more money at the job Alice's son celebrates his 12th birthday at David's ranch and has an outburst over his music choices and David spanks him for it and corrects Alice for having such a bratty son. They both leave the house. Alice and Tommy have a fight and she drops him off the side of the road. Alice receives a call that Tommy is at a juvenile detention center drunk and that he and Audrey were getting drunk on ripple. She oversleeps the next day Alice is unable to function at work and Flo takes her to the ladies room for a chat. Alice tells her about how she's depended on men her whole life, her late husband, and broken relationship with David. Flo also tells her of her single parenting and about dental work her daughter needs that will cost hundreds. Vera is in the diner alone trying to break up a fight going on. Alice and Flo return to work and publicly, she and David work out their differences and reconcile. Afterwards, Tommy tells her it's okay if they don't go to Monterrey. At the same time, a Monterrey Hotel is in front of them while they're walking.
tt0082288
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Dragonslayer opens with a small group of villagers journeying to a lonely tower in a place called Cragganmore. This tower is home to a powerful and kindly old sorcerer named Ulrich (Sir Ralph Richardson). Ulrich's manservant, Hodge (Sydney Bromley) answers the knock and turns them away. He tells them he knows that the villagers have travelled far and are on urgent business but Ulrich will still not see them. One of the villagers asks the leader of the group, a young man named Valerian (Caitlin Clarke) what they will do now. From the villager, it is implied that Valerian is the one who was certain that they could turn to Ulrich for help with their problems and organized the small group to come to the tower. Valerian boldly steps forward and shouts out to Ulrich that he and his group will not leave the doorstep of the tower until they are heard. Glancing to his right, Valerian spots Ulrich's apprentice, Galen (Peter MacNicol) looking back at the group through a window. Galen goes to his master, who is in a magical trance, and rouses him from it, telling him they have visitors. Ulrich responds that he knows they are there, and that the business they have come on is truly dire. He then shares a bit of disturbing news with Galen: Ulrich has foreseen his own death. Valerian and his group are brought into the tower while Ulrich and Galen prepare to greet them. Ulrich and Galen talk as they attire themselves appropriately. Ulrich says his outfit is the same as that worn by his own master before he died, and he had once changed lead into gold, a feat Ulrich could never duplicate -- Galen would stand to inherit a fortune. Galen is disturbed by Ulrich's prattling, because he doesn't want to see his master die. But Ulrich says he welcomes it. His life as a sorcerer, he feels, has accomplished little. He asks Galen how his studies are going and if he truly still wishes to be a sorcerer. Galen says he wishes it more than anything. Ulrich and Galen appear before the villagers with a lot of pomp and circumstance that leaves them a little non-plussed. Ulrich asks Valerian to identify himself. Stepping forward, Valerian starts to explain why they are here, and Ulrich says he already knows that the group has traveled from Urland to see him. Ulrich sits at a stone table and asks to see the artifacts. Valerian slides a pack to Ulrich, who pulls out a couple of scales. He asks Valerian how he came by them, and Valerian says he found them at the foot of 'the lair.' Ulrich asks what else Valerian brought, and the young man pulls out what he says is a claw-- this 'claw' being nearly as long as Valerian's forearm from elbow to wrist. Ulrich stares in surprise and says that the object is no claw, but a tooth. He asks if the villagers truly expect him to do battle with the creature the villagers fear-- a dragon. Valerian listens to the short list of wizards and sorcerers that Ulrich suggests and flatly responds that they are all dead. Ulrich is the only one left. Valerian goes on to state that twice each year, at the spring and autumn equinoxes, the king of Urland selects a new 'victim--' a young maiden at the cusp of young adulthood, still virgin, and offers her to the dragon as a sacrifice. Ulrich knows that the selection is done by lottery, calling it barbaric. He muses how the dragon leaves the villages of the kingdom live in peace in return for these sacrifices, and says the king has made a pact with a monster. In response to Valerian's challenging question on whether he fears dragons, Ulrich says that it is because of sorcerers that dragons exist. The skies used to be dotted with them, and they were noble, majestic creatures. He knows the dragon to whom the scales belong-- it is called Vermithrax. Looking over the scales closely, he explains why Vermithrax forces Urland to sacrifice virgins to it in return for not destroying them-- Vermithrax has reached a venerable old age, older than many dragons normally live to, and has grown feeble and decrepit. It lives a life of constant pain, which has made it spiteful and vengeful toward anything that lives. Ulrich has donned a traveling pack and taken up his staff, to journey with Valerian and his fellow villagers back to Urland. But an unpleasant surprise is waiting for them outside the tower-- Tyrian, captain of the royal guard (John Hallam). Valerian is immediately confrontational with Tyrian, who says he doesn't question Valerian traveling, even far from Urland-- his concern is the visit to a sorcerer. He knows that Valerian has come here to ask for Ulrich's aid in slaying Vermithrax. Tyrian claims to have no love for Vermithrax, but before he consents to an attempt to slay the dragon, he wants assurances that Valerian has found a suitable challenger. He gives a long diatribe about how and why sorcerers don't prove their true power in front of a doubter. Ulrich determines to silence all argument. He doffs his amulet and orders Galen to return it to the conjuring room, and then bring out a dagger that is there. He then tells Tyrian that he will have his test. Galen tosses the dagger out of the conjuring room's window, where Ulrich hands it to Tyrian. who satisfies himself that the dagger is sharp. Giving a brief incantation, Ulrich opens his tunic and puts the point of the dagger to his chest, where his heart is. He is offering Tyrian to test him by stabbing him through the heart with the dagger. Seeing this, Galen starts to rush out of the tower, but all the doors and windows quickly shut, trapping him inside. Outside, Ulrich assures Tyrian that he cannot hurt him. Tyrian stares at Ulrich for a moment, then takes hold of the sorcerer's shoulder to brace himself, and thrusts the dagger home. Everyone stares for a minute as Ulrich simply looks up at the window from which Galen tossed out the dagger. Then, slowly, without a word, he falls to his knees and then to the ground, dead. Disgusted but also smug, Tyrian signals to his soldiers, who leave the tower wordlessly. Inside the tower, Galen slumps in grief, seeing his master slain. He is oblivious to the tower windows and doors all re-opening. The Urland villagers watch as Galen tends to his master's funeral, properly attiring the body and burning it on a pyre. The villagers look at the fire for a moment, seeing that it burns green. Then, as one, they turn and start to hasten on their way. Hodge gathers the ashes into a pouch, showing he has quickly lost all faith in Ulrich having ever been a true sorcerer. Galen goes through his chores in the conjuring room, still in shock over his master's death. He finds Ulrich's amulet on the table beside him, which is baffling to the young apprentice because he put it in a small chest. He opens the chest, finding it empty, and puts the amulet back inside, placing a rock over the lid. Resuming his chores, he finds the amulet suddenly in front of him again. Galen and Hodge are walking through the countryside, Hodge rambling a series of complaints about his treatment over his long years of service. Galen uses a few magic feats to silence him. He tells Hodge he had plenty of respect for his master, but he is the one who is master now. The Urland villagers are camping for the night while en route back home. Greil (Albert Salmi) is very bitter at all that has transpired, tearing into Valerian for having led them to Cragganmore. Valerian, on the other hand, does not defend himself; he feels Greil is right. He led Greil and the other villagers to Ulrich for nothing. Suddenly the villagers react to some disturbance, though they cannot identify it just yet. A flash issues from the campfire, and Galen and Hodge are there. Galen boldly tells the Urland villagers that he will fulfill the task they came to Ulrich for; as the inheritor of Ulrich's craft and knowledge, he will serve their needs as the sorcerer they sought. The need of the Urland villagers is then shown as group of royal guard are bringing Vermithrax another sacrifice (Yolande Palfrey). She is dressed in a white gown with a garland of white flowers around her head, and she is chained with heavy steel manacles. The horse pulling the cart carrying the woman stops and fusses incessantly, refusing to proceed further. Soldiers place a hood over the terrified young woman's head and half-pull, half-drag her to a tall ceremonial stake driven into the ground. A ring in her shackles is placed through a hook at the top of the stake, so her arms are raised above her head, as the king's minister recites a proclamation about her sacrifice being for the greater good of Urland, and her father will be recompensed for the loss of his daughter by being exempt from royal taxes for five years. Midway through the diatribe, the ground begins to shake, prompting everyone to flee, leaving the frightened sacrifice to her fate-- and leaving the hapless horse that drew the cart she was transported in, as well. The young woman manages to pull the hood off of her head as the soldiers, servants and minister clear away from Vermithrax's lair. Struggling in desperate terror against her manacles, she manages to wrench one wrist free, nearly shattering it in the process. But it is too late-- one massive claw emerges from the entrance to the lair. Then the dragon's massive head. Thrashing and pulling wildly, the young lady finally wrenches her other wrist through the manacle, crushing her wrist and hand, and turns to flee from the dragon. But even in its old age and decrepit state, Vermithrax can cover far more ground with each step than the sacrificial victim. Overtaking her easily, the ancient dragon arrests her flight with its tail. The petrified girl can only huddle against the lair wall and scream in anguish as Vermithrax incinerates her with a blast of its fiery breath. Valerian awakes abruptly at daybreak and quietly steps away from the camp. Galen awakes a short bit later and wanders over to a nearby lake to bathe. He finds Valerian there, ordering Galen away urgently. Valerian is very insistent on not sharing the lake with Galen, or being seen while bathing. Galen dives into the water and is swimming toward Valerian underwater. Drawing close, Galen finds out why Valerian was so intent on driving Galen away. He shoots up to the surface, choking on water at the shock of what he'd seen-- Valerian is in fact a young woman, not a man. Still overtaken by the shock, neither of them notices Tyrian lurking nearby. Tyrian does not notice the secret Valerian has been hiding, but he notices Galen there, and he isn't pleased. He orders a retainer to fetch him his bow. Galen and Valerian are dressing, and Galen is trying to promise he will tell nobody what he's seen. Valerian only blames her own carelessness. She mentions that nobody has ever known the truth about her, except only her father, since the day she was born. Galen realizes she's referring to the lottery-- daughters are chosen, but sons are not. Valerian then remarks that noble families, paying enough in bribes, are never entered into the lottery-- to say nothing of the king's own daughter, Princess Elspeth (Chloe Salaman). Valerian's father, on the other hand, is a simple blacksmith, and poor... as are many of the fathers of eligible young women. As Valerian leaves the lake, Galen notices a small flock of birds startled by something. Looking around, he gazes into the lake's reflective surface, and sees a vision of Tyrian approaching on horseback with soldiers, and Tyrian drawing his bow in ambush. Galen rushes back toward camp, frantically calling to Hodge... but it is too late; Hodge has been shot through the chest with an arrow and is mortally wounded. As he dies, he cryptically tells Galen to take the pouch with Ulrich's ashes, find a lake of burning water, and throw the ashes in. Galen tries to use his amulet to save Hodge, but fails. Galen and party sail in a small boat back to Urland. As they disembark on the Urland shore, Tyrian and his men are still following from a distance and watching. The party continues along a trail on foot, Valerian impatiently trying to get Galen to keep moving. But when she mentions they are near Vermithrax's lair, Galen stops and moves off the trail, saying (over Valerian's protest that they are safe if they keep moving) that he wants to see the lair. Valerian and Greil must reluctantly gather the rest of the villagers and follow. Poking around the lair's entrance, Galen finds the chains that had been used to bind the sacrificed maiden, and dripping water around the entrance that becomes steam as it hits the floor. He inquires if there are other entrances, and is told there are none. Valerian and Greil angrily try to convince Galen to leave Vermithrax alone, but Galen pays no attention, starting to venture into the cavern. He picks up another shed scale and then hears a brief rumble. A gout of smoke from deeper in the cave satisfies Galen that Vermithrax is in the lair. Emerging quickly, Galen drops his cloak to the ground and pulls his amulet out from under his shirt. Holding it up, he recites an arcane chant. At first, nothing appears to happen, but Galen continues to concentrate and his amulet begins to glow. Slowly at first, several rocks begin to fall from the top of the cliff face. A full scale rockslide is triggered, burying the entrance in tons of rock and rubble. Everyone is forced to leap for cover as the rockslide collapses the cliffside, further sealing off the entrance to the lair. As they all emerge, Valerian excitedly shouts that Galen has done it-- he's saved Urland. Back at the village, a celebration is underway regaling its hero. Galen performs some slight-of-hand tricks to amuse the village children. Dragon effigies are burned, musicians play, and the villagers dance and make merry... all except one. In the attic of her home, Valerian is holding up a mirror in front of herself... and holding a dress against the front of her body. As she turns the mirror for a better view, her father notices and hurries to get her to put the dress away back in the trunks in the attic, warning that she might be seen. Being seen is exactly what Valerian now wants. Tired of continuing the masquerade, Valerian dons the dress, with a headdress and sandals, and boldly steps outside into the village as her true self. The celebration stops, everyone turning and staring as some of the children start to gather around Valerian, trying to touch her arms as if not quite sure that what they are seeing is real. Galen quickly comes up to Valerian and takes her hand. He calls out to the musicians, who begin to play again. Galen takes Valerian's hand and leads her into a dance. Slowly a few of the villagers start to join, and then more, and finally the celebration resumes in full swing. Greil, drinking with a friend, is thoughtful; wishing he'd been as clever as Valerian's father. Greil is also wondering how it is that a priest came to the village at the very moment of Galen's triumph. The village's celebration is cut short at the arrival of Tyrian and several soldiers. Tyrian announces that King Casiodorus (Peter Eyre) wishes to meet Galen in person. Galen is deeply suspicious as to the nature of the 'gratitude' that Galen says the king wishes to show, but Tyrian (a bit sternly) says that if he'd been sent to kill Galen he'd have done it already-- the king wishes merely to meet Galen and speak to him. Galen is brought before the king and his court in the royal castle, to give a demonstration of his skill in sorcery. King Casiodorus is neither amused nor impressed at the paltry display of tricks, and finally starts to explain to Galen about his brother, King Gazerick. Gazerick assembled a whole army and rode out to do battle with Vermithrax, but the dragon slaughtered the entire army and then went on a rampage across the countryside, incinerating whole fields and villages. Death and famine followed in the dragon's wake until Casiodorus instituted the lottery and began offering the sacrifice of young maidens. Vermithrax became appeased and ceased its attacks on the villages. Casiodorus notices the bulge under Galen's shirt and pulls the amulet away, angrily confronting Galen for toying with such a dangerous beast. He justifies the lottery and the sacrifices by pointing to the hundreds of lives that are saved in the process. But Galen, adhering to his master's beliefs, tells the king that he cannot make a shameful peace with a monster like Vermithrax, which, as Galen insists, is now dead. Casiodorus merely says, 'we shall see' before ordering that Galen be imprisoned in the royal dungeons. At the dragon's lair, rocks and stones all about the destroyed cliff face begin to smoke and smolder. Galen draws a small pentagram in chalk on the floor of his dungeon cell and tries to use his magic to escape, but fails. Suddenly he hears a voice behind him; translating his words-- it is Princess Elspeth, who, as she tells Galen, is schooled in both Latin (the language Galen spoke in) and Greek. Elspeth begs Galen not to view her father and royal court as the same kind of monsters as Vermithrax. She insists that despite the loss of life and seeming cruelty of the lottery, her father, as king, must protect his people. But Galen counters by pointing out that Casiodorus is also protecting Elspeth. He confronts her with his knowledge that the wealthy noble families pay bribes so that their daughters are exempt from the lottery. He is surprised to find that Elspeth truly knows nothing of her father's plans -- her protests to the contrary sound very genuine. Elspeth excuses herself as the countryside begins to experience tremors. Elspeth goes to confront her father on what she's learned. She had thought that her name had been included in every lottery since she came of age. Casiodorus, busy trying to study Galen's amulet and trying to turn lead into gold, pays only minimal attention to his daughter and his attempts to assure her that she had been in every lottery the same as all other young women in the village, are all in vain-- Elspeth sees through him immediately and confronts him for lying to her. Angry at Elspeth, Casiodorus snaps his head up to confront her... but the whole kingdom is struck by an earthquake that tells everyone that all is anything but well. Elspeth goes back to the dungeon and opens up the cell so Galen can escape. Tyrian promptly spots Galen and organizes his men to try and stop him. Galen acquires a horse and escapes through a wall that collapses in front of him. He passes by Casiodorus, who calls him a fool-- the earthquake can only mean one thing... Vermithrax is still alive... and very angry. The priest, Brother Jacobus (Ian McDiarmid) leads the Urland villagers to the buried lair and tries to lead them in prayer, asking God to throw Lucifer back down into the depths of Hell, but the prayer is useless -- fire erupts from the ground as Vermithrax emerges. Everyone flees except Brother Jacobus, and Greil, who hides behind a rock and watches Vermithrax emerge through a fissure in the ground. Brother Jacobus brazenly confronts Vermithrax, who is completely unimpressed with the priest, proving so with a blast of fiery breath that burns the man to death. Vermithrax then flies out to punish the village and its people. Galen sees the village being set ablaze as Vermithrax unleashes its wrath before flying off again. Morning comes, and Tyrian and his men ride into the village. Knowing that Galen was brought to the village by Valerian, they storm her home, looking to see if Galen is being sheltered there. Tyrian tells Valerian's father that since his 'son' has proven to be a daughter, she will now be entered in the next lottery, which the king has called for immediately in an attempt to appease Vermithrax. Valerian, however, is unafraid. Feeling guilty at all the maidens who died while she lived, she is determined to face the jeopardy and risk with all the other eligible maidens. The soldiers do not find Galen anywhere in the blacksmith's home, and leave. The one place they didn't check is a secret alcove underneath (and concealed by) the blacksmith's anvil. Valerian and her father tilt the anvil with iron rods to let Galen out, and he asks Valerian's father if he has ever forged a great weapon. The blacksmith has indeed forged a mighty weapon... one he has kept hidden away at the bottom of a waterfall. He goes to retrieve it and finish perfecting its edge so Galen can try to slay Vermithrax properly this time. The weapon is a huge, masterfully crafted spear that the blacksmith has named Dragonslayer. He shows that the weapon's blade is capable of shaving metal off of a horseshoe. Valerian, however, is still not satisfied. Vermithrax is far more than mere flesh and blood, and nobody has ever wounded it before. Galen says that she is right. He needs the amulet. Nighttime comes, and all the villagers gather at the castle for the lottery. Valerian is taken and placed in a roped-off section where all the nervous young women wait to see which of them will be chosen to die. The lots are all placed into a massive iron cauldron and stirred with a long rod. The king's minister, Horsrik (Roger Kemp), pulls a lot and recites the royal proclamation as precursor to identifying the chosen sacrifice. However as Horsrik prepares to read the name, he suddenly freezes and falls silent. The villagers impatiently chant for him to read the name on the lot. Casiodorus calls for silence and tells Horsrik to read the name. Swallowing nervously, Horsrik announces that the chosen sacrifice is... Princess Elspeth, the king's daughter. King Casiodorus leaps to his feet, taking the lot from Horsrik, stammering in a completely unconvincing tone that Horsrik misspoke; the name on the lot is in fact illegible and he will personally draw a new lot. The whole of the villagers, following Valerian, all protest that no mistake was made and the name should stand. Ignoring the outraged cries from Valerian and the other villagers, Casiodorus draws another tile, staring at it in shock. At that moment the most unlikely of saviors steps forward... Elspeth herself. Taking the tile from her father's hand, she raises a hand to quiet the villagers and says that there is no mistake; the name on the tile is her own. Now desperate, Casiodorus rummages through the cauldron. All of the tiles bear only his daughter's name and none others. Outraged, he declares the whole lottery invalid... but Elspeth demurs. She declares to the whole of the kingdom that she has replaced the names of all the maidens in the kingdom with her own, but this does not make the lottery invalid, but valid; she has learned that her father has secretly excluded her from participation in the lottery. Her heart aching for all the young girls who died while she lived on, she is seeking to atone by stepping forth and laying her own life down as the next sacrifice. Everyone is still and silent as they look up at the Princess. Some are sympathetic, some are sad, but all admire and respect the bold sacrifice she has chosen to make. Back inside the castle, Casiodorus makes a desperate appeal to Tyrian, saying that if not for him, to do something for the good of the kingdom. But Tyrian says simply that loyalty to the kingdom is his first duty, and that is not the solution to his king's troubles... but the crux of it. Having snuck into the castle during the lottery, Galen searches for his amulet. His search proves fruitless-- and costly, as Tyrian and his men suddenly swarm into the throne room and surround him. Casiodorus orders them to stand down. Over the protests of Tyrian and Horsrik, the king speaks to Galen not as ruler of Urland, not as heartless executor of the lottery... but as the loving father of a young daughter who is about to die. There was one element to the lottery that Casiodorus desperately hoped would work to the favor of the whole of the kingdom... time. He knew that Vermithrax was an extremely old dragon. The lotteries and sacrifices were meant to wait it out until Vermithrax finally died from old age, whereupon the lotteries could be stopped and no more maidens had to die. But now the king has run out of time; his own daughter is the next sacrifice. He has placed Galen's amulet around his own neck. Removing it, he returns it to Galen and begs him to save Elspeth. Galen is with Valerian and her father, preparing for battle. The blacksmith muses about Elspeth's being the next sacrifice, clearly in admiration of her. He is stoking the fire in his forge to temper Dragonslayer. But Galen says the forge fires will not suffice. He draws out his amulet and recites an incantation that heats the blade of the spear until it glows brilliantly with heat. As the spear's blade is rested on the anvil and the blacksmith begins working on it with his hammer, neither he nor Galen see Valerian discretely taking up a basket and quietly leaving the workshop. She goes to Vermithrax's lair and begins gathering more shed scales. She starts to venture into the outer mouth of the lair itself... and as she bends to take another scale, something lunges out of the shadows at her. The blacksmith has finished tempering the spear, and Galen finds it can shear off the anvil's solid steel horn. He and Galen have noticed by now that Valerian is gone, and they think she simply didn't want to be there when Galen left for what was likely the last time. The blacksmith gives him an emotional farewell, offering to say goodbye on his behalf, to Valerian. Galen takes up Dragonslayer and goes to Vermithrax's lair. He is met there by Valerian, who has sewn the dragon scales she collected together into a shield, which she hopes might offer protection from the dragon's terrible fiery breath. Valerian's farewell to Galen is far colder than the one her father gave. She believes that Galen is going to be ripped apart by Vermithrax and she'll never see him again, and he'll have accomplished nothing. She also has found out that Vermithrax is not alone in the lair... it is raising and nursing a small brood of baby dragons, which Galen knows will also have to be killed. Valerian asks Galen, bluntly, if he is in love, and he says he is. Valerian responds that she understands and doesn't care-- she, too, admires Elspeth's bravery and acknowledges her striking beauty. Moreover, she believes that Galen will by dead by the end of the night, and Valerian herself might be dead soon after-- Vermithrax will go on another rampage, more lotteries will be held, and she has abandoned her masquerade of living as a young man... and as a virgin she is eligible for the lotteries. Galen sits down beside her and tells her that she is mistaken about one thing... he is in love, but not with Elspeth. He leans in toward Valerian and begins to kiss her. Night falls. The sacrificial stake is being hammered back into place as the wagon arrives with Elspeth, adorned in the sacrificial white gown and garland of flowers; her wrists in heavy steel manacles. She shakes her head no as Horsrik approaches with the black hood; she wishes to look the beast in the face. The ring in her chains is placed on the stake's hook as Horsrik begins to read the proclamation of sacrifice. He barely gets past the opening of it when the parchment flares blue and begins to burn, forcing him to drop it. This was no dragon fire, but magical fire... conjured by Galen. A cloud of smoke flares in front of Elspeth, and Galen is standing in front of her, spear and shield at the ready. Horsrik and the royal retinue all flee at Galen's presence. All except one... Tyrian. His first loyalty is to the kingdom of Urland, and he still believes in the necessity of the lottery. He is ready to defend Elspeth's sacrifice with his very life; Galen must kill him if he wishes to save her. But Galen says he doesn't need the sacrifice to want to kill Tyrian-- he has plenty of reasons for killing him that have nothing to do with Elspeth or the dragon. Casting aside his shield, he readies his spear, as Tyrian draws his sword. Elspeth shouts in vain for Galen to withdraw. She also believes that her sacrifice is necessary for the good of the kingdom. She proves this in no uncertain terms when Galen suddenly disengages from Tyrian and swings his massive spear toward her manacles, slicing through the chains, and ordering her to run. But Elspeth, taking advantage of the battle, turns and bravely marches straight into Vermithrax's lair. The princess is heard uttering a brief scream that is quickly silenced, and Tyrian, leaning against the sacrificial stake, mocks Galen for his failure. His scorn comes at the expense of Tyrian's own life, as Galen suddenly thrusts Dragonslayer forward, smashing clean through the thick wooden stake and impaling Tyrian. Taking up the shield again, and a torch, Galen ventures into the lair. He doesn't get very far when he finds, to his dismay, the terrible fate of Princess Elspeth. He finds one of her slippers in the outer mouth of the lair. Further in, Elspeth lies dead on the ground; Vermithrax's young chewing on her body. Although nauseated, he kills them all before venturing forward. Deep inside the lair, Galen finds a huge underground lake; fire burning all around as if the very water itself was burning. As he jumps across a path of stones jutting from the lake, the water behind him begins to bubble. Looking down, he catches a reflection in the water's surface and whirls to find himself face to face with Vermithrax. Rising up to a size that towers well above Galen, the ancient dragon spreads its wings and draws its head back. Galen ducks down and huddles behind his shield as Vermithrax releases its blast of fiery breath at the young sorcerer. The shield sizzles and smokes but protects Galen from harm. Looking to get into a better position, Galen leads Vermithrax on a chase through the lair. Vermithrax tries more than once to destroy the trespasser with its fiery breath, but the shield fashioned of its own shed scales continues to protect Galen. But Galen makes a bad mistake when he rushes past Elspeth's body with Vermithrax still in pursuit. The dragon pauses, turns, and notices its young, freshly killed by Galen. The dragon is enraged and rushes in pursuit of the one who slaughtered its offspring. Vermithrax finds Galen's shield propped up against a rock face. Thinking Galen is hiding behind it, the dragon moves forward for the kill. But Galen has set a trap-- he is standing on a ledge well above the tunnel that Vermithrax is emerging from. As Vermithrax's head and long neck begin to poke into the cave, Galen leaps right onto the back of Vermithrax's neck and plunges the spear deep into its hide. He stabs Vermithrax repeatedly as the massive beast thrashes about wildly. It manages to pitch Galen off and down to the floor, and snakes its massive head out to bite him in half. But Galen is ready with Dragonslayer, and drives the massive spear blade into Vermithrax's throat. Vermithrax bellows in agony as it pitches and flails about. The dragon's thrashing breaks the steel head of the spear off of the wooden shaft, leaving the blade still firmly lodged in its neck. Galen snatches up his shield, backing out toward the mouth of the lair as Vermithrax looses another massive blast of fire at him. Valerian is sitting outside the lair when she feels the ground shake. Going to investigate, she finds the shield and the broken shaft of the spear. A short distance away is Galen; bloodied, eyes closed, unconscious... but to her profound relief, he opens his eyes slowly and tells her that he's still alive, but Vermithrax is as well. Valerian brings Galen back to her home and nurses his wounds. Growing emotional, she begs Galen to leave Urland with her. If he truly loves her, as he says he did, their best hope to be happy together is to give up their current lives and travel to another kingdom to begin over again. Valerian's father agrees with her, telling Galen that magic and sorcery are dying out, which will naturally bring about the end of dragonkind, and he is happy with it. Galen and Valerian cannot hope for any kind of good life in Urland. As the two begin to set out, Valerian's father gives her a final gift: A small metal crucifix on a leather thong for her to wear around her neck. She hugs him gratefully as she and Galen set off. Greil, having joined the priesthood after the death of Brother Jacobus, rings a bell calling all the villagers to prayer, and the blacksmith turns and goes to pray with the other villagers. Galen and Valerian are getting on a small rowboat with the few belongings they've brought with them. Galen suddenly pauses, looking up at the sky. Valerian follows his gaze to a curious sight she doesn't understand; the planets are coming into a rare alignment, and the moon is approaching the sun for a solar eclipse. Looking down suddenly, Galen sees the reflection of the sun on the water; as if the huge lake was burning. Suddenly he begins to understand. The burning water and lake of fire, as Hodge had said before he died, was all part of Ulrich's plan. He races back toward Vermithrax's lair, Valerian running behind him, completely bewildered and frightened. As they run, back in the village, Greil, leading the people in prayer, asks the village to come together and appeal to God to strike down Vermithrax. As Galen arrives at the dragon's lair, Valerian leaps suddenly, grabbing at his legs and tackling him to the ground, to try and stop him from killing himself. Galen finally explains that Ulrich, old and growing physically weak, couldn't make the journey to the lair on foot... so he had them make the journey for him. Inside the lair, Galen lights a torch. Valerian insists on coming along with him, although the sight of Elspeth's body, partially eaten by Vermithrax's young, shakes her courage. Galen makes his way to the lake of fire where he first encountered Vermithrax, and opens the pouch containing his master's ashes, scattering them into the burning water with an arcane incantation. The fire all throughout the cavern chamber goes out, and Galen's amulet begins to glow. A small patch of green flame rises from the water and begins to move slowly toward Galen. The flame begins to spin around in a small vortex that coalesces into a shape. Ulrich appears inside the flame and approaches Galen. Overcome with relief at being reunited with his master, Galen sadly tells Ulrich that he believes he's failed. He feels he hadn't been strong, as Ulrich said he would be... but Ulrich disagrees, saying he'll be stronger yet. But for now, they have much to do. As if to lend emphasis to Ulrich's words, Greil, back in the village, begins baptizing the villagers as Christians. Two young children peek outside and find Vermithrax flying through the air, readying itself for battle. Valerian finds her way out of the cave and spots Vermithrax perched on a high outcropping of rock. The dragon sniffs the air as Ulrich and Galen start to emerge. Vermithrax knows that it must fight for its life. It catches sight of Ulrich from afar and the two stare at each other briefly before Vermithrax takes wing again. Valerian finds her way back to Galen, finding Ulrich returned. He looks at her knowingly, recognizing her for who she was when she first came to see him, as he fingers the crucifix she now wears. Ulrich tells Galen that he has one more dire task ahead of him. He must destroy the amulet... and Ulrich along with it. Galen brought Ulrich back from out of the flame, and he must also send Ulrich back. Ulrich tells Galen that he will know the right moment, and must act while Ulrich still lives. The solar eclipse darkens the skies as Ulrich teleports up to the top of a mountain to face Vermithrax. Standing high on the mountaintop, Ulrich raps the ground with his staff, summoning a storm. Massive dark clouds cover the already dark sky as lightning and wind begin to rage. Galen and Valerian climb partway up the mountain and find a small alcove for shelter. They see Ulrich gesture, and the winds suddenly begin to calm as Galen's amulet begins to pulse. Vermithrax appears in the sky, at first so distant he appears as a mere speck among the clouds. Ominously he swoops down and begins to soar around the peak where Ulrich awaits. As Vermithrax swoops past Ulrich, the sorcerer barely ducking out of reach of its terrible talons, Valerian picks up a rock and puts it on the mountain face, telling Galen to smash the amulet as Ulrich told him. But Galen says that Ulrich also told him he'd know the right time... and he knows this isn't it. Vermithrax loops around for another dive at Ulrich, who points his staff and gestures, causing lightning to streak out of the clouds and smite the ancient dragon. Vermithrax is briefly knocked from the sky, falling ponderously, before recovering and regaining flight. It dives and rakes Ulrich with a claw, knocking the sorcerer to the ground; his shoulder bloodied. Ulrich struggles to his feet, looking at his wound, when suddenly Vermithrax is hovering in the air behind and above him. The dragon blasts Ulrich with a gout of fiery breath. Ulrich barks an incantation, and is unharmed by the flame, but his staff is burning, and Ulrich casts it aside. Valerian, seeing this, grabs the amulet from around Galen's neck and puts it on the rock she's prepared. She picks up another large stone and raises it above her head to smash the amulet. Galen grabs her arms and they struggle briefly over the rock; Galen urgently telling Valerian, 'Not yet.' Vermithrax climbs high into the skies, above the heavy tempest clouds, obscuring him from view. Ulrich waits on the mountaintop for it to strike again. Finally Vermithrax turns and dives, air rushing past its massive wings like a gale. Ulrich faces the beast down, spreading his arms wide-- just as Vermithrax seizes the aged sorcerer in its claw and soars back up toward the clouds with him. Pulling the rock away from Valerian, Galen goes to the amulet. He lifts the rock, hesitating briefly as he looks on it. Ulrich, still grasped in Vermithrax's claw, calls out to him. Taking a breath, Galen smashes the rock down on the amulet, destroying it. Ulrich's body detonates in a massive explosion that destroys Vermithrax in mid-air. Galen and Valerian watch as the dragon's body plunges from the sky, deep into a great lake. The force of impact and the heat from the dragon's still-smoldering corpse leaves a massive crater that displaces the water from the lake basin. Slowly the cloud cover breaks and the eclipse passes, brightening the skies once again. As Galen and Valerian make their way back down the mountain, they find Greil leading the villagers to the site of Vermithrax's body. Greil takes the dragon's death as a sign of deliverance by God. As the priest leads the villagers in prayers of thanks, a royal coach arrives bearing King Casiodorus. Taking up a broadsword, Casiodorus goes to Vermithrax's body and drives the blade of the sword into the remains of the great beast's head as Horsrik calls out for all to hail Casiodorus Rex, Dragon Slayer. With the king taking credit for the death of Vermithrax, and the people of Urland turning to God and embracing Christianity, the age of magic-- and dragons-- has come to an end. Galen and Valerian have resumed their journey out of Urland, to find a new life together. Galen has resigned himself to his new life as an ex-sorcerer and common man. Valerian knows he will miss Ulrich; not just as his master, but as a great friend and father figure. But unlike Galen, Valerian is very glad that the amulet is destroyed and gone. She tells Galen that he may not be a sorcerer anymore, but it matters nothing to her, as long as she has him. Galen takes comfort in her love for him... but then wishes that the two of them just had a horse. No sooner does Galen voice this wish when a beautiful white horse trots into view behind them over the edge of the hill. Valerian turns and stares, completely dumbfounded, as Galen can only give a huge, goofy grin. Dragonslayer comes to a close, the credits beginning to play as Galen and Valerian ride on the horse's back, continuing on their journey.
tt0078492
Action,Adventure,Drama
Colonel Allen Faulkner (Richard Burton), a middle-aged British mercenary and former Royal Army officer, arrives in London from Switzerland to meet the rich and ruthless merchant banker Sir Edward Matherson (Stewart Granger). The latter proposes an operation to rescue Julius Limbani (Winston Ntshona), imprisoned former leader of the fictitious central African country of Zembalia, who is due to be killed by the military dictator who overthrew him. Limbani, whose people believe he is already dead, is being held in a remote prison, guarded by ferocious African troops known as the "Simbas", under General Ndofa. Faulkner provisionally accepts the assignment and sets about recruiting his officers, all of whom have worked with him on previous African operations. They comprise: Shaun Fynn (Roger Moore) is a former RAF pilot. He is working as a currency smuggler, but when he realizes that he's actually running drugs, he kills the mafia drug dealer and consequently has a death contract placed in his head. Matherson forces the crime boss to lift the contract at the last moment. Pieter Coetzee (Hardy Krüger), is a South African mercenary who only wants to return to his homeland and buy a farm, but can barely afford to pay his rent in London. Rafer Janders (Richard Harris) is hired as an experienced mission planner. He initially refuses the job, as he's making some money as an art dealer and is planning a Christmas vacation with his son, Emile. But Faulkner persuades Janders to join the mission as the tactician. Retired R.S.M (Regimental Sergeant Major) Sandy Young (Jack Watson), is asked by Faulkner to serve as drill sergeant to train the troops and assist in recruitment. He is very willing, but his wife strongly disapproves. With the tacit approval and support of the British government, the 50 soldiers are transported to an unspecified African location, equipped and mercilessly trained by Young. The day before the mission is to begin, Janders exacts a promise from Faulkner to watch over his son Emile, and take care of him should Janders die on the mission. Faulkner agrees. The 50-man mercenary group are transported by plane and parachuted into the African country near Zembala Prison. Coetzee uses a powerful crossbow with cyanide-tipped quarrels to take out the prison sentries. The rest of the guards are killed silently with cyanide gas. They rescue Limbani, but he is clearly a sick man and is later hit by crossfire during the battle. All of the Simba guards along with one Cuban Army officer and advisor, are killed in the battle. The group then makes its way to a small airfield to await pickup. But backers of the project, led by Matherson, reach an agreement with the Zembalese government concerning valuable copper concessions, and the airplane due to collect them is recalled at the last minute. From this point onward, the abandoned mercenaries are forced to fight their way through hostile territory, pursued by the Simbas. It is also revealed here that Cuban, Soviet and East German army officers are training and advising the Simbas on their fighting skills and giving them orders to take out all of the foreign mercs. Meanwhile, the relationship between Limbani and Coetzee develops from initial animosity: "I bleed red like you, white man; don't call me kaffir" to one of understanding, as Coetzee comes to understand and appreciate Limbani's struggle, and realizes that white and black must work together. As they make their way south, heading for Limbani's home tribal land, they approach an old rickety wooden bridge. Only the first few vehicles make it across, when they come under aerial attack by a Simba jet fighter bomber that drops napalm. The bridge collapses under the weight of a fuel tanker, leaving the last jeep stranded on the northern river bank. In that jeep is Limbani, Coetzee, and medical orderly Arthur Whity (Kenneth Griffith). The mercenaries separate into two groups to continue to make their way to Limbani's home village, where they intend to provoke a revolution. However, most of the allied rebels are too ill-equipped and weak to fight. During all of this, Faulkner is forced to kill his own men who are gravely injured by the airstrike. Coetzee observes, "we can't leave them to the Simbas", whom will torture him to death. Coetzee is then killed while saving Limbani from a Simba ambush, leaving another soldier to carry Limbani. Witty is killed by machete-armed Simbas while trying to fend off another ambush, allowing the rest of the platoon to escape. Faulkner is reunited with the rest of the remaining 32 mercenaries at Limbani's village where an Irish missionary alerts them to the presence of an aging transport plane, a Douglas C-47 Skytrain aka "Dakota" at an old runway to provide for their escape. At the airfield, the mercs make their last stand. As the masses of Simba troops attack, the group guns down dozens of attacking Simbas, while attempting to board the plane, but many are killed in the fierce battle. While in the cockpit reading the plane for takeoff, Fynn is shot in his left leg, but manages to keep the plane moving. Janders is badly wounded and can't get onto the plane; he implores Faulkner to shoot him as he is running down the runway with mobs of Simba troops in chase. Faulkner cannot bear to shoot his friend, but there is no hope. As Janders cries out his son's name: Emile! Emile!", Faulkner shoots and kills him just as the plane takes off. The plane with the wounded Limbani and the surviving mercenaries, numbering only 13 men out of the original 50, is initially refused landing permission in nearby Rhodesia, but after they provide proof that Limbani is aboard, they are given permission to land at Kariba. But by the time they land, virtually out of fuel, Limbani has died of his wounds. Flynn passes out, wounded but still alive despite blood loss. Seeing that Limbani has died, Faulkner regards the whole mission a failure. Three months later, having managed to return to London, Faulkner breaks into Sir Edward's residence, holds him at gunpoint and takes half of the originally agreed payment from his safe. He then kills him. Faulkner and Flynn make a quick getaway. Faulkner fulfills his promise to Janders. In the closing scene, Faulkner visits Emile at his boarding school. Faulkner offers to tell Emile about his father.
tt0075824
Comedy,Drama
To have one role played by two actresses prompts one to speculate that the director intended to have different aspects of her personality shown by the one or the other. When asked about this, however, Fernando Rey told me personally that was not the case. They merely had two actresses they liked and decided to use them both because they couldn't pick obe over the other. Considering Luis Bunel's surrealistic inclinations throughout his career -- and throughout this film -- there was no question Rey was correct. After all, he was there and anyone who knows women knows what you get one day may not be what's there the next.
tt0070294
Horror
Physicist Lionel Barrett is enlisted by an eccentric millionaire, Mr. Deutsch, to make an investigation into "survival after death" in "the one place where it has yet to be refuted." This is the Belasco House, the "Mount Everest of haunted houses," originally owned by the notorious "Roaring Giant" Emeric Belasco, a six-foot-five perverted millionaire and supposed murderer, who disappeared soon after a massacre at his home. The house is believed to be haunted by numerous spirits, the victims of Belasco's twisted and sadistic desires. Accompanying Barrett are his wife, Edith, as well as two mediums: a mental medium and Spiritualist minister, Florence Tanner, and a physical medium, Ben Fischer, who is also the sole survivor of an earlier investigation. The rationalist Barrett is rudely sceptical of Tanner's Christian faith and spiritual beliefs, asserting that there is nothing but unfocused electromagnetic energy in the house. Barrett brings a machine he has developed, which he believes will rid the house of any paranormal presence or force. Though not a physical medium, Tanner begins to manifest physical phenomena inside the house. When, after a quarrel with Tanner, Barrett is attacked by invisible forces, he suspects that Tanner may be using the house's energy against him. Meanwhile Fischer remains aloof, with his mind closed to the house's influence, and is only there to collect the generous pay offered him to return. Edith Barrett is subjected to erotic visions late at night, which seem linked to her lackluster sex life. She goes downstairs and, in a seeming trance, disrobes and demands sex from Fischer. He instead strikes her, snapping her out of the trance, and she returns to herself, horrified and ashamed. A second incident occurs a day or so later (this time, she is awake but uninhibited due to alcohol); her husband arrives a moment later to witness her advances to Fischer and is resentful, stating to Fischer's face that he believes that Fischer no longer has any psychic ability and that "Mr. Deutsch is wasting one-third of his money!" Stricken by the accusation, Fischer finally drops his psychic shields but is immediately attacked. Tanner, convinced that one of the "surviving personalities" is Belasco's tormented son Daniel and determined to prove it at all costs, finds a human skeleton chained behind a wall. Believing it to be Daniel, Tanner and Fischer bury the body outside the house and Tanner performs a funeral. Despite this, Daniel's personality continues to haunt Tanner; she is scratched violently by a possessed cat and Barrett, seeing the scratches, suspects that Tanner may be mutilating herself. In an attempt to put the supposed Daniel to rest, Tanner gives herself to the entity sexually, and later appears to be possessed herself, temporarily. Barrett's machine is assembled. Tanner attempts to destroy it, thinking that it will harm the spirits in the house, but is prevented. She enters the chapel, the unholy heart of the house, in an attempt to warn the spirits, and is crushed by a falling crucifix. (During her dying moments, she leaves a clue written in her own blood, to the true source of the haunting, which she now knows.) Barrett meanwhile activates his machine, which seems to be effective. Finally activating his psychic abilities as he wanders in the house, Fischer declares the place "completely clear!" in astonishment. However, soon afterwards, violent psychic activity resumes and Barrett is killed. Fischer decides finally to confront the house, with Edith accompanying him despite her misgivings. In the chapel, a confrontation ensues: thanks to clues from the manner in which Tanner, Barrett and the previous investigators had died, Fischer deduces that Belasco is the sole entity haunting the house, masquerading as many. He taunts Belasco, declaring him a "son of a whore", and that he was no "roaring giant", but likely a "funny little dried-up bastard" who fooled everyone about his alleged height. Even as objects begin to hurl themselves at Fischer, he continues to defy the entity, until all becomes still, and a portion of the chapel wall shatters, revealing a hidden door. Going inside, Fischer and Edith discover a lead-lined room, containing Belasco's preserved body seated in a chair. Pulling out a pocketknife, Fischer rips open Belasco's trouser leg, discovering his final secret: a pair of prosthetic legs. Fischer and Edith realise Belasco had had his own stunted legs amputated, and used the prosthetics in a grotesque attempt to appear imposing. Belasco had the lead lined room specially built (Belasco himself possibly suspecting the electromagnetic nature of life after death that Barrett's theories predicted), in the event of his death, to preserve his spirit, afraid of what may happen otherwise. With the room now open, Fischer activates Barrett's machine a second time, and he and Edith leave the house, expressing hopes that Barrett and Tanner will guide Belasco to the afterlife without fear.
tt0073312
Comedy,War
Despite his protestations, the aloof and politically ambivalent Boris Grushenko (Woody Allen) is gradually drawn into the Russian army during the Napoleonic invasion of Russia, and despite his cowardly ways, he becomes a war hero. This makes him a potential partner for the lovely Sonja (Diane Keaton), who has long been the woman of his dreams, but who had never been more than a friend to him. Sonja's love had always been directed at Boris' brother Ivan. When Ivan's death in battle clears the way for romance, Sonja's doubts about whether she loves Boris ensure that her relationship with Boris develops very slowly, Bit by bit, however, they fall in love and that love continually deepens. Improbably, and as a result of Sonja's goading, Boris' pacifist philosophies evolve into activism to the point that he and Sonja plot to assassinate Napoleon (James Tolkan), but somebody else beats them to it by minutes. Unfortunately, Boris is the one discovered at the crime scene, and he is arrested and sentenced to death. While in prison, the atheist Boris is, strangely, transformed into a man of deep religious faith and he is visited by an angel that promises to save him from the firing squad. Unfortunately, his execution does take place, leaving Boris disillusioned, and at the moment of his death, his personal philosophy has settled into the realization that love and death are the true essence of the human experience, and that embracing deep religious and metaphysical philosophies, while intellectually stimulating, is an ultimately meaningless, fanciful pursuit.
tt0085636
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
In northern California, on the night of Saturday, October 23, we see a man running down a semi-rural road as the movie opens. Obviously being pursued, the man Harry Grimbridge (Al Berry) runs into a junkyard to try to hide or find help. Then we see his pursuers coming down the road in a car and enter the junkyard. The man tries to hide, to no avail; a well-dressed man who is stronger than he looks confronts him and begins choking him. The resourceful man saves himself by pulling a chock out from under a junked car, which rolls forward and pins his attacker against another car, allowing him to break free. Another well-dressed man with gray-silver colored hair (Dick Warlock) gets out of the car, but the pursued man flees across the junkyard on foot to dubious safety. A short distance away, as a storm begins to pass through, a gas station attendant named Walter Jones (Essex Smith) is passing time watching a news report about Stonehenge. The reporter is talking about an unsolved theft from some nine months earlier; someone had stolen a stone weighing several tons from the Stonehenge ruins in England and the local police are baffled. The TV cuts to a commercial for Silver Shamrock masks before the storm knocks out the power. Just then, the man from the junkyard bursts into the gas station, clutching a Silver Shamrock pumpkin Halloween mask, begging for help. The attendant, clearly disturbed, takes the man to the hospital. Meanwhile, not too far away, the recently divorced Dr. Dan Challis (Tom Atkins) stops off at home to see his ex-wife Linda (Nancy Kyes) and their two children. He's late arriving, a not uncommon occurrence with him. He has brought the kids some masks for the upcoming Halloween, but they are disappointed, saying "Mom already got us masks". They were Silver Shamrock masks. While Dan and his ex are talking, the kids turn on the TV and see another Silver Shamrock commercial, which they seem to enjoy immensely. Dan's beeper goes off - he is needed at the hospital. After promising to pick up the kids next weekend, he leaves. At the hospital, Dan meets the guy from the junkyard, and talks briefly to the gas station attendant who drove him in. The guy wakes up when he hears yet another Silver Shamrock commercial on a hospital TV, gasping out "They're going to kill us! All of us!!!!" while still clutching his mask. Feeling the man is deranged, Dan has him sedated and put in a hospital bed to recover. There being no further patients at the moment, Dan, making the most of having been recently divorced, goes off to flirt with the nurses, drink some beer, and take a nap in the doctors' lounge. Not long after, a car arrives at the hospital, and another silent, well-dressed man steps out and enters the building. He walks to the junkyard guy's room, where he is sleeping. The man clamps one of his hands over the guy's mouth (waking him up), and uses his other hand to poke his fingers in the guy's eye sockets and pull his skull apart. He is much stronger than he appears. A nurse walks in just then and confronts him; the man just walks away. Seconds later, the nurse sees what just happens and screams. Dan Challis, woken from his nap, comes running, just in time to see the man walk back to the parking lot. Dan runs out to confront him, but the man is already getting back into his car. Rather than drive away, he drenches himself with gasoline and lights himself on fire, causing an explosion which destroys both himself and the car. In the morning, the police are investigating, while Dan is arguing with his ex-wife over the phone. A dark-haired girl (Stacey Nelkin) walks into the room, the daughter of the man who was killed. Her name is Ellie Grimbridge, and we then learn the dead guy's name was Harry Grimbridge. Dan and the police try to comfort Ellie as best they can after she identifies the body. Both Dan and the police are bewildered by the event. After hearing the description, the police thought the well-dressed murderer was on drugs, but Dan, the doctor, said it appeared the man was in complete control of himself. In the middle of the week, Dan goes to see the assistant coroner, a woman named Teddy (Wendy Wessburg), and asks her what she has discovered. The answer is not much, the guy was just ashes. She will be looking at the remains of the burned car for clues for awhile yet. Dan asks her to keep him posted. He has still clearly rattled by the event and wants some answers. On Friday, two days before Halloween, Ellie finds Dan alone in a bar, where he had been drinking and watching TV. One of the nurses had told her she would probably find him there. She thanked him for attending her father's funeral and asked him if he had seen anything that might help her figure out what had happened. Dan, still wanting to know what had happened, told her about the mask and her father's last words - "They're going to kill us!" Dan and Ellie go to the late Harry's store downtown. It had been a distressed toy store before Harry's death; now it was "closed until further notice". The new shopping malls had siphoned off a lot of his business, but the town's children had been keeping the store afloat. There, Ellie showed Dan her own investigations. Harry had kept meticulous records at his business, and everything checked out until October 20, when he had gone to pick up more masks - Silver Shamrock masks, which were selling well. Dan remarked that Harry had been holding a Silver Shamrock mask when he was killed. Harry had never made it to his appointments on the 21st. Ellie wanted to go to the Silver Shamrock factory to investigate further, and Dan, intrigued by the mystery (and attracted to Ellie), went along with her. Just before driving out of town in Ellie's car with only a cooler for luggage, Dan calls his ex-wife to back out of his promise to pick up the kids the next afternoon, promising to pick them up on Halloween instead. As Dan and Ellie drive away, we see some TV's in a store window showing yet another Silver Shamrock commercial. In the weeks leading up to Halloween, Silver Shamrock had undertaken a major advertising blitz, saturating the airwaves with a catchy but obnoxious commercial for its Halloween masks, that counted down the days until Halloween to the tune of "London Bridge". The announcer in the commercial said that Silver Shamrock would be sponsoring the airing of the movie "Halloween" on Halloween night, to be followed immediately (at 9 p.m.) by a "big giveaway" - for which all the children were supposed to wear their masks and watch the TV closely. On Friday afternoon, Dan and Ellie arrive in Santa Mira, home of Silver Shamrock, a small town that seems to give off some weird vibes (a reference to the 1956 film 'Invasion of the Body Snatchers' which is set in a small town of the exact same name). It was founded in 1887 by Irish immigrants, and the principal (almost the only) industry was the Silver Shamrock factory, started after World War II by a man named Conal Cochran. They drive past the factory, which looks like the only major industry there. The townspeople stare at them, making them both uncomfortable. They see loudspeakers and moving video cameras on top of the utility poles. Not knowing exactly what to do next, they go to a cheap motel and rent a room, where they can talk strategy in privacy. While the motel keeper Rafferty (Michael Currie) is showing Ellie the room, Dan goes off to the office, ostensibly to pay the bill, but he checks the register while he was there. Harry Grimbridge's name was on the register. Ellie sees Cochran's car drive past, although she can't see inside the darkened windows. On his way back from the office, Dan meets another motel guest, Buddy Kupfer (Ralph Strait), a Silver Shamrock salesman; and his wife Betty (Jadeen Barbor) and their bratty son "Little Buddy" (Bradley Schachter). He also meets Marge (Garn Stephens), a department store owner who sold, among other things, Silver Shamrock masks at her store in San Francisco. Buddy seems to be enjoying the trip, but Marge is put out at having to come all the way to "this dump" because the factory messed up an order. Ellie wants to go to the factory right away and investigate further, but Dan convinces her to hold off for awhile. After a moment of awkwardness, in which time Dan isn't sure how well an advance would be received, Ellie gives him a clear opening, and he pounces on it. Outside, late afternoon is moving towards sunset, and at 6 P.M., the loudspeakers announce that the town is under curfew for the night. After dark, Dan goes out to the liquor store (which is open in spite of the curfew); on the way back, he meets Starker (Jon Terry), a local drunk and homeless man who begs a drink from the bottle off of him. Dan, seizing an opportunity to collect information, asks Starker about Cochran and Silver Shamrock, and he has nothing good to say about him. Starker tells Dan that he had applied for a job there years before, but had been turned away; in fact, all of Cochran's workers had been brought in from outside Santa Mira. In contrast to the motel keeper who had praised Cochran, Starker points out the video cameras and curses Cochran. He then says that he hoped to burn down Cochran's factory some day. Dan gives him a tip for his information and goes back to the motel. However, a few minutes later, the silver-haired well-dressed assassin shows up with another accomplice. Starker tries to back away from his drunken statements, but the men are unmoved, and while one of them restrains him, the silver-haired man pulls his head off of his shoulders with his bare hands. Back at the motel, Ellie meets Marge, and they talk briefly about the factory and the masks. Marge notices that the quality has suffered a little bit - the trade mark tag fell off one of the masks. Marge returns to her room, where she accidentally knocks the tag onto the floor, where it falls upside down revealing a small microchip - but she doesn't notice right away, sitting in bed reading. Meanwhile, Dan arrives back at the motel, and stops at the office to call Teddy. Teddy's investigation has gone nowhere - she found no human remains and had to assume that someone had mixed up the envelopes, and she had wasted two days examining burnt car parts. Dan returns to the room, where he and Ellie have a drink. While they are enjoying themselves, Marge decides she's had enough reading for the night and gets ready to sleep, but sees the trademark and the microchip on the floor and, being curious, starts to examine it and poke at it with a hairpin. Suddenly, a lightning bolt shoots out of the trademark at Marge's head, burning it almost beyond recognition. A single bug crawls from her mouth as she dies. Dan and Ellie are woken by yet another disturbance outside. It's a van, not an ambulance come to pick up Marge. The men from the van ignore Dan's offer of help, despite the fact that he is a doctor. As the van leaves, Conal Cochran (Dan O'Herlihy) pulls up and we meet him for the first time. Dan overhears the motel keeper tell Cochran that Marge had been hit by a "misfire". (What could that mean?) The next morning is Saturday the 30th. Dan calls Teddy at work again. Teddy has examined all the ashes, but not found a single trace of human remains, and she is wondering if someone has been tampering with the evidence. Dan asks her to investigate Cochran. However, after Dan hangs up, we see that the telephone is bugged. Dan and Ellie go to the factory in the morning, but learn nothing except Harry had picked up his masks and left. They are ready to go, but they meet Buddy Kupfer on their way in for a tour of the factory. Cochran comes out to meet them, and Buddy convinces Cochran to have them along on the tour. They see the workers making the masks. After seeing the masks, Cochran takes them to another room where there are some other Silver Shamrock products besides masks - mostly toys and novelties. Cochran gives Buddy Jr. a mask that has been through "final processing" - but he remains evasive about what final processing entails. He invites the Kupfers to breakfast the next morning, asking for Buddy's opinion about some more sales materials. While Cochran and Buddy are talking, Dan's attention wanders, and he spots several of the well-dressed guards. While he is telling Ellie in a low voice about it, Ellie spots Harry's car in one of the buildings. She runs forward to check it out, but several more of the well-dressed men step out from their posts and block her path. Dan and Ellie return to the motel room and go over what they know as it gets dark outside. They decide to leave the town and call the police. Dan goes to the office, but he cannot reach anyone on the telephone. No matter what number he dials, he gets a recorded message that the call cannot be completed. Returning to the motel room, he discovers Ellie is gone. She has been kidnapped by a group of well-dressed guards. The well-dressed guards surround him in the parking lot and approach him. Dan fleet to his room and escapes out the bathroom window and gets away from the guards, who are also driving up and down the streets looking for him. Dan tries to use a pay phone, but he gets the same recorded message there, too. Hoping to rescue Ellie, he goes to the factory, sneaks onto the grounds and breaks into the building. At first he sees no one, but after a brief search, he finds an old woman knitting. When he confronts her, he finds that the old woman is actually an elaborate machine! Then the silver-haired well-dressed guard finds him. Dan fights him, but he seems to be unaffected by his punches. After Dan punches him again, the guard goes limp, Dan pulls wires out of the guard's stomach and oil flows from his mouth. The guard was a far more elaborate machine! Two more android guards come up behind Dan and capture him. He had trouble beating one, and he has no chance against two. Cochran comes to see them before the guards take Dan to wherever he is to spend the night. On Sunday, Halloween morning, Cochran and several of the well-dressed android guards accompany Dan to the "final processing" room. On the way there, Cochran brags about how realistic his guards and other workers were. Once in the final processing room, Dan sees several workers on a scaffold chipping tiny pieces out of a large rock... the stolen stone from Stonehenge! There are some work stations and TV's arranged in a circle in front of the rock. The workers take a tiny particle of the rock and put it in the microchips on the back of each trademark on the masks. Cochran shows Dan on the video monitors Ellie tied up in one room, Marge's corpse in another room, and then, the room into which the guards are escorting the Kupfer family. The room is ominously labeled "Test Room A". The room is made up to look like an ordinary living room. At Cochran's order, one of the guards pushes the buttons to make a video play on the TV in the test room, where Little Buddy is trying to watch TV. It is the video that will be played later that night - the "big giveaway" video. It opens like any other Silver Shamrock commercial, but as the announcer exhorts his audience to watch, the video gives way to a jack-o-lantern flashing on the screen. After a few seconds, the rapt Little Buddy grasps his head and collapses. Multitudes of bugs and snakes crawl out of the mask. Betty faints; Buddy Sr. freaks out and tries to escape from the locked room, but he is attacked and killed by the snakes. The flashing jack-o-lantern and sounds from the commercial trigger the particle of rock in the microchip - now we see how the death of Marge was an accident, it had gone off when it wasn't supposed to. After a couple minutes, the entire Kupfer family is dead, and Cochran cuts the video and has the guards lead Dan away. Next, we see children in cities all over the country hearing the commercial reminding them to watch the big giveaway at 9:00 pm, buying Silver Shamrock masks, trick-or-treating. Challis's own kids are anxious to watch the big giveaway while wearing their masks. In the evening, Teddy is still trying to make sense of the autopsy, and tries to reach Dan in Santa Mira, but she gets the same recorded message that Dan heard. She tries the chief coroner instead, realizing that a lot of the things she has found in the ashes didn't look like car parts. Suddenly realizing something, she reaches for the phone once more to call the police, but one of the well-dressed android guards from Silver Shamrock sneaks up behind her and kills her with a power drill to her head. At 7:30 p.m., Cochran leaves Dan tied up in a room in front of a TV playing John Carpenter's "Halloween" - to be followed by the big giveaway. Dan asks him why. Cochran explains that the "good" reason is that it's all a great joke, but the "real" reason is he is carrying on an ancient Celtic tradition of ritual sacrifice. Cochran puts one of his masks over Dan's head and wishes him a happy Halloween just before he leaves. Once he has left, Dan looks at the clock and sets to work about trying to escape. He manages to scoot his chair over toward the TV, then kicks the screen in. At least the flashing jack-o-lantern can't come on now. Using a piece of broken glass from the TV, he cuts the straps that bind him, removes the mask, and throws it over the video camera watching the room. The room is locked, but Dan escapes through the ventilation ducts. It's after 8 p.m. now and time is running out. One of Cochran's worker-androids notices that Dan is no longer in the room, and they set about looking for him. He has, by this time, escaped to the roof of the building, and finds another way back in. He has to play hide-and-seek with the well-dressed android guards again. Then he finds a phone, tries it, and it works - Cochran had cut off the town's access to outside lines, but not from within the factory itself. He calls his ex-wife and desperately tries to convince her to get rid of the Silver Shamrock masks, but she refuses. She is angry that Dan has once again broken his promise (this time to pick the kids up on Halloween and take them trick-or-treating), accuses him of being drunk and/or jealous that the kids liked the masks better than the ones Dan picked out. She tells him to go to hell and hangs up. He can't try calling her again or someone else because the guards are coming back. Dan searches the building some more, and finds the room where Ellie is being held. He releases her, but the guards can now see him on the video cameras and know where he is. He manages to escape them for the time being, coming to the back of the final processing/control room. There he finds a box of the microchips - ready to be installed on the masks. An idea comes to mind. He takes a box of the micro-chipped trademarks, sneaks over to the computers and pushes the buttons he saw the guard push that morning - the ones that start playing the big giveaway video. This time, it starts playing on all the TV's in the control room. He runs back to the edge of the room and climbs onto a catwalk overhead and dumps the box onto the floor below. The microchips activate as they get near the TV's playing the flashing jack-o-lantern, "killing" the worker-androids - but not Cochran, who looks up at them, unaffected, and applauds. The flashing TV's, forming a circle, and the rock from Stonehenge, start to glow; something supernatural is taking place. Lightning bolts shoot out of both towards Cochran, who is transformed to stone and disappears. Then sparks fly from the stone and everything in the room starts to catch fire. Soon, the entire factory is burning - Starker got his wish posthumously. Dan and Ellie run from the factory, get into Ellie's car still at the motel, and with Dan driving this time they drive away. Dan and Ellie escape from Santa Mira, but the commercial is still set to go on the air at 9 p.m., which is only about 15 minutes away now. Dan asks Ellie if she can think of anything, then notices how strangely passive she has been and... how she hasn't spoken a single word since her rescue. When Ellie turns her head and attacks him, he realizes that the Ellie he rescued was another android, with a new skin to look exactly like the real Ellie (the real one presumably having been killed by the well-dressed guards or perished in the fire). Dan wrecks the car trying to fight off the 'Elliebot'. The crash rips one of robot-Ellie's arms off, and Dan has little trouble dispatching the rest of her with a tire iron by decapitating her, but now he is without transportation, and takes off running on foot. It's about 8:50 p.m. The 'Elliebot' continues to function. Panting and desperate to find a phone, he arrives at a gas station.... the same one where Harry took refuge eight days earlier. The attendant recognizes Dan from the hospital: "Hey, don't I know you?" It's straight-up 9:00 when Dan pleads with the technician at the TV station over the phone to take the commercial off the air, saying that everyone watching will die if it is allowed to air. The gas station attendant looks at him kind of funny as he shouts into the phone. Two children run inside to watch the commercial on TV at the gas station. Finally, the technician accedes to Dan's desperate request, and a "technical difficulties" sign appears on that TV station. The children switch to another station playing the commercial - it too goes off the air. They switch to a third station, and this time the commercial continues to play. The flashing jack-o-lantern appears and Dan continues to beg the technician to take the commercial off the air. Dan becomes ever more hysterical and screams to stop the commercial, as the commercial on the third station continues to run... and the movie suddenly ends on this cliff-hanger.
tt0085255
Action,Crime,Drama
In the Metropolitan Police Astro Division of Los Angeles, which controls all police helicopters, the night shift is about to begin. After checking off the list, Captain Braddock (Warren Oates) is looking for the senior pilot Frank Murphy (Roy Schneider). He orders the rookie observer Lymangood (Daniel Stern) to find Murphy. Lymangood finds Murphy in the ready room, playing with his digital wristwatch. In a few seconds, Murphy goes to talk to Braddock, only to find that his regular observer, Montoya, has been transferred to day shift. Instead, he gets the rookie Lymangood. The pair takes off in one of the helicopters, and Murphy is able to spot things on the ground, pointing out things even before the rookie can even get his binoculars on it. They respond to a store robbery call, shine the "midnight sun" searchlight onto one of the perps, and get shot at for their effort. However, a squad car arrives and officers quickly bring the suspect down. As the helicopter circles overhead, Murphy and Lymangood spot someone creeping up on the officers. They try to give directions, but it's too dark, and Murphy takes the helicopter down, only 10 feet off the ground, and "dust" the suspect, drowning him in dust, which gives the officers enough time to subdue the other suspect. Later that night, they spot an apparently abandoned vehicle, no plates, in the Brentwood neighborhood, pretty upscale. They call it in, and Murphy decides to show Lymangood something interesting. They fly over to nearby Encino, which is outside their patrol area. At 9:30PM, Lymangood is able to observe a very flexible young woman doing some amazing yoga moves in the nude. Unfortunately, they are interrupted. That "abandoned car" they spotted earlier was not abandoned. The character inside watches as a black woman drives her Lincoln by, opens her gate, and enters. He quickly follows and places a brick to block the gate so it can't close, and another car roars into the courtyard, smashing into the back of the black woman's car. Then two men emerge from the car and rush forward, one yelling "get the briefcase!" as the other tries to subdue the black woman. The patrol cars arrive on the scene just as the suspects try to escape, and run back into the yard, and Murphy's air unit arrives overhead, as they observe the ensuing gun battle. The two suspects only have light revolvers, while police are armed with revolvers and shotguns. One suspect is hit and falls face down into the swimming pool. The other tries to climb the fence with the briefcase, but he is spotlighted by the helicopter and police hit him twice. The briefcase falls and splits open, papers fly everywhere in the helicopter's downwash. The black woman is pleading, "Just let them go! Please!" as she staggers toward the gunfight. The suspect on the fence returns fire at the police, hitting the black woman instead in the neck. Then three policemen fire, hitting the suspect multiple times, who falls from the fence. Murphy, watching from above, suddenly has a Vietnam flashback, about being a pilot in a U.S. Army helicopter and about a man in North Vietnamese Army uniform falling after being pushed out of the helicopter by an unseen U.S. serviceman... and the helicopter loses several hundred feet in altitude before he regains control. A little later, Murphy's unit lands back at the base, and is summoned for a session with an angry Captain Braddock, who grounds both Murphy and Lymangood for that "stunt" over Encino, practically hovering right off someone's balcony, instead of patrolling over their assigned area, and may have prevented the assault on City Councilwoman McNealy (the black woman previously shot). McNealy is now in critical condition in hospital. McNealy had always criticized police tactics and this does not make the police look good. Murphy goes home, checks his phone messages on his anwsering machine, and is about to relax when he hears someone at the door fumbling with the lock. He pulls out his .38 pistol, only to find his girlfriend Kate (Candy Clark) and her son. They have a bit of discussion about their future, and she eventually leaves. The following evening, Murphy decides to check out Councilwoman McNealy's residence, now a crime scene, having heard that McNealy has died in the hospital, and the Watts district is in an uproar as racial tentions are starting to escalate. Detectives have already gone through it, retrieving most evidence they can find. However, Murphy is able to find a piece of paper lodged in a tree. Just when he gets back to his car, his pager goes off. He finds a public phone and call back to base... Captain Braddock wants him back at the base ASAP. Murphy returns to base, only to find Captain Braddock with two strangers dressed in black business suits, who introduce themselves as Mr. Fletcher (David Sheiner) and Mr. Icelan (Paul Roebling). The two 'men in black' announce that Metro is going be the testing ground for a new $5 million goverment built helicopter, and Murphy has been selected as the senior test pilot, and will be observing the demonstration. They get into a van and drive off outside the city. Murphy asks what is this about, Icelan replies that soon, it'll be 1984 Summer Olympics, which will attract all sorts of rabblerousers... terrorists, and what-not. Thus, some contingencies must be planned, such as this thing they're about to see. The van drives out into the desert, and approximately at sunrise, they arrive at the test range, along with various other observers: officers from various other law enforcement and military agencies, and many civilian contractors. The demonstration is for this new helicopter nicknamed "Blue Thunder", fully armored, and has a chain-gun in the nose capable to dealing out precise firepower. The chopper is also a full surveillance platform, with video, infra-red, and audio capabilities, as well as a "whisper mode" which cancels a lot of the noise from the rotor blades, and turbine boost for the two turbines for extra amount of power. It also has access to almost any computer database in the world. The chopper makes a impressive demonstration, eradicating red targets (for terrorists) quickly and efficiently, but it does take out a few white targets (civilians) as well. Murphy remarks to Braddock, who replies that one civilian dead for every 10 terrorists is an acceptable ration. Murphy replies sarcastically. When "Blue Thunder" lands, Murphy is surprised to recongize the pilot whom is old nemesis: Colonel Cochrane (Malcolm McDowell), the commander of his unit in Vietnam. Cochrane is surprised as well to run into Murphy. It is clear that both men do not like each other very much as Cochrane makes some sarcastic quirks to Murphy who quietly bushes it off. In private, Fletcher and Icelan talk with Cochrane about that they didn't know that he knew Murphy. Cochrane quickly dismisses Murphy as "no threat" to the program to Fletcher and Icelan. To make sure of this, Cochrane orders Fletcher and Icelan to have Murphy on a "check flight" the next day. Back at Metro Headquarters, Murphy finds Montoya (Joe Santos) and asks him about that "note" he found in McNealy's place which is in Spanish and to translate it for him. Next day, Cochrane is out first... and sabotages Murphy's helicopter for some reason by tampering with a wire in the engine. During the day, Cochrane pilots Blue Thunder, with Murphy and Lymangood piloting the faulty chopper. Before the flight, Lymangood tells Murphy that he heard that Murphy had actually did a 360 vertical loop in a helicopter. Cochrane walks by and remarks that the move is physically impossible. After a series of maneuvers, Murphy's chopper loses control of the engine and has to auto-rotate to a landing. After failing to land on top of a passing yellow school bus, Murphy crash lands his helicopter on a construction shack instead in the Watts neighhood. The construction workers help Murphy and Lymangood out while keeping a crowd of angry and racist black and Latino citizens at bay. Later that day, Montoya meets with Murphy for he has translateted the note which tells something about some weird people in the barrio making trouble, and something about "THOR". Both Murphy and Montoya have no idea what it stands for. The next morning, Murphy confronts Cochrane in a parking garage about his suspicions that he may have sabatoged his helicopter in trying to kill him for some irrational grudge against him steming from their service in Vietnam. Cochrane (clearly revealed as a charming sociopath at this point to the viewers) calmly denies any wrongdoing and tells Murphy that HE is the one who has a problem with him over being too soft-hearted. A little later, Braddock approaches Murphy claiming that Cochrane had just told him that Murphy threatened him with physical harm in the parking garage (with Cochrane naturally playing-acting as the "poor, innocent victim"). Murphy tells Braddock that Cochrane is lying and he has an agenda. Braddock wants to belive Murphy, but tells him to stay away from Cochrane to avoid any further hassles. That evening, Cochrane's attempt to kill Murphy apparently didn't prevent both Murphy and Lymangood from flying the Blue Thunder for a test flight at night. Lymangood has previously learns that everything recorded onboard the Blue Thunder goes into a special tape deck below. Murphy and Lymangood take off to test the Blue Thunder. The first thing Murphy and Lymangood do is take out the fuse for the cockpit voice recorder, so they can have a private conversation. They agree on where to stash the fuse for later use. They find plenty of harmless targets to test the various capabilities. Just as they are returning, they spot Cochrane and Fletcher leaving the Metro building. Instead of returning to base and landing, they decide to follow Cochrane to see what he is up to, and they end up in the Federal Building downtown. Lymangood starts playing with the computer, looking up his own information, and it's amazingly complete. Murphy tries to look up his own info, but gets: "FILE UNDER REPAIR". He tries to search Cochrane, and gets a long military service history, as well as "currently assigned to Project THOR". An inquiry about Project THOR shows that T.H.O.R. stands for Tactical Helicopter Offensive Response. Murphy orders the whisper mode activated, thermal vision activated, and audio surveillance activated, as they search the Federal Building for Cochrane, and they find him, along with other people in the project, discussing the killing of McNealy, about how McNealy realized that they're stirring up trouble so she HAD to go, and how Murphy is becoming a problem and will be taken care of soon. Cochrane eagerly offers to kill Murphy himself and claims that he wished he had done it in Vietnam. The group agrees and permits Cochrane to kill Murphy whenever he feels the time will be right. It is right then when Cochrane looks out the window... only to see Blue Thunder looking back at him! Blue Thunder quickly returns to base. At the base, Lymangood quickly "borrows" the code cards to remove the videotape, before any one else can get to it, while Murphy goes to find Braddock to tell him what he heard, only to find Icelan standing beside Braddock in Braddock's office, thus leaving Murphy with no choice but to keep silent. Murphy sees Lymangood removing the videotape from the helicopter, but plenty of people also see him do it. Later that night, Lymangood returns home, only to find his place burglarized, and a stranger sitting in his chair. Before he can utter a sound, he gets hit from behind and tied up, and his mouth taped up. The same perp who was at the NcNealy attack and a part of the Cochrane conspiracy meeting at the Federal building is outside in his car waiting for them. The two thugs tell Lymangood that they want the videotape, and they are willing to torture Lymangood to get it. They start by breaking one of Lymangood's fingers. Lymangood fakes compliance, and is able to disable the two attackers in his house. After subduing both of them, he runs outside, and the third perp chases him in the car. Lymangood almost gets away except when he runs into a bicyclist and falls, and gets run over by the perp and dies at the scene. Murphy, who was on the way to Lymangood's house, happens upon the scene as a paramedic team is putting Lymangood into a body bag. Murphy angrily curses at himself, but he knows that he has to get away, for whoever killed Lymangood will pin the killing on him. Murphy gets away before a squad car arrives on the scene. The next morning at Astro Division HQ., Murphy sneaks into the main hangar and into Blue Thunder. He reinserts the fuse into the cockpit voice recorder and finds Lymangood's last audio message: he hid the videotape in a dumpster out by a drive-in theater's projection shack. Murphy is deciding what to do when a mechanic knocks on the window and shouts: "Hey! You're not supposed to be in there!" Murphy thinks for a second, then pulls his pistol and points it at the mechanic, who quickly flees. Murphy quickly dons the helmet and starts the engines, and takes off. While Cochrane and others are deciding what to do next, they see Murphy take off in Blue Thunder. Murphy quickly uses the mobile operator on board the helicopter to place two phone calls, one to Alf Hewitt (James Murtaugh), a Channel 8 investigative reporter, and one to Kate asking her to go find the tape at the dumpster and deliver it to the Channel 8 studio. Cochrane and the members of the conspracy overhear Murphy's two phone calls and decide to kill him before he goes public with what he knows. Kate arrives at the drive-in theater. Seeing no one, she crashes through the front gate. The cleaner sees this and quickly calls the police. After some frantic searching, Kate finds the videotape, but only by jumping into the dumpster herself. She pulls it out just as a police car arrives. Murphy returns to escort Kate to the Channel 8 news building. Kate, being a pretty crazy driver, is able to evade pursuit by several police cars. Meanwhile, a SWAT team armed with heavy machine guns have boarded two helicopters, and have appeared on either side of Murphy. However, Murphy does not react at first. When one helicopter opens fire, Murphy responds by knocking the front searchlight off the shooter, then puts just a few bullets into the engine to force the helicopter down. The other chopper opens fire, but with little effect since most of the bullets bounce off harmlessly at Blue Thunder's thick armor. Murphy flies down into the L.A. reservoir channels, and in a series of tight turns, the police chopper, heavily laden, is unable to make a turn and crashes into a pillar, fortunately suffering no casualties. Back on the ground at police headquarters, Cochrane and his team are portraying Murphy to reporters and everyone else as a madman who killed his partner and is now in the sky doing terrorist acts (having fabricated Murphy's personnel file to include a vast list of false crimes). They convince Braddock and the local mayor (Jason Bernard) to ask the Air Force for help. Two F-16 fighter jets are scrambled. Elsewhere, Kate is driving calmly when another police car recognizes her after being contacted by Cochrane to detain her. She tries to evade, but her small car cannot outrun a police car. She is stopped on a bridge when cornered by two police cars. The officers, with pistols drawn, order her out of her car when Murphy shows up in Blue Thunder. When the officers are distracted, she drives away. Murphy activates the cannon and fires a quick burst, cutting a police car in half and forcing the rest of the police cars to flee, but again causing no police casualties. Kate makes it to Channel 8 news station. She has the tape still in the "eraser" container, which can be remotely activated to erase the contents of the tape. She enters and finds the lobby in chaos from the people asking about what is going on. She looks for Alf Hewitt, but she is told by the lobby receptionist that he's busy on a story. Just then, Fletcher arrives and pretends to be Hewitt's producer, and tries to charm the supicious Kate to give him the tape. Hewitt appears and is ready to take Kate away, and claims that has never saw Fletcher in his life. Fletcher tries to fight them for the tape, and pulls out a gun. The lobby security guard strikes Fletcher behind the ear with his gun knocking him out. Fletcher still has the grip on the cover, and as he falls, he pulls the cover off the tape. Just then, Cochrane and his boss (unable to find the code to the video cover to erase the tape) orders the "eraser" activated for all the videotapes, but it's too late for the tape is no longer in the cover. Meanwhile, the two Air Force fighters are approaching downtown L.A. Murphy sees them, then slows to a hover... right above the smokestack of a barbeque shack in nearby Chinatown. When one of the F-16 fighters opens fire with a Sidewinder missile, it goes astray and blows up the BBQ restaurant to bits, raining chicken all over the area. The two jet fighters fly off to regroup. The other fighter decides to take a shot. This time, Murphy hovers between the Arco towers over downtown, just as a SWAT team arrives to order everyone out of the area. The Sidewinder missile, delfected by the reflection of the sun onto the building, hits the Arco Tower instead, raining debris down below. The two fighters circle, but Murphy's not done. He activates the cannon, and with a long-range burst, catches one of the F-16's in the wing. The pilot ejects while the second F-16 retreats. At Astro Division HQ, a Hughes MD5 Defender chopper has arrived, armed with two powerful 20mm guns with armor-piercing bullets. Cochrane suddenly orders the existing pilot out as he'll fly the thing... wanting to kill Murphy himself. Cochrane requests permission to take off. The mayor, having lost two police helicopters, a BBQ shack, one F-16, AND a part of a skyscraper, has had enough, and denies permission to take off. Cochrane takes off anyway, with steel-like determination to kill Murphy. Meanwhile, Alf Hewitt and Kate are watching the tape in his office, and Hewitt was amazed at the content: it's a Federal government conspiracy to stir up trouble in the barrio, so that they can get funding for this armed helicopter program! Thus, Murphy is not only NOT insane, he could be "the hottest thing since Horatius at the bridge", according to Hewitt. He makes a call to someone. Back up in the air, Murphy is watching the F-16 pilot drifting back down to earth under his parachute when the evil Cochrane attacks from his blind-side. The heavy cannons punch through the cockpit and wound Murphy, causing damage to the Blue Thunder chopper, as well as jam the nose turret into a "straight-ahead" position. Murphy quickly goes into evasive maneuvers, as the two adversaries dogfight among the skyscrapers and landmarks of the city in a climatic aerial battle. Murphy tries to set an ambush by turning around and hovering behind a building and opens fire, but Cochrane gets away, as his lighter armored chopper is faster and more maneuverable. And with a bit more maneuvering, he's right back behind Blue Thunder and Murphy, who's busy dodging bullets among abandoned factories. In another flashback to Vietnam, it is revealed that Cochrane was the soldier who pushed the North Vietnamese soldier out of the hovering helicopter that Murphy was flying, and thus tried to court-marial Murphy for insubordination to cover up the killing. Back in the present, with Blue Thunder now the hunted, a desperate Murphy decides on a gamble to end it all. He enables the helicopter's turbine boost on both engines, and goes for the 360 vertical loop. Cochrane tries to follow. The Blue Thunder completes the loop, and the cannon is heading up, as Cochrane's chopper is stuck in the sky, trying to loop but can't. Murphy opens fire with the cannon... and Cochrane's chopper explodes, killing the psychopath at last. As it begins to get dark, Murphy spots a freight train traveling at a moderate speed. He lands ahead of the train, and tries to get out before the train hits. The train, unable to stop in time, smashes the chopper into pieces in a final big explosion. The final shot shows an exhausted Murphy walking away from the remains of Blue Thunder. Freeze frame. In a final voiceover by Alf Hewitt, he reports that Murphy ran out of fuel and destroyed the prototype helicopter and he begins to talk more about a goverment conspiracy behind the construction of Blue Thunder.
tt0079641
Drama,Horror
Set in the late 19th century, Jonathan Harker is an estate agent living in Wismar, Germany. His boss, Renfield, informs him that a nobleman named Count Dracula wishes to buy a property in Wismar, and assigns Harker to visit the count and complete the lucrative deal. Leaving his young wife Lucy behind in Wismar, Harker travels for four weeks to Transylvania, to the castle of Count Dracula. He carries with him the deeds and documents needed to sell the house to the Count. On his journey, Jonathan stops at a village, where locals plead for him to stay clear of the accursed castle, providing him with details of Dracula's vampirism. Harker ignores the villagers' pleas as superstition, and continues his journey unassisted ascending the Borgo Pass. Harker arrives at Dracula's castle, where he meets the Count, a strange, ancient, almost rodent-like man, with large ears, pale skin, sharp teeth, and long fingernails. The lonely Count is enchanted by a small portrait of Lucy and immediately agrees to purchase the Wismar property, especially with the knowledge that he and Lucy would become neighbors. As Jonathan's visit progresses, he is haunted at night by a number of dream-like encounters with the vampiric Count. Simultaneously, in Wismar, Lucy is tormented by night terrors, plagued by images of impending doom. Additionally, Renfield is committed to an asylum after biting a cow, apparently having gone completely insane. To Harker's horror, he finds the Count asleep in a coffin, confirming for him that Dracula is indeed a vampire. At night, Dracula leaves for Wismar, taking with him a number of coffins, filled with the cursed earth that he needs for his vampiric rest. Harker finds that he is locked in the castle, and attempts to escape through a window with a makeshift rope. The rope, fashioned from bedsheets, is not long enough, and Jonathan falls, severely injuring himself. He awakes on the ground the next morning, stirred by the sound of a young gypsy boy playing a violin. He is eventually sent to a hospital and raves about 'black coffins' to doctors, who then assume that the sickness is affecting his mind. Meanwhile, Dracula and his coffins travel to Wismar by ship, via the Black Sea port of Varna, thence through the Bosphorus and Gibraltar straits and around the entire west European Atlantic coast to the Baltic Sea. He systematically kills the entire crew, making it appear as if they were afflicted with plague. The ghost ship arrives, with its cargo, at Wismar, where doctors including Abraham Van Helsing investigate the strange fate of the ship. They discover a log that mentions their perceived affliction with plague. In turn, Wismar is flooded with rats from the ship. Dracula arrives in Wismar with his coffins, and death spreads rapidly throughout the town. When Jonathan is finally transported home, he is desperately ill, and does not appear to recognize his wife. Lucy later has an encounter with Count Dracula; weary and unable to die, he demands some of the love that she gave so freely to Jonathan, but she refuses, much to Dracula's dismay. Now aware that something other than plague is responsible for the death that has beset her once-peaceful town, Lucy desperately tries to convince the townspeople, but they are skeptical and uninterested. She finds that she can vanquish Dracula's evil by distracting him at dawn, but at the expense of her own life. She lures the Count to her bedroom, where he proceeds to drink her blood. Lucy's beauty and purity distract Dracula from the call of the rooster, and at the first light of day, he collapses to the floor, dead. Van Helsing arrives to discover Lucy, dead but victorious. He then drives a stake through the heart of the Count to make sure Lucy's sacrifice was not in vain. In a final, chilling plot twist, Jonathan Harker awakens from his sickness, now a vampire, and arranges for Van Helsing's arrest for the murder of Count Dracula. He is last seen traveling away on horseback, garbed in the same fluttering black as Dracula, stating enigmatically that he has much to do.
tt0073582
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
In the opening shot, while a child's song is playing in the background, a scream is heard, a unknown bloody knife is thrown to the floor, and a youngsters feet stand by the knife. Marcus Daly (David Hemmings) a British jazz pianist is conducting some music and tells the musicions that the music must be more perfect. At the same time, Helga Ulmann (Macha Meril) is at a lecture with Professor Giordani (Glauco Mauri) and Mario Bardi. During the presentation, Helga reacts violently to a premonition of a "twisted mind" and she says "you have killed, and you will kill again!" Helga also mentions a singing child. Someone in the audience gets up a leaves. Later, Helga tells Giordani that she may know who the killer is and that she will write it down and tell him tomorrow. At Helga's apartment, she is on the phone with her German publisher when she hangs up after hearing a children's song being played in the background. A minute later, the front doorbell rings. Helga gets up to answer it when she has a bad psychic vibe and backs away from the door. Just then the door bursts open and the killer (unseen except for wearing a brown raincoat and black leather gloves) bursts in and attacks her with a meat cleaver, stabbing her several times. Leaving her for dead, the killer then takes Helga's notes and begins to look through her papers while Helga tries crawling away. Down in the square below Helga's apartment, Marcus is talking with his constantly inebriated friend Carlo (Gabriele Lavia). Shorly after Carlo leaves, Marcus looks up and sees a bloody Helga crash through her apartment window. Marcus runs up to Helga's apartment, helps her dead body out of the broken window, and sees a person in a brown raincoat running away through the square. A little later, the police arrive and question Marcus about witnessing the killing. Marcus feels that something from the apartment is missing but cannot put his finger on what it is. Just then Gianna Brezzi (Daria Nicolodi) a fiesty photojournalist, enters the apartment, but is told to stay away by the lead detective. After his interogation, Marcus speaks with a drunk Carlo again in the square where he thinks he remembers a paint when initially entering Helga's apartment, but later was not able to locate it. At Helga's funeral, Gianna suggests that she and Marcus work together to find the killer on their own. Marcus sarcasticly thanks her for printing his name in the local newspaper and declaring him a witness which would make it easier for the killer to come after him. After discussing Helga's premonition with Giordani and Mario, and seeing Carlo to talk about the mysterious missing painting, Marcus goes to his aparment to compose some music. He soon hears the children's song, followed by the sounds of his door creaking open. As the phone rings, Marcus jumps up and pulls the door to his room shut, just when the unseen killer attacks. The killer leaves and whispers threats to him before leaving. The next day, Marcus goes to a record store and after going through albums of children's music, finds the song he heard. Mario tells him a folktake involving a haunted house in which a singing child is heard, followed by the shreiking of someone being murdered. In investigating the source of the music tune, the search leads Marcus to a novel which was written by a cerain Amanda Righetti (Giuliana Calandra), titled 'House of the Screaming Child' which describes a long-ago murder. In attempting to find Amanda Righetti to talk to her about her book, the unseen killer arrives at Righetti's villa first and murders her. The female author is stabbed in the spine, then dragged into a bathroom and drowned in a bath filled with scaldingly hot water. But Righetti manages to write a message on the wall of the steam-filled bathroom before expiring. Marcus finds the body, but aware that the police will think he did it, leaves the area without calling anyone. Marcus removes a photo of the supposed haunted house from the novel to help him in his search for the mysterious house. The photograph shows some exotic palm trees on the house grounds. Marcus tracks down the greenhouse owner who admits to selling a dozen or more Canary Island palms to that house, and procures the house's address from past records. Driving around, Marcus finally locates the house and learns from the caretaker who claims that no one have lived in the house before 1963 when the previous owner was killed. Marcus looks around and discovers a children's drawing on a wall long plastered over of a little boy holding a unknown bloody knife next to a murdered man. Meanwhile, Giordani investigates the Righetti murder scene after the police collect the body and leave, and on a hunch, turns on the hot water in the bathroom and sees part of the message left on the wall by murder victim. When Giordani returns to his office that night to investigate more, the unseen killer breaks in and kills him too - first by bashing his face against his desk, and then stabbing him through the neck. When Marcus learns of Giordani's murder, he makes plans to leave town but then discovers the clue that he overlooked in the photo of the deserted house: a window on one of the walls is missing. Marcus returns to the house after dark and after unsuccessfully trying to bash in the wall where the window was, which leads to him nearly falling off the scaffolding, he enters the house and using a pickaxe, bashes down an end-wall in a hallway and discovers the secret room with a rotting skeleton next to a Christmas tree. But the unseen killer arrives and knocks Marcus out. When he regains consciousness, he finds the house on fire, and Gianna by his side who arrived in the nick of time to pull him out of the house. Marcus and Gianna go to the villa caretaker's house to call the police and fire department when Marcus discovers that the caretaker's young daughter, Olga, had drew an identical drawing of the little boy with a bloody knife standing next to a Christmas tree with the murder victim. Olga tells them that she found the drawing and copied it from old file archives at her junior high school. Marcus and Gianna break into the Da Vinci Junior High School to search the archives for the drawing, when Gianna is stabbed by the killer and Marcus finds the painting, with the name on it which is Carlo, who appears before Marcus holding a gun and threatening to kill him for getting too close. Just then, the police led by the superintendent Calcabrini arrive and Carlo flees, but in a twist of fate, he gets sideswiped by a passing garbage truck which he gets hooked onto the fender and gets dragged down the street to his gruesome death. With the case apparently wrapped up with Carlo being the killer, Marcus drops off the severely wounded Gianna at the hospital, but in going back to the scene of the crime, tries to remember what he thought he saw. Carlo could not have murdered Helga Ulmann because he was with Marcus on the street when they saw the killer stabbing Ulmann. Marcus enters the murder victim's apartment and, after looking around, finally remembers what he saw in a mirror reflection that night: the face of the killer. The identity of the killer is finally revealed to be Carlo's insane mother Martha (Clara Calamai). Martha suddenly appears in the apartment and reveals everything to Marcus; when Carlo was still a child, he watched as his mother murdered his father when he tried to have her committed to a mental hospital. The young Carlo and mother then entombed the body in a room of their house. Wielding a meat cleaver, Martha chases Marcus around the complex and into the foyer with an elevator. Marcus gets hit in the shoulder by the cleaver, and, in the process, he kicks Martha toward the elevator shaft. Her excessively long necklace slips in through the crossed metal bars. She tries to pull herself away and, in doing so, the large pendant on the end of the necklace becomes lodged between two small metal bars. As Martha is desperately trying free her necklace, Marcus Daly realizes she is caught and presses the button to activate the lift. It travels downward and the necklace starts choking her tightly. Her hands are clad in black leather gloves, making her fingers much too thick to slip in-between her neck and the necklace to try and save herself before it's too late. The elevator provides so much force that the necklace ends up cutting through her neck, decapitating her... creating a huge 'deep red' bloodstain all over the marble floor.
tt0089173
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
A young Tommy Jarvis (Corey Feldman) stumbles upon a graveyard while walking through the woods on a rainy night, where he witnesses two grave robbers digging up the corpse of Jason Voorhees. Jason rises from the grave and murders the two graverobbers before advancing towards Tommy. Awakening from his nightmare, fifteen-year-old Tommy is delivered to Pinehurst; a halfway house in which he can hope to acclimate to a normal life. The director Pam introduces Tommy to the head doctor Matt, and up in his assigned room, he meets Reggie, a boy who is visiting his grandfather George who works in the kitchen. Other teens introduced are Robin, goth Violet, shy Jake, attitude-ridden Vic and compulsive eater Joey. The sheriff brings two more residents, nymphomaniac couple Tina and Eddie, after catching them having sex on the neighbor Ethel Hubbard's lawn. The Hubbards show up moments later and threaten to have the "loony bin" closed down. Afterward, Vic and Joey get in a minor altercation, which results in Vic slaughtering Joey with an axe and he is subsequently arrested. Attending ambulance drivers Duke and Roy Burns discover the body. Roy is devastated and angered by Duke's light attitude regarding the murder. That night, two teens, Pete and Vinnie, are stranded by the road. They are soon killed when an unseen killer shoves a road flare into Vinnie's mouth, then slashes Pete's throat with a machete. The following night, hospital orderly Billy and his girlfriend Lana are killed with an double-bit axe. Panic begins to ensue, but the mayor refuses the sheriff's claim that somehow Jason Voorhees has returned. Meanwhile, Tommy experiences hallucinations of Jason (in his regular hockey mask) when he takes his medicine while Tina and Eddie run off to have sex. Ethel's temporary farmhand is murdered watching the teens have sex, then Tina's eyes are gouged out by a pair of long-handle garden shears while Eddie is away for a moment. He returns to discover her, and is killed when his skull is crushed against a tree with a belt. At the house, George gives Reggie permission to visit his visiting brother Demon, and Matt convinces Pam to take Tommy with them. While there, Junior instigates a fight with Tommy, and he runs off when Pam tries to stop it. After Reggie and Pam leave, Demon and his girlfriend Nita are killed as well. Pam returns Reggie to the house and they say that Matt and George left to find Tina and Eddie who hadn't returned and Pam leaves to find everyone. At the Hubbard farm, Junior is decapitated riding his bike angrily in the yard while Ethel is killed with a cleaver into her face. While watching ''A Place in the Sun'' on TV, Jake confesses his attraction to Robin who laughs at him and he storms off, only to be killed by a cleaver to his face. Later, Robin goes to bed and discovers Jake's body before she is brutally stabbed from under her bed. The killer moves into Violet's room and stabs her while she is dancing to music. Reggie awakens and discovers their bodies in Tommy's room before running into Pam. Jason bursts into the house and chases them out into the rain, after discovering Duke's dead body they double back and Pam finds Matt, dead with a spike through his skull. She returns to the house and George, whose eyes had been gouged out, is thrown through a window at her. She rushes toward the barn, chased by Jason, but he is struck by a tractor driven by Reggie. They run into the barn and hide as Jason comes to find them. Tommy comes shortly after and believes Jason to be a hallucination until he is attacked by him. Together, they manage to have Jason into falling out of the loft window and he is killed on a harrow below. In the process, it is revealed that it was actually Roy Burns all along. At the hospital, the sheriff tells Pam that Joey was Roy's son, and after seeing him slaughtered adopted Jason's M.O. to kill everyone at the house. She goes to Tommy's room who awakens and stabs her with a hidden machete before Tommy awakens to a hallucination of Jason. Facing his fears, he makes Jason's illusion disappear. He hears Pam approaching and throws his bed through the window to make it look like he's escaped. When she rushes in, he appears from behind the door, wearing Roy's hockey mask and holding a knife as the screen goes to black.
tt0089941
Action,Adventure,Drama
The story follows the escape of two men from an Alaska prison, the efforts of a train dispatching office to safely stop the out-of-control train they are on, and the hunt by their warden to recapture them. Oscar "Manny" Manheim (Jon Voight) is a ruthless bank robber and hero to the convicts of Stonehaven Maximum Security Prison. After two previous escape attempts the doors to Manny's cell have been welded shut for three years. A court order compels Manny's nemesis, the vindictive Associate Warden Ranken (John P. Ryan), to release him back into the general prison population. Manny immediately sets his next escape plan into action. Buck (Eric Roberts) is another convict (convicted of statutory rape) who, due to his position in the prison's laundry room, is recruited to smuggle Manny out in a laundry trolley. Naive and unintelligent, Buck decides to escape with Manny, who doesn't care for company. After a freezing cross-country hike (involving a 300 ft drop into a river and subsequent swim) the two hop on board a train consisting of four locomotives at a remote Alaskan rail yard. Just as the train is set in motion, the elderly engineer suffers a heart attack. In attempting to stop the train and get off, the engineer does not close the throttle, instead pulling on the conductor's emergency brake lever, before collapsing off the still-moving train. Consequently, although the brakes apply, the locomotives overpower them, and the brake shoes burn off, making it now impossible to stop the train. Neither the two convicts nor the only railway worker left on the train, a locomotive hostler named Sara (Rebecca De Mornay), are aware of their situation (the convicts due to taking refuge inside the fourth car's toilet compartment, Sara due to being asleep in the second car). As the train accelerates, dispatcher Frank Barstow (Kyle T. Heffner) is alerted to the situation. Unaware of the failure of the brakes, Barstow authorises employees to allow the runaway out onto the main-line, arrogantly insisting that a computer-controlled signalling system of his creation will trigger a brake application on the locomotives. The last of the brake-shoes burn out and the dispatchers realise the severity of their situation, forcing them to keep the tracks clear. The runaway collides with the tail-end of a freight train that was in the act of moving out of its path. Learning that the train's excessive speed will most likely collapse an elderly trestle ahead, Barstow's superior orders him to derail it, believing that no one alive is on board. Upon doing so, the signal maintainer hears the whistle. Realising someone is indeed alive on the train, Barstow orders a reversal of the switch. The speeding train continues onwards towards the aging Seneca trestle, where emergency workers are gathering in expectation of a disaster. Warden Ranken concludes that his two escaped convicts are escaping by rail. Meanwhile, the two fugitives have found Sara on board when she climbs back to the fourth engine in the belief she'll be safer in a possible collision at the rear. Now aware the engineer must be dead, the three must get to the lead engine so they can press its emergency fuel cutoff switch. Sara informs them that they can't because the second locomotive is a streamlined F-unit with no forward catwalk. Its nose door, which would normally allow access to the lead engine, is jammed. At her suggestion, they are able to slow the train by disconnecting the electrical bus link cables supplying commands to the two rear locomotives, shutting them down. Unintentionally, this slows the train enough that it is able to safely cross the Seneca trestle. The dispatchers divert the runaway onto a branch after determining it only five minutes away from a head-on collision with a passenger train. This is only a brief respite, as further ahead the branch negotiates a tight curve adjacent to a chemical plant. Even at its reduced speed, the runaway is likely to derail on this curve and trigger a major chemical spill. His hand forced by his superiors, Barstow agrees that they must switch the runaway onto a stub-ended siding and crash it, thus sending the three people on the train to almost certain death, rather than risk a catastrophic chemical explosion. Warden Ranken refuses to wait, coercing Barstow's assistance in chasing down the train by prison helicopter. Manny shows an increasingly violent streak, repeatedly asserting his dominance over Buck. He eventually forces Buck to attempt a suicidal scramble around the outside of the second engine's nose (Buck already having tried once and failed). Sara's intervention on Buck's behalf forces an armed face-off between the two convicts. Emotionally broken, all three slump into a fatalistic depression, only broken when Ranken's helicopter catches up with the train. Spurred on by the appearance of his arch-foe, and resolved not to return to prison, even if it means his own death, Manny makes a perilous leap to the lead engine. There, after a struggle with Ranken (who has successfully boarded by helicopter), he handcuffs Ranken inside the cab. To the music of the second movement of Vivaldi's Gloria in D (Et In Terra Pax), Manny then uncouples the first engine from the rest of the train, leaving Buck and Sara safely behind. He refuses to stop the lead engine despite Buck's screamed pleas. With Ranken his prisoner now, Manny climbs onto the roof of the lone engine in the freezing cold and blowing snow, his arms stretched out in a cruciform shape, ready to meet his end. After a series of cross-cuts of Buck and Manny's fellow inmates mourning in their cells at Stonehaven, the film fades to white and closes with an on-screen quote from William Shakespeare's Richard III:- "No beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity. But I know none, and therefore am no beast."
tt0097322
Comedy,Drama,Music
The film opens with Jack Baker getting dressed while a brunette, who was a one night stand, lies in bed. He is dressing in a tuxedo. She asks, "Will I see you again?" When he answers "No," she doesn't seem particularly moved one way or the other. As he leaves, she says, "You got great hands." Then, as Jack walks through the streets of Seattle, the opening credits scroll across the screen. He arrives at work with two minutes to spare. Frank, Jack's brother, is in a restroom where Jack sprays his hair with Crowning Glory's Miracle Hair to conceal his age. The brothers are a duo piano team who are currently performing at the Starfire Lounge. They have been professional performers for the past fifteen years. The first number they perform is "People." After their performance, Frank collects their pay from the hotel's young and very condescending, assistant manager, Lloyd. Jack doesn't trust Lloyd, so he tells Frank to count the money. When Jack returns to his apartment, Nina, a young girl from upstairs whose mother is always out with some guy, is attempting to play "Jingle Bells" on his piano. At the brothers' next engagement at the Capri Hotel Luau Lounge, wearing Hawaiian shirts, they play the bossa nova classic, "The Girl from Ipanema." After their performance, the club's manager, Charlie, suggests they break up. He can't use them again, he says, because they have class and most people don't want class. He needs something that will draw customers, something more up-to-date. Those comments, or criticisms, cause the brothers to consider adding a female singer to their act. At auditions to find the right singer, Monica Moran sings "Candy Man." She is clearly not what they are looking for, nor are several other auditionees who sing excerpts of "My Way," "Up, Up and Away," "Tiny Bubbles," "I Go to Rio," and "I'm So Excited." After auditioning thirty-seven girls, they are packing up when Susie Diamond stumbles in an hour and a half late. At first Frank has no intention of auditioning her, but he finally gives her a chance. She sings a soulful performance of "More Than You Know," which Jack accompanies with lush harmonies on the piano. Afterwards, she asks, "So?" (Neither Jack or Susie seem to recognize each other or remember they have slept together.) The brothers obviously were impressed because she is hired. The next scene shows Frank nervously pacing because Susie is late for their first performance together. When she arrives, Frank doesn't like the way she is dressed, so he and Jack quickly buy her a dress and shoes that they deem more appropriate. They rush back to the Hilton Hotel Ambassador Lounge, where Susie, after some microphone problems and the brothers getting her started by singing the verse, sings "Ten Cents a Dance," which is a very appropriate song for Susie considering some of her former jobs. Next a montage shows Susie and the boys performing "Can't Take My Eyes Off of You" in one lounge after another. The crowds are more enthusiastic at each venue. By the end of the montage, we see a new cardboard stand-up with Susie's name and picture added to that of the brothers. When Jack goes to a club alone to get away from his brother, he hears a jazz trio play "Lullaby Of Birdland." By Christmas, when Jack asks to walk Susie home, she tells him a relationship would not work with them having to work together every night. The trio gets a booking at a swanky resort hotel. The first night, Frank is awakened at 2 a.m. by the blare of big band music coming from Susie's side of the suite ("Perdido"). At their first performance at the hotel, Susie sings "The Look of Love" for dancing. Later that evening, the three performers celebrate their success on the terrace of their suite. Frank, who is getting drunk, hears a recording of "Moonglow," which causes him to reminisce about Jack teaching him to dance. As a result of Jack's dance lessons, he got a wife and children. When Frank finally goes to bed, Jack and Susie dance to the song. Soon friction arises. Frank complains about Jack's incessant smoking, but he is really upset because of his brother's growing relationship with Susie. Frank warns him to leave her alone. Later, they argue about what music to play. Frank gets a call from his wife that Little Frank is ill and he is needed at home. Before he leaves, he gives explicit instructions about what Jack and Susie are to perform while he is away. Once he leaves, while Jack is on the balcony smoking, we hear a recording of the Duke Ellington Orchestra playing "Do Nothin' Till You Hear From Me." During this time, Susie is seen smelling his aftershave lotion in his bathroom. Then a little later, she sees him checking out her perfume (there is also a bubble bath scene where Jack catches Susie when she slips on the sudsy floor, but that was omitted from the version viewed). Their next performance is New Year's Eve. Susie and Jack perform "Makin' Whoopee" (Eddie Cantor's original version was much more sarcastic than Miss Pfeiffer's). She sings the song, which warns about the dangers of married life, from on top of Jack's grand piano and sings part of the lyric directly to Jack. She ends the number by sitting on the piano bench beside him. After the countdown to midnight, she kisses him. Later that evening (or early morning), Susie and Jack are the only ones left in the room. As she talks about her former job as an escort, he begins to massage her shoulders, then, unzips her dress and rubs her back. After a passionate kiss, he lays her on a table (sexual activity is certainly implied, but not seen). Back home from their engagement at the resort, Frank, Jack and Susie meet at a diner to discuss future bookings. While Susie and Frank argue about potential places to play and song selections, Jack sits silently. When Susie walks out, Jack suggests that Frank loosen her leash. Later, Susie finds Jack playing jazz in a dingy night club. He never notices her; he is lost in the music and is playing much more expressively. When he returns to his apartment, Susie is sitting on the steps waiting for him. Early the next morning, Susie is dressing to sneak out, but Nina comes through the window to take Jack's dog out for his morning walk. Susie finds an old photograph of Jack and Frank. The photo was taken when they were much younger and they are holding a bottle of liquor towards the camera. By this time Jack is awake and tells her the photo was taken at their first professional gig. She says she came by to tell him she has been thinking about leaving the act. Some guy wants her to sing commercial jingles. Showing no feelings at all, Jack encourages her to take the job. He says they can always find another girl. At their next performance at the Hilton Old America Lounge, they perform "Feelings." Susie quits in the middle of the song; she says she just can't sing it anymore. Later, when she tells Jack she quit, just like before, he seems unfazed. She accuses him of being cold and uncaring about anything. She also tells him she saw him playing jazz at the dingy night club; "dusting off his dreams," she called it. As she turns to walk away, she calls him a coward. Frank booked the piano duo for a telethon because, he said, it would be good publicity. However, the telethon is on a small station and they are performing at 3 a.m. Just as they start to play, the telethon M.C. interrupts to announce an updated total. Jack explodes, charges the M.C. and walks out of the studio. Frank accuses him of being unprofessional and lauds himself as being the responsible one. They also argue about Susie, especially that Jack and she slept together (more explicit language was used). Their argument escalates into a fight where Jack almost breaks Frank's finger. Then before Frank can protest, Jack turns away and disappears into the night. On the way back to his apartment, Jack stops in a diner. The waitress is Monica, who sings a bit of "Candy Man" to remind Jack of who she is. Jack almost propositions her, but a Susie thought makes him change his mind. Once Jack gets home, he is in such a foul mood that he takes it out on Nina. She runs out of his apartment up to the roof, where Jack finds her. He apologizes and also offers to teach her something else to play besides "Jingle Bells." After a few days, Jack goes to see Frank at his home to tell him he isn't coming back to the duo. He says he can't play the same songs the same way every night anymore. They open the bottle of booze they had received at the first professional engagement and drink. Then at the two pianos they started on many years before, for old times sake, they play and sing "You're Sixteen." The film's final scene shows Jack waiting outside Susie's apartment. She's progressed from cat food jingles to vegetables. They both apologize for the way they acted when she left the act. She asks if they found a new girl singer. He says they didn't look for one. As she leaves to record a new jingle, he asks, "Am I going to see you again?" Not giving in easily, she asks, "What do you think?" He answers, "Yeah, I think Im gonna see you again." Then, after a pause, he says, "Intuition." As she walks away down the street "My Funny Valentine" is sung by Susie (or Michelle Pfeiffer) over the final credits.
tt0102460
Crime,Drama
In 1917 New York City, working-class neighborhoods are controlled by two Mafia gangsters, Don Faranzano (Michael Gambon) and Don Masseria (Anthony Quinn). Their violent rule of law has paralyzed the community with fear, and citizens consider themselves helpless. However, teenager Charlie Luciano (Christian Slater) aspires to undermine the town's brutal dictators and replace their regime with egalitarian politics. When Don Faranzano assaults Charlie's father, and Don Masseria has his nephew murdered, Charlie recruits his Italian-American companion, Frank Costello (Costas Mandylor), and the two toughest Jewish boys in the neighborhood, Meyer Lansky (Patrick Dempsey) and Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel (Richard Grieco), to subvert the dons' power. Following Charlie's lead, the team pledges to protect the community and get rich at the same time. Five years later in 1922, the four young men partner with Arnold Rothstein (F. Murray Abraham), a wealthy liquor salesman who takes Charlie under his wing and schools him in the art of illicit business practices. As Charlie distributes Rothstein's "bootleg" alcohol throughout the city, he frequents a gambling club operated by his friend, Tommy Reina (Chris Penn), and falls in love with a chorus girl named Mara Motes (Laura Flynn Boyle). When Charlie and his gang become millionaires, Don Faranzano and Don Masseira work against each other to lure the boys away from Rothstein, but the young men are wary of Faranzano's anti-Semitism, and Masseira's duplicity, and they choose to remain independent. However, the dons will not be denied, and one of Charlie's liquor shipments is mysteriously hijacked by an unidentified gang. Blaming the dons, Rothstein cautions Charlie that the mobsters will find a way to take their business, and Charlie plans to send the men a warning. On the evening of the next shipment, Charlie's gang ambushes the hijackers and orders them to stop working for the dons. However, Bugsy gets carried away and murders one of Faranzano's henchmen. Although Charlie's gang vowed to distance themselves from the two dons, they are now threatened with retaliation from Faranzano and must align themselves with Masseria for protection. Masseria agrees to shelter Charlie and his friends on condition that they hand over their liquor trade and kill Faranzano within six months. Charlie is obliged to consent, but he plots to undermine Masseria by curtailing the whiskey business and secretly infusing money into trade unions. When Charlie tells Arnold Rothstein about the scheme, the gentleman predicts gang warfare, but he is convinced Charlie will be victorious if he can secure Masseria's confidence. Rothstein tells the boy that he must prove his allegiance to Masseria by finding a way to save the don's life. Meanwhile, Masseria learns about Charlie's plan. He has Rothstein murdered and orders Charlie to obey his authority. In response to Masseria's new dominance, Charlie's club-owner friend, Tommy Reina, advises the young man to align himself with Masseria's enemy, Don Faranzano, and arranges a meeting. Despite warnings from his gang, Charlie meets his former adversary, Faranzano, only to realize he has been deceived. The anti-Semitic don is not interested in a truce and offers to shelter Charlie on condition that the boy approve the murder of his Jewish friends, Meyer and Bugsy. When Charlie refuses, Faranzano subjects him to torture, and slices his face with a switchblade, but Charlie survives and escapes. Reunited with his gang, Charlie plans to overcome Don Faranzano and Don Masseria once and for all by killing double-crosser Tommy Reina. The Reina assassination prompts a gang war between the two dons, who mistakenly blame each other for the murder. As the mobsters battle, Charlie remembers Rothstein's advice about earning his enemy's confidence and stages an attack in which he appears to save Masseria's life. He uses his newfound alliance with Masseria to broker a backhanded deal with Faranzano; Charlie promises to kill Masseria if Faranzano ends the gang war and gives him a stake in his empire. With both dons under his control, Charlie orders Masseria's assassination and is appointed a leadership role within Faranzano's operation. However, Faranzano suspects Charlie is a threat and hires "Mad Dog" Coll (Nicholas Sadler) to kill the young man. When Mad Dog breaks into Charlie's apartment, he mistakenly murders his girl friend, Mara, who is hiding beneath Charlie's bed sheets. Unaware of his error, Mad Dog returns to his hotel and is surprised when Charlie shows up to avenge Mara's death. As Mad Dog escapes and races to Faranzano's office, Charlie, Frank, Meyer and Bugsey gain entry at the don's high-rise building by pretending to be Internal Revenue Service agents, and hold Faranzano at gunpoint. Just then, Mad Dog charges inside, but Charlie is close behind, and he guns down the assassin. With Mad Dog dead, Charlie turns his attention to Faranzano and reminds the don of the assault on his father 15 years earlier. Finally getting his revenge, Charlie orders his three friends to throw Faranzano out the skyscraper window. In the wake of Masseria and Faranzano's deaths, Charlie is next in line to become New York City's Mafia boss, but he turns down the job. At a meeting with gang leaders, Charlie declares he is not interested in being a mobster because he does not wish to perpetuate violence. Instead, he advocates for the establishment of "The Commission," a democratic board of leaders who vote on behalf of their community's best interests, and the men unanimously elect Charlie as their director.
tt0102250
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
In the opening shot, a helicopter carries a giant, plastic hot dog over sunny Los Angeles, California, and sunbathers wave to it from a pool overlooking the city. Television weatherman Harris K. Telemacher (Steve Martin) avoids traffic on the way to work by cutting through backyards, parking lots, and alleyways. He arrives at the KYOY-Chanel 14 television station, dons a safari hat and performs his "wacky" weather report. Afterward, Harris's boss tells him to be "more wacky, less egghead." Harris goes to pick up his girl friend, Trudi (Marilu Henner), on the way to a lunch date with eight other people, and they argue about punctuality. He complains that Trudi takes too long to get ready, but Trudi urges him to relax. They finally get into Harris' car, and Trudi says that she invited Harris's agent, Frank Swan, whom Harris wants to fire. A radio deejay announces that it is the first day of spring and Harris panics, because the first day of spring is "open season" on Los Angeles freeways. He tells Trudi to grab his gun out of the glove compartment. She loads the weapon and hands it to him, and he shoots at other armed drivers. The couple shows up late at the restaurant, but are still the first to arrive. They are eventually joined by talent agent Frank Swan (Kevin Pollak) and Roland Mackey (Richard E. Grant), a British art dealer. Roland's ex-wife, Sara McDowel (Victor Tennant), shows up even later. She introduces herself as a journalist writing an article about Los Angeles for the London Times. An earthquake interrupts, and everyone but Sara ignores it. Harris stares at her from across the table, and Trudi becomes jealous. Leaving the restaurant, Roland tries to rekindle his romance with Sara, but she says she likes their relationship as it is. At a clothing store, Harris tries on a pair of white slacks while a bouncy, dimwitted shop girl named Sandee (Sarah Jessica Parker) marks them for tailoring. That evening, as Harris and Trudi drive home, Harris's car slows to a stop on the highway. He pulls over to look under the hood, and a passing breeze prompts him to turn around. He sees "Hiya" written on an electronic freeway sign. The magical electronic sign communicates with Harris in writing, asking if he is okay and requesting a hug. The sign says it stops people who are in trouble. Harris hears his engine restart as the sign reads: "You will know what to do when you unscramble how daddy is doing." Harris promises to work on the riddle and waves goodbye. Soon after, Sara sees Harris's wacky weather report on television and telephones, asking to interview him for her article. Harris and his best friend, Ariel (Susan Forristal), go to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, where Ariel records Harris with a video camera as he roller-skates through the galleries. Later, Sara and Harris meet for the interview. He takes her on a driving tour of the city, including a stop at a cemetery. When a gravedigger digs up the skull of The Great Blunderman, a magician, Harris says he knew the man. Sara impresses Harris with a fitting quote from William Shakespeare's Hamlet. He asks if she is seeing anyone, and she says yes. Later, at the KYOY-14 station, a producer asks Harry to do the weather report during the weekend, but Harris insists on pre-taping, promising that the weather will not change. A surprise rainstorm ensues. When Harris goes to pick up his altered slacks, the cute shop girl, Sandee, apologizes that the pants are not ready and takes his phone number. On the drive home, Harris sees the talking freeway sign. It tells him he should have gotten Sandee's number. At home, as Harris laments the missed opportunity, Sandee calls to ask him out. They go to a restaurant, where Sandee points out her boyfriend at the bar, and explains that they have an open relationship. She says her name is spelled "SanDeE" and draws it on Harris's hand. Elsewhere, Roland and Sara eat hot dogs and watch skateboarders. Roland kisses Sara, but she is unmoved. The next day, Harris goes to Trudi's apartment, who reveals that she has been having an affair with Frank Swan for three years. Relieved, Harris does a celebratory dance outside. He tells the freeway sign that he is now free from his relationship and his agent. The sign responds that the weather will change Harris's life twice. Soon after, Harris is fired because his pre-taped weather report failed to predict rain. Sandee urges Harris to get a colonic irrigation and they go to the clinic together. They make plans for dinner, but Harris cannot get a reservation at L'Idiot, the hip, new restaurant Sandee suggested, so he makes plans for a weekend getaway instead. Meanwhile, Sara records her observations about Los Angeles on a Dictaphone, observing that it is a place where people have taken a desert and turned it into their dreams. She also notes that it is a place of secrets, and disagrees with Roland, who believes Los Angeles is a place for the "brain dead." At a museum, Roland and Sara peruse art while Ariel records more video of Harris on his roller-skates. Harris accidentally runs into Sara, who invites him to join her and Roland for dinner. They go to L'Idiot, and afterward, Sara gives him a ride home. Arriving at his apartment, they step out of Sara's car, and it begins to move on its own. Sara panics, but Harris says he knows what is happening. They jump back into the car, and it leads them to the freeway sign. The sign tells Harris to kiss Sara, and he does. The sign then urges him to let his mind go, promising that his body will follow. In a daze, Sara agrees to go to a fundraiser with Harris the following evening. Later, she telephones her mother and plays "Do Wah Diddy Diddy" on the tuba, while her mom accompanies her on piano. The next night, as he arrives to pick her up, Harris overhears Sara playing the tuba. He detects Sara's nervousness and encourages her to relax and give in to the passion she feels. She says he should do the same, and suggests he uses silly antics to avoid getting hurt. At the fund raising dinner, Harris pretends to be ill and lures Sara outside. They kiss, and he tells her to let her mind and body go. They return to the table disheveled, just as the long-winded host finishes his speech. The next day, Harris tells Sandee he cannot go away with her that weekend because he is seeing someone else. When he admits that Sara is going on a trip with her ex-husband, Sandee convinces him it is only fair that they have a vacation, too. Harris and Sandee unwittingly end up at the same Santa Barbara resort as Sara and Roland. Unaware that Harris is next door, Roland and Sara overhear him and Sandee having sex and are inspired to do the same. Afterward, Harris and Sara are dismayed when they bump into each other in the hallway. Blissfully ignorant, Roland suggests they have dinner together. The couples walk on the beach, and Sara and Harris steal time alone. Harris begs her to stay in Los Angeles, saying he wants to get married, have children, and grow old together. For Sara, however, their fling is everything she didn't want: pain, lying, and complications. Checking out of the hotel, Roland runs into Harris and gives him the sad news that Sara has decided to go back to London as soon as possible. Back in Los Angeles, Harris finds Sara packing at her apartment. He begs her to reconsider, but she refuses. At his new job as a news anchorman, Harris mopes, while Sara heads for the airport. Another rainstorm hits, and she changes her mind. She goes to Harris's apartment, and when he sees her, he notes the rain, and says, "That's twice," in reference to the freeway sign's suggestion that the weather would change his life twice. Harris takes Sara back to the freeway sign, which tells him to unscramble "How Daddy is Doing." Sara figures out the riddle by unscrambling the phrase, and says the sign is telling Harris to "sing Doo Wah Diddy." Harris asks the sign why it chose him, and it says, "There are more things 'n heaven and earth, Harris, than are dreamed of 'n your philosophy," then returns to reporting the traffic. Harris and Sara kiss beside the road and Harris closes the film with a final voice-over narration which he states that it is sometime in the future and that there is someone for everyone, and he will never forget the night when he learned that romance does exist deep in the heart of Los Angeles. The final shot show the magical traffic sign displaying the text: "What I really want to do is direct."
tt0104511
Action,Comedy,Crime
The camera pans along the nighttime skyline of Pittsburgh, as a romantic song plays in the background. Then along a common street to a low-rise walk-up apartment building beside a notary office, and into the apartment of a beautiful but lonely young woman named Marie (Anne Parillaud). Marie stands naked, looking out her window; her apartment lit by dozens of candles. In a voiceover, Marie says she is 'eternally alone' and lives for comfort of the senses; food and sex. But she's very picky about what she eats, which caused her last lover to leave. As Marie reads over several newspaper articles about organized crime in the city, including a rising mob boss named Sal 'the Shark' Macelli, her voiceover continues, saying she hasn't been able to obtain food in six days. She's sad and starved, and needs to treat herself. Continuing to read the article she says that she's thought about going Italian, and we see her smile to herself in a mirror, and blow out some candles. A fancy car drives up to a corner Italian restaurant named the Oyster House. A man named Gilly gets out of the car near where several men stand, and greets one before walking into the restaurant, where he goes to a small table occupied by Tony (Chazz Palminteri) and Joe Gennaro (Anthony LaPaglia). Tony takes the two downstairs; Joe discreetly telling Gilly that the place is bugged. They pass through the kitchen and a heavy door where Sal Macelli (Robert Loggia) sits with a group of his enforcers. Gilly acts in awe of Macelli, who merely sits and sips coffee as his men make Gilly sit beside him. One brings over a toaster oven and takes it out of its box. Macelli makes small talk and a joke about toaster ovens, before quickly getting to the point: he accuses Gilly of short-ending him on an acquisition. He bashes Gilly with the toaster oven, knocking him off his chair. He busts the toaster oven over Gilly's head, making it clear that Gilly is here to be killed. Joe pleads for discretion, saying that someone might have seen Gilly entering the restaurant. Macelli roars that if Joe wants a discreet killing, he has to do it himself. He tells Ray (Kim Coates) to hand his gun to Joe, and demands that Joe carry out the execution. Gilly starts to plead and grovel with Macelli for his life, which disgusts the mob boss. He shoots Gilly dead himself, and then grabs Joe by his lapels, growling that he had better shoot someone the next time he's told to. Macelli is shown to be aggressive and bullying even with his closest allies. Tony and Joe are leaving the restaurant. Joe complains to Tony that Macelli has a disturbing love of killing and violence, something Tony warns him not to speak too freely; they're merely soldiers in a war. He gives Joe a gun, warning him that despite his being brought in to steal, one day he will likely be ordered to carry out a hit and will have no choice but to do it. Suddenly, Joe looks at a white van with dark windows parked on the curb slightly down. Starting to yell, he breaks the windows with the butt of the gun, yelling and gesticulating for the occupants-- police doing surveillance-- to get lost. Macelli's men all applaud and cheer Joe's moxie, but Tony just pulls him away and sternly warns him not to do that again, before telling him to go home and get his head straight. Not watching where he's going, Joe accidentally bumps into Marie, who walks down the street; a shopping bag in her hand. Marie's shoe accidentally falls off and Joe helps her with it. Marie looks at Joe with a curious expression; in her thoughts, she finds him 'promising' but his eyes are sad. Marie's voiceover says that her first 'rule' is never to play with the food. She shakes her head no after Joe offers to buy her a cup of coffee so she can warm up outside of the cold, and she walks away. As Marie crosses the street, she passes in front of Tony's car, which is just pulling out of his parking spot. Tony's windshield wipers are still brushing excess snow away from his windshield, so he doesn't immediately see Marie and has to stop short, honking his horn impatiently. Marie gets annoyed and she knocks the hood of his car with one of her shopping bags. Tony jumps out and menacingly warns Marie not to touch his car. Marie thinks to herself that Tony is 'perfect.' Turning meek and timid, Marie apologizes, pleading for Tony not to hurt her. She then makes a curiously flirtatious remark about Tony's reflexes in not hitting her with the car. Tony smiles and offers Marie a lift, and she smiles back. As Tony drives, Marie pops one of his Frank Sinatra CD's into the car's stereo and says there's a park nearby with an excellent view of the city, and she invites him to see it. Tony drives to the park and pulls up at a spot overlooking the city's panoramic view. Marie smiles shyly but flirtatiously as she doffs her coat, revealing her sexy red dress. She climbs onto Tony's lap, accepting his kisses as she starts to unbutton his shirt. She starts to kiss his neck, when suddenly he recoils in pain, indignantly shouting at her. But Marie's eyes quickly turn blood red and she opens her mouth to give a very animalistic growl, tearing into Tony's neck like a monster. When she's done, she peers at her blood-smeared reflection in the rear-view mirror, before pulling it off the car's roof in disgust and smashing it. Marie is a vampire; a vampire with a conscience. She must kill humans to live. But she only preys on criminals; preferably mean-tempered ones who enjoy hurting people. She passed on Joe Gennaro because she could see the good in his eyes. Tony, on the other hand, she could see the sadism in his look; hear his quick temper in his voice. Her first rule, never to play with her food, ensured she never had time to develop any feeling for potential prey. Marie's second rule is to always finish the food; she must be sure to kill them. This eliminates all signs of the feed marks she inflicts, and cleanly disconnects the central nervous system. Marie accomplishes this by using a shotgun on her prey at close range after she's done feeding. Police are investigating Tony's murder the next morning, and it's seen that Joe Gennaro is in fact with the Pittsburgh police department, working deep undercover infiltrating Sal Macelli's crime ring in order to bring it down. As Joe looks into the van, the coroner is spooked. Tony was killed with a clean shotgun hit, but the body shows a clear sign of very significant blood loss beyond what the shotgun damage should inflict. But this is the least of Joe's worries as a federal district attorney, Sinclair (Angela Bassett) berates Joe for showing up at the investigation; any of the force could be in Macelli's pocket. The officers working surveillance are also furious at Joe over 'the stunt with the van,' although Joe defends himself because the van was too close without any discretion. But Sinclair doesn't want to listen to anything Joe says; she feels he's become a danger to the investigation and to himself. Joe argues hotly that he's been undercover as part of Macelli's organization for three years, eating, drinking and stealing with them, and soon he'll be asked to make a hit, which is when it will be time to nail him. But then, press start to rush in from all sides, and Sinclair gives Joe a friendly hug as she turns and gives a big smile for the cameras. By evening, all of Pittsburgh has seen the articles both on Tony's murder and the photo of Joe with Sinclair; including Marie and Macelli. Exiting the Oyster House with a group of his men, and his attorney, Manny Bergman (Don Rickles), Macelli is taking the news exactly the way he'd be expected to-- wanting Joe killed, while Manny tries to talk him into 'making proper arrangements' because Sinclair will soon use the Rico act to freeze all of Macelli's assets. Macelli finds Lenny (David Proval), one of his men, talking to Marie, who's come by to feed on another of the gangsters. When Macelli has Jacko (Tony Sirico), one of his men, chase off a nosy photographer, Marie tells Macelli off in a way that can get people killed. But although he puts Marie in her place, Macelli's impressed by her moxie and offers her a ride. Marie knew she should have walked away from Macelli, but she found him annoying; enough to make an example of him. She gets into his limo, going into her act as Macelli breaks the ice with her. Marie notes they're being followed, and Macelli tells Lenny, who's driving the limo, to lose anyone tailing them and take him and Marie to 'the hideaway.' Macelli's hideaway is right beside a church. He tells Lenny he'll be with Marie for an hour, and to stand guard. He brings Marie into the hideaway, and she smiles flirtatiously as she looks the place over. But when Macelli takes out a container with take-out supper from the Oyster House, Marie recoils from the strong odor of garlic used in preparing the food, saying it isn't for her. Marie runs into the bathroom, pushing up the window, breathing in the fresh air; knowing she made a mistake targetting Macelli. In the meanwhile, Macelli is wondering what's going on with Marie and goes into the bathroom after her, starting to come on to her. Marie is nauseated by the garlic on his breath, and the lights of the bathroom are hurting her sensitive eyes. Macelli starts to get aggressive in kissing her and starting to undress her. Marie responds to the passion, undoing his tie and shirt collar. Marie then strikes, tearing into Macelli's neck and starting to feed. But Marie is unprepared for the crafty mob boss' resourcefulness. As she tears into his neck, he pulls a handgun strapped to his ankle and fires a shot into the ceiling. Lenny, sitting in the limo, hears the sound. Macelli fires a shot into Marie's stomach before collapsing. Lenny hurries to the hideaway door, trying to get in. Marie presses a towel to her wound and again happens to catch sight of her blood-smeared reflection in a mirror, breaking it in disgust. Lenny happens to look in through the raised window and sees Macelli laying in the bathtub, seemingly dead. He sees Marie, her face smeared with blood, and cries out in alarm. Hurrying back to the door, he shoots the lock and kicks the door in. He hurries to the bathroom, finding Macelli still in the bathtub, and Marie gone, having hurried out to make her escape. Joe is in protective custody, watching an old horror TV show with officer Dave Flinton (Leo Burmester), who's helping watch over him. Joe knows that because of how deep undercover he's been, many of his fellow officers don't look kindly on him, seeing him as half cop, half crook. But another curve ball is headed his way as fellow officer Morales (Luis Guzmán) comes by with pizza delivery; a phone call informs Flinton that Macelli's taken a hit on the north side; apparently Joe made him look so bad in front of his men, that one of them took him out in a macabre form of poetic justice. Joe is still upset, because the undercover work was the case that was going to make his career. Joe drives to the hideaway where preliminary investigation is underway. He looks through the broken bathroom window, dismayed as he watches the coroner tending to Macelli's body. But immediately Joe notices things amiss; Macelli suffered a cut carotid artery, meaning there should be far more blood than he sees, and he's sure the coroner found something under Macelli's fingernails; Joe suspects the perp was a female and that Macelli's fingernails have traces of makeup underneath. The coroner glances at a thermometer placed in Macelli's midsection and makes a puzzled sound; Macelli's body temperature is going up, not down as is standard for a corpse. Lenny and Manny are outside the church as well, and a fight nearly breaks out as Joe passes by them. Joe climbs the fire escape onto the roof of the hideaway building. Looking around with a flashlight, he finds blood on the chimney-- and a woman's black pump laying in the blood-spattered snow atop the roof. As he picks it up and starts to examine it, he hears a rustle from the other side of the chimney. Marie comes into view, her eyes red and her face still smeared with blood, and she gives a vampiric growl, scaring Joe out of his wits. He dives to the floor as she runs past and leaps off the roof, escaping. Joe enters the church and looks around. Feeling uneasy, he draws his gun. Suddenly he feels something moving past him and hears Marie growling, although he doesn't see her. Suddenly the church's fire escape doors burst open and a growling sound comes from there, before the doors slam back shut in the sudden gust of wind. Marie runs along the outside of the church. She climbs up an exterior heating pipe, breaking a window on the second floor and entering through it. Joe sees a tethered German Shepherd dog barking loudly and acting very agitated, and quickly unties its leash, setting it loose. In a shower room in the church, Marie lets the hot shower water wash all the blood off her body, without bothering to undress. She stands under the shower, letting the water continue to pour down on her, while outside, the dog leads Joe to the pipe Marie climbed up. Joe looks up and sees the window Marie broke. Someone puts a hand on Joe's shoulder and he whirls, gun drawn-- it's just the dog's owner, come looking for him. Joe climbs the pipe and enters the shower room. Marie is gone, but he sees that she left the shower faucet she used, running-- and he sees her wet footprints leading to and through a closed door. He follows Marie's trail to a thrift shop, finding its lock broken. As he looks around, the camera pans up to show Marie hanging from a fixture on the ceiling, above and now behind him. She's changed into some clothes taken from the shop, leaving her bloody dress on the floor. Marie hangs from the fixture by one hand, watching Joe closely as he bends down and looks at her discarded dress. Finally she drops down to the floor, swipes a jacket from the racks and is out the door before Joe can spot her, although he heard the sounds and sweeps the area with his gun. But as he steps back outside the thrift shop, Marie suddenly grabs him from behind and throws him a dozen yards onto the ground; grabbing away his gun and throwing it through the church window. Her eyes flash a bestial green and her voice is harshly distorted as she warns him to stay away from her, or she'll kill him. Joe is left dazed on the ground, gazing up at the sky in disbelief. Macelli's body is being brought into the morgue. But as the pathologist plugs in a tool to start an autopsy, he suddenly finds Macelli sitting up and looking right at him. Downstairs, the county coroner is telling a massed crowd of repoters that the press will know the details on Macelli's death soon as he knows-- but everyone is about to find the results out first hand, as they all see Macelli running through the morgue atrium with the pathologist following behind. Macelli escapes into an elevator, wanders right past the front desk security guard who's busy watching a "gorilla chases pretty girl" horror movie, and then steals a car from right under the noses of two bumbling fools who are looking in its trunk; driving it off into the night streets. Marie is perched high up on the steeple of the church cathedral, watching Joe approach his car. A press member tells him that Macelli was spotted crashing a car into a gas station in Shadyside. Joe gets into his car, and pauses to take the shoe Marie dropped on the rooftop out of an inside coat pocket, looking at it thoughtfully. He puts it on his dashboard and sits idle for a few seconds, until Marie leaps down from the steeple right onto the hood of his car, heavily denting it and smashing all the windows. She grabs Joe and hauls him out of the car, and climbs in herself, using her recovered shoe to smash out the windshield. When Joe leaps in front of her, she hits the gas to scoop him onto the hood, then stops and hits the gas again so he falls into the car. She intends to go after Macelli herself. Manny arrives at his house and is greeted by his wife, Fran (Elaine Kagan). As she helps him out of his coat and scarf, we hear the sound of breaking glasses. Manny goes into his living room, he sees Macelli raiding the wet bar there. Macelli's skin is pasty white as he rummages through the bar, looking for something to drink. He's stricken by extreme thirst, but none of the booze there is working to sate it. As Manny tries to calm him down, Macelli suddenly remarks that Manny smells good, before rambling about how he'd woken up in the morgue after an attempt on his life. Then he smells something and staggers into the kitchen, where Fran had warmed up some food, which Macelli starts tearing into greedily. He insists he's fine despite Manny wanting to call a doctor; just with a sudden insatiable appetite of some sort. Marie struggles to drive toward Shadyside, the bright headlights of the cars in the opposite-direction lane hurting her eyes. Meanwhile, Joe rambles about all the trouble she's in; Joe is positive that Marie is responsible for the hit on Tony Sliva as well as the attack on Macelli. Marie finally pulls over and asks Joe to drive, because she's having too much trouble concentrating against the incoming headlights. They swap seats and Joe continues interrogating Marie, finally confronting her on his knowing that she's in pursuit of Macelli, but why she didn't make sure he was dead the first time. Marie finally loses patience and snaps back that she screwed up-- using her vampire voice. Her eyes flash green as she does this. Joe sits back in shock, asking, "What in hell are you?" They pull into the gas station and are met by Morales and Flinton. The two still don't fully trust him, especially when he starts telling them that Marie killed Tony and attacked Macelli-- they look into the car and are not at all believing when they see the slim, demure-looking woman there smiling innocently at them. Flinton puts Joe in his car, warning that he'll cuff him if he acts up again. He then joins Morales in talking to Marie, who does a perfect job of playing innocent and the officers' own belief that Joe is starting to lose it. But in the meantime, Joe happens to glance across the street and sees a flower shop, and gets an idea. He grabs Flinton's walkie and asks for the street address of Manny Bergman. He then asks a gas station employee for directions. Marie spots him and asks Flinton and Morales if she can use the bathroom, which they gladly agree to. Macelli is in Manny's kitchen, heating a piece of meat over the gas stove while eating it. Manny sits at the table with Lenny and Jacko, watching warily. Suddenly Macelli drops his meat and sniffs, saying that Joe Gennaro is nearby. He punches out a window in the kitchen and jumps through it, despite the other three trying to hold him back. Back at the gas station, Flinton finds that Joe gave them the slip. Checking the womens' bathroom, Morales finds Marie has done the same. Macelli finds Joe and ambushes him from behind, clamping one hand around his throat and lifting him up in the air, choking him as Manny tries to plead for Macelli to let Lenny and Jacko handle things. Macelli pays no attention as he chokes Joe, a gleeful look on his face. Finally in desperation, Manny grabs a shovel and whacks Macelli on the back of the head, making him drop Joe but otherwise leaving him unharmed. He acts confused enough for Manny to lead him back into the house while Lenny and Jacko tend to Joe. They find him unarmed but also find a pair of handcuffs on his belt, which they use to cuff him. Manny takes Macelli inside, explaining that he's safe in the house because he's been pronounced dead, meaning even a search warrant can't be served in search of him. But Macelli is more occupied on noting that, despite how hard Manny hit him, his head isn't bleeding at all. Macelli suddenly begins to walk toward Manny, and tears into his neck, his eyes flashing red. Marie's failure to 'finish the food' has made Macelli into a vampire. Fran finds Macelli sitting on the basement floor, his face covered in blood, and Manny in Macelli's lap, seemingly dead, although Macelli is sure he's not; he's begun to figure out some of what's happened to him. Macelli gets up to feed on Fran, but she stabs him with a knife and runs. Macelli pulls the knife out of his chest, seeing he isn't hurt, although he notes that all his clothes are saturated with blood. Lenny and Jacko are carrying Joe away. Marie watches from a tree as they dump Joe into the trunk of Macelli's limo. All at once, Fran rushes out of the house, screaming for help; at the same time, Flinton is approaching in his car, and Macelli steps outside, changed into a new suit. Lenny and Jacko hurry Macelli into his limo and speed off, while Fran runs to Flinton, begging for help with Manny. Marie jumps down to Flinton's car, throws the police light away, and drives off in pursuit of Macelli. Macelli, Jacko and Lenny arrive at a dock, where Macelli plans a horrible death for Joe; to slowly crush him to pulp in the crusher of a sanitation truck, starting with his feet. Marie arrives on the scene just in time, racing her car straight toward the three. Macelli and Jacko fire at her, but she plows into both of them, jumping out of the car and breaking Jacko's neck. Macelli recognizes Marie's face and flees in his limo. Marie takes off in pursuit, pausing just long enough for Joe to jump in through the open passenger window. In the car they quickly fall into another argument. Marie knows how dangerous Macelli is, especially now, after having fed on a human for the first time. Joe, meanwhile, is beginning to understand the truth about what Marie really is-- something he doesn't see as much better than Macelli. Macelli sees Marie in pursuit of him, and the two cars weave their way through the highway traffic as the chase continues. But a bigger problem has just arisen-- dawn is starting to break. Marie sharply swerves to get to an exit and races toward a roadside motel as Macelli, laughing in triumph, drives into the Liberty tunnel. Emerging from the tunnel, Macelli is faced with the rising sun and his skin begins to smolder painfully. He manages to make it to one of his meat packing warehouses and makes his way to a freezer, telling the on-duty employee to leave him in there with the lights off. Macelli crawls onto a meat tray and puts his head on a piece of rump roast, drifting to sleep. The owner of the "Amore" roadside motel leers in amusement as Marie and Joe come inside to check in; Marie hasn't yet uncuffed Joe. She only does so after she's satisfied that they have an agreement on staying for the day. She tells the motel owner that they're staying until sunset; 7:17 pm. D.A. Sinclair is arriving at Manny's home as she's briefed on the incident with him. Flinton says that Fran insists she saw Macelli as Manny's attacker, and that she saw Joe being loaded into Macelli's limo. As Manny is being loaded into an ambulance, Sinclair tells him she knows Macelli is responsible, and asks if she can count on him to press charges. Manny just half-opens his eyes and looks at Sinclair for a few seconds before closing his eyes again. At the motel, Marie has finished showering and washing her hair, and she's turning out the lamps for sleep; using only candles. Joe sits on the sofa, smoking a cigarette, unashamed to admit he's too afraid of being attacked in his sleep, to get any rest, although he proves willing not to pull away the heavy quilt Marie has placed over the window to keep the sun out of the room. She sits on the sofa and there are a few moments of tension; Marie is starting to like Joe, and she thinks he's starting to feel the same, but he's still revulsed by what he's learned of her existence. Finally she gets into bed and lays down to sleep. Manny is in the hospital; a nurse in his room. The electronic monitor for his heart rate and pulse suddenly flatlines, and the nurse turns at the sound of its alarm. But suddenly the monitor's flatline reverses into a reading for heart rate and pulse again, and the nurse thinks it's just a temporary glitch, and goes about her business. Manny's eyes open to reveal they're bright red. Unseen by the nurse, he pulls the tubes and electrodes off his arm and chest, and starts to get out of bed. He approaches the nurse, intent on feeding on her. Still unaware of what's happening behind her, the nurse opens the shades to let in the sun. A second later, both Manny and the nurse are screaming; she in terror and fright, he in agony as the sunlight begins destroying him. Doctors rush in, and can only watch in horror as Manny burns to ash. Fran faints as she sees her husband's horrible fate. Joe has finally fallen asleep in the motel, although he sleeps lightly and jolts awake as Marie's bed creaks. He tiptoes to the bathroom and peeks under his shirt, relieved to see no bite marks on his neck. He comes back out and watches Marie sleep. He's starting to come to terms with his attraction to her, very slowly reaching a hand out to touch her hair. The touch awakens Marie quickly, and her look turns soft and compassionate as she understands the look in Joe's eyes. She stretches a hand out to him, and Joe's caution returns. As he starts returning to the sofa, Marie throws a pillow at him. He catches it and throws it back; she likewise catches it and puts it back beside her. Joe wants to set out after Macelli, believing they can catch him while he sleeps, but Marie warns him that he'll only sleep while undisturbed; he can snap awake as quickly and fully as she just did, and move just as fast; demonstrating her speed by moving from the bed to behind Joe in the snap of her fingers. Turning playful again, she pushes him down on the bed and leans close over him. She starts leaning in to kiss him, and he almost relents but suddenly rolls over on top of her, Marie not resisting. Again they almost kiss, and again Joe shies away at the last second, sitting up on the edge of the bed, only semi responsive as Marie starts coming on to him. Marie hands the handcuffs to Joe and prostrates herself on the bed, her wrists behind her back, inviting Joe to cuff her. After a second he does, and then he undresses and climbs into bed with her. They start making love, Joe finally losing the rest of his fears as both of them become passionate. Marie easily busts the handcuffs apart and takes Joe in her arms. As they climax, Marie's eyes start changing color, between pale blue, green, yellow and red. Frank and Ray meet Lenny at the meat packing plant, outside the freezer. Macelli had called Lenny and had him send for the others. Lenny is deeply worried, telling the others to just 'look at' Macelli, and maybe they'll agree it's time to pass the torch to a new boss. Entering the freezer, they find Macelli lounging on the metal tray. He tells them he feels better than he ever has, before revealing he overheard what Lenny said to Frank and Ray. Lenny balks at approaching Macelli, and for good reason; Macelli grabs him and feeds on him, before ordering the frightened Ray and Frank to stow Lenny in the trunk of Macelli's limo, and to bring him some clean clothes. It's sunset, and Marie and Joe leave the hotel to set off after Macelli. Their relationship has taken a significant upturn as they get into the car. Macelli's limo pulls up in front of the 'Melody Lounge' strip joint. Macelli opens the trunk of the limo, and Frank and Ray are astounded to find Lenny quite alive, if a bit dazed and confused. They go inside, and Macelli takes the others to a private office upstairs. Lenny starts looking at Frank and Ray thirstily as Macelli explains that they're now in charge of town; no other rival crime family will be able to touch them. Frank and Ray are quickly 'initiated' by Macelli and Lenny into the 'new family.' Marie and Joe pass by the Oyster House, finding only two men standing outside. Joe knows this means Macelli isn't there. Tommy and Vinnie, two more of Macelli's men, arrive at the strip club, where Macelli has them initiated at the teeth of Frank and Ray. Marie and Joe don't find Macelli at Bloomfield. Joe says the next place to check is the Melody Lounge. Flinton and Morales are also arriving at the Lounge. One of the dancers is an informant, softly saying into Morales' ear that Macelli is there, and upstairs. But the Lounge owner recognizes the two officers and quickly calls upstairs to alert Macelli. Flinton and Morales storm into the office, guns drawn and ready, and find Macelli's men sitting casually on sofas and chairs, unworried and unfazed; faces smeared in blood. Macelli drops down from the ceiling, easily disarming the two cops of their guns. Marie and Joe arrive at the lounge, finding it closed. But neither locked doors nor a bat-wielding lounge owner can stop Marie any more than an insect could. Marie foils an ambush by Ray, throwing him downstairs where he lands on top of Joe. Ray's eyes glow as he tells Joe he's going to devour him. Joe sneaks his gun out of his waistband and blows Ray's head off. Marie finds Flinton on the floor, dead, and Morales tied to a chair, 'for dessert later.' Tommy and Vinnie are waiting in ambush. There is a tension filled standoff until Joe arrives, distracting Tommy and Vinnie so Marie can break their necks. Joe tells Morales to call for backup and warn them exactly what they're up against. Macelli, Frank and Lenny are on the roof of the lounge, plotting conquest. Marie finds her way up there, proving a crack shot with a revolver, putting a bullet through Frank and Lenny's foreheads right into their brains. But as she pulls the trigger again to finish Macelli, there's an empty click; the gun is empty. As Macelli advances on her, she discreetly pulls out the door knob and then tries to stab him with the connecting rod. He grabs her wrist and they grapple before Macelli pulls his gun and shoots her three times in the stomach. Joe arrives on the roof top and shoots Macelli in the chest twice. Macelli leaps off the roof, taunting Joe to try and follow him that way. A second later and Macelli is sandwiched in a collision between a taxicab and a bus in the middle of the street. Hurrying downstairs in pursuit, Joe finds Flinton has awakened as a vampire, and is forced to shoot him in the head. Marie and Joe arrive downstairs, finding Macelli smugly challenging them. Joe looks down and notices the crash has caused both the bus and taxicab to leak gasoline onto the ground. Grabbing a cigarette lighter, He ignites it and throws it down, igniting the gasoline. As much as he's learned about his new powers, Macelli overestimates them, thinking he's invincible. He makes no move to avoid the approaching fire. The taxicab and bus explode, engulfing him in flames. Even immolated in fire, Macelli thinks he can't be beaten, striding boldly toward Joe and Marie, telling them he is 'the light.' Joe raises his gun and fires, putting a bullet into his brain. Dawn has again started to arrive; the first hints of red appearing in the sky. To Joe's horror, Marie turns and starts walking straight toward the sunrise to kill herself. He runs after her, and she listens, stunned, as Joe tells her he loves her. He takes her by the shoulder and gently leads her to a hotel. Even knowing that she has to kill, he now understands the code she lives by. As he rings for the hotel desk clerk, Marie thinks to herself that Joe makes her feel alive. He looks over his shoulder at her, and she smiles.
tt0097474
Horror,Thriller
The film opens with the last few moments of Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers on October 31, 1988. Rachel Carruthers and Jamie, Michael Myers's 8-year-old niece are being pursued by Michael while in a truck. Michael climbs onto the roof and tries to drive them off the road, but Rachel slams on the brakes, sending Michael slamming onto the gravel below. As he stands up, Rachel floors it and slams into him, sending him flying into a nearby field. At this time, police cars arrive and Rachel leaves the truck to go speak with them, telling Jamie to stay there. But Jamie is too curious and walks over to Michael's lifeless body, taking his hand in hers. Right then, Rachel spots her and yells for her not to touch him. Suddenly, Michael's grip tightens on his knife as he begins to rise. Jamie ducks down as the police begin firing at him. Michael eventually stumbles backwards into an abandoned mine shaft, apparently dead. The police then set up a dynamite, causing the entire shaft to explode, but Michael, who we now know is alive, but mortally wounded, has already managed to crawl out into the river below. Next to the river is a small cottage where a hermit and his pet parrot live. The hermit stands by a stove, stirring something in a pot as the parrot chatters away. Annoyed, the hermit yells at it to be quiet as Michael slowly approaches the cottage outside. The hermit, now suspicious that someone might be outside, ventures out the door, finding nothing at all. As he goes back into the house, Michael suddenly leaps out and grabs him by the neck, but he then falls over, unconscious once again. The hermit stands, shocked, wondering who this strange man in a mask is. The scene then cuts to October 30, 1989, almost a year later. Jamie is in the Haddonfield Children's Clinic, shaking in her bed. She has been attached to several devices and is clearly having a horrific nightmare. She is remembering herself on Halloween, 1988 when she donned the clown costume and murdered her foster mother, Darlene by repeatedly stabbing her with a pair of scissors. Darlene screams and falls into a bathtub, covered in blood. Jamie then rises out of her bed, screaming, attracting the attention of Nurse Patsey, her nurse. But when Nurse Patsey arrives in the room, she dismisses Jamie's hysterics as only a nightmare and leaves. Meanwhile, at the cottage by the river, Michael, still being watched by the hermit, suddenly rises up and puts on his mask, this going unnoticed by the hermit. Jamie, somehow psychologically connected with Michael, envisions this and grabs a chalkboard, writing out "He's coming for me." Michael then creeps up behind the hermit, and grabs him by the neck. The hermit yells in pain as Jamie screams once again. Michael throws the hermit into the air, sending him crashing onto the floor below. Withdrawing his knife, Michael raises it into the air and stabs the hermit. Nurse Patsey goes into Jamie's room once again, this time calling the doctors, who rush Jamie downstairs to an operating room. There, they find Dr. Loomis, who tells them not to do anything, that she will revive soon. The doctors become angry at him, thinking that he only wants her dead, but Jamie soon does as Dr. Loomis predicts. The next morning, Jamie is greeted by Rachel, a surprise visitor. Jamie, in her condition, cannot speak, and they are using signs to talk to each other. After a while, Rachel's friend, Tina, arrives at the window with Max, Jamie's dog. Jamie greets them and Tina reveals a costume that she bought for Jamie, a beautiful pink princess dress. Suddenly, at this moment, Dr. Loomis enters the room, asking what is going on. Tina, a bit frightened, then leaves with Max and Rachel says goodbye to Jamie, telling her that she will return in two days. Outside, Rachel speaks with Dr. Loomis about a note that was found reading: "The evil child must die!" Rachel asks why the people of the town can't understand that Jamie is just a child and is harmless. Dr. Loomis senses the fear in Rachel that this whole ordeal with Michael Myers will start over again, and Rachel leaves to go home with Tina and Max. Upon arriving at Rachel's house, Tina invites her to a teen party at the Tower Farm, but Rachel replies that her parents would kill her if she did something like that. Tina tells her to think about it and leaves. Rachel turns to go inside with Max, who pulls away, barking at something rustling in the trees near the house. Once they get inside, Rachel begins undressing to take a shower and goes to feed Max his dog food. As Rachel goes upstairs to the bathroom, someone stands outside, watching through the window. Meanwhile, at the clinic, the children are decorating a Halloween mural, when suddenly, Jamie senses danger for Rachel and Max. At the Carruthers house, Max stands barking at the back door while Rachel is showering upstairs. Dr. Loomis watches through the door at the clinic as Jamie begins wildly coloring blood-like red all over the mural. This attracts the attention of her friend, Billy Hill, another child at the clinic. He interprets what she is saying and turns to find someone, but Dr. Loomis is already there. While Rachel is in the shower, the phone rings, and, wrapping a towel around her shoulders, runs into the bedroom to answer it. It is Dr. Loomis calling for her to check on Max. Rachel obeys, going downstairs and finds Max gone, the back door open. Rachel then picks the phone back up, reporting that Max has disappeared and Dr. Loomis tells her to leave the house. Rachel, now frightened, hurries to the neighbor's house, finding him working in the garden. Later, after the police have inspected the Carruthers house, Rachel stands outside, nervously pacing back and forth. The police, Deputy Tom and Nick, return, having found nothing in the house. Rachel then inquires about Max, who then comes running down the street. Rachel, completely embarrassed, apologizes to the police. At the clinic, Jamie sits crying at the fact that she was wrong. Billy tries to comfort her, but she only pushes him away. Dr. Loomis begins begging her to tell him where Michael is, but she refuses to speak. Back at the Carruthers house, Rachel finds a cute sweater in her closet and puts it on, not noticing Michael's hand appearing behind the clothes rack. As Rachel looks at herself in the mirror, Michael walks behind her and out of the room. Rachel suddenly feels an evil presence and suspiciously walks down the hallway to Jamie's room. There, she finds Jamie's picture on the floor, the frame shattered. Instantly, Michael appears in the doorway and Rachel sees his reflection in the shattered glass. Spinning around, she screams and is too late as Michael raises a pair of scissors into the air and stabs her in the chest. Jamie, having seen this in a dream, awakes, shaking in her bed at the clinic. Nurse Patsey and the doctor try to calm her. Meanwhile, Dr. Loomis continues to warn Sheriff Meeker about Jamie's convulsions who dismisses it as a trivial matter . He reminds Meeker that his own daughter Kelly was killed by Michael along with many others just a year ago. He shows Meeker his burnt hand which was caused by the explosion at Haddonfield Memorial Hospital back in 1978. Loomis goes on to add that Michael isn't anything but pure evil to the point where even the entity of Hell wouldn't accept him. Officer Markland interrupts the conversation to notify Meeker that he is wanted at the cemetery. Tina arrives at the Carruther's home with groceries. She tries ringing the doorbell, but receives no response. Michael watches Tina inside the house. Tina runs around to the back where Max is chained up in the yard. She reaches for a spare key above the doorframe only to discover that the door was left open. She keeps calling for Rachael but recieves no answer as she enters the kitchen. Michael, watching her every move, stealthily walks from the living room to the hallway. Tina informs Rachael she got her a gift before removing the needle off of the record player. She runs upstairs, laughing, only to look inside of a room and find that Rachael isn't there. She says that she will miss her before she enters a bedroom and looks around. As she grabs a teddy bear off a shelf and lied down onto the bed she suddenly becomes startled by the doorbell. Tina looks out the window to find that it is her friend Sammy. She opens the door only to find that no one is there. Sammy suddenly sneaks up behind her and surprises her. The two embrace. Tina is excited that they have the entire house to themselves for the weekend after it is assumed that Rachael decided to leave the country with her parents. As they leave, Tina returns the spare key to the top of the doorframe. Michael has returned to the living room and watches the girls out the front window. Getting the feeling of being watched, Tina turns around only to find no one at the window. At the clinic, Jamie continues to suffer nightmares. Tina and Sammy arrive at the clinic after Tina expresses an interest in visiting Jamie. They are discussing their plans for the evening as Michael stalks them from a distance. Tina's boyfriend Michael speeds towards the girls in his convertible. Tina hops into the passenger seat when Sammy makes a point that Tina wanted to see Jamie. When Tina postpones, Michael only shakes his head as Sammy aquiesces and gets into the backseat. Jamie hears the revv of the enigne outside which wakes her up. She looks out the window to find Michael staring at her in the distance. She runs towards the front door when suddenly a shadow, presumably Michael's, looms up against the door. Jamie tries to open two other doors but they're locked. After failing to open several other doors, Jamie runs down two flights of stairs to the laundry room where she tears through sheets on clotheslines. She enters the adjoining boiler room where she attempts to climb and hide in a small niche in the wall. The figure following her was only the custodian who calms Jamie down and asks her why she is downstairs. Nurse Patsey enters and also calms Jamie asking if it was one of her dreams again. Jamie shakes her head. She is then returned to her room. Dr. Loomis closes the door. He pleads with Jamie to help him locate and stop Michael reminding her that he made her stab her stepmother. He warns Jamie that she can't hide from him because he will always get to her. Jamie only fears Dr. Loomis and does her best to ignore him. Loomis tells her of the coffin Michael dug up at the cemetery that belonged to an eleven year old girl. He asks Jamie what she thinks he will do with that. Nurse Patsey intervenes and tells Loomis to leave Jamie alone. Loomis continues to offer alliance with Jamie so they can team up and stop Michael together because there is a reason why he has this power over her. Meanwhile, a mysterious man in black clothing with silver-tipped boots exits a Lewis Bros. Stages Bus. Dr. Loomis arrives at the old Myers home armed with a gun. He climbs the front steps and enters through the front door. He looks around for Michael and even calls out is name but receives nothing. Eventually, Michael arrives and kills the cop by banging his head on the dashboard. When Michael gets inside the house, Loomis finds him and tries to reason with him. While attempting to take his knife away, Michael attacks him and goes upstairs. At this time, a police deputy is dangling a rope out of the window and begins to help Jamie climb out. But things do not go according to plan and Michael murders the deputy by hanging him out the window with the rope. However, Jamie manages to run past Michael. She hides in an old laundry chute and is forced to abandon safety after Michael finds her and repeatedly stabs the chute. Michael chases her upstairs. Jamie hides in the attic before spotting Rachel's dog Max hung from a noose, as well as the bodies of Mike and Rachel. Michael finds her, and Jamie tries appealing to her uncle's humanity but ultimately fails after touching Michael's face, sending him into a fit of rage. Loomis appears, using a tranquilizer gun to weaken him and then proceeds to violently beat him unconscious with a wooden plank until Loomis suffers a stroke. In the final scene, Michael is locked up in the sheriff's station, to eventually be escorted to a maximum-security prison. However, the stranger in black arrives and attacks the police station, shooting the officers with a sub-machine gun and causing an explosion. Jamie walks through the station finding the bodies of gunned officers, and goes over to Michael's holding cell to discover that it is empty. The movie ends with Jamie moaning in terror....
tt0086129
Comedy
The film opens with images from the first part of Porky's. Edward "Pee Wee" Morris (Dan Monahan) wakes up shouting "I've been laid!" with joy. It's the following morning, after all the events in the first film. He increases the line in his maturity chart - the one he keeps under his mattress. His penis doesn't look as responsive as always, but he thinks it may be a resting time after the novelty of sex with a woman. His mother (Ilse Erl) enters his bedroom while he's got a boner - after watching topless women at The National Geographic magazine. Mrs. Morris is dumbfounded when she looks at Pee Wee's chart. Back at Angel Beach High School, Pee Wee brags about having Wendy Williams (Kaki Hunter) snatched from everybody else. His friends tease Pee Wee, saying that Wendy didn't think it was such a big thing. Wendy wants a better man - Wendy admits that it was all a prank planned by his friends: she really ended up satisfied. The Drama Club is producing a Shakespeare-based play for a theater festival. All the boys in the festival are participating. Pee Wee interrupts a natural sciences lesson - the vivisected frogs are disgusting. Pee Wee is blamed for a joke which was not even his, but the science teacher (Howard Neu) tells him off. Pee Wee is jealous of Wendy, who is talked about a lot. She says that she's faithful, that people will talk about her without really knowing her, and that boys will always brag about things they haven't really done. Pee Wee tries to trust her, and says that he'll "kick the ass" of any boy who badmouths her from that moment on. Tommy Turner (Wyatt Knight), Tim Cavanaugh (Cyril O'Reilly), Billy McCarthy (Mark Herrier) and Anthony "Meat" Tuperello (Tony Ganios) are part of Pee Wee's gang. They are on friendly terms with new student Johnny Henry (Joseph Runningfox), who says hello to them. He'll participate in Shakespeare's play as well, alongside with Pee Wee and Tommy. Anthony has to dress up as a god fairy, which creates plenty of mockery around, especially with Pee Wee. Later, they disguise themselves to go to a carnival to see a well-endowed girl to dance something similar to the dance of the seven veils. The boys visit Gloria, and her MC (Peter Conrad). Pee Wee refuses to get on stage wearing his costume. When he is forced to come out on stage, he looks like a green Puck. Just then, Coach Ms. Beulah Balbricker (Nancy Parsons) and Reverend Bubba Flavel (Bill Wiley) arrive, demanding that the play be shut down for its content and that Johnny Henry has been cast as the lead role. The group takes their case to principal Mr. Floyd J. Carter (Eric Christmas) where the fanatical Rev. Flavel makes his case over it. Mr. Carter cannot stand up to Flavel's shouts and screams. Flavel and Balbricker allege that Shakespeare is filth. Carter dismisses them after reading romantic passages from the Bible to counter Flavel's ranting. That evening, Pee Wee finds another girl, and he takes her to the cemetery. He runs away. It's a prank; as Pee Wee shows himself stark naked. Laura gets undressed and wraps herself around Pee Wee. It looks like Laura is choking to death. Steve and Tommy say that Pee Wee is to blame for Laura's death. They can't call Ted (Art Hindle), the same cop who helped them out in the first film. Steve frightens Pee Wee, dressed as a zombie. So now, they accuse Pee Wee of killing two people; he runs away butt naked. Ted and another cop see Pee Wee naked running on the road, but they don't stop to pick him up. They are dumb folded by Steve's disguise, but not afraid. He passes out. The next day, Somebody (Will Knickerbocker) has thrust a dummy against Johnny Henry, a Native American, kissing a white girl. The commissioners arrive; they are Hurley (Fred Buch), Couch (Richard Liberty) and Gebhardt (Edward Winter). The commissioners will support the play, in spite of the racist comments. The next day, Pee Wee and the others stage a prank at Coach Balbricker. Noticing how she always goes to the bathroom on the hour every day, the gang sneaks away from gym practice to the basement to place a live corn snake in the pipe leading up to the very toilet where Balbricker is releving herself. Balbricker sings and dances Black Magic while on the toilet. They open up the pipe and push the corn snake up. Balbricker runs in panic with her pants and panties down to the gym of the high school. All the school hears her screams and sees her. Everybody panics, especially two cheerleaders (Francine Joyce and Wendy Becker), when they see the snake crawl out of the girls locker room. Tommy picks up the harmless snake and the coaches congratulate him for that. Later that day, Carter interrupts rehearsals, when Johnny Henry was taking his role too realistically. Officially, the Shakespeare production is called off, but the classroom can rehearse as a private project classroom. One of them mentions that one of the commissioners exposed himself. Seward County Commissioner Gebhardt initially gestures Steve, Pee Wee, Wendy and the rest of the gang that Flavel's demands are ludicrous and unreasonable. The commissioners seem to think well of the production; Gebhardt praises them to fight for their ideals and for what they want. He tells them that he'll do a favor, in return of which he'll be offered another favor, and that's how things work, so they have nothing to worry about. The next evening, the gang finds John beaten to a pulp. The KKK opposes a Seminole character - his role is Romeo - to kiss a white girl - Wendy's role which is Juliet. A cross is burning next to him. 5,000 signatures are given to Geghardt against the play. The play neverless goes on. During the swordfight scene, Johnny's sword breaks and he has to pretend to keep on fighting with a broken sword in an absurd way. They give him the leg of a female mannequin. Flavel arrives and insists in shutting the production down just as Pee Wee in his green-skinned costume is giving his monologue. Anthony shows Flavel his balls. Mrs Morris tells him that the gesture wasn't helpful. Gebhardt gestures for the gang to keep calm, but he finally betrays them. Gebhardt is a pervert who will go out with Wendy, who is 17 and therefore still a minor. Wendy wants revenge. At Seward Court, in the basement, commissioners love silent black-and-white porn flicks (stag films). They make derogatory terms. Tommy records them with a tape audio recorder. Wendy prepares a punch which looks like vomit. She goes to La Fontana di voglio, a fancy restaurant to meet with Gebhardt for their date as he is friends with the Maitre d's (Robin Paradise and Ted Richert). Wendy is wearing large fake breasts with the fake vomit in them. At the rally, the KKK is led to the school gym away from the gathering talk to John. The gym is packed with Seminole Indians and hostile looking African American locals. Pee Wee and the gang tells the KKK that they want to shave the KKK members' heads in retribution for their assault on Johnny. At the restaurant, Wendy enters dressed and talking like a prostitute, shouting and making a big scene out of it so that everybody looks at her... which everybody does. She jumps on top of Gebhardt and tries to shag him there. She puts her boa hat on a gentleman (William Kerwin)'s head, and she sings that she's turning on 17 that day, and that she was 14 when she first met him. Wendy will cry rape if he goes away: she says that she's pregnant of him. Back at the rally, during Rev. Flavel's speech, he sees he KKK members appear stark naked with shaved heads. Then, the recording with the commissioners badmouthing Flavel and talking about the porn flick is played for everybody to hear. The public gets restless and Flavel loses it, swearing like a maniac to the press. At the restaurant, Wendy further humiliates herself and Gebhardt by getting drunk and drinks the gentleman's cup, and she repeats her date's name and position. Wendy then uses the fake vomit in her fake breasts and vomits in a pool, and all the restaurant-goers leave. The gentleman even saw Wendy take out the vomit from one of her fake breasts. Pee Wee appears and takes a picture of Gerbhardt in the fountain pool. They leave to the sound of We're going to see the Wizard, the wonderful Wizard of Oz, because because because.... The news jumps to the newspapers and Gernhardt quits his post. In a montage of the closing; The Shakesperean Festival is on again, announced on the first page. Johnny is a hero with the play and the community. Wendy and Pee Wee are together again. The KKK members try to discreetly leave. One of them is kicked in the head by sweet ladies with umbrellas. The restaurant will be no more. Flavel tries to strangle one of his old accomplices.
tt0100201
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
The story begins on "the strangest day" of Larry Burrows (James Belushi) life consisting of a series of comic and dramatic misadventures. Larry is a businessman having just turned 35. He lives in an incomplete small house in a suburb of a nameless US city with his loyal and supportive wife Ellen (Linda Hamilton). Larry looks forward to having a romantic dinner with Ellen to celebrate his birthday that night, but she tells him that she may not make it due to her union meeting. Larry blames all of his life's problems on the fact that he struck out during a key moment of a high school baseball game 20 years earlier, which cost his team from winning and left him an outcast among his friends and teammates. Every day, Larry wishes he had done things differently and hit that baseball. Things in Larry's life turn from bad to worse when he gets fired by his reprehensible supervisor Niles Pender (Hart Bochner) after discovering a scheme to sell the company under the nose of its owners to a group of naive Japanese investors. As the defeated Larry leaves the office after cleaning out his desk, he drives home through a rough part of the city when his car, an old Ford LTD station wagon, stalls out in a dark alley. Suddenly the pink lights of the "Universal Joint," a bar, come on. Larry goes inside to call a tow truck, and tells bartender Mike (Michael Caine) his troubles. He reviews the day he just had to Mike and tells him that he wishes he'd hit that last pitch out of the park, after which Mike fixes him a drink called "Spilled Milk." Larry leaves the bar, walks home and discovers someone else living in his house, which is now fixed up (previously his yard and driveway were muddy and unfinished). Mike appears as a taxi driver and drives him to his "new" home, a mansion in Forest Hills, explaining that he did in fact hit the last pitch and won the game. Mike more or less tells Larry that he is a type of 'guardian angel' known at Mr. Destiny who grants life-altering wishes to those select few whom wonder what their lives would be like if they made a different life-altering choice. After being dropped off, Larry soon discovers that Cindy Jo (Renee Russo), the daughter of the owner Leo Hanson (Bill McCutcheon), is his wife and he's the president of his company, Liberty Republic Sporting Goods. Being a classic car buff, he's shocked to find that he owns a collection of priceless antique automobiles in his garage. At first, Larry's new life seems perfect with the large birthday party that Cindy Jo throws for him, and happy that he has two young children from his marriage (something that he and Ellen could not have). But soon, Larry begins to miss his best friend Clip Metzger (Jon Lovitz) and wife Ellen from his previous life; he also discovers that his alternate self has created many enemies, like Jewel Jagger (Courteney Cox), a forklift driver at a company warehouse whom is angry with him over spending less time with her. Larry's problems multiply as he realizes that hitting that home run not only made him popular and well liked, but it has also made himself arrogant and shallow. He soon finds himself wishing to be put back into his old life. Larry soon discovers that Clip has a low-level job in the accounting department, and Ellen is shop steward (in both realities). Jewel Jagger is now Larry's mistress. Ellen hates Larry (because in this alternate reality he has become greedy and selfish) and he discovers that the union is threatening a walkout due to massive layoffs and increased production, since Niles Pender is selling the company in both realities. Seeing Ellen, he realizes how much he misses her and agrees to all the union's demands, providing Ellen agrees to dinner at his favorite restaurant. She reluctantly agrees, and Larry eventually convinces her that they were married in a previous life. Pender, after discovering that Larry has agreed to union demands, takes revenge on Larry. He first tells both Cindy Jo and Jewel, of Larry's dinner date with Ellen. He then plots to kill Larry at the office that night. However, Leo Hansen comes to Larry's office to leave him a note that he is fired for cheating on Cindy Jo, and Pender, thinking it's Larry, kills him by beating him with a golf club. As a 'Plan B', Pender then calls Larry to the office, and then calls the police where he points out to them that he witnessed Larry killing Leo. As the police attempt to arrest Larry for Leo's murder, Larry escapes while the jealous and insane Jewel creates pandimonium outside the building in her attempts to shoot him (and shoots out a number of police cars in the process), and a police chase ensues. Larry attempts to hide out at Ellen's house, but she refuses to help him and instead tells Larry that she has gotten back together with her husband. Dejected, Larry leaves. Now a fugitive framed for Leo's murder, Larry finds himself cornered in a dark alley. As he's about to turn himself in, the pink glow of the "Universal Joint" bar comes on, and Larry runs into the empty bar, attempting to remake the "Spilled Milk" drink that Mike made before and wishing that he had his old life back and wishing he never hit that home run. The red flashing lights of the police cars outside the bar suddenly become those yellow lights of a tow truck. Suddenly, Mike appears back behind the bar, and Larry realizes he's back in his old life at the exact same time and day of his 35th birthday. He suddenly remembers that tonight the owners of Liberty Republic are to sign the deal with the Japanese investors. He has Duncan, the tow truck driver, rush him back to the company headquarters and exposes Pender's scheme just as Leo is about to sign the deal. Larry then gets a personal revenge by knocking out Pender with one punch before leaving. Larry then returns home to his house where, after walking in, Ellen is revealed to be there with all of his neighbors and friends where they throw Larry a suprise birthday party. Chip is also in attenance with Jewel as his date. Just then Jackie Earl (Jay O. Sanders), the company vice president and Cindy Jo's husband, arrives and tells Larry that Pender confessed everything to Leo which resulted in his dismissal and that Leo is offering Pender's job to Larry, plus a company car: a new Mercedes. Larry accepts the offer and the film ends happily with Larry's 35th birthday party at his home, glad to be back with Ellen, and in his house, which still has the muddy driveway and lawn. Larry then recalls one final flashback where 20 years earlier, after striking out and losing the game for his team and being all alone on the baseball diamond field, he remembers a strange man (whom is Mike) saying to him that all things in life will turn out for the better or worse.
tt0098105
Comedy,Crime
The police must investigate a series of robberies along a strip of land in the city. The new mayor of the city (Kenneth Mars) assigns Captain Harris (G.W. Bailey) and Lt. Proctor (Lance Kinsey) to the case, but while on stakeout the Wilson gang manages to slip through their fingers. The Mayor wants Harris and Proctor to work with Police Academy head Commandant Lassard (George Gaynes) on apprehending the gang. Lassard assembles a seven-man team consisting of Hightower (Bubba Smith), Tackleberry (David Graf), Jones (Michael Winslow), Hooks (Marion Ramsey), Callahan (Leslie Easterbrook), Fackler (Bruce Mahler), and Lassard's nephew, Nick (Matt McCoy) who transfers from Miami (in the previous film Police Acdemy 5) to the city to remain close to his friends and dull-witted uncle. After distributing flyers as to the information of the Wilson gang and getting nowhere, Nick McCoy stumbles upon a paper heading of an antique diamond heading to a museum, and gets an idea to use it as bait: however the robbers nab the diamond anyway by cutting a hole in the truck and escaping through the sewer system. McCoy then decides to go undercover to get information regarding a possible hideout, but Harris decides to go undercover to get a confession. It turns out that Harris goes undercover as a window washer at a tall building, for which he has a fear of heights, and gets a confession of himself on tape after his loyal but numb-skull lacky, Proctor, accidentally knocks him over the balcony. It is revealed here that the robberies are committed by a group of three dim-witted criminals who do not seem to be able to do this on their own, and it is revealed they are being guided by a literally shadow figure known as the "Mastermind", who speaks to the three behind a wall of glass and uses a voice distortion device. He devises a plan to get the cops out of the way. Commandant Lassard and his men are later suspended after stolen jewellery from the last robbery is planted in Lassard's locker, pending an investigation. The misfit cops decide to clear Lassard's name by nabbing the gang and the ringleader. Accessing data files from a computer, McCoy deduces that the robberies are occurring along a bus route, thus intentionally lowering property values in that part of the city. They also learn that someone must be 'leaking' information to the bad guys, which is why they are always one step ahead of the Police Academy. The Police Academy force finds and does battle with the Wilson gang, while Nick chases the leader. A pursuit follows, which leads to Commissioner Hurst's (George Robertson) office. It is revealed that the Mayor is the "Mastermind" and that Captain Harris has been unwittingly leaking information during his daily meetings with the Mayor. Hurst apologizes and reinstates the force, and a plaque is given to honor the officers' bravery the next day. As the movie closes, Harris is sitting in a chair when a string tying the balloon float is cut, lifting his chair and floating him up into the air as he shouts Proctor's name.
tt0112688
Crime,Drama,Mystery
In a Brooklyn housing project, a group of "clockers" - street-level drug dealers - sell drugs for Rodney Little (Delroy Lindo), a local drug lord. Rodney tells Ronald "Strike" Dunham (Mekhi Phifer), one of his lead clockers, that another dealer, Darryl Adams (Steve White), is stealing from him and "got to be got", implying that he wants Strike to kill Darryl. Strike then meets with his brother, Victor Dunham (Isaiah Washington) and tries to persuade Victor to kill Darryl Adams. Rocco Klein (Harvey Keitel) and Larry Mazilli (John Turturro), homicide detectives, ride to the scene of Darryl Adams' murder. Larry and Rocco receive a phone call from another detective who says a man has confessed at a local church that he killed Darryl. The police meet Strike's older brother Victor at the church and take him in for questioning. In the interrogation room, Victor tells Rocco that he shot Darryl Adams in self-defense. Rocco finds holes in this story and starts looking into Victor's background which includes two jobs, a wife, two children, no criminal record, and aspirations to move out of the projects; Rocco comes to the conclusion that Victor is covering for his younger brother. Rocco pressures Strike but Victor sticks to his story, so Rocco convinces Rodney that Strike has confessed and informed on Rodney's drug ring. Rocco arrests Rodney and then humiliates Strike in front of his crew. Strike gets together some money and decides to leave town, but a younger boy who admired Strike shoots Errol, Rodney's enforcer, with Strike's gun. Rocco lets Strike leave town.
tt0100260
Action,Fantasy,Horror
A young man named Aaron Boone (Craig Sheffer) is plagued by dreams of a city called Midian, a place where monsters can go to be forgiven and accepted. As a means of coping with these recurring nightmares and at the request of his girlfriend Lori (Anne Bobby), Boone is seeing psychotherapist Dr. Phillip K. Decker (David Cronenberg), who convinces Boone that he has committed a series of gruesome murders. In reality, Decker is a serial killer who dons a grotesque mask and has been murdering several families, all whom he sees as disgusting "breeders". Decker attempts to pin the blame for his killing spree on Boone. He gives Boone a bottle of lithium (actually a hallucinogenic substance) and twenty four hours to turn himself in. Boone wanders the streets in a hallucinogenic haze. He is hit by a truck and taken to a hospital. In the hospital, Boone overhears the drug-addled cries of Narcisse (Hugh Ross), who is waiting for the monsters to take him to Midian. Narcisse, led to believe Boone is a messenger from Midian sent to test him, tells Boone the way, before tearing the skin from his face with a pair of razors, in order to show his "true face". Boone escapes the hospital and makes his way to Midian, an entire city standing under a massive graveyard. Boone encounters two supernatural creatures named Kinski (Nicholas Vince) and Peloquin (Oliver Parker) who inhabit the city. Kinski says they should take him below but Peloquin states that whereas they are "Nightbreed", Boone is a "natural" and thinks he should die. Boone pleads with them, claiming he is a murderer and hence belongs with the monsters, but Peloquin says he can smell innocence. Peloquin transforms himself into a more monstrous state and bites Boone on the shoulder intending to devour him, but Boone manages to escape and leaves the graveyard, only to run into an entire squad of police officers waiting outside the gate with Decker. Decker tries to get Boone to surrender and suddenly yells that Boone has a gun. Boone is then gunned down by the police. At the morgue, Boone comes back to life due to Peloquin's bite becoming a Nightbreed. He makes his way back to Midian where Narcisse has also returned to. Boone is schooled in the laws of Midian and is inducted into Midian's society by Dirk Lylesburg (Doug Bradley), the leader of the Nightbreed. Lylesburg dips his hand into blood of Baphomet (the deity of Midian) and presses it to Boone's chest, completing his induction ceremony. Lori, seeking to understand why Boone left her, resolves to investigate Midian for herself. She befriends a woman named Sheryl Anne (Debora Weston) and drives out to the cemetery. She wanders into the cemetery, leaving Sheryl Anne waiting at the car. She finds a dying creature out in the sunlight and at the pleading request of a Nightbreed woman named Rachel (Catherine Chevalier), picks it up and takes it into the shadows, where it transforms into a little girl who happens to be Rachel's daughter Babette, who is sensitive to sunlight. Lori asks after Boone, only to be rebuffed by Lylesburg, who assures her that Boone is now Nightbreed, and hence no longer part of her world. Lori tries to make her way into Midian but is scared off by Peloquin. As she leaves the cemetery, she is greeted by the sight of Sheryl Anne's dead body and her new boyfriend, who reveals himself as Decker. He tries to kill Lori in an attempt to bring Boone out of hiding. Decker chases Lori back into the cemetery where he knocks Lori unconscious. Before he can kill her however, Boone appears. Decker stabs him only to learn that Boone cannot be killed due to his supernatural transformation. Decker manages to escape and Boone takes Lori into Midian, where she regains consciousness deep inside the city. Lori is told of the history of Midian by Rachel: the monsters of lore were peaceful beings, hunted to near extinction by frightened and superstitious humans. Boone and Lori are then banished from Midian by Lylesburg. Meanwhile, Decker interrogates a local mechanic who once wanted to join the Nightbreed and learns how they can die. He then murders the residents of the hotel where Boone and Lori are staying. Boone finds the murder scene. Unable to control his thirst for blood, Boone takes a taste. The police find him and take him into custody. At Decker's urging, the local police and militia led by a bloodthirsty police captain named Eigerman (Charles Haid) form up a small army to attack Midian. They release a drunken priest named Ashberry (Malcolm Smith) to serve them as God's servant in the battle. Lori, Rachel, and Narcisse race to the jail to release Boone. Lori shows Boone that she loves him even as a "monster". The four head back to Midian where Boone convinces the scared Nightbreed to fight back. During the battle, Ashberry is horrified to learn that there are women and children among the Nightbreed and tries to stop the attack, but is roughly beaten down by Eigerman. Ashberry then finds the statue of Baphomet. He drops his cross and Bible and moves forward to swear allegiance, but is splashed and severely burned by the blood of Baphomet and transformed. The Nightbreed manages to fight back, but Boone learns from Lylesburg that Baphomet is going to destroy all of Midian. He tells Lylesburg to release the Berserkers, a monstrous, feral breed that were imprisoned due to their sheer insanity. Lylesburg attempts to open the cages but is killed, leaving Boone to release them. The Beserkers attack the humans furiously, turning the tide of the battle as the humans flee in fear. Boone and Decker then face each other in the burning wreckage of Midian. The two fight and Boone kills him. Boone then goes to Baphomet (Bernard Henry), who says that he has caused the end of Midian, but also that this was foretold. Baphomet charges Boone with finding a new home for the Nightbreed and renames him "Cabal." Boone makes his way out of Midian with Lori. The remaining Nightbreed meet in an old barn. Boone says his goodbyes to Narcisse promising that he will not forget the Nightbreed and that he will find a place where they will all be safe. Meanwhile in the ruins of Midian, Ashberry stands in front of Decker's corpse and states that he wants to exact vengeance on Baphomet and the Breed. He takes some of the blood of Baphomet and pushes it into Decker's chest wound. Decker suddenly springs back to life with a scream as Ashberry chants "Hallelujah" over and over again. Alternate ending In an alternate ending (as used by The Cabal Cut of the movie), the Nightbreed await Boone in a barn whilst Boone says his goodbyes to Lori as he must venture the world to find a new home for them, but he promises to return to her. Lori, fearing she will be elderly when the time comes whilst Boone will retain his youth, stabs herself and dies. Boone is forced into resurrecting her into another Nightbreed. At first the revival doesn't seem to work, but it is eventually successful. Elsewhere, Captain Eigerman wanders the underground remains where he stumbles upon the transformed Ashberry who desires revenge. Eigerman shares this desire, but Ashberry rejects him and kills Eigerman and begins his hunt for the Nightbreed.
tt0091080
Horror,Thriller
Superhuman serial killer Jason Voorhees has been dead and buried for six years. However, Tommy Jarvis, who killed Jason in self-defense when he was 12 years old, is still haunted by his encounter, resulting in his having been institutionalized for an extended period of time. Intent on cremating Jason's body to rid himself of his demons, Tommy escapes the mental hospital with his friend, Hawes, and breaks into the cemetery containing Jason's grave. He and Hawes exhume Jason's casket, but before they can cremate the body, an infuriated Tommy begins stabbing it with a steel fence post. The post acts as a conductor for an ongoing lightning storm, and Jason is resurrected from the dead. He kills Hawes with a punch through the heart and throws his body into the exhumed coffin, prompting Tommy to flee the cemetery. Tommy returns to the town of Crystal Lake, the site of Jason's killings, which has now been renamed Forest Green to distance itself from negative publicity. Tommy attempts to warn the town arrogant sheriff, Mike Garris, of Jason's return, but Garris, aware of Tommy's institutionalization, writes him off as disturbed and has him locked in a holding cell. Meanwhile, Jason begins a trek back to the lake that was the site of his drowning as a child. En route, he encounters Lizabeth and Darren, a pair of summer camp supervisors, who are themselves headed to the lake to supervise the re-opening of the summer camp. Jason attacks and kills them, leaving their bodies in the woods. The next morning, Sheriff Garris's daughter, Megan, who is slated to be one of the camp counselors, arrives with her fellow counselors Cort, Sissy, and Paula to report Lizabeth and Darren missing. Tommy cites their disappearance as evidence of Jason's return, but is met with hostility from everyone but Megan, who takes a liking to him. Sheriff Garris sends the counselors off to the campsite and then escorts Tommy out of town; en route, Tommy flees to the cemetery to try and show Garris the open grave, only to discover that the groundskeeper, fearful of being implicated for digging up the grave due to his alcoholism, has covered the grave (and, consequently, Hawes's body) with dirt. Garris handcuffs Tommy and takes him to the city limits, warning him not to return. Meanwhile, a quintent of business people playing paintball in the woods are set upon by Jason, who kills them and steals their supplies. That night, Jason continues making his way back to Crystal Lake, in the process killing the grave digger and a nearby couple having a picnic. Cort meets up with a local girl, Nikki, and leaves the camp to have sex with her in the woods; they end up in Jason's path and are both killed by him. Sheriff Garris ultimately finds the bodies, and believes that Tommy has killed them, living out a delusion of Jason's return. Tommy, meanwhile, has contacted Megan, having figured out a way to defeat Jason after having read books on monsters and folklore: He can be incapacitated by being trapped beneath the surface of the lake where he drowned. Megan attempts to bring Tommy back to the camp, but they are intercepted by one of Garris's roadblocks. Tommy is arrested and Megan is escorted back to the police station to await her father's return from the field. The police's attention on Tommy permits Jason to slip into the summer camp, where he kills Paula and Sissy, but refrains from harming any of the children. Megan and Tommy escape the police station and make it to the lake, where the pursuing police are forced to acknowledge Jason's return when he attacks them. Garris and his deputies briefly incapacitate Jason by shooting him with high caliber weapons, but Jason ultimately recovers and kills them all. He then attempts to kill Megan, but is distracted by Tommy, who beckons to him from the lake. Seemingly remembering Tommy, Jason abandons Megan and wades out to the lake, where Tommy ambushes him with a chain attached to a large boulder. A fight ensues, during which both Tommy and Jason are knocked into the water; as Tommy attempts to swim to the surface, Jason pulls him underwater and he loses consciousness. Megan swims out to save Tommy and is likewise attacked by Jason, but finally incapacitates him by driving a motor boat propeller into his head. Back on land, Megan revives Tommy with CPR and the children celebrate. At the bottom of the lake, Jason floats, attached to the boulder, still alive but powerless to escape.
tt0106941
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Doug Ireland was a concierge in Bradbury hotel after graduated from University. His dream is to own his own hotel. He decided to earn more money and serve customers well. He was being liked by customers and bosses. One day, a client showed a lady (Andy-Gabrielle Anwar) to Doug , ask Doug to look after Andy as the client had wife and have to stay with wife. Andy think that Doug was only for money and so ignore Doug herself. When leaving Andy, Doug found that he began to love Andy, and this time he must grab Andy back to himself. One day, Andy found out that her boyfriend was trying to fraud and take all Doug's money, she ran to Doug and force Doug not to sign the contract. Hotel and Andy, which would Doug select? Finally ... both andy and doug...
tt0104558
Action,Comedy,Crime
In this third Police Story movie, Hong Kong 'Supercop', Inspector Chan Ka-Kui is sent on a secret mission to mainland communist China where he is introduced to the military police force's Interpol director, Jessica Yang (Michelle Yeoh), who briefs him on his assignment. The target of the mission is a drug lord named Chaibat. In order to infiltrate Chaibat's Triad organization, the plan is to get close to Chaibat's henchman Panther, who is being held in a Chinese prison labor camp in Canton. Ka-Kui, posing as a petty criminal, is able to help Panther escape with the aid of Chinese military police, who eliminate Panther's men in the prison. Panther then meets up with some of his other men, and Ka-Kui helps them escape to Hong Kong. En route to Hong Kong, Ka-Kui, along with Panther and his men pass through the supposed home-village of Ka-Kui's undercover role. Panther insists that Ka-Kui visit his family there. Realizing he does not actually know anyone in the village, Ka-Kui is apprehensive but is pleasantly relieved to be greeted by undercover military police posing as his family, with Yang posing as his sister. Yang and the Chinese military police help them win Panther's trust by faking the murder of a policeman by Yang. After arriving in Hong Kong, Ka-Kui, Yang and Panther go to Chaibat's luxurious hide out. Ka-Kui and Yang succeed in winning Chaibat's trust, especially after helping his men destroy a fortified drug production lab in Thailand, somewhere in the Golden Triangle, when Chaibat betrays a number of other drug lords who are conducting a heroin deal with him. The action then shifts to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, where Chaibat's wife is being held in prison, and is facing the death penalty. However, Chaibat needs to keep her alive because she knows the secret codes to his Swiss bank account, and she will not reveal them to anyone but her husband. More difficulties arise when Ka-Kui happens to run into his girlfriend May at a Malaysian resort hotel. She confronts Ka-Kui, and the situation turns into a misunderstanding, with Panther believing that Ka-Kui was trying to proposition a prostitute. Later, Ka-Kui is able to corner May and explain the situation, and she finally calms down. At one point, May even manages to keep Ka-Kui from inadvertently blowing his own cover. But then, in an elevator, May tells a co-worker about Ka-Kui, and one of Panther's men overhears her. May is taken hostage, and Ka-Kui and Yang their cover now blown are forced to help Chaibat free his wife. Chaibat's scheme is successful, and May is released, as per their agreement. However, the exchange turns sour when Chaibat pushes May from his helicopter. Furious, Ka-Kui and Yang refuse to let Chaibat and his men escape. An elaborate, stunt-filled action sequence begins that covers the roads, rooftops, and skies of Kuala Lumpur, finally reaching its climax aboard a speeding train, where Chaibat is killed after his helicopter collides into a tunnel and lands on him. Yang and Ka-Kui finally succeed in apprehending Chaibat's wife. Since her husband is dead, the wife decides to tell Yang and Ka-Kui the password to Chaibat's bank account and the two partners get into an argument over whether Hong Kong or China will take possession of it.
tt0110027
Action,Fantasy,Romance
"Highlander III: The Sorcerer" otherwise known as "Highlander III," "Highlander III- The Final Conflict," "Highlander III: The Magician," "Highlander III: The Final Dimension," "Highlander 3: The Legend," "Highlander: The Final Dimension," or "Highlander: The Sorcerer," begins with Conner MacLeod narrating of the Immortals, and how he was one of them using mainly the same words Ramirez had during the prologue at the beginning of the first "Highlander" film. He explains that after his mentor Ramirez was killed by the Kurgan, and his wife died through old age, he searched the world, "looking for answers." His journeys brought him to Japan where he became tutored in his immortal powers in the cave of Nakano the sorcerer. It is there that he and Nakano forge a katana which Conner now uses. The two battle in a training montage, and Conner gains the upper hand despite Nakano's illusions. Nakano invites him to destroy him so that Conner may receive his power, but Conner refuses since his friendship with Nakano is too great. Nakano warns Conner of the evil immortal named Kane, who is on his way with his two lackeys to the mountain of Neri where Conner and Nakano currently reside. On his way to the mountain, he passes through a Japanese village and asks for directions, but upon receiving none, Kane and his men brutally massacre every man, woman, and child within the village before setting it ablaze and continuing their journey. Kane and his men arrive at Nakano's cave and attack him. Conner tries to intervene but is impaled by Kane and defeated. Nakano distracts Kane with his illusions while Conner escapes, but Kane quickly gains the upper hand and decapitates Nakano. Before dying, Nakano tells Kane that Conner will eventually destroy him. Nakano's quickening, while powering Kane, cause a great explosion within the cave that causes to to seal up when the boulders break loose and cover up the entrances while Conner barely escapes the ensuing avalanche. In present day 1994, an excavation is taking place at Mount Neri. Beautiful blonde archaeologist, Dr. Alexandra Johnson, arrives and shows fascinations in the excavation knowing that they have discovered a cave that belonged to the ancient sorcerer Nakano. That night, a security guard investigates a noise coming from a tunnel and is killed by Kane who emerges with his lackeys. He sends the first lackey to find the Highlander Conner and kill him. As the first lackey leaves, Kane immediately decapitates the second lackey and receives his quickening. Meanwhile, Conner is enjoying a vacation in Marrakesh with his adopted plot device son, when he realizes a sensation of the quickening. Realizing that his son is in mortal danger (immortal danger I guess now), Conner leaves his son in the care of his friend before returning to his home in New York City. On his way to his home, he is attacked and shot by several muggers and left for dead in the snow. He is quickly brought to the hospital but comes alive and inadvertently attacks the paramedics, leading to him being brought to the mental institution. Conner awakens tied to a bed alongside a crazy mental patient who believes that he is Napoleon Bonaparte and has a newspaper hat to go with him. Conner uses this patient's delusions to convince him to set him free and start a commotion which arrests the attention of the security guards. Conner then makes his way to the laundry room and is attacked by Kane's first lackey. In a swift but fierce battle, Conner decapitates the lackey with his own sword and receives his quickening. He escapes the mental institution and the lackey's body is discovered by the police as well as Detective John Stenn, who is obsessed with bringing down Conner who he believes is the perpetrator of the act. At the dig site in Japan, Alex finds the dead body of Kane's first lackey in the tunnels and recognizes his armor as authentic 1500 Japanese armor, quickly taking a sample. She does further research and deduces that the sample is "definitely not a fake." Meanwhile, Kane arrives in New York, and begins catching up on lost time by stealing a person's sunglasses, visiting a grungy bar, and then a brothel where he has rough sex with a saucy prostitute until he inadvertently kills her. Upon returning home, Conner is held up by Stenn, who warns him that he will bring him down, calling him by his alias, Russel Nash. "I'll nail ya Nash!" he says, to which Conner is disgusted by. Conner looks through his apartment where he turns on the news to a News interview of Alex, to which he realizes that she is bewitchingly similar in physical appearance to an old love he once had in the 1700's named Rebecca. In an admittedly clever scene, Stenn visits the autopsy room where the coroner is unable to determine the second lackey's identity due to him being previously immortal and having no life in the present day for centuries. Finding nothing against Conner, Stenn leaves in an angry huff. Meanwhile, Alex deduces that an iron she found in the excavation belongs to Conner MacLeod, and upon further research, finds out the "Russel Nash" is a possible "link to Nakano." Upon receiving his address, she decides to head to New York where he lives to ask him some questions. Unbeknownst to her, Kane has arrived and has overheard. He appears and playfully harasses her before transforming into a hawk and flying off to find Conner as well as soon as the faxed address to Conner's home is revealed. Alex arrives in New York and tails Conner to a Buddhist shrine where he has been practicing Martial Arts. Stenn follows close behind. While there, Conner has a flashback of his love with Rebecca in France, and how they made passionate love in the barn before the French Revolution broke out. Conner was rounded up during the madness and was sent to prison to be executed by the guillotine, but in "A Tale of Two Cities" fashion, another immortal swaps places with him. Later, Conner returns to Rebecca's home only to discover that she had married another man upon belief that Conner had been killed. With his heart broken, Conner left. After the flashback has subsided, Conner then runs into Alex and discovers that she has been following him, immediately suspecting that she is trying to discover his link to MacLeod. Just then they are attacked by Kane. Conner and Kane begin a sword duel to which Conner is defeated and his swords is cleaved in half by Kane. However, before Kane can go in for the kill, he realizes that they have been fighting on holy ground. Kane transforms into a hawk and flies off. Conner, gathering himself up and finding that his sword is broken, orders Alex to leave him alone and leaves in a huff. Stenn runs into Alex, hoping to arrest Conner. He then brings her to a bar and tells her of Conner's last wife Brenda who was killed in a car crash which Conner survived. (Which makes little to no sense considering that Conner was made mortal after defeating the Kurgan, but, oh well) Conner journeys back to Scotland in hopes of reforging his sword. To his delight, he finds his ancient tools and anvil, and tries futilely to fix his weapon. Finally lost hope, he ponders his life while Alex researches and finds that Nakano's magic metal bar of refined steel. She journeys to Scotland and gives him the medal which he graciously accepts and through a training montage set to Lorene McKennit's "Bonny Portmore." Having reforged his sword, Conner and Alex celebrate by going back to his apartment where he gets naked and takes off Alex's lingerie, sucking her nipple, fingering her, thrusting into her and having sex with her until she mounts him and climaxes vigorously. The next day while at a pub, Conner receives a call from his friend telling him that he sent MacLeod's now-forgotten by both Conner and every viewer of the film to the airport. Conner races to the airport and tries to reclaim his son, but Kane beats him there, and making himself look like Conner, takes Conner's son and kidnaps him. Stenn arrives at the airport and arrests Conner but cannot get any evidence against him, and with Conner being unresponsive, has to let him go. "I'll nail ya Nash!" he reminds Conner, to which Conner laughs and says, "I've heard that before." Conner, knowing he may die in the ensuing battle, gives Alex the ring he gave to Rebecca centuries ago, to which she emotionally accepts. Conner tracks down Kane at an abandoned cathedral where Kane reveals that Conner will only receive his characterless son after Conner has defeated him. He then tries to break down Conner via a speech of how the prize was never Conner's to begin with. But Conner is unswayed. Kane then flees to an abandoned nuclear power plant where Kane tries to distract Conner by posing as a terribly dubbed Alex. However, Conner is not fooled and stabs Kane to which Kane just uses the word and attacks Conner. In a badly edited battle with Motley Crew's instrumental cover of "Dr. Feelgood" blaring in the background, Conner reclaims his sword and cuts Kane in halves, only for Kane to put himself back together and keep fighting. Conner manages to cuts Kane's back legs, distracting Kane into regenerating himself. Kane turns and tells Conner, "I'll see you in hell!" To which the Highlander smiles and says curtly, "I'll be the judge of that." Kane attacks him once more but Conner decapitates Kane three times so that Kane cannot regenerate himself. As Kane's head rolls across the ground, Conner states defiantly, "There can be only one!" Then, Kane's quickening floods the factory and imbues its flaming power into Conner MacLeod, who is swept into the air and filled with the definite final quickening. He collapses to the ground and is greeted by his now restored son. Conner returns to the grave of his first wife, Heather, and leaves a candle there by his planted sword in remembrance. Conner then happily states that all immortals are definitely done in for, and that his conflict is "finally over." As he drives off into the peaceful countryside with his son and Alex, the screen focuses upon his planted sword. Ambiguously, lightning strikes his sword in a reference of the quickening, implying that his conflict is NOT over and that there are indeed more immortals to be reckoned with.
tt0109676
Action,Adventure,Thriller
Aboard a commercial airliner, U.S. Marshal Pete Nessip (Wesley Snipes) and his brother Terry (Malcolm Jamal-Warner), a fellow marshal, are escorting prison inmate Earl Leedy (Michael Jeter), who is a computer wizard, to a high-security prison. When an apparent terrorist hijack attempt blows a hole in the airplane, Terry is sucked out to his death, and the terrorists parachute out of the same hole, taking Leedy with them. A devastated Pete is blamed for overreacting to the incident, and he is forced to turn in his badge. Pete believes that the assault may have been an elaborate prison break meant to free Leedy. But the force refuses to listen saying that the chances of sneaking a parachute through airport security and parachuting at 30,000 are impossible. Renegade skydiver and former DEA agent Ty Moncrief (Gary Busey) is the mastermind behind the attack, which culminated in the first-ever parachute jump from a commercial jet at 30,000 feet. Ty plans to use Leedy to hack into the DEA mainframe computer in Washington DC so Ty can auction off the names of undercover agents to drug cartels worldwide. Ty has scheduled this to be accomplished during an Independence Day parachute exhibition and fireworks display, which is the one day every year when security is loosened around the airspace above Washington DC. Because skydiving played a part in the airplane hijacking, Pete finds his way to Jessie Crossman (Yancy Butler), a world-class skydiver and ex-con, whose ex-husband Jagger, unknown to all, is part of Ty's crew. Jessie agrees to train Pete how to skydive, if he will sponsor her team for the parachute exhibition. When Jessie's parachuting friend Selkirk (Corin Nemec) is severely injured after using a faulty parachute that Ty had intended for Jessie to use, Pete is appointed to take Selkirk's place. When Jagger is found dead, tangled in some high-voltage power lines, it is obvious that his death was a murder engineered by Ty, and with Pete's help, Jessie now is seeking revenge on Ty, when Pete discovers Ty's plan to hack into the DEA mainframe the rest of the paracuting team agrees to help with the situation . On the night of the Independence Day exhibition, she sneaks into Ty's parachuting plane, holding them at gunpoint in order to determine an explanation for Jagger's death. but Ty's men kick her outside and then parachute out, Jessie now managing to grab hold of the plane door bar lets go on a free fall just as Pete and the parachuting team arrive and rescues her, floating down safety to the roof of the DEA mainframe office where TY has already arrived. Pete tries to find access to the DEA mainframe control room, eliminating Ty's men one by one. He breaks in and holds Leedy who has already starting the downloads, as hostage. But Ty appears who has kidnapped Jessie threatening to kill her unless Pete releases Leedy. A fight breaks out between Pete and Ty until both of them go falling out the office window. Luckily, Pete opens his emergency parachute as Ty tumbles to his death. Pete lands safely on the ground and is escorted away by paramedics, but spots Leedy wearing a DEA jacket leaving the scene, until one of the team members, Swoop, leaps from the building parachuting down onto Leedy. Pete tells Jessie that in a few years he will try jumping again.
tt0118744
Drama,Thriller
Helen and Jackson live together in New York City. At the beginning of the film, the two are driving towards the Kentucky farmhouse, Kilronan, where Jackson grew up, primarily to introduce Helen to Jackson's mother, Martha (Lange). After returning to New York, Helen discovers she is pregnant. When she informs Jackson of this, he asks her to marry him and she accepts. The wedding is held at Kilronan, where Helen meets Jackson's paternal grandmother, Alice, who tells Helen she doesn't trust Martha. After returning to New York apartment, Helen is assaulted by a man who steals her locket. When Helen says she's pregnant, he cuts her abdomen and leaves. The fetus was not injured. Martha arrives and says she wants to sell Kilronan because she cannot run it alone. Helen tells Jackson she wants to move to Kentucky and in with Martha for a year and help renovate the land. Jackson tells Helen his father died in that house when he was seven and he blames himself because he ran into his father pushing him down the stairs. Jackson also tells Helen that his father had been cheating on Martha with Robin Hayes. Helen says they should go back so Jackson can face his "old ghosts". The couple move in with Martha who attempts to divide the couple. Suspicious, Helen talks to Alice who tells her that Jackson is wrong about his father's death. The father landed on a nail puller at the bottom of the stairs, crushing his sternum, which, according to news reports was a freak accident. Helen tells Jackson that Martha is tearing their marriage apart. He agrees to go back to New York and tells his mother. That evening, Martha bakes a cake for Helen laced with pitocin, a labor inducer. Helen wakes up the next morning, feeling strange. She discovers a baby room set up by Martha and finds the locket that was stolen from her in New York. When Martha unexpectedly enters the room, Helen tries unsuccessfully to escape. Reluctantly, with Martha's assistance, Helen gives birth. Martha leaves the room to answer a phone call from Jackson. She tells him that everything is okay, but when Helen screams in pain, Martha hangs up. Helen begs Martha to hand her the baby, but Martha ignores her, telling the baby she is his mother. Martha tries to inject morphine in Helen's arm, but Helen knocks the syringe away. When Martha retrieves it, she hears Jackson's footsteps. In a scramble, she quickly cleans up, meeting Jackson at the door. She tells him to leave Helen alone, as he has no idea what she's been through. The two leave Helen asleep, with Martha giving the baby to Jackson. That night, Martha enters Helen's bedroom with the syringe. She finds Jackson in a chair next to the bed. Despite his mother's insistence that he return to bed, he stays. The next morning, Helen awakens to see Jackson. She tells Jackson to ask Martha to make breakfast. At breakfast, Helen enters the house with an object in her bag. Helen says that it is the object that killed Jackson's father. She slowly proceeds to tell Jackson the whole truth about his father's murder. She reveals that Robin Hayes, the "woman" Jackson believed his father had cheated on his mother with, was actually a male horse wrangler, with whom Martha had an affair. Helen also shows Jackson a bruise resulting from when his mother tried to murder her so she can have him and their son to herself. Jackson's father was planning to leave Martha when he discovered the affair but Martha ended up killing him. Martha made Jackson think he did so she can bind him to her for the rest of his life. Jackson tells Martha that he never wants to see her again. Martha claims that Helen is only doing this because she is jealous of her. In utter disgust, Helen slaps Martha to the ground. Helen and Jackson then leave with their baby while Martha sobs on the floor. In the final scene, the couple visit Alice before they leave for good, presenting her with her great-grandson.
tt0157472
Action,Adventure,Comedy
The NSA-funded QT (Quantum Tech) Corporation has slated a project to develop Hypertime, a technology which allows the user's molecules to speed up to the point where the world appears to be standing still. After realizing that such technology, contained within a wristwatch frame, could also be used against the USA, the NSA orders the project stopped. However, the research is farther along than the NSA expected and Henry Gates, the head of QT, plans on using the technology to usurp the leader of the NSA and dominate the world. He uses the prototype to stretch the weekend in order to give the brilliant lead scientist, Earl Dopler, time to fix the remaining glitch in the technology after his henchmen Richard and Jay prevent Earl's incognito departure at the airport. However, the disadvantage of Earl being in Hypertime for too long was him aging rapidly in real time, as his molecular age continued at the same rate despite time slowing down. However, initially unknown to Gates, the lead scientist had sent a prototype to a former colleague of his named Dr. Gibbs. His son Zak discovers the watch accidentally and initially uses it for his own purpose, much to Francesca's amusement. Once Gates finds out about the leaked prototype, he attempts to retrieve it. He sends his henchmen after Zak, who break into his house and search for evidence. Upon learning about the ulterior motive of QT Corporation, Zak sets out to warn his father of the danger he could be in. A chase sequence ensues, with Zak crashing the car into the river and thus damaging the watch. He awakes in hospital with a broken watch, and only by a stroke of luck manages to avoid Jay and Richard again. He then goes in search of somewhere safe to hide in the meantime. In a bid to retrive the watch, QT Corporation enlists the help of national security agencies and portray Zak and his father as fugitives wanted by the law. Zak goes on the run with his girlfriend, locating the hotel that Dr. Gibbs was staying at in a bid to warn him. However, QT Corporation reaches Zak's father before him and takes him away. Unable to reach his father, Zak and Francesca wander the streets aimlessly before being forcibly picked up by Earl Dopler, who has escaped from QT Corporation and wants the watch back. The teens take Dopler hostage and force him to do as they request. As Dopler feels that Dr. Gibbs has been kind to him, he agrees reluctantly to helping save Dr. Gibbs. Dopler helps mend the broken watch as well as creating guns which can take someone out of Hypertime and back into normal time. The guns are loaded with paintballs filled with frozen nitrogen, and the low temperature 'freezes' a hit person back into normal time. Dopler helps the kids break in but decides not to go as well. They get caught by Henry Gates, Richard, and Jay and are thrown in a cell with Zak's dad. Zak accelerates while in Hypertime and becomes "light" (Einstein's theory is seemingly correct, anything faster than "light", becomes "light"). They then manage to break out as the NSA Agents arrives and defeat Gates' goons. Gates is not defeated and knocks Francesca out of hypertime and prepares to do the same to Zak and his dad. Suddenly he's shot with a paintball by Dopler who returned to help and Dopler shoots Gates until he reverts to normal time, defeating him. Gates and his henchmen are arrested, and the watches are confiscated. Following the arrest of Gates, Dopler uses the machine he was building to reverse the aging effects of hypertime that happened to him, but it inadvertently changes him back into a teenager. The movie ends with Zak and his family happily together, and with Zak finally getting the car he wanted. As Zak speeds off in his car with his girlfriend, sister and Dopler, it is revealed that he has not returned the watch after all, as he goes into Hypertime to evade a chasing police car.
tt0116571
Comedy,Family
The film opens with Grover Beindorf introducing himself: he is a kid who lives with his sister Stacey and his parents Ned and Janet in the suburbs of Ohio. Then follows a montage of videos taken over the Beindorfs 18-year-long marriage... which is an anniversary gift from Grover and Stacy. Unfortunately, Ned and Janet drop a bombshell on their children: they are considering a separation. A depressed Grover confides in his best friend Matt Finley, whose father Vic never keeps a wife for more than two years, who says if it was to him hed lock them in a closet until they sorted things out. This gives Grover an idea... That night, Grover and Stacy dress up the basement in a Hawaiian décor, inspired by their parents honeymoon in that country, and invite their parents down there for dinner in an attempt for reconciliation. Unfortunately, all Ned and Janet do are squabble with each other, so the kids leave them in the basement... and lock them in. They inform their flabbergasted parents that they will not let them out until they resolve their issues and go back to loving each other. The next morning, Grover informs Matt what hes done; however, the school bully TJ Krupp overhears them, and goes over to the Beindorf home to see for himself. He is impressed with Grovers feat, and decides to get involved: when Ned and Janet try to break out through the basement door, he installs a new, more secure one. Later, he throws into the basement his own parents, brash bullying Donald Krupp and his doormat wife Gwenna, so that THEY can level things between them. Matt too wants his father to keep his current wife Louise and locks them up too till they can manage to stay together. Later, Grover encounters Brooke Figler, a popular girl on whom hes had a long-term crush. She unexpectedly confides in him that her mother, single parent Cindy, is a source of embarrassment: Cindy behaves like a child, maintaining the position of a teenager and peer to Brooke and committing acts like dancing to the latest trendy music and going out with Brookes own friends. Grover invites Brooke to send Cindy into his basement, which she does and which finally secures Grover the girl of his dreams. The kids take over the house, while the adults in the basement rant and protest and make repeated attempts to escape. However, Grover eventually gets them all in line and reminds them why they imprisoned their parents; they actively start counseling the parents, trying to get them to improve their attitudes. Over the course of time, the parents begin to repair things: Vic learns that Louise thinks she cant be accepted by his children, but when Donald attacks Matt she saves him and he thanks her by calling her mom, putting her at rest; Gwenna manages to assert herself as Donalds equal partner; and Cindy, with help from Gwenna, manages to mentally grow up and be more adult-like. However, an ex-policeman neighbor starts to snoop around the Beindorfs home, suspicious of their prolonged absence and the antics of the children present. Also, Grover receives a shock when a man claiming to be Janets lawyer appears with divorce papers. This leads to Ned breaking off speaking with Janet, and an angry Grover leaves the house. He later returns, and states the house arrest was a failure; Brooke and the others tell him even if they couldnt have their parents to count on, theyll always have each other. The ex-cop neighbour arranges a police assault on the house, and all the parents are freed. Donald attempts to sue and imprison Grover, but the children and Gwenna force him to back down. The film ends with an epilogue from Grover: Donald and Gwenna separate, but remain friends and open a law firm together; Vic and Louise stayed together and are expecting a child; Cindy began actively dating men her own age; and Brooke officially became Grovers girlfriend. As for Ned and Janet, they reconciled and went on a long-overdue second honeymoon to Hawaii. They also made their children swear never to lock them in the basement again. Grover and Stacy complied if anything went wrong again, they had the attic...
tt0116514
Horror,Sci-Fi
The film begins at Space Station Minos in the year 2127. Paul Merchant, the man who built the station, has a robot solve the Lament Configuration (the robot is subsequently destroyed). However, several guards led by Rimmer capture Paul. Paul tells Rimmer the story of his bloodline. A flashback is shown to around 400 years ago. Philip Lemarchand, a French toymaker, makes the Lament Configuration for a wealthy aristrocrat named Duc de L'Isle, who is obsessed with dark magic. He and his apprentice, Jacques, kill a woman and remove her skin. L'Isle uses dark magic with the Lament Configuration to summon a demon princess named Angelique to inhabit the woman's skin. She is theirs to command unless they stand in Hell's way. However, Angelique and Jacques betray and kill de L'Isle. Lemarchand, in the process of inventing a design (the Elysium Configuration) to destroy the demons, attempts to steal back the box but is discovered. Jacques callously informs the toymaker that he and his bloodline are cursed until the end of time because of the box he created, before ordering Angelique to kill him. However, his wife survives. Around 200 years later, John Merchant has built the building from the last scene of Hellraiser III. Upon realizing that the Merchant bloodline has survived, Angelique turns on Jacques and mutilates him, killing him for "standing in Hell's way" and attempts to seduce John. She finds the Lament Configuration in a cement pillar in the basement and makes a man solve it, and he is killed by Pinhead. Pinhead wants to make John use the Elysium Configuration to keep the gateway to Hell open so he can come and go as he pleases. After turning two twin security guards into a two-headed Cenobite, Pinhead tells Angelique that the best way to make John go along with their plans is to threaten his child, Jack. He gets John to use the Elysium Configuration, but it does not work, so Pinhead kills John. John's wife, Bobbi, sends Pinhead, Angelique, and a beastly demon called Chatter Beast back to Hell. Returning to the present, in 2127, Rimmer has Paul locked up. However, he has already summoned the demons: Pinhead, Angelique (now a Cenobite), the Twin Cenobite, and Chatter Beast. One by one, the guards are picked off by Cenobites. Parker is killed by Pinhead, Carducci by Angelique, Chamberlain by Chatter Beast, and Edwards by Twin Cenobite. Rimmer releases Paul, who has a plan to destroy the Cenobites (and built Minos for that specific reason). Rimmer escapes to a space shuttle, and kills Chatter Beast by raising the pressure in a hallway. Paul distracts Pinhead with a hologram while he gets on the shuttle with Rimmer, and activates the Elysium Configuration. A series of powerful lasers and mirrors create a field of perpetual light, while the station transforms and folds around the light to create a massive box. The light is trapped within the box, which then self destructs, destroying the Cenobites and severing the connection between Hell and Earth forever.
tt0119891
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
Jennifer Pailey (Joanna Going) is bringing her younger sister, Lisa Pailey (Rose McGowan), home with her for a visit, to the little town of Snowfield, Colorado, where she is the M.D. She's been concerned for her sister's welfare, living in Los Angeles with their alcoholic mother, getting involved with shady characters. Snowfield, a former mining town turned tourist destination, offers fresh air, quiet, fewer hoodlums to associate with, and hopefully, an opportunity for Lisa to sort out what she wants to do with her life. The town is very quiet indeed on this late fall afternoon. It's the off-season for tourists, but they also see none of the 400 year-round residents. They drive up to Jenny's residence/office, hoping that Hilda, Jenny's housekeeper (Judith Drake), has made good on her promise of apple pie for dinner. Instead, they find her dead in the kitchen, a terrible look of fear on her face, every inch of visible skin bruised and blackened. The phone is also dead...and creaking noises upstairs suggest an intruder may still be present, so they decide to go quickly to the deputy sheriff's office. Oddly, Jenny's Jeep won't start. Neither, it seems, will any other vehicle in town. Nightfall is coming on, so they hurry to the deputy's office on foot. Deputy Henderson (Larry Odien) is also dead, the condition of his body like Hilda's. But there is a further mystery here... he had drawn his gun and fired multiple rounds. As a professional law enforcement officer, presumeably he would hit what he was shooting at...yet there is no sign of another body or a blood trail. Jenny gets a shotgun from the deputy's gun rack, loads it (with help from Lisa) and they head for the bakery. If they're likely to find anyone, Jenny tells Lisa, it will be there: the owners, Jacob and Anna, also live in the rooms above the bakery and they're always there. The front door is locked. They hear sounds and see shadows that indicate they are being followed. They run down the alley and go in through the back door. They are greeted by the grisly sight of two severed hands lying on a workbench, still grasping a rolling pin. The timer on the oven starts to buzz loudly... Jenny opens it warily: there are only some cake layers baking. They are momentarily relieved--until Jacob's and Anna's severed heads fall down onto the cakes! Huddled together, they make their way toward the front of the bakery. Night has fallen and it's very dark. The phone rings... Jenny answers, but there is no human voice on the line, just an eerie, muttering whisper. They turn to leave again...only to be blocked by three men holding flashlights and guns. Deputy Henderson had been on the phone with headquarters when the line went dead. Sheriff Bryce Hammond (Ben Affleck) and two deputies, Steve Shanning (Nicky Katt) and Stu Wargle (Liev Shreiber) have come to investigate. They decide to return to the deputy's office, but as they step outside the bakery, every horn, siren, whistle and bell in Snowfield suddenly goes off... the deafening noise goes on for a full minute. Then, just as suddenly as it began it all stops, and the only lights left on are at the Candleglow Inn up the street. It seems they're expected there next. A glance at the guest book in the lobby shows there are only four guests. Faint music starts to play upstairs: Patsy Cline, singing I Fall To Pieces. Sheriff Bryce and Deputy Stu go up to check the rooms... the women follow at a little distance with Deputy Steve. Sheriff Bryce enters one room and finds it empty... he opens a closet door, and is confronted with a vision (flashback?) of a young boy (Luke Eberl) aiming a gun at him. It disappears almost immediately, but Bryce is very shaken by it. Deputy Stu enters another room and finds the body of a young woman lying on the bed. She has the bruised look of the housekeeper and deputy, but she is also attractive and shapely. Stu sits on the bed next to her. "You wanna tell me what happened here?" he murmurs, and then snickers oddly. He puts a hand on her leg, on the bare skin below the hem of her skirt. At that moment, Sheriff Bryce walks in. "What are you doing, Stu?" he asks. Stu jumps up, startled, embarrassed, at a loss to explain. "Looking for clues?" the sheriff suggests, sarcastically. Stu says yes... but both men know what was going on. Bryce decides to let it go: "Watch the hall, Stu", he says, and leaves. When he's out of sight, Stu laughs again, his strange, wheezing snicker, and with a last glance back at the dead girl, follows Bryce into the hall. "Hey," he says to Lisa, leering down at her, "you wanna see somethin'?" She looks at him with disgust, and says "No," emphatically. Bryce has found the room where the music was playing, on the bedside radio. He switches it off and asks Jenny to come in. He shows her the bathroom: it was locked from inside, he'd had to break in... but no one is there now, and there are no other doors or windows. Someone has written on the mirror in lipstick, "Dr. Timothy Flyte - The Ancient Enemy". He asks Jenny if she's ever heard of Timothy Flyte; she tells him no, he's not a local. From another empty room, they all hear a sound like metal chains being dropped. They enter cautiously and find a large pile of metallic objects lying on top of the bed: jewelry, buttons, watches, gold teeth... and more. "Whoever it is, he strips them to the skin," says Deputy Steve. "Beyond the skin," says Dr. Jenny, in an odd tone. As they all look at her, she picks a flat metallic disk out of the pile. "It's a pacemaker," she tells them. They go back to the lobby to regroup and discuss. They hear the music start upstairs: Patsy Cline again. A woman suddenly screams outside, "Help--Help me!" Deputy Steve shouts, "Cover me, Bryce!" and runs out with his gun drawn. Bryce calls for him to wait, and follows, but it's too late: they hear him scream, and when they get outside all that's left are his empty shoes and his gun spinning on the pavement. They go back to Deputy Henderson's office. They zip Deputy Henderson into a body bag, and take him down to the basement. Bryce tries to radio for help. He tells the deputy on the other end of the transmission about Dr. Timothy Flyte, and asks them to send help from the local military installation, but the transmission is garbled and broken, and finally collapses. They are not sure how much--or if any--of it was heard. Bryce and Stu load as many weapons and lay out as much ammunition as possible, preparing for a siege. The lights go out, they all hear something at the window, and see a huge, almost man-sized moth hovering there. The two men fire at it again and again, until it goes away. After a moment, Stu walks over to look out the ruined window. The creature flies in again, grabs him by the face, slams him against the opposite wall, and flings him down. It flies around the room a few moments longer, threatening to grab each of the remaining three humans in turn, while Bryce shoots at it over and over without effect. At last, it flies out the window. Deputy Wargle is dead... his face and his brain, incredibly, were completely consumed in the few moments the creature had hold of him. They zip him into a body bag of his own, and take him to the basement to keep company with Henderson. Bryce nails a sheet of plywood over the broken window. They settle down to wait for morning...wondering if they'll be allowed to do that. At the editorial offices of Wide World News in New York City, Dr. Timothy Flyte (Peter OToole) is working late. Formerly a distinguished member of the faculty at Oxford University, he has been reduced to writing articles for this sleazy tabloid because the subject of his research was considered fanciful and ridiculous. He is approached by two men (Robert Knepper, Bo Hopkins) from the FBI. They "ask" him to go with them as a matter of national security. In Snowfield, while Lisa is trying to nap in a jail cell, Dr. Jenny and Sheriff Bryce are in the next room talking. It turns out he is a former FBI agent, too, who came to be sheriff in this rural county because of an incident that occurred in a raid on a drug house during his former career. He'd opened a closet door to find a gun pointed at him, had fired on the suspect and killed him, only to find out the suspect was just a child, and the gun was just a toy. He'd been cleared of any blame, but had been unable to overcome his guilt. He still carries a newspaper clipping of the event. The boy's picture is in the article. We see he is the phantom Bryce glimpsed earlier in the closet at the hotel. Lisa interrupts their conversation to ask for an escort to the restroom. Bryce checks inside, finds it clear, and leaves her there alone. She is standing at one of the sinks, getting a cigarette out of her bag, when an odd squealing sound wafts up out of the drain. She almost convinces herself that it's nothing, until a toilet in one of the three empty stalls behind her flushes. She cautiously goes to inspect them, finds nothing--and as she is closing the last door finds Deputy Stu behind it, leering at her. "You wanna see somethin'?" he asks. She runs out screaming. Bryce goes in with gun drawn to investigate, and finds nothing. They check the body bags in the basement: they're both empty. They begin to speculate: could it be moving through the town through the sewers and drains? Dr. Flyte is en route to Snowfield with General Leland Copperfield (Clayton Powell), as part of a large, specialized response team: scientists and military personnel, a couple of large, sophisticated mobile labs, and an armored strike vehicle...prepared to deal with whatever threat they may find. General Copperfield asks Dr. Flyte to tell him about his theory of the Ancient Enemy. Dr. Flyte explains that throughout history there have been incidents of unexplained mass disappearances. He cites the abandoned Mayan cities of Copan, Piedras Negras and Palenque; the "Lost Colony" at Roanoke; the army that vanished outside Nanking, China in 1939. He postulates that an undiscovered entity that exists deep in the earth may be responsible for these incidents...and if not stopped, it could eventually cause the extinction of the human race. They arrive in Snowfield, and Bryce, Jenny and Lisa come out to meet them. "The first thing we need to know," says General Copperfield, "is what kind of threat we're dealing with... chemical, biological, or other." "At the moment," replies Bryce, ruefully, "I'm kind of leaning toward 'other'." The team spreads out and the scientists begin gathering data. They encounter many weird and frightening sights... including another pile of metallic objects in the church, in front of the altar. "Like an offering," says one of the scientists. Dr. Flyte corrects him: "Undigested remains," he says. Over the next few minutes, in a stunning series of horrific events, the whole contingent is wiped out, leaving only Dr. Flyte, Sheriff Bryce, Jenny and Lisa. General Copperfield is last to be killed: a pair of oily black tentacles seeps up through the pavement, penetrates his hazmat suit, and an oily black liquid fills the suit and smothers him. Dead, but still standing, he leans over and smacks the faceplate of his helmet against the pavement, shattering it. He straightens up again, slowly removes a large curved piece of the glass from his mouth, regurgitates into it and puts it on the pavement in front of Dr. Flyte. The eerie voice that was heard on the phone now speaks clearly from his mouth. "My Flesh," It says, and as It does so, the liquid in the glass resolves itself into a small, spotted gecko. "Study it. Write the gospel. But do not try to leave. Witnesses to the Miracle." Message delivered, the general's body topples over, and the oily black substance oozes out of the suit, leaving it collapsed and empty on the pavement. They take shelter in one of the mobile labs. Dr. Flyte begins to analyze the tissue sample. Theorizing, they come to the conclusion that this Entity has lived in the depths of the earth for eons, growing to immense size, and absorbing knowledge from its prey. It can separate off parts of Itself to send as drones, warriors, phantoms... having them assume the shapes of anything or anyone It has absorbed, even of people or monsters from their memories and dreams. With these, It has manipulated Bryce, Jenny and Lisa into bringing Dr. Flyte here... to be Its prophet... to write Its gospel. For It has come to think of Itself as God--or Devil, perhaps because this is what some of Its terrified victims may have thought in their final extremity: Omnipotent... Immortal... Indestructible. Dr. Flyte's analysis reveals that It is closely akin to oil in Its chemical composition. He tells the others that there is a manmade bacterium among the samples in the lab that was developed to break up and disperse oil spills. IF...they can culture enough of it, and IF...they can figure out a way to deliver it, and IF...they can draw the whole mass of It to them long enough to infect It... they MIGHT be able to destroy It. Bryce asks Dr. Flyte if he's sure this will work, and Dr. Flyte says yes...then adds, "Unless there's a nucleus, a small inner mass, that can tear itself away from the core and survive on its own." "You know," says Bryce, wearily, "I really just wanted you to say yes, there." The bacterium is cultured, and loaded into glass vials to be launched by compressed air guns of the type used to shoot tranquilizers into large animals. Dr. Flyte steps outside, walks up to an open manhole and calls to It. He says that he must see It--all of It--in order to be able to write of It. It remains silent, hidden. He says that he knows It has been wondering what they're up to in the mobile lab. He tells It that the others have been preparing a weapon to destroy It. "Even after all they've witnessed tonight," he says, "they still don't believe you're a god. They think you're just a thing, an animal." He waits...still It doesn't appear. His voice turns warm and inviting, as he continues: "What they don't know is that death is for mortals, not for gods. Show yourself... gods have nothing to fear." He waits a few moments longer. Then with just the right taunting note in his voice, he adds, "or DO they???" It appears first as a single person, standing silently on the other side of the manhole, opposite Dr. Flyte... an instant later all 400 residents of the town are standing there before him. Then all the people begin to merge and meld into one swirling mass, which resolves Itself into an immense, hideous, writhing millipede, standing upright. Bryce, Jenny and Lisa run out of the mobile lab, and fire their weapons into the It... "INFECTED!!!" shouts Dr. Flyte, triumphantly. It screams, and begins to flail around violently. Jenny and Lisa run for shelter into the nearby deputy's office, and there, reload their guns. They are pursued by a drone of Deputy Stu. They empty their shotguns into him, knocking him down, blowing away great chunks of his legs and arms. They pause, finally...he is still for a moment, as if dead... then he begins to sing: "I Fall To Pieces". Tentacles shoot out of his arm- and leg-stumps, which he uses to drag himself toward them. They flee up into the ceiling, and he follows...but he is ill, infected by the bacteria, and this makes him more angry and dangerous. "What did you do to me?!?" he bellows at the women. Jenny blows his head off with a shotgun. Incredibly, a hand shoots out of the neck stump and reaches for Lisa. Jenny fires her last vial of the bacteria into the neck stump, and at last he stops...the Deputy Stu drone rapidly dissolves into a revolting liquid. The greater mass of the Entity is also breaking up, like a drop of oil in soapy water. Bryce follows the last of It down into the sewer. He turns a corner, and finds himself face to face with the boy he shot and killed during the drug raid. He hesitates...a tentacle shoots out of the boy's mouth, and knocks him literally for a loop. The air gun is knocked in one direction, and the extra bacteria viles are scattered on the ground in another. Before Bryce can get to them, the boy scoops them up. He balances them in his hand, with an insinuating smile. Bryce draws his handgun. "Always this urge to shoot little boys," says the drone, mockingly. "No," says Bryce, "this time I'm going to miss." He shoots the vials in the drone's hand... they explode, spraying liquid all over him. There is a moment of quiet, then the drone begins to tremble, and then to shake violently... It cannot hold Its shape any longer, It shrieks and groans as It devolves...with one final ear-shattering scream It is gone, and Bryce makes his way back to the others. As a helicopter arrives to rescue them, Dr. Flyte announces to the others that the Entity has won after all: It wanted him to tell the world, and that's just what he's going to do. The scene shifts to a quiet bar, where an old cowboy (Lonnie Chapman, uncredited) and a young cowgirl (Yvette Nipar) are watching Dr. Flyte on the bar's TV. He's wrapping up the narrative of a documentary about the Entity, saying that a watch must be kept for It...for if It wasn't completely destroyed, one day It may destroy mankind. "Do you believe that crap?" asks the old cowboy. "I dunno," says the cowgirl, "stranger things have happened. Patty said that Glen was abducted by aliens." The cowboy scoffs: "Glen wasn't abducted by aliens, he run off to Los Angeles... and if you was married to Patty, you'd run off too." A strange, wheezing snicker is heard at the other end of the bar. The other two look in that direction, and the girl asks, "Does that sound funny to you... officer?" Stu Wargle stifles his laughter, and swallows one of the peanuts he's been eating with his beer. "No, ma'am," he says, with mock sincerity... and then he adds slyly, "Hey... you wanna see somethin'?"
tt0462229
Action,Comedy,Crime
Jake wakes up in a hotel room beside a dead FBI agent and a suitcase full of money. He does not remember anything, indicating that he is suffering from amnesia. As he runs from the hotel he is met by Diane, who tells Jake that she is his wife. Diane takes Jake to a big mansion and calls the doctor to check him. Diane and the doctor discuss how to bring back Jake's memory and the doctor suggests a sexual scenario. Jake overhears Diane and the doctor's conversation and runs away from the mansion in a Benz with the money. Jake goes back to the hotel in disguise and gets an envelope at the reception office which has a D.A.R.T card in it. During this course of the plot he keeps getting flash episodes of him dressed as a special ops guy and fighting bad guys. He is convinced that he is a spy and forgot about it. He now sits at a diner in front of D.A.R.T and meets Gina here. She tells him that Jake works as a janitor at D.A.R.T, which he does not believe.
tt0112302
Adventure,Comedy,Drama
The film opens with Injun Joe (Eric Schweig) accepting a job from Doctor Robinson (William Newman). Then Tom Sawyer (Jonathan Taylor Thomas) is running away from home. He and his friends ride down the Mississippi River on a raft, but hit a sharp rock, which throws Tom into the water. His friends find him washed up on the shore, and Tom finds it was Huck Finn (Brad Renfro) who pulled him to safety. Huck learns of an unusual way to remove warts - by taking a dead cat to the graveyard at night. There they witness Doctor Robinson being murdered by Injun Joe. The town drunk, Muff Potter (Michael McShane) is framed for the murder; unfortunately, Tom and Huck had signed an oath saying that if either of them came forward about it, they would drop dead and rot. The duo then goes on a search for Injun Joe's treasure map (which he found in Vic Murrell's coffin), so they can declare Muff Potter innocent and still keep their oath. The only problem is, the map is in Injun Joe's pocket. After Joe finds the first treasure, he burns the map and discovers that Tom was a witness to the murder. He warns Tom that if he ever told anybody what he knew, Injun Joe will kill him. However, at the time, the entire town thought he was dead, and the friendship between Tom and Huck starts to decline, due to the fact their evidence (the map) to prove Muff innocent while preserving their oath is destroyed. At the trial of Muff Potter, Tom decides that his friendship with Muff is more important than his oath with Huck and tells the truth to the court, which finds Muff innocent of all charges and goes after Injun Joe. As a result, Injun Joe decides to hold up his end of the bargain by killing Tom. Huck becomes angry with Tom for breaking their oath and leaves town. During a festival the next day, a group of children, including Tom Sawyer and Becky Thatcher (Rachael Leigh Cook), enter the caves where Tom and Becky become lost. They stumble upon Injun Joe (who was hunting for Tom) in the cave. He traps them, but Tom and Becky manage to escape. Then they find the treasure and Tom tells Becky to go get her father and bring him back. Just then Injun Joe finds Tom and again tries to kill him. Huck returns to help save Tom, and battles Injun Joe, who then falls into an enormous chasm inside McDougal's Cave. The boys reconcile and are declared heroes by the people. Tom is praised on the front page of the newspaper and Widow Douglas (Marian Seldes) decides to adopt Huck Finn.
tt0762121
Drama,Family,History
This is a conflation of the stories of the birth of Jesus found in biblical accounts by Matthew and Luke. Mary (Keisha Castle-Hughes) lives in the small town of Nazareth. She's still young enough to play with the other children of the town, although she must also work to help her poor family get by. The people of the town can barely pay the king's taxes. When one of their neighbors loses his daughter to involuntary servitude to pay off a tax debt, Mary is forced into a betrothal by her parents to Joseph (Oscar Isaac), a young homebuilder who has had his eye on Mary. They're told they must not consummate the marriage for a year. Mary's not happy with the arrangement. She barely knows Joseph; she certainly does not love him. But then an angel (Alexander Siddig) appears to Mary, telling her she's been chosen by God to bear the Son of God, who will save their people. She's told her cousin Elizabeth (Shohreh Aghdashloo), who's ostensibly too old to have children, is already pregnant, which is proof God can do anything. Mary agrees to the angel's request, and then travels to see Elizabeth. Elizabeth is the wife of Zechariah (Stanley Townsend), a priest who was told in the temple his aged wife would conceive and bear a son, who was to be named John. Zechariah didn't believe it, so he lost his ability to speak. When Mary shows up, Elizabeth seems to know all about Mary's impending pregnancy, saying her own child leapt in her womb. Mary tells Elizabeth she's scared, since the law requires she remain pure. She thinks nobody will believe she's kept her vows. Elizabeth comforts her, telling her to trust God. Mary stays until Elizabeth's child is born. Zechariah gets his voice back when he insists the boy be named John. Mary, who is now pregnant, decides she had better return home. When she comes back noticeably pregnant, however, the whole town is scandalized, and Joseph is broken hearted. Mary's parents can't believe Mary; they fear she might have been raped by one of Herod's soldiers. They tell her she could be put to death for violating her vows. Joseph agrees not to press charges, but he's upset and bitter. The town shuns Mary. But then Joseph sees the same angel in a dream who tells him Mary's telling the truth, and so he takes her back, which now makes him an outcast in the town, too. Meanwhile, evil King Herod (Ciarán Hinds) is worried about a prophecy of a new king who will be a Messiah for his people. He thinks some usurper may make political use of the prophecy to start an uprising. He decides to take advantage of Caesar's desire for a census to make everyone return to his ancestral home. Since the Messiah is to come from David's lineage, Herod thinks he can trap the pretender in Bethlehem, the City of David. Joseph is a descendant of David, so Herod's order also forces Joseph to go to Bethlehem. Mary agrees to go with him, so they undertake an arduous journey, during which Mary comes to see Joseph as a good, self-sacrificing man. Affection and trust grows between them. At about the same time, three magi in Persia, who have also been studying prophecy, decide to travel to Judea because the alignment of a star with two planets tells them a new king will be born there. They load up some camels and take off across the desert. At a stopover in Jerusalem, they tell Herod the Messiah king will not be a grown man, but a little baby. Herod pretends he wants to pay homage to the new king, too, and asks them to return with directions once they've located him. After they leave, Herod hatches a terrible idea. He decides he can put an end to the people's hope in the prophecy by killing all the babies in Bethlehem. Just as Mary and Joseph reach Bethlehem, Mary starts contractions. Joseph runs around looking for a place for her delivery, but all that's offered is a stable. Just as she gives birth, the three celestial bodies line up, and a shaft of light falls on the stable. Following the advice of the angel, some shepherds show up to see, including one who showed kindness to Mary and Joseph earlier. Mary tells him her baby is born for all mankind. The shepherds are followed by the magi. The magi present their gifts of gold for the king of kings, frankincense for the priest of priests, and myrrh for the one who must sacrifice. After they leave, Mary and Joseph go to sleep, but then Herod's soldiers begin their terrible infanticide. Just in the nick of time, the angel's voice warns Joseph. So, as the soldiers start slaughtering the innocents, Joseph, Mary, and the baby Jesus are already out of town, heading for Egypt.
tt0131369
Comedy,Drama
This movie is a satire of voyeurism and celebrity when an ordinary guy who works at a video store in San Francisco becomes an overnight star when he agrees to allow his daily life to be televised. Ed (Matthew McConaughey) quickly learns that he has absolutely no privacy. The taping of his life begins when he is waking up and shown to be scratching himself in his most private area. His father (played by Dennis Hopper) shows up and his mother is forced to admit that she made him leave, after having told Ed that he ran away. The television producer Cynthia Topping (Ellen Degeneres) begins to manipulate his life by arranging to have certain characters to "show up." For example, shortly after his girlfriend Shari (Jenna Elfman) moves away to escape the infringement on her personal life, Jill (Elizabeth Hurley) shows up and begins to seduce him. Jill isn't really interested in Ed, though, but is only using him in an attempt to further her own career. A really racy scene ensues and it appears that Ed and Jill are about to have sex on TV but he falls off the dining room table and squashes her cat, ending the ardor. The cat survives, fortunately, so we animal lovers folks can relax. He never sees Jill again. Life for poor Ed begins to degenerate (no pun intended Ellen) when his brother Ray Pekurny (Woody Harrelson) publishes an expose book (entitled "My Brother Pissed On Me"). LIfe takes another terrible turn when he gets a phone call from his mother telling him that his stepfather has died. The doctor tells him that he died making love with his mother and about that time, his real stepfather, Al (Martin Landau), comes zipping down the hall of the hospital on his scooter and leaves Ed confused. His mother admits that she was having sex with Hank and admits on national television that Al is unable to perform. Ed really wants to get back together with Shari, who has been caught following him in disguise. He wants to end the contract but the producers won't release him. So he devises a way to get them to cancel the show by offering a $10,000 reward to the viewer who can dish the most dirt on the producers. The main producer (Cynthia Topping) sympathize with Ed and tells him a terrible secret on Mr. Whitaker (Rob Reiner) that he cannot perform without pumping a liquid into his male member but before he can announce it, they quit airing the show.
tt0325537
Comedy
Mays Gilliam (Chris Rock) is an alderman of the 9th Ward in the Washington D.C. area. After being fired from his post, Mays is surprisingly chosen as the party candidate for the presidency (after his party's original presidential and vice-presidential nominees die in a plane crash; their two separate planes crashed into each other) to run against sitting vice-president Brian Lewis. Assuming the election was already lost, the party decided to pick a likeable but losing minority candidate to improve their chances of another politician taking the office in the next presidential election. At first, Mays feels he will not be able to succeed as President because he would be representing the entire African-American populace, and does not want to do anything to mess it up. However, Mays begins to rise in the polls after his brother (Bernie Mac) persuades him to speak out for what he believes. He begins to talk about issues such as welfare, money, society, etc. After Lewis runs a series of attack ads including one saying Mays supports Cancer, Mays begins to fight back using what he claimed was "kissing" his opponent (Taking from Bugs Bunny-Elmer Fudd cartoons). In this strategy, Mays hires various individuals such as a KKK member to endorse his opponent, or dubs a videotape of Osama bin Ladin saying he hates America but likes Brian Lewis. This strategy allows Mays to gain more points in the election. As the voting day draws closer, Mays eventually finds out the reason why he was chosen as the party candidate, and fires some disloyal campaign operatives. He debates his opponent in which he manages to win the crowd over by speaking truth of the American life. Mays ends up winning the election and the presidency.
tt0161083
Comedy,Crime
Kevin Caffrey, a thief and connoisseur is at a local auction looking for things worth stealing. He meets Amber Belhaven who is auctioning off her father's painting to pay a hotel bill. When Kevin asks Amber about her hotel room which leads to Amber asking if he was trying to sleep with her, Kevin blinks rapidly and lies while also telling her that when he blinks he lies. When Kevin asks Amber if he could see her sometime Amber pretends to have the same thing Kevin has and says yes. While knowing what hotel she was staying in, he shows up to her room with the painting she auctioned off, having stolen it. Kevin tells Amber about his stealing business which shocks Amber at first but she accepts it in order to be with Kevin, and she later gives Kevin her father's lucky ring. Elsewhere, Max Fairbanks, a snarky businessman whose company, TUI, is going into bankruptcy, is going over with his lawyer Walter Greenbaum on how to save his company. Walter is exhausted as Max does not take the proceeding seriously and still spends freely even asking to declare bankruptcy immediately without trying to budget so his assets are protected. He tells his wife Lutetia Fairbanks that his company is in a technical procedure to disguise what his company is really going into. Kevin goes to a local bar which his Uncle Jack owns to see Amber. Whilst inside he also runs into his friend Berger, who is also a thief and happens to know what places to hit. While having Kevin going outside to tell him about Max Fairbanks, he shows him an article about Max's current situation with his company, as well as what he couldn't access due to the critical condition of the chapter 11 bankruptcy code which includes going into his beachfront mansion. Kevin and Berger go to the house to rob it, but Max captures Kevin. Before the police take Kevin away, Max spots Amber's ring and tells the police that the ring was also stolen. Kevin is forced to hand over the ring. After escaping from the police, Kevin returns to the beach house to get his ring back from Max, but fails to find him. Angry at Max, Kevin finishes off what he started by robbing Max of the valuables inside the house and one of Max's three cars outside. Kevin tells Amber that the ring was stolen from him. The next day an exasperated Walter informs Max he was banned from his summer house, and his being there breached the terms of his bankruptcy. Max flippantly says he'll be fine as the ring is his lucky charm. Meanwhile, Kevin and Berger hire Shelly Nix, a computer hacker, to track Max's whereabouts by hacking into his e-mail. During an airplane flight, Max talks to his associate Gloria, a psychic, about the ring. Gloria consults her cards, and draws a king with five daggers on his head. Shocked at the result, Gloria doesn't tell Max what she drew and pretends that her phone connection is breaking up. Max meets a judge that he thought he paid off to keep his house, but his insults lead to the judge ordering him to sell his house and his contents at a public auction. Upon knowing Max's plan to go to a cocktail party and then head to his beach house for one final visit, Kevin and Berger, with the help of their partners Windham and Edwina, rob another one of Max's houses. The next morning Max finds out that his house has been robbed and meets with Detective Alex Tardio of the Robbery Division. Having enough of Kevin stealing from him, he calls his head of security, Earl Redburn. Kevin finds out from Shelly that Max is going to Washington, D.C., for a Senate hearing and has an apartment there. Kevin and Berger go to Washington to try and rob Max's apartment. There, Kevin learns that Max intends to secretly bribe the senators, and replaces the bribe money with insulting notes in Max's name. Max and Earl later storm into the apartment, having deduced Kevin's presence there. In the ensuing scuffle, Kevin tries to steal back the ring, but instead steals Max's wedding ring. Afterwards, Amber decides that Kevin's feud with Max has gone too far and that she no longer cares about the ring. While Max later addresses the Senate Committee he gets a call from Kevin who tells him that if Max will give him his ring back he will give him back his. Max refuses and proceeds to repeatedly curse at Kevin. To the senators, and other viewers, it appears he is speaking to them, with the result being that the hearing ends very badly for Max. While going back to his apartment in Philadelphia, Walter quits as his lawyer and Earl tells him that he was hacked; Max tells Earl his plan to get Kevin once and for all. Kevin goes to Jack to find out where Amber is; Jack tells Kevin to stop robbing Max out of personal conflict and to forget about the ring. But when Berger tells Kevin about Max's bankruptcy auction and for how much his auction full of valuables is worth, Jack wants in on it too. Max gets a call from Lutetia about Max's behavior on TV, and tells him not to come home, while Amber breaks up with Kevin due to his obsession with Max and the ring. Lutetia finds Amber at Jack's bar wearing a jacket of hers that Kevin stole from their house and confronts her, Amber tells her that Max stole the ring she gave to Kevin. Knowing that they are both in the same situation, they come up with a plan. Gloria, thinking about Max, still draws the same card and decides to come clean. Noticing how bad it is, she tells him to put an end to it, but Max still refuses to give up Kevin's ring. Realizing Max's arrogant determination to keep the ring, she quits being his associate, and goes to Tardio to give him Max's company records. At the bankruptcy auction, Lutetia tells Max that she wishes him well and sends him a masseuse. While Earl keeps looking out for Kevin through his monitors, Berger, Jack, Windham, and Edwina set their scheme in motion. Edwina and Windham are disguised as waiters, with the real waiters bound and gagged in their truck. Berger is disguised as the auctioneer, while Jack is his associate, having tied up and gagged the original auctioneer. Shelly hacks into Max's security system. The crooks steal as much as they can, and later flee. Windham plants smoke bombs to obscure their escape and calls the fire brigade. At 2:00 Shelly plants a video of Kevin delivering a message to Max that he was being robbed without him being there on Earl's monitors. Angry and enraged, Max goes out into the smoke to find Kevin, but a firefighter, actually Kevin in disguise, drags him out of the smoke, stealing the ring in the process. Kevin steals Max's boat to escape, but Max jumps onto the boat and struggles with Kevin to get back the ring. While hitting a buoy, causing the boat to sink, Kevin and Max find out that the ring is a fake, the ring having an inscription inside it that said: "Grow up." a message that they both got from their lovers. Max realizes that Lutetia had induced the masseuse to steal the ring during his massage. When Tardio finds Max and Kevin, Kevin tells Tardio that he was saving Max, while Max corroborates his story, telling Tardio that he had never met Kevin. Kevin thanks Max and tells him that he owes him one. While going back to the hotel where Amber used to be before she moved in with Kevin, she shows him the ring, revealing that she was the masseuse. She tells Kevin that the ring had bad luck and that he should throw it away. Kevin agrees and flings the ring out of sight and gets back together with Amber. Kevin, pretending to be Max's lawyer, fixes the Senate hearing and goes into the press conference victorious. When it is over Max and Kevin part ways, but as they do so, Kevin steals one of Max's watches.
tt0462338
Comedy,Drama
Author Clifford Irving (Richard Gere) discusses his latest book project with executives with publishers McGraw-Hill. His last book, about an art forger, has sold poorly. The board of McGraw-Hill is more impressed by his latest effort, and Irving is led to believe that this will be his breakthrough work. He celebrates this news, but is then informed that a magazine editor had read and discounted the work, and McGraw-Hill have now decided not to publish it, leaving Irving extremely bitter. Vacationing with friend and researcher, Richard Suskind (Alfred Molina), Irving is ejected from his hotel at 1 a.m. when Howard Hughes arrives demanding the entire building be emptied of guests. Returning to New York to meet his publishers, he is upset to find that he has been fobbed off onto one of the firm's assistants. Irving storms into the boardroom and announces he has written the "book of the century," threatening to take it elsewhere if McGraw-Hill is not interested. Irving struggles to come up with a suitable topic for his grandiose book-of-the-century claim, rejecting numerous suggestions from Dick Suskind. It is then that he catches sight of a magazine cover and article about the secret world of Howard Hughes and decides that this is the book that the world wants. He approaches his former publishers and claims to have been summoned by Hughes and selected to write his biography, providing forged handwritten notes from Hughes as "proof". Handwriting experts are fooled and pronounce the notes genuine, and the board strikes a $500,000 deal for the book, accepting the slightly bizarre conditions imposed as the eccentricities of the reclusive billionaire Hughes. For Clifford Irving it comes close to being the perfect crime. Given Hughes's self-imposed isolation and deep aversion to litigation, Irving believes himself safe from legal action from the billionaire. And Hughes's eccentricities will cause any denials by him of the book's authenticity to be doubted. The resulting book will generate a massive sum of money, with more coming through serialisation rights, all of which will be his, not having to share it with Hughes. Irving is currently undergoing marital problems with Edith Irving (Marcia Gay Harden), an artist. A recent affair between Clifford Irving and Nina Van Pallandt (Julie Delpy), an actress and wife of a millionaire, has left Edith hurt and skeptical of Clifford. He assures Edith he will be faithful, and leaves to begin his research. Irving spends hours studying documents, speeches and other recordings of Hughes to create an authenticity that will fool even the experts. Irving and Suskind illicitly obtain a copy of a draft biography of Noah Dietrich, a retired Hughes aide, which provides details that add to the apparent authenticity of the work. Irving begins reciting passages for the book into a tape recorder in character as Hughes, going so far as to dress as Hughes and draw a Hughes-like moustache on himself during these sessions. At one point during the writing of his work, a mysterious box of documents arrives, containing explosive information about questionable dealings between Hughes and President Richard Nixon, implying that Hughes had provided monetary favors to Nixon's campaign and made a personal loan to Nixon's brother in exchange for favorable treatment by the administration. Irving assumes the package is from Hughes and convinces himself Hughes now supports the false autobiography and wants the damaging material included in order to bring down the President, whose support for Hughes has eroded. As the publication date draws closer, Irving steps up his pretense, including staging an aborted meeting between Hughes and the publishers. However, denials start to filter out from Hughes headquarters that he is involved in any way with the book. The pressure begins to build, but the publishers are convinced it is a genuine work. Irving's script has been so convincingly researched, and tinged with real and very secret disclosures, that it convinces the experts to be genuine. Irving also uses the publishers' increasing desire for the hit book to leverage larger paychecks for himself and "Hughes"; Irving and his wife concoct a scheme for her to deposit Hughes' share of the payments into a Swiss bank account using a forged passport and the name "Helga R. Hughes". Irving begins to have increasingly grandiose notions, including alcohol-fueled fantasies about being kidnapped by Hughes's people and taken blindfolded to Nassau, where he is ordered to put the disclosure about Nixon into the work, before being thrown out a window and into a swimming pool. At the same time, his affair with Van Pallandt has continued, and the pressure of keeping of a pretense of fidelity with his wife adds to Irving's stress and paranoia. Finally, Hughes goes public, via a televised conference call, to deny any knowledge of Irving or the book. As the hoax unravels, Irving finds himself alone in his room "conversing" with Hughes' aide about his role in the affair and the pressures of keeping up the complex web of deceits. Irving is arrested and, as reporters shout questions through the closed window of the police car, scrawls the word "HOAX" on the window, finally admitting the con. At a press conference, a government spokesman reveals that Irving, Edith Irving, and Suskind all received short jail sentences. An overheard radio report details a sudden wave of legal decisions in favor of Hughes in a short span of time, ambiguously implying that Irving's book had indeed been used as a tool by Hughes to pressure Nixon. Against a backdrop of archival footage of Nixon, a text overlay claims that the hoax fueled Nixon's paranoia with Hughes, and led directly to the Watergate scandal: The burglars were attempting to recover documents they believed held information of the financial dealings between Nixon and Hughes.
tt0800003
Action,Adventure,Comedy
An army general (Glenn Morshower) addressing a bunch of assembled troops and stating that real heroes are hard to find these days. Meanwhile, diner waiter Larry (Larry the Cable Guy) is serving sandwiches at a local diner. His girlfriend Karen (Christina Moore) comes up to him and quickly tells him she's pregnant, and before she can stop him, he announces to everybody that she is pregnant and proposes to her. She then tells him that it is not his baby. Meanwhile, Bill Little (Bill Engvall) is talking about marriage with his neighbor (Michael Papajohn). The neighbor points out that most marriages end in divorce, and Bill says that it takes a lot to make a marriage work, such as incriminating photos of him with a girl who was just a good listener and eager to please at the local nightclub. Elsewhere, a man opens up a storage shed to see the leotard-and-leopard-skirt (with a porn-star mustache) clad Everett (DJ Qualls) watching TV. He reprimands Everett for living here when he just works here and berates him for having been a cop for only four days. Sometime later, the three are getting set for their Monthly trip up to their deserted army recruitment camp; turns out these three are also army reservists and picking on Everett about his tendency to be trigger-happy is their form of entertainment. Meanwhile, on an army base somewhere, a Colonel gets a request for more troops for Fallujah and he pulls up the name of the base where the boys are staying and sends Sgt. Kilgore (Keith David) to assess the situation at the reserve base. Kilgore arrives there to find Bill and Larry eating chips and Everett out on a beer run. Pretty soon he has them going through an intense training regimen and not long after, they find themselves being shipped out. The day they leave, Everett and Bill are both making calls, Everett to his boss and Bill to his wife Connie (Lisa Lampinelli), but they are dragged off to a hangar by Kilgore. Once they're all gathered, Kilgore appoints Larry squad leader and marches them onto the plane. The plane is flying through a brutal thunderstorm. The trio, in search of comfort, sneak into a Humvee in the cargo area. Kilgore wakes up and sees them gone and tracks them down just as the pilots encounter heavy turbulence that forces them to drop some cargo. In a moment, the Humvee, some supply boxes, and Kilgore are all falling through the night sky. The next morning, the boys pull themselves from the Humvee, look at the surrounding sandy landscape, and conclude they're in Iraq. After Everett accidentally smashes the radio, they find Kilgore lying next to one of the supply crates and conclude that he died in the fall. They solemnly bury him and give him a brief eulogy that gets interrupted by the sound of Everett urinating into a canteen, claiming that urine's sterility makes it drinkable. Bill and Larry shake their heads and the three load up and move out, not noticing the sign they pass over that says, "Mexico City 500 km." They soon come to a gas station where they fill up, look at a map of Iraq, and have some MREs. Since Larry doesn't like his spaghetti and meatballs, he trades it with Bill for his beef stew, who immediately leaves the spaghetti on the pump when he realizes that Larry spit his chewing tobacco into it. As their getting ready to leave, Everett spots some "Iraqis" and after shooting their donkey, runs up to them and starts demanding to know if they're "Turds or Shi'tites", to which Bill corrects him with, "It's Kurds or Shi'ites, numbskull." Speaking in Spanish to each other, the two "Iraqis" realize these guys can help their village and take them to their town. Meanwhile, back at Kilgore's gravesite, the sergeant wakes up from being knocked unconscious, claws his way out of the dirt cairn he was buried in, staggers over to the left-behind canteen, drinks from it, retches, and screams in vengeance. Meanwhile, the trio hang outside the village of La Miranda where they see some insurgents abuse the locals. They drive the Humvee in and shoot the place up, but still manage to scare most of the "insurgents" off and capture one for questioning, to the delight of the villagers, who throw them a party featuring tacos, which Bill is surprised to find in Iraq. The mayor Tony Perez, who is hosting the party with his daughter Maria (Marisol Nichols), hears this and tries to correct him, but gets shouted out by the boisterous laughter of Larry. Meanwhile, Kilgore makes it to the gas station and after having a bite of Larry's tobacco-filled spaghetti -- and spitting it out -- finds two guys who offer to give him a ride, although secretly they tell each other that they'll take him back to their place and have fun with him there. Meanwhile, Everett is wearing a sniper ghillie suit he brought from home and interrogating the captured bandit. Larry comes in and sees this and sends Everett out to play with a cannon he found while he asks the guy if he is Al Qaeda. After a minute, the guy realizes what's going on and laughs at them and calls him a "gringo". Larry's eyes bulge and he runs outside to find a drunken Bill confirming they're in Mexico while on the arm of an attractive senorita named Magdalena (Danielle Hartnett), and Larry screams and faints. A little while later, Larry is up and freaking out to Bill who calmly -- and with the help of Everett the dictionary -- tells him that technically, according to the US governments definition of terrorists, they still are fighting terrorism and are doing exactly what the army would have them doing, just not in the same place. Larry calms down enough to accept their "mission". That night, while he's walking/flirting through the village with Maria, he learns the name of the leader of the bandits -- a name designed to strike fear (and confusion) into the hearts of all who hear it -- Carlos Santana. At the same time, Santana himself (Danny Trejo) heading things up at his bar by having The Amazing Ken (Jeff Dunham), a kidnapped comedian, perform a bad ventriloquism act and then shooting the dummy when he doesn't like it. At this point one of the banditos from before comes in and tells Santana about the hundreds of US soldiers who have shown up to offer aid to the village, and Santana accepts this news with dignity and grace....and then has two subordinates kill the guy. One of his assistants ask if they're going to La Miranda tonight, and he says, "No, I don't like to work on weekends. Tonight....we do KARAOKE!!!!" Over the next day or two, the trio continue to fix things up around town under what Bill calls "Operation: Sombrero". At the same time, Kilgore secures his freedom with violence, and steal a scooter with nothing on but a little red teddy. At some point, Bill tries to fix the radio to call his superior -- his wife -- and the bartender in front of him tells him about a nearby working phone. They drive out there without telling Larry or Everett but as Bill is getting chewed out for not having mowed the lawn yet and for being in Mexico instead of Iraq, Santana and his goons sneak up on Bill and take him hostage, using the threat of alone time with Santana's gay nephew Ruben (Joe Nunez) to get Bill to talk. Back in town, Everett is trying to get the cannon to work but his arm keeps getting stuck in it and Larry and Maria are talking about her dream to move to the coast and start a restaurant when Santana and troops roll in. They threaten to shoot Bill and Santana gloats that Larry can't shoot all of them until Larry points out that he can just shoot Santana. Bill gets released and suddenly out of nowhere Kilgore shows up and starts chewing out Bill and Larry, not realizing about Santana and the others until a gun is poking into his face. Suddenly, Everett comes charging in with his rifle and this sets off a big fight during which Everett tries to fire a Rocket Launcher at the bandits but instead hits the water fountain, which erupts in a magnificent geyser of water. Fortunately, the explosion scares off the bandits, and the boys are celebrating until they realize that the bandits have captured Kilgore. Left with no choice, the boys decide to go and break him out. That night, Santana is hosting a wrestling tournament between some luchadore and two of his lieutenants. As the luchadore trounces the other guys, Kilgore is tortured by being forced to sing a karaoke version of "I Got You Babe" with Reuben. Meanwhile, the boys have arrived and are steadily sneaking into the compound as Bill constantly changes disguises to manipulate things and Larry goes in to sneak around. Meanwhile, the luchadore has cleared the ring and is searching for a new combatant which he finds in Everett, disguised as a luchadore named "Carne Asada". As they start fighting, Larry breaks Kilgore out and goes to drop in on Santana. Meanwhile, Kilgore finds some dynamite which he and Bill use on the trucks. Just as Everett manages to win his match and rips off his mask in triumph (something a real luchadore would never do) and Larry gets the drop on Santana, the dynamite goes off and our boys make a quick exit as Santana swears revenge on La Miranda. Back in town the next day, Kilgore relents on his take-charge attitude and agrees to help the boys defend La Miranda, and just in time as the bandits pull up. The townspeople hide in the church just as an old Sherman tank rolls up and starts blasting everything. Kilgore yells that they need to stop that thing, and Larry screams for cover as he runs across to the cannon. He finally gets it to work by kicking it, and just then the cavalry arrives in the form of four army helicopters. The bandits scatter, and Santana makes for the church and takes Maria hostage. After making sure that the mayor doesn't have any other attractive daughters, Larry tracks Santana down, rescues Maria, and knocks Santana out with one punch. Once things calm down, a state secretary approaches Larry and Bill (who suffered a shot in his rear differential), and reveals that if they're willing to cooperate, they can make this look good for everybody. Soon, news reports are spreading across the globe about the humanitarian aid given by the army in "Operation: Sombrero" and its efforts to capture local crime lord and rock star Carlos Santana. From here, an award ceremony honors Kilgore and the boys for their actions, where they each get the silver star and Bill gets a purple heart. Days pass after these recent events. Sargeant Kilgore moved to Miami, Florida, where he opened up a private exercise camp where he uses his abuse for the good of mankind. Everett moved back to Mexico and officially became a luchadore using his persona of "Carne Asada". Bill sued the Mexican government for his injury and settled out-of-court, and is currently living off the payoff in Beverly Hills. Larry went back to Mexico, married Maria, and opened up a restaurant called "The Mess Hall" in Cabo San Lucas. As for Santana, he was jailed and put into a rehab program. After being released, he became a ventriloquist using the Amazing Ken's dummy he had shot earlier.
tt0361500
Animation,Adventure,Comedy
The opening credits show the sky filled with clouds, and then large amphibian-looking whale creatures soar through the sky. The view then transitions to the ground, which is teaming with all kinds of strange wildlife. Outside is a man is teaching a child to play ball. Then a voice-over occurs, contrasting two lands. The Lokni and the Nohrin are two different types of people that inhabit the land. The Lokni are ground dwelling humanoids that are bald and vaguely reptilian. The Nohrin are similar to the Lokni, but they have wings and are somewhat more mammalian-looking. The lands that the Nohrin come from have become increasingly inhospitable and the Nohrin King Zahn (Louis Gossett Jr.) was able to make a deal with the Lokni to settle in their land of Jhamora. However, as their land becomes less and less habitable, more Nohrin have to relocate at eventually, there is not enough room in Jhamora for them. The leaders of Jhamora refuse to let any more Nohrin enter. The Kings sister, Sedessa (Anna Bancroft) takes this conflict as an excuse to lead a bloody struggle to claim Jhamoran land without the Kings consent, slaughtering innocent Lokni people and starting a war. For this crime, the King strips Sedessa of her title, and takes away her status in the royal family. At night, Sedessa attempts to kill the king with poison, and is able to poison the queen before her plans are foiled when a baby Princess Kyla (Jennifer Love Hewitt) cries out. For this act of treason, the King has Sedessas wings cut (removed), and exiles her to the badlands while the remainder of the Nohrin move to Jhamora to live alongside the Lokni. 15 years later Sedessa appears to have grown new wings, but its just prosthetics; she misses the wings that have been cut from her, and has a large wall of fake wings that she wears. Outside her chambers, her lead henchmen are busy drinking and fighting. Meeting her underlings, she has decided to fire them and take control of their armies after they had consolidated the various tribes and brought them together to serve her. She gives an order to engineer Prando who flips a switch, and a cage encircles the lead henchmen, and lowers them into a red pit, presumably to their deaths. Then switch to two guys riding on lizard creatures through a desert valley. One goads the other into racing through the canyons. The race startles a large number of wild creatures (think buffalo stampede) and the two continue their race among the creatures. One of the two young men jumps from creature to creature and seems close to winning, but falls off the edge of a cliff. The young man who fell over is Delgo (Freddie Prinze Jr.) and his friend, Filo (Chris Kattan) thinks that he is dead, and starts to dramatically mourn his death. Suddenly, Delgos voice is heard, and Marlow looks over the edge to see that Delgo is hanging to a tree branch. Trying to help, Marlow accidentally sets off a combustible plant and sets the tree on fire, and he runs off to get help. Up above, a Nohrin female with wings flies by and offers to help. Delgo refuses due to hostilities between their peoples. Delgo falls and the woman rescues him. Filo shows up soon after, but before they can even catch their breath, a Nohrin general tackles Filo and Delgo. Apparently, the female is Princess Kyla (Jennifer Love Hewitt) and by going near the Lokni (Delgo and Filo), she has violated the conditions of a truce between the two peoples. Kyla complains that all she did was help someone who was in danger, and if it wasnt for General Bogardus (Val Kilmer) over-reacting, things would have been ok, but the King wont budge. The princess storms off. Back on land, Delgo is at a school of some sort, where they are learning to manipulate stones and fire. Elder Marley (Michael Clarke Duncan) attempts to teach these techniques to Delgo, but Delgo would rather learn more neat tricks, Marley insists that they are all learning the same thing, to control the stones. Delgo just throws the stone instead to hit the target, much to Marleys disappointment. At night, rumors are being spread that Nohrin soldiers have attacked innocent Lokni boys (Delgo and Filo), which orginal occurred out of misunderstandings. Several Nohrin soldiers are shown gambling, interspersed with scenes of progressing aggression towards Nohrin people. The soldiers hear the commotion and go outside to see that Lokni civilians are being very hostile to the local Nohrin people, trashing shots and vandalising property. The Nohrin soldiers report back to the Nohrin king to relay the nights events. Colonel Raius (Malcolm McDowell) sees this as an act of war, while General Bogardus does not want to fly off the handle and risk another war, since he has lost many friends in the last war with the Lokni. The King turns to Gelmore (Don Stallings) for advice, who responds that they cannot leave the acts of aggression unanswered, causing the King to step up military actions. Outside, Princess Kyla is in the garden, and being stocked by a crocodile like creature. Delgo comes upon the scene and is able to injure it and scare it off. Princess Kyla apologizes to Delgo for General Bogardus assault the other day. Kyla has lost her mothers brooch, which has much sentimental value to her. As she leaves, Delgo promises to help her find it, and arranges to meet her there the next day. Up near Sedessas floating lair, Colonel Raius arrives to talk to Sedessa. The colonel is obviously in love with Sedessa, and reports the information he has to her. The colonel notes that Bogardus is getting in the way as he is against war with the Lokni. Sedessa notes that the colonel will find a way. Outside the castle, Bogardus is trying to get a loan (he has a gambling problem), and the loan shark persuades the general into stealing weapons from the armory to use as collateral. This turns out to be a setup by the colonel, who then tells the King and gets Bogardus arrested. After imprisonment, Bogardus realises that hes been setup by the colonel. Back in Lokni territory, the Colonel has gone to the Stone Sage Sanctuary (the magic school), and starts destroying all the magical stones. Delgo arrives the next day and is furious. Marley tells Delgo to calm down and begins repairing the sanctuary. Delgo is still angry, and charges off for vengeance, which disappoints Marley greatly. The newly promoted colonel, now a general visits Sedessa who is very anxious to restart the war. Raius is apprehensive since the punishment for treason is severe. Back at the Nohrin castle, Kyla is trying on new clothes before meeting with Delgo, obviously smitten with Delgo. Inside a crystalline cave, Delgo is trying to impress Kyla, and is able to return her brooch to her. Kyla is sad as the brooch reminds her of her mother; this causes Delgo to reveal that he is an orphan of the war. Kyla believes that everyone should just move on, but Delgo cant let it go, and is infuriated as he blames the Nohrin for the death of his parents and the recent occurrence of violence in Jhamora. Delgo realizes his mistake, but its too late, Kyla has already left. As Kyla leaves, the General chases after her and knocks her out with a dart, then goes to the King and blame the princess kidnapping on Delgo. The King orders for Delgos capture. Back in his home, Delgo is having a dream about his childhood playing hide-and-seek with his parents, just as Nohrin soldiers break through the door and slaughter his parents. Delgo hears Sedessas voice, ordering her soldiers to slaughter the villagers. Delgo awakens, and looks at the ball he used to play with as a child, but its not long before Nohrin troops charge in to arrest him. At the Nohrin castles dungeon, Delgo and Filo are interrogated regarding Kylas whereabouts they know nothing, but no one believes them. Back in Sedessas lair, Kyla is locked in a cage, trying to escape. In the dungeon, Delgo is left in an adjacent cell to Bogardus, who accuses Delgo of capturing Kyla. Delgo tells Bogardus that the last time he saw Kyla was when she was leaving, and saw a soldier ride after her on a white razorwing (a pterodactyl-like creature). Bogardus recognizes the white razorwing as belonging to Raius. Back in Sedessas lair, Kyla is brought to her presence, who recognizes her as the person who killed her mother. Kyla says that her father will send men to find her, only to have Sedessa reveal that Raius is working for her. In the dungeon, Delgo is prying through cage locks to free himself and Filo; he opens the cage, but is still unable to go anywhere since the cage is suspended hundreds of meters from the ground. Delgo strikes a deal with Bogardus who agrees to help. Delgo swings his cage over to Bogarduss and struggled to open his cage. As this is happening, a guard walks in and sees Delgo and Bogardus in the same cage, but simple assumes that nothings wrong. At the castle, The King believes that he has no choice, and makes an ultimatum to the Lokni. The Lokni council have no choice but to declare war since they dont have the princess and cant possible give in to the Kings demands. The elders vote and Marley votes against war, but he is outnumbers, and war is declared. Back with Delgo, Filo, and Bogardus, the trio is attempting to find an exit at the bottom of the dungeon. Delgo uses his knowledge of the local animal life to find a tunnel but has little success until Filo gets a spider down his pants, freaks out, and runs into a fragile wall, which exposes a tunnel out. Unfortunately, the tunnel was made by a Yag (a large crab like creature), Bogardus and Delgo attempt to fight it off. Bogardus is about to get eaten, but Delgo holds the Yags offspring hostage and leads the mother Yag off into the tunnels and causing it to flip over and end up helpless. Having escaped to the surface, Bogardus is determine to find the princess but refuses Delgos help since he cannot fly. Delgo says he can help by riding one of the razorwings, which Bogardus helps him procure. At the castle, Raius receives a letter by a carrier creature, and sends one back to Sedessa. Bogardus and Delgo decide to follow it to find Kyla. At the lair, Sedessa rises up on a podium to address her troops. She then brings in Kyla, strapped into a Nohrin banishment table, which Sedessa will use to cut off Kylas wings. After this ceremony, Sedessa will lead her troops into battle. In the background, Delgo, Bogardus, and Filo attempt to sneak in and rescue the princess. Bogardus and Delgo debate on who should save Kyla, but the guards come in and Bogardus must defend against them, giving Delgo the chance to rescue Kyla. Things are going well until Filo accidentally knocks things over, causing enough noise to alert everyone. Delgo is able to evade the guards and manages to climb onto the pedestal and save release Kyla from her chains. They have a quick moment together before more troops arrive. Bogardus jumps in to hold them off and the two flee. Once outside, Delgo convinces Kyla to fly off to warn her father of Raius treachery and end the war. Meanwhile, Delgo is being pursued throughout the lair. While Kyla is riding off to return to her father, she is being pursued by Sedessas engineer Prando. She flies through a field of floating rocks to evade him but Prando is close. Kyla is about to fall off until Bogardus flies in to pull her up, and then turns his attention to Prando. At the lair, Delgo uses his limited stone controlling powers to distract the guards long enough to jump onto one of the flying whale-barges and escapes. The whale-barges are on their way towards the battle field. Back with Bogardus and Prando, the fight is not in Bogardus favour as Prando has all kinds of nasty tricks in his helicopter-thing. Luckily, Filo crashes into Prando and distracts him long enough for Bogardus to sabotage the helicopter, causing Prando to crash to the ground. While all this is happening, there is a massive battle between the Lokni and the Nohrin, both sides are equally matched. Kyla arrives at the castle to warn her father, but its too late, he has already left for the battlefield. She tells Gelmore that the Lokni are not responsible for her kidnapping, who says he will send a messenger. Kyla insists that she go too, but then figures out that Gelmore has been paid off by Raius; she knocks him out and heads for the battlefield. Just as the two armies are exhausting themselves, Sedessas troops arrive to take advantage. Delgo is aboard one of the vessels and is trying his best to sabotage Sedessas forces. At a forward encampment, Sedessas goons have been sent to capture the king, while Sedessa makes her way back to the castle to claim the throne. While Raius gloats to the king, Bogardus charges in with Filo; Bogardus fights off the soldiers while Filo is sent to release the King. Outside, Delgo is rescued by Kyla on a razorwing. Bogardus and Raius continue their duel and appear evenly matched until Raius gets in a lucky shot and knocks Bogardus down. Bogardus tosses up the shiny charm he had hocked earlier and while Raius is distracted, Bogardus kills him. Kyla and Delgo arrive at the camp to discover that Filo was not able to save the King, just then; one of Sedessas soldiers tries to kill Delgo with a crossbow, but hits Bogardus instead when he jumps in to block the shot. At the castle, Sedessa has the King, in captivity and she berates him for letting their people weaken with the peace. Delgo is infuriated at the death of Bogardus, but is brought back to reality by Kyla. Delgo figures out a plan, and sends Kyla to contact the Nohrin troops. At the castle, Sedessa thinks that Raius has returned, but instead, its Delgo arriving to save the King. Delgo cannot defeat Sedessas lead minion, but is able to use his powers to cause a chandelier to crash downwhich does nothing and Delgo gets the daylights beaten out of him. Filo, with instructions from Delgo, starts a stampede (similar to the beginning of the film). At this moment, Kyla gets the Nohrin troops to pull back, as well as rescue the Lokni, allowing Sedessas minions to be trampled by the buffalo. Thinking that Delgo has been defeated, Sedessa and her minions ignore him just long enough for him to concentrate and use his powers to bring down the castle wall, taking out her guards and knocking Sedessa over a cliff. Sedessa please for help, and remembering Marleys teachings, Delgo offers to help Sedessa. Kyla arrives and tries to help Delgo rescue the king. Sedessa climbs up and stabs Kyla in the chest, but her knife is blocked by Kylas brooch and she is unharmed. Sedessa backs off and falls through a newly formed hole in the ground, and without wings, falls to her death. The battle outside is now over as Sedessas treachery is revealed. Raius, still alive, attempts to kill Delgo, but is stopped and arrested. Everyone is witness to Delgo and Kylas kiss and peace is achieved once again. [D-Man2010]
tt0118798
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Set in March 1996, Democratic U.S. Senator Jay B. Bulworth (Warren Beatty) is a 60-year-old Democratic who is currently losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young populist. Bulworth's socialist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to more conservative politics and to accepting donations from big corporations. In addition, though he and his wife Constance (Christine Baranski) have been having affairs with each other's knowledge for years, they must still present a happy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. Tired of politics, unhappy with his life in general, suffering from insomnia and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as the beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote from the insurance industry. Knowing that a suicide will void his daughter's inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days. Bulworth arrives in California to continue his campaign, but begins drinking excessively much to the shock of his campaign manager Dennis Murphy (Oliver Platt). Turning up at an African American church in South Central Los Angeles to speak at an event, the tired and extremely drunk Bulworth freely begins speaking his mind at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew. After dancing all night in an underground club in South Central and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public. His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Along the way he becomes romantically involved with a young black activist named Nina (Halle Berry), who tags along with him on his campaign stops. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign contributor Eddie Davers (Jack Warden) and an increasingly adoring public, all the while fearful of his impending assassination. After a televised debate during which Bulworth drinks from a flask on air and derides insurance companies and the American health care system, he decides to hide at Nina's family's home, located in the South Central Los Angeles ghetto. While there, he wanders around the neighborhood, where he witnesses a group of kids selling crack. When the kids try to intimidate him into buying drugs from them, he instead buys the group ice cream. After saving the group from a racially motivated encounter with a police officer, he finds out they are "soldiers" of L.D. (Don Cheadle), a local drug kingpin to whom Nina's brother owes money. Bulworth eventually makes it to a television appearance arranged earlier by his campaign manager, during which he raps and repeats verbatim statements Nina and L.D. have told him about the lives of poor black people and their opinions of various American institutions, like education and employment. Eventually he offers the solution that "everybody should fuck everybody" until everyone is "all the same color" stunning the audience and his interviewer. After Bulworth's TV appearance (at the end of which one mysterious assassination attempt occurs) he escapes with Nina and goes with her back to her house where she reveals that SHE is the assassin he indirectly hired (ostensibly to make the money needed to pay off the debt her brother owes to L.D.) and will now not carry out the job because she has fallen in love with him. Relieved, Bulworth falls asleep for the first time in days in Nina's arms. Bulworth sleeps deeply for over 36 hours (with Nina tenderly watching over him), during which time the media is abuzz about his mysterious absence on election day. During this time, various people are shown reacting to the TV coverage and the impact Bulworth's escapade is making on the political/social conversation in the country (race, poverty, inequity, greed). Bulworth wins the primary election by a landslide. The next morning the press and Bulworth's campaign managers converge on Nina's house, all eager to talk to him. L.D. also comes to Nina's house and, having had a change of heart, says he will let Nina's brother work off his debt instead of hurting or killing him. Bulworth emerges from the bedroom looking rested and, as he steps outside, he invites Nina to go with him; she eventually joins him, after some hesitation. Bulworth and Nina embrace and begin to kiss as people cheer. As Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency, he is suddenly shot in front of the crowd of reporters and supporters by Graham Crockett (Paul Sorvino), an agent of the insurance company lobbyists, who were fearful of Bulworth's recent push for single-payer health care. Crockett gets away while Bulworth lays motionless in the street surrounded by Nina, Dennis, L.D. and others. Bulworth's fate is left ambiguous. The final scene shows an elderly vagrant, whom Bulworth met previously, standing alone outside a hospital. He exhorts Bulworth, who is presumably inside, to not be 'a ghost' but 'a spirit' which, as he had mentioned earlier, can only happen if you have 'a song'. In the final shot of the film, he asks the same of the audience.
tt0116704
Action,Adventure,Comedy
&#12298;&#35686;&#23519;&#25925;&#20107;4&#20043;&#31777;&#21934;&#20219;&#21209;&#12299; In this fourth 'Police Story' movie, Hong Kong 'supercop' Inspector Jackie Chan Ka-Kui (Jackie Chan) is hired by the CIA to follow leads of a nuclear smuggling case. He follows a woman named Natasha to Ukraine, when he realizes that she had been hiding vital information. When Jackie calls for backup, she is arrested. However, Natasha's partner is an unknown man, who turns out to be Tsui (Jackson Lau), a Chinese American nuclear scientist with CIA links, suspected of stealing a nuclear warhead. Jackie follows Tsui to a restricted area, and after a trap set by Tsui, CIA agents together with Ukrainian authorities engage in battle. Jackie finds a briefcase which contained evidence that Tsui had, but as he is chased by unknown forces, he loses the briefcase as he falls through a frozen lake into the freezing water. When he recovers in Russia, he meets Colonel Gregor (Yuri Petrov) who explains the situation. Jackie goes with the FSB and is taken to Moscow where he discovers he's been assigned to work with Colonel Gregor to solve a similar case involving nuclear weapons being smuggled out of Ukraine. His task is to track Tsui, who disappeared after their last encounter. Jackie is taken by a Russian submarine to Brisbane, Australia, where Tsui's attractive younger sister Annie Tsui (Annie Wu) works at an aquarium doing shark shows. Uncle 7 (Terry Woo), the Tsuis' father and the local Triad boss, is seriously ill, and Chan suspects the criminal will show up soon. Unbeknown to Jackie, Tsui is hiding at the hospital, and has given a nuclear warhead to Annie, who hides it at the aquarium. Whilst following Annie, Jackie gets to meet the aquarium animals and is kidnapped by Tsui, who claims to have a deal with Colonel Gregor. Jackie, after realizing he has been used by Gregor decides to return home, but two toughs are sent to kill him, and he is framed for the murder of Uncle 7. He attempts to clear his name by going to see Annie at the memorial hall, but he is (unsurprisingly) unwelcome, having to fight bodyguards and Tsui has to eventually rescue him. Tsui explains that Gregor caught him on a CIA assignment three years before, and forced him to turn into a triple agent: a CIA agent ostensibly turned by the FSB, but in reality serving Gregor's private criminal schemes. Annie, Jackie and Tsui decide to work together to fight Gregor. Uncle 7's elaborate Chinatown funeral then becomes the scene for a complex showdown between the various parties. Annie and Jackie attempt to retrieve the stolen warhead from the shark pool (so that they can return it to the police), but Gregor and his toughs follow them, leading to a climatic confrontation underwater. In the midsts, Gregor attacks the aquarium and shatters the aquarium glass which releases the killer shark, which makes a good diversion for him to escape. Jackie then saves the tourists and follows Gregor. While Gregor escapes with the weapon and Annie as hostage in a getaway boat, Jackie comes up with an unusual plan that allows him to recover the weapon and return it to the proper authorities, while Annie makes her escape, in which he drives and launches a display car onto the boat. Gregor and Tsui are apprehended by Australian police and turned over to Russian authorities. The case is solved, Jackie is thanked for his work by the FSB, and the film ends as he returns to Hong Kong. As is usual in Jackie Chan's films, out-takes (generally accidents involving the star) are shown under the closing titles.
tt1045655
Drama,Horror,Thriller
A young woman walking through the woods following a trail marked by string. She gets a little nervous because during her walk she keeps hearing strange noises. At the end of the trail is an old house. The girl is Laurel Hartley and its 1997. Once inside she looks around and is surprised by her boyfriend, who presents her with a heart shaped necklace as an early 18th birthday gift. Laurels father shows up to take her home and on the way they fight over the fact that Laurel wants to marry her boyfriend. Suddenly her father apologizes to her and puts his hand over a bible as he starts to drive recklessly. Laurel struggles with her father, finally managing to stop the car, only for them to be struck by a semi. As they lay injured, her father keep tells her he can't let her turn 18. Cut to the present where a young girl walks into a bathroom to find her mother on the floor praying. She begs her daughter Molly to pray with her until the young woman finally cedes. As they kneel there praying, her mother raises a pair of scissors. However, before the scissors meet Molly's body, she wakes up. Over breakfast, Molly discusses her new prep school and her mother's absence with her father. At school, Molly meets with the new principle and learns she will have an appointment with the counselor. The camera focuses on her records to show that they are sealed. Molly is shown to her new classes by Alexis, a very religious girl there on scholarship, and meets some of the other students. During lunch Molly begins to hear things and runs to the bathroom where she suffers a nosebleed. She starts hearing noises and begins to have a panic attack. It ends when a girl walks out of the stall saying she can't hide in there forever, she has tried. Molly ends up skipping her counselor session and walks around outside school. Joseph Young, one of the other students she met earlier, finds her and offers a ride but she turns him down. At home over dinner, Molly is pretty morose. She and her father discuss their day. Molly explains to her father that she is worried about her mother's capability to get out of the psychiatric hospital. She excuses herself to go do homework. During the night she has another nightmare about her mother trying to kill her. Later on, in class the students receive bibles because they are reading Paradise Lost and the teacher wants them to better understand the story. Alexis, who has her own bible with her, argues with the teacher over using the bible as a text. Molly's nose starts bleeding again suddenly and the teacher excuses her so that she can go take of the issue. In the bathroom she has another attack and is found by Alexis who has brought her a shirt. Molly has a session with a counselor. They discuss her mother's condition and how her mother stabbed her. Molly isn't really into the session and leaves, but not before the counselor gives her a card with her number. As she leaves, she notices the same girl that was in the bathroom, was now waiting for her own session with the counselor. Later on in the Library, Joseph finds her reading about her mother's mental state and offers her a ride again, which she accepts. As they are walking in the halls Molly's father shows and up and wants to know what is wrong. Molly walks outside where, in her father's car she finds a visitors pass for the hospital where her mother is kept. Later that night as she is getting ready for bed, she hears the water running in the bathroom. She goes to turn it off and the door suddenly slams shut and locks. She panics and screams out calling for her father. However the door remains steadfastly shut, because neither of them can open it. She passes out. Molly wakes up in the hospital to be told that they found a tumor in her nasal cavity near her brain, which could explain her symptoms. Later on Alexis visits her, asking her if she has been saved and mentions a relative who is a nurse. She gives Molly a teen devotional bible, which Molly shoves in a drawer. Back at school Joseph corners her and asks her to attend a party. After he walks away, a girl named Susie gives her hard time, till Leah butts in and breaks it up. Leah decides to join Molly at the party. Molly tells her father she is going to a study group and might be home late. She is told to keep her phone on her. Leah picks her up and drives her during which Molly and Leah share their stories. Once at the party they separate and Molly goes to hang and dance with Joseph. As he leaves to deal with a problem, Susie picks a fight with Molly, which ends with Molly breaking her arm. Leah refuses to leave the party and drive her home, so Molly hops the gate and walks home. When Molly's cell phone starts malfunctioning, she stops a payphone and calls her father. Molly starts seeing her mother who keeps telling her she knows what she is. Molly runs from her only to see her disappear. Molly's father arrives to pick her up and take her home. Later on Molly tries to apologize to Susie but she won't accept it. Suzie tells Molly she 'knows who she is'. Joseph arrives and tries to find out what is wrong but Molly runs off. At home she calls her father and tries to relax. However, the moment she starts to calm down, her mother shows up again this time with a blade. She tells Molly that she died the day she was born and that someone came forth and offered to bring her back. Having lost children before, her parents agreed on the condition that Molly belonged to them once she turned 18. They fight through the house. In defense, Molly shoves her away and her mother is thrown over the stairs to her death. Her father arrives and tries to tell Molly what her mother said isn't true. Molly hits him over the head and runs off. She ends up at a Christian center where Alexis works. Molly begs Alexis for help saying she doesn't have much time left, because she turns 18 the next day. Alexis takes her to a church to be baptized. During the baptism, Alexis tells her that a relative told her Molly's story and she tries to drown her. In the struggle Alexis hits her head and drowns. Leah shows up looking for Molly, but only finds her father there. Molly runs off and runs into Joseph who offers to take her away. At his house while wafting, Molly tries to call her counselor but can't reach her. She goes inside and finds Joseph waiting with a birthday cake and a knife. Molly keeps begging to leave. Her counselor shows up saying she didn't get the message Molly left for her. She finds out then that the counselor is the one who offered Molly's parents the deal. The counselor says that soon Molly will have great power and that she is 'the one'. Molly says she doesn't want the power. When her counselor offers her deal, Molly 's father is brought into the room. Molly is handed the knife and given a chance to kill her father for the deal she was offered. As the clock strikes midnight, Molly stabs herself instead. However, because she did it before the chimes finished tolling, she is spared. Later, Molly at a mental hospital talking to a doctor about her father's condition. Molly doesn't want anything to do with him. At her graduation she gives the valedictorian speech and leaves with Joseph in a car. The counselor wishes her good luck when they drive off.
tt0482374
Drama,Horror,Thriller
A young British couple encounters a charismatic American with ulterior motives while traveling through the Australian Outback.
tt0772168
Drama,Family
This story begins with Stanley Phillips (John Cusack) sitting as the only man in a talking circle support group for spouses of military personnel deployed overseas. The next morning Stanley is notified that his soldier wife has died in Iraq, and he is initially stunned. He has no idea how to break this terrible news to the couple's two little girls. When they arrive home from their elementary school, they are surprised to find Stanley there already (he should still be at his sales clerk job). His elder daughter Heidi, 12 (Shelan O'Keefe) brings in a casserole someone from their close-knit community already has left on the Phillipses front steps, but Stanley forbids his daughters from eating it. Not yet willing to help them face the awful truth, Stanley realizes they must make tracks ASAP if he's to shield them from it for awhile. Piling them into the family SUV, he takes them to dinner at a local entertainment & kid's food complex, but yanks them back into the vehicle just minutes after the girls have settled into the arcade. Driving away from town, Stanley asks them what they'd like to do--if they could do anything--and younger daughter Dawn, 8 (Gracie Bednarczyk) blurts out "let's go to Enchanted Gardens" (=Cyprus Gardens, FL). Heidi objects that she has a homework report on her mom due the next day, but Stanley picks up on Dawn's whim and heads for Florida. After the girls are asleep, he stops at a rest area and leaves the first of several "updates" on his own home answering machine for his dead wife Grace (Katie Honaker), whose voice still greets callers. Over the next three days Stanley catches a nap in his boyhood home, and manages to prevent his anti-war brother John (Alessandro Nivola) from breaking the bad news to the girls. Heidi sneaks a call to her school another afternoon as Stanley is sleeping to arrange for the E-mailing of her homework, but the sympathetic school secretary assumes the girls are home grieving normally, and does not explicitly acknowledge Grace's death. As the Philips family trio finally enters Enchanted Gardens, Heidi seems to sense the truth. (After all, Stanley not only has taken a mysterious "sabbatical" from work, but he's also "turfed" a random farmer's field and allowed both girls to pierce their ears--though the family minimum age for this had been 13). Following a long day on the amusement rides, Stanley drives away with two tired girls, only to swerve off the highway onto the gulf beach a few miles away. Sitting them near the surf to watch the setting sun, he finally tells them their mother--Grace--is gone. Two quick final scenes show Heidi delivering her school report about Grace as her mother's eulogy in the church, and then the surviving family trio gathered in front of Grace Phillip's headstone in the cemetery.
tt0360130
Drama,Thriller
Chris (Jamie Bell of Billy Elliot) is a volatile teen who lives with his father, John (Dermot Mulroney), and his little brother, Tim (Devon Alan). After the death of Chris' mother, his reclusive father moved the family to a shack in backwoods Georgia, where they raise hogs. Tim has an unusual eating disorder. He is constantly making himself sick by eating things like dirt and paint. One day, John's estranged brother, Deel (Josh Lucas), gets out of prison and shows up on the farm. John is less than thrilled to see him, but agrees to let him stay with the family as long as Deel helps him look after his boys. Chris is drawn to his wild-man uncle, but it soon becomes clear that Deel has more on his mind than a family reunion. Greed and years of resentment lead to violence, and Chris finds himself on the run, towing his sickly brother along, with Deel in pursuit.
tt0413015
Comedy,Drama,Music
Mrs Laura Henderson (Judi Dench) has just become a widow. After the funeral, her friend Lady Conway (Thelma Barlow) advises her to do some things, for example having a lover or doing lady-like activities like financing a home for single mothers. None of these work for Mrs Henderson. One days, she asks her chauffer to drive her around London. After returning from a visit to her only sons tomb in a British Army cemetery in French soil, she decides to buy a dereclict theatre. She hires English stage director Vivian Van Damm (Bob Hoskins). He's about to leave because she was unforgivable late and she was rude to him. However this, Mrs Henderson is determined to hire him. The remodelation of the theatre begins, with plenty of disagreement between financer and director: the name of the girl chorus, the kind of show... They finally decide to do some vodeville farce, casting the popular actor Bertie (Will Young). They are successful, but all theatres copy-cat them, so in no time they are losing money. Mrs Henderson has the brilliant idea of creating a nude show à la Moulin-Rouge. They start casting. There is also the problem of finding the right leading girls. They finally travel around the country looking for the right girl without success. Returning home utterly frustrated, Van Damm and Bertie throw a biker girl to a river. Bertie jumps in to rescue her and Van Damm realises he's found his star. This countrygirl has been helping her father in his chemist's, so she wants to do something different. They start rehearsing without having the Lord Chamberlains permission signed, and they know they may not get it. Mrs Henderson knows Lord Cromer (Christopher Guest) in person, from the times when they both lived in India. They had lost contact since Mrs Henderson decided to stay in the UK after her late husbands pass away. She bullies him a little, and his secretary (Michael Culkin) opposes the idea strongly. Finally, Lord Cromer says he'll give or refuse his permission after the premiére. He also tells her that nude girls must not move, as if they were paintings in a museum. Rehearsals go on. The girls Frances (Rosalind Halstead), Vera (Sarah Solemani), Peggy (Natalia Tena) are upset when they have to go nude. The director tries to convince them, but it's Bertie who finally solves the stituation suggesting that all males present go nude as well. They finally do it, and Mrs Henderson and Van Damm's secretary find them in that way. They stand utterly confused. The night of the premiére everything runs according to plan, and Lord Cromer goes to talk to the girls and gets red in the face. He signs the permit. However, Mrs Henderson and Van Damm have a terrible row, as she was very rude to Van Damm's wife (Patti Love). She has just realised that he is married, and that she's fallen in love with him. However, Vivan won't put up with Mrs Henderson's moods, and tells her that if she ever dares to do something like that again, he will leave her and her theatre for good. Time goes by and WW2 begins. During the Blitz, the Windmill theatre is the only one open, because performances are given in the underground. Many soldiers go there, and some of these soldiers go out with the girls. Only Maureen wants to stay a spinster. However, Mrs Henderson introduces Maureen to a shy soldier. They go out, and a little after he goes to the trenches, she discovers she's pregnant. By then, the shy soldier has told Maureen by letter that he will come back to his town after the war to her girlfriend. Maureen tells Mr Van Damm that she quits and why. She is so distraught that she goes out for some fresh air and a cup of tea. However, when Bertie tells Mr Van Damm that they can't go out because the siren alarms have gone off a little time before, it's too late. A bomb kills Maureen. Van Damm is so angry that he blames Mrs Henderson, forbidding her to come back to the theatre. Lady Conway advises her friend to come back to the theatre through the back door, or disguised. Van Damm is still angry, but show must go on. The reconciliation will arrive when the Lord Chamberlain insists on closing the theatre, because if a bomb falls there, too many soldiers would die, as many soldiers wait outside for the girls. Mrs Henderson makes a speech talking about his son's death, when she found a French vignette with a nude girl hidden in his bedroom. At that moment the alarm bells start ringing again, and everybody, even Lord Cromer, go down to the theatre. Shows go on and on, everychanging. They become patriotic and more political, and Eric Woodburn (Thomas Allen) makes a special appearance. Mrs Henderson and Mr Van Damm will dance together in the rooftop, something which he had advised her not to do. On stage, the nude girls move a little, breaking the Lord Chamberlain's prohibitions.
tt0472071
Drama,History,Romance
Times are tough for theatrical performer Mary McGarvie (Catherine Zeta-Jones) for in her psychic stage act that she performs in Edinburgh with her daughter Benji (Saoirse Ronan) for all the scamming they do to secure the necessary information to put one over on their audiences, the theatres close and the two are left to live in the caretaker's house in a cemetery. When Mary discovers that the great Harry Houdini (Guy Pearce) is touring the Scottish Iles and will do a show in Edinburgh she is interested in meeting him, especially since the great magician has advertised that he will give $10,000 dollars to the person who can connect to the spiritual world. Houdini has spent the last few years uncovering all the fake mentalist he has met to communicate with his dead mother. He is carrying guilt at not being present when his mother died and when he meets Mary at an audition he his struck by how much she looks like his departed mom. Mary and Benji spend many days with Houdini and his manager Mr. Sugarman (Timothy Spall) trying to discover personal facts that they can use to convincingly present some séance for the great Houdini, but Mary and Harry fall in love and the emotional connection changes between them.
tt0332658
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Lehiff (Colin Farrell) is smooth-talking an attractive shop assistant (Kerry Condon) talking about love. Suddenly, his tone changes. He hits her and steals some money from the till. John (Cillian Murphy) splits up with Deirdre (Kelly Macdonald) but later he repents and says he only wanted to put her to the test. Soon she goes out with an older man. John has a dead-end job at a supermarket, and the audience can see he dislikes his boss, Mr Henderson (Owen Roe). Jerry Lynch (Colm Meany) is a tough cop who threatens Lehiff and pees on him. Jerry is going to be the protagonist of a documentary about his job. Sam (Michael McElhatton) also leaves Noeleen (Deirdre O'Kane) because he has just started a relationship with Deirdre. Soon afterwards, Sally (Shirley Henderson) and her mother meet Sam and Deirdre as a couple, but Sally completely rejects them and says so aloud, leaving the three of them speechless. Danny the bus driver, (Donagh Deeney) gets distracted because of the conversation between Sally and her mother on the bus. They get off the bus and five seconds after, the bus gets wrecked. Danny is suspended from his job, although he alleges that a boy threw a stone at the front mirror and that it wasn't his fault. Management doesn't believe him. Oscar (David Wilmot) goes to a sex shop to ask for some porn videos - questioning the manager (Tom Murphy) in a good-for-laughs scene and then jerking off in the privacy of his home. John pukes in front of Mr Henderson on purpose. He gives him the last notice: either he changes or he'll be sacked. Oscar and John go to a disco for older people. Noeleen and John seem to hit it off, the same as Oscar and Maura (Ger Ryan), who is Sally's mother. Oscar and Maura's relationship goes well, especially on the sexual side at the beginning. She likes hitting him a bit in the heat of passion. However, Oscar breaks up with her because she hits him. Danny speaks to Lehiff, who suffered a car accident in a stolen car because a boy had thrown a stone at him while he was driving. Lehiff proposes a bank robbery, and they also tell John. John tells Oscar, who wants to have nothing to do with it. They argue on the supermarket shop floor, so Mr Henderson dismisses John for good. Sally and Maura are interviewed because of the bus accident and the boy throws an egg at Maura's head and another at the camera. Sally feels ugly, until she and Oscar hit it off. Masked and armed, John, Lehiff and Danny break into Deirdre's home while she's with Sam. Sam is going to give John and Danny the money while Lehiff stays at Deirdre's with her as a hostage. Sam and Deirdre agree, but everything turns out badly when crazy Noeleen appears and beats Sam up. The police appear to stop the quarrelling couple and John and Danny run away. On the way to Deirdre's, Danny tells John to let him out. He has seen red-hooded biker boy Philip (Taylor Molloy), the boy who threw a stone at the bus. John runs to Deirdre, and sees she's been hit by Lehiff, so John and Lehiff also fight and Lehiff has to leave. Lehiff goes to meet the boy, Jerry, his journalist friend and the cameraman who is following him everywhere, and Danny in his car following Philip. Danny teeters on the edge of a sunken canal due to Philip. Lehiff shoots Jerry, and the journalist who has followed him everywhere kills Lehiff. Jerry is well, and tells his friend not to release the original film, as all's well which ends well. Lehiff is dead, and Danny has a wheelchair race at the pub. Sally and Oscar are together, and John and Deirdre make amends. Mr Henderson takes a holiday. He's obsessed with John's lack of acknowledgement of his managerial role. Philip appears once again, throws a stone at him while driving causing another road accident. Noeleen and John also reconcile, but she is much more domineering, - she won't put up with any nonsense from him any more.
tt0446687
Comedy,Drama
Ben Marshall (Rupert Grint), a seventeen-and-a-half year old boy, was struggling to become a young man. Although living in what appeared to be a strong Christian household, Ben was urging to break away from his overpowering mother and a push-over father. Ben, a struggling poet, finds a housekeeping job for a retired actress named Evie (Julie Walters). Ben, who comes from a house of constant fighting, is very sad when he meets Evie. Despite his unhappiness, Ben opens up his heart and becomes close to Evie, making her feel cheerful after the longest time of being unhappy from horrors in her past. Not only does Ben housekeep for Evie, he also accompanies her on other events like camping trips where they spend time quoting plays with one another and just plain having fun. It doesn't take long for Evie to realize that she needs Ben in every aspect in her life, and he needs Evie, too, and in the end, Evie helps Ben become the man he wants to be.
tt0494222
Comedy,Romance
Love blossoms for Lily over the double Meaty Boy burgers at mid-day when uber-computer nerd comes in and leaves with free extra large fries. After gatecrashing Jarrod's party and proving her skills on the console kicking butt, Lily goes down to Jarrod's home town so he can settle an old score with a past school bully. Jarrod goes into training helped by the fiancee of his dead brother, so Lily turns to his family for company and comfort, who warm to her after a frosty start. Lily reconciles father and son, and uncovers the true fate of the dead brother. Jarrod meets his nemesis and goes on to recognise and declare his love for Lily, having shunned Lily throughout the film.
tt1049405
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Priya Sethi (Shriya Saran) indulges her infatuation with American culture by working nights (while Americans are at work, on the other side of the world) at the Citi One Bank Card call center in Mumbai, India. Speaking in a perfect American English accent, she tells her customers her name is Jennifer David and a native of San Francisco. Her conservative father Rajeev is unhappy that she is so eager to forsake her own culture for another, but will be pleased when she goes through with her arranged marriage to wealthy but childishly dull Vikram. Priya, posing as Jennifer David, happens to call the handsome and charming Granger Woodruff (Jesse Metcalfe) to help him with the fraudulent charges on his credit card. Priya and Granger have an instant connection over the phone. Unable to suppress the intrigue their easy chemistry offers, Priya agrees to meet Granger in San Francisco. When Priya goes to the meeting place, he doesn't recognize her. As she is attempting to check out of the hotel, they stumble into each other and finally meet. They immediately hit it off and he invites her out to dinner. Priya and Granger's relationship blossoms as they share a wonderfully romantic date the following day. They tour the City by the Bay by cable car, sample some especially spicy curry (much to his chagrin), and nearly -- but not quite -- kiss with the Golden Gate Bridge as a backdrop. Improbably, unthinkably, they are falling in love. However, Priya's family has arrived to bring their wayward daughter home a la Coming to America and elude the shame of her escapades. Granger struggles with himself mentally for having abandoned Jennifer David for Priya instead, but still doesn't know that the Priya and Jennifer are the same person. Meanwhile, both lovers wonder if they just might be too different for their love to actually be possible. Eventually, Priya and Granger are found out by her parents and he learns that Priya is actually Jennifer David, and also that she is engaged to Vikram. He is angry that she deceived him, and painfully decides to cut their ties. All of Priya's family is happy for the relationship to have ended, except for her 80 year-old Aunt who advises her that life is too short to live to make only others happy. Priya goes to Granger's hotel to fight for their love but is shattered when she finds his previous girlfriend in the hotel room with him. She is extremely upset that he could forget about her so easily, and he lets her leave and walk out of his life as if forever. Back in India, Priya can't bring herself to accept a lackluster life with Vikram. As she stuggles to gently disengage without hurting her family, announcing to her betrothed's family that she must develop as a person, her once-future father in law calls her a rude name. Amazingly, her father forcefully stands up for her, points out that whenever she enters a room, people smile, and that he loves her. Granger, too, feels something is missing. While giving the traditional Best Man's Toast at a wedding, he quotes the groom, his childhood best friend: "Don't let anything stand between you and your future." Shocked speechless before finishing the toast, he realizes what he may still be able to save. He rushes to the airport, furiously calling the bank in Mumbai with the help of a brainy, native New Yorker (and Hindi-speaking) cab driver. Priya has thrown herself back into her work, accepting a promotion to help her coworkers become as effective as she is channeling American attitudes and accent. Just as she is counseling a young man to control his emotions to better serve the bank and its customers, Granger strides into Priya's call center and cautiously declares his devotion. With a hundred eyes on the couple, a coworker coaxes, "Kiss him! Kiss him!" They kiss for the first time to the cheers of her crew. After her shift, as morning breaks, the apprehensive couple finds her family enjoying an open-air breakfast in their sun-dappled garden. Granger bravely attempts to win the approval of Priya's father by promising to honor her and her culture in phonetic but crude Hindi. "You are hurting my ears. Speak English, boy!" orders Father. Granger formally repeats his commitment to respect and care for her. Father thinks it over for a few moments as the family watches him intently, and he graciously accepts the young man, welcoming him to breakfast.
tt0907848
Drama,Romance
The coming of age story of a seventeen year-old girl who has a super power. Dakota Skye has the ability to see through any lie that is told to her. The combination of knowing the truth behind every lie throughout her life and the fact that she is seventeen has lead to her become bitter and apathetic. When Jonah, her boyfriend's best friend from New York, comes into town and doesn't lie, it shakes up her world and causes her to re-examine her own life. Dakota Skye (Eileen April Boylan, South of Nowhere) has a super power. For as long as she can remember, she has been cursed with the ability to see the truth in any lie she hears. Now seventeen, Dakota has become apathetic towards life - until her boyfriend's best friend Jonah (Ian Nelson) arrives and catches her eye... An award-winning, film festival favorite that mixes Juno with a touch of Heroes. [D-Man2010] Dakota Skye (SOUTH OF NOWHEREs Eileen April Boylan) has a superhero talent to match her impressive name: she can tell ... Full Descriptionwhen anyone is lying to her. However, she hates her "gift," and teen apathy is starting to overtake her. The only person who can bring her out of her trouble isnt her boyfriend--its his best friend. [D-Man2010]
tt0496328
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Anna is coming out. But not as gay as a revolutionary. Itty Bitty Titty Committee is a rockin love song to the heady rush of sex, freedom and rebellion that happens when an everyday girl discovers her own strength and the righteous indignation needed to take action and change the world. Our heroine is a shy, just-out-of-high-school lesbian, still living with her parents and working at a plastic surgery clinic. She is depressed because of a recent breakup but lives in a super-loving, gay-is-A-OK kind of family. Her world opens up one night when she catches a one-woman army reclaiming public space for women (i.e., spray painting the clinic where Anna works). A recruiting member of the guerrilla girls-esque Clits in Action (C(i)A), Sadie is trying to make people aware of how bad plastic surgery is for women. With an undeniable attraction to this sexy, raw rebel gurl, Anna eagerly joins the ranks of C(i)A and starts her rollercoaster ride from meek and mousy to bad-ass bravado. Full of mosh pits, power fists and utter charm,
tt0962711
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
In Ghazni Province, Afghanistan, a Special Forces team meets CIA Agent Benjamin Keynes, who explains their mission to find a very important Afghan cleric by the name of Mohammad Aban. The team leader, Wally Hamer sends the men to ready themselves. After being inserted, the team finds a local guide, Abdul, in a village in Southern Afghanistan, where the cleric is from. Together, they set out for the mountains, where the cleric is reputed to be hiding. As they head further into the mountains, they begin to have strange encounters, first with armed gunmen, who simply disappear when shot, later with strange forces. The further they go, the more dangerous it becomes, as the team realises they are looking not for someone, but something that may not be of this world.
tt0783767
Drama,Romance
Edwardian England. Precocious girl from poor background with aspirations to being a novelist finds herself swept to fame and fortune when her tasteless romances hit the best seller lists (if such things existed at the time!). Her life changes in unexpected ways when she encounters an aristocratic brother and sister, both of whom have cultural ambitions, and both of whom fall in love with her.
tt0418586
Comedy,Drama,Romance
'The Cake Eaters' is a quirky, small town, ensemble drama that explores the lives of two interconnected families coming to terms with love in the face of loss. Living in rural America, The Kimbrough family is a normally odd bunch; Easy, the patriarch and local butcher, is grieving over the recent loss of his wife, Ceci, while hiding a secret ongoing affair for years; Beagle, his youngest son who was left to care for his ailing mother, works in the local high school cafeteria by day but has a burning passion inside that manifests itself through painting street signs; and the eldest son, Guy, has been away from the family for years while pursuing his rock star dream in the big city until the day he learns of his mother's passing and that he's missed the funeral. Upon Guy's return home, relationships between the characters begin to unravel; Beagle's pent up emotions connect with Georgia Kaminski, a terminally ill teenage girl wanting to experience love before it's too late; Easy's long time affair with Marg, Georgia's eccentric grandmother, is finally exposed to the Kimbrough children; and Guy discovers that, in his absence, his high school sweetheart, Stephanie, has moved on and started a family of her own. Through it all, The Kimbroughs and Kaminski's manage to establish a new beginning in the face of their greatest fears.
tt0314431
Comedy,Romance
Colin Ware (played by Colin Firth) arrives in the most hopeful sounding town he can find to forget his old life. Hotel managers: Joanie Fisher (Mary Steenburgen) and Mr. Fisher (Frank Collison, also seen in Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?) are worried about the despondent guest, and ask therapist, Mandy (played by Heather Graham) to come talk to him. The two young people soon become enraptured with one another. Colin's ex-fiance (and reason for his despondency), played by Minnie Driver arrives and tries unsuccessfully to get the hotel managers to tell her where he is staying. Complications ensue when Driver convinces Graham that she is still part of Colin's life. Colin must take drastic action, and enlists the help of the mayor, Doug Reed (Oliver Platt).
tt0106452
Horror,Sci-Fi
Marti Malone (Gabrielle Anwar) is a teenager alienated from her newly remarried father, an agent from the Environmental Protection Agency (Terry Kinney) and her new stepmother (Meg Tilly), and her 10-year-old brother Andy. Marti's father has been assigned to this remote military base on an assignment to check for contaminates which may be the cause of a recent outburst of mass hysteria on the base. Before arriving, the family stops at a rural gas station where Marti encounters a wild-eyed serviceman who tells her that "they are everywhere." When Marti runs to tell her father, the serviceman is gone. Upon arrival, Marti attempts to fit in with her new enviroment, hanging around with the base commander's rebellious daughter, and by flirting with a handsome attack helicopter pilot, Tim Young (Wirth). While examining a soil specimen, Marti's father is approached by a man named Major Collins (Forrest Whitaker), who asks him about psychological effects particularly narcophobia (the fear of sleep), saying that many people on the base are now frightened of sleep and are paranoid and suspicious. Marti's father doesn't take the Major very seriously. He is forced to take it seriously, however after extremely high levels of toxicity and mutant plant life are discovered on the base. That night, Marti Malone's step-brother approaches his sleeping mother, but she crumbles to dust as her soulless and egotistical pod double exits from the closet. Donning a nightgown, the pod-woman engages in an attempt to convince her husband that the pod invasion is a good thing, claiming it will cause the death of confusion and anger. She also claims that there's no place at all to go, as the invasion is not an isolated incident. He is almost shocked and saddened into compliance, but Marti and her step-brother arrive and drag her father out the door. His pod-wife dashes to the door and emits a shrill and mechanical scream that alerts her comrades to the danger of a human being. For the rest of the movie, Marti and her father and Andy are chased across the base by the taken over soldiers and civilians on the base, where they encounter a few remaining humans who join them and are also are chased by the pods. Searchlights go on, and the pod clones swarm over the base. Hiding Marti and Andy in a warehouse filled with barrels of poisonous waste, Marti's father promises to find help. He sneaks up to the window of Major Collins' office and enters by smashing a window. Inside, he finds the hysterical Major attempting to call for help, but gets blocked on the other end of the line by the bureaucratic pod-people. At first, he suspects Marti's father of being a pod-man, but when he realizes he isn't, he explains while wolfing down sleep-prevention pills that it is too late for running; all they can do is fight. Their conversation is interrupted by the arrival of the fearsome pod-people, led by the base commander. Marti's father hides. Instead of shooting all of the pod-people with his gun, the Major allows them to try to convince him that the individual is never important, and that only mindlessness and heartlessness can solve problems. He shoots himself rather than live in such a world. Marti's father returns to Marti and Andy, and asks them to follow him, claiming to have found a way out. They drive aimlessly through the military base, as loudspeakers shout out instructions for spreading the invasion by carrying out pods in trucks. Frightened by all this, Marti asks her father where exactly they're going. He never gives her a straight answer, instead replying. "I know what I'm doing. Don't worry...I know exactly what I'm doing." Realizing that her father was "podded" while he was away, she swerves the car to the side and tries to escape with her brother, but her father tries to keep her in the van. Adding to all this is the helicopter pilot, Tim Young, who still hasn't figured out what has been going on, stepping onto the scene, and Marti takes his gun and shoots her pod-father dead. The pilot is horrified to see him shrink into a mass of seething and bloody goo. Marti, Tim, and Andy hide out in a nearby hanger where Tim tells them that it's too dangerous to be spotted in the open, so he'll go alone. As soon as he goes in, he is approached by the Pod-people, and pretends to be a pod-man, and although the pod-people suspect strongly that he's a human, they can't find any evidence and let him go. While he's starting up the helicopter, several of the pod-people approach Marti and Andy. Tim sees this from the air and follows them to a building on the base where humans are being duplicated. Tim lands the helicopter and enters the building to look for Marti, and finds her, nearly taken over by her pod clone on the bed next to her. Tim manages to revive her before the transformation is complete. Marti and Tim leave the building, pretending to be emotionless so they can get to Tim's helicopter to escape. However, they are spotted and confronted by the commander's daughter, whom gets suspicious and tells Marti that she saw Andy somewhere, and when Marti reacts, the game is up. Marti and Tim are forced to run to the helicopter and are joined at the last minute by Andy who runs up to them. However after taking off, Any attacks Tim, and Marti is forced to throw her taken-over brother out of the helicopter to his death on the ground far below. At dawn, Marti and Tim return to the military base and attack with with rockets and bombs from the helicopter's armaments, and destroy the pod-making facility and most of the pods and their clones with it. The final scene has Marti and Tim flying away in their helicopter and landing at a military base near the city of Atlanta where the ending of the film is an ambiguous one, quoting Marti's infected stepmother earlier in the film, suggesting that the phenomenon has already spread far beyond the army base, and nowhere, or nobody, is really safe: "Where are you gonna go, where are you gonna run, where are you gonna hide? Nowhere... 'cause there's no one like you left." The End
tt0205873
Comedy,Drama,History
Parkes (Australia), has a huge dish in the middle of a sheep paddock. It will transmit the first landing of humanity on the Moon, and the famous Neil Armstrong's moonwalk. They will be the ones broadcasting the moonwalk to a world audience which will remain the highest for many years to come. Cliff Buxton (Sam Neill) goes back to the satellite station and remembers it all. He was the chief scientifical supervisor, but then NASA took over. Not all employees accept that, and some of them are quite rude to NASA's representative and chielf operations director. The Mayor of the town of Parkes, Bob McIntyre (Roy Billing) acknowledges that this is the moment for him and his town to perform a great deed. Australian Prime Minister (Bille Brown) arrives, with a full gathering of people among which is American Ambassador (John McMartin), who insists on seeing the premises himself. Back at the station, Rudi (Tayler Kane) is one of the funniest characters. He's given a gun, becuase NASA demanded armed security, but when his sister Janine (Eliza Szonert) appears, and notices it, he begs her "not to tell mum, or she will come to take it from me." Janine is constantly providing home-made food for the dish's personnel, because she has a love interest in one of the mathematicians who work there. He is very shy, though, and it takes him a lot of time, mocking and coaxing from his workmates to ask her for a date. Rudi keeps changing the names of the areas within the complex "A, B, C...". The McIntyres prepare themselves for their outstanding visitors, However, the eldest daughter Marie (Lenka Kripac) is constantly making rude remarks, the son Billy (Carl Snell) knows about the technical data about the landing and tries to explain them to his father - who can never fully grasp it-, and the wife May (Genevieve Mooy) is worried most of all about her dressing. Another fun moment is when she asks her husband to choose among two dresses, one blue and another one lemon-coloured. McIntyre keeps on saying that it is a yellow dress, and May corrects him saying it's "lemon". When McIntyre introduces his wife to the ambassador, he is so nervous that he introduces his wife saying "she's the lemon". There are two main events at the station: 1- One of the employees does not charge enough fuel to one of the power stations. There is a sudden blackout and the station computers lose all data, so the staff at the complex loses all communication with Apollo 11's crew, because they cannot pinpoint the dish towards the rocket. However, nobody wants to admit their mistake to the NASA, in fear that they will leave them out of the broadcasting team. Finally, they find the location just in time. 2- One of the reasons why Parkes was chosen was its perfectly stable weather. However, all of a sudden, a gale starts. Nobody expected such strong winds in Australia, - least of all the weather forecasters - but neither the dish nor the station had been designed to stand them. They decide to take their chances at broadcasting, because Armstrong has overruled a programmed sleep and has decided to go out of the rocket sooner than expected. If Parkes does not broadcast it, nobody will see it. The wind gets so strong, that the station crew is afraid that all the structure could collapse with them inside the building. However, they finally do it. Cliff remembers his late wife, who had suppported him through the years and dedicates his success to her memory. Back to the present time, a white-haired Cliff Buxton is told-off by more efficiente security guard who doesn't recognise him. He tells them that visitors are only permitted through the main gate. Cliff says that it doesn't matter, and leaves the premises whitout more ado.
tt0296166
Comedy,Drama
Coming of Age story of a first generation Latina Ana García (America Ferrera) who struggles to balance her family's culture where she is expected to work in her sister's dress warehouse, find a husband, and have children while forgetting her dreams of a college education. However, one of her high-school teachers tries to convince her parents to give her an opportunity and send her to a university. Her mother Carmen (Lupe Ontiveros) refuses point blank. She alleges that her other sister, Estela (Ingrid Oliu), is a spinster and she'll never marry, so it's Ana's task to give her grandchildren. Ana starts working at Estela's dress factory. First, she doesn't make much of an effort. The work is hard, but Estela is nice to all her employees, especially Pancha and Rosali (Soledad St Hilaire and Lourdes Pérez), which are good, fun, hard-working ladies. Ana is in charge of ironing the dresses and putting them onto hangers after they had already been made. She sweats a lot so she decides to take off her t-shirt and work in her bra and snickers. Almost all the workers follow suit in a hilarious moment, while Carmen almost loses it. Ana realizes that Estela sells her dresses to the department store for little compensation while the department store sells it for a much higher price. It comes a moment when the new collection is not finished, and Estela cannot afford to pay the rent of her factory. They talk to their business contact of the department store, Mrs. Glass (Marlene Forte) who refuses to give them some of the payment in advance. Mrs. Glass is a business woman of Latin origin who offered the job to Estela's factory to help her out in the first place, but has to be tough if she wants to succeed herself. Ana then asks her father (Jorge Cervera Jr) for the money, saying that she never knew Estela worked so hard. Ana's has a high-school love interest who seems to be attached to her even when school is over, Jimmy (Brian Sites). Fearing that her mother would disapprove, Ana hides her relationship with Jimmy. Ana's grandfather (Felipe de Alba) agrees to help her. They are supposed to go for a stroll together, but when they turn the corner, each goes separate ways. Ana goes to meet with Jimmy. Estela finally finishes her collection and sells it to Mrs Glass on time. She is then able to repay the loan. She also makes a special dress for Ana: a red party-dress. Ana and Jimmy meet several times, and they look very much in love. Ana and Jimmy kiss, and on another occasion they have sex together. After a seemingly strong relationship, Ana is not attached to Jimmy, and so it ends there. Ana decides to give her final step towards independence: she receives a grant to Columbia University in New York. She tells her family when she makes the decision to go, but this time, to Ana's surprise, her father supports her. Her mother gets in a frenzy of hers, blaming the saints, and when Ana moves out, locks herself in her own room, refusing to give Ana her blessing. Ana's father takes her to the airport in his old truck. Ana leaves sadly, looking back at her house. This marks Ana's refusal to comply with her supposed role in the Latino culture as a submissive woman. At this point, Jimmy is the least of her priorities. The rest of the family says goodbye to her, and Estela agrees with Ana's decision. In the last scene, Ana walks down a New York avenue on her own. Time has passed, and Ana confidently struts down the street.
tt0216651
Animation,Action,Fantasy
The story takes place 12000 years in the distant future, a future where nuclear war took place, and from the ashes of the Earths remains vampires emerged as a dominant race. Taking the title of Nobles, they enslaved the remnants of humanity and ruled over them with the aid of special magical technology and a race of inhuman creatures. But over time, they slipped into decadence and decau and humanity won their freedom. The film begins with a young maiden, Charlotte Elbourne, being abducted by the Noble Meier Link. Her family calls upon two famous bounty hunters to get her back (preferably alive, but dead if shes been changed into a vampire). One is the Marcus Brothers, the most brutal family of bounty hunters. The other is D, a dhampir (a half-human half-vampire being) who has taken to hunting vampires, who keeps a magical talking parasite in his left hand and bears a stoic demeanor. D meets the Marcus Brothers: the brutal leader Borgoff, the knife-wielding Kyle, the hulking hammer-swinger Nolt, the psychic Grove (though his abilities have left him mortally weak) and their adopted stepsister Leila. While the Marcuses have a head start, Ds Left Hand is able to magically track down Meier to a resting house (however, Borgoff schemes to let D do all the work and get the girl from him afterwards). Meiers carriage sets off with Charlotte inside; D fights Meier but halts when Charlotte calls out to Meier. Leila appears close behind but is injured in the fight; D tends to her wound, and in disgust she snarls at him. Meiers carriage is tracked to the Barbarois, a community of monstrous beings that have served vampires since time immemorial. D enters, and discovers that three guardians have been paid to guard Meier: a shadow-being called Benge, a werewolf named Mashira and a woman named Charlotte who can use her hair like tentacles and absorb elements. Benge uses his ability to surreptitiously kill Nolt, but he manages to warn his brothers before dying; consequently Grove uses his psyche to enter Barbarois and annihilate as many Barbarois as possible. Meiers carriage leaves Barbarois and a pursuing D strikes down Groves spirit, but Benge uses his power to temporarily trap D inside a shadow. The Marcus brothers take off after the carriage, but soon their tank is incapacitated by Caroline. Benge stays behind to deal with them, but thanks to Nolts final warning they are able to kill him. But they still need to get fuel for their tank, so Kyle and Leila head to a nearby town. They find D is also in town, so Leila turns the townsfolk against him to get him out of their hair. But one of them unexpectedly stands up with a gun to defend D, saying D saved his life as a child and hes returning the favour. At a stop, Charlotte steps out to enjoy the sunlight. D meets her and questions her. He learns that shes in love with Meier, and that shed rather die than return home. This revelation disgusts and enrages Leila, who swiftly captures her; however Mashira and Caroline were keeping watch nearby, and attack. Mashira gets Charlotte away, while Caroline engages D and Leila. D manages to stop Caroline temporarily before he is overcome by heat syndrome (as a half-human half-vampire he can endure the sunlight, but every now and then it gets too strong and he must bury himself for a time). Leila helps him bury himself in return for having assisted her, but has to deal with a regenerated Caroline. Fortunately a storm begins, and a lightning bolt strikes Caroline and electrocutes her, ending her permanently. During the storm, Leila has to seek shelter in the same place as D. Although she is harsh towards him, the rain eventually softens her. She shares a bit of her past: her father was killed trying to rescue her mother from being abducted by a vampire, who was turned (and later stoned to death by members of her own village). Filled with rage towards all vampires, she joined the Marcus Brothers to kill them all; shes resigned to this as the only life she will ever have. D, as a dhampir, is a kindhearted soul who is resigned to never having a normal humans life; but he reminds Leila that his fate is sealed, unlike hers. They both make a pact, that whichever of them dies first will have the other put flowers on their grave. As the rain stops, they go back to business rivalry and take off on their separate ways. Borgoff and Kyle work out that Meier is headed for the Castle of Chaythe, a fearsome place avoided by humans and vampires alike. However, to get there the carriage has to cross a bridge, which is where they set up an ambush: they place bombs under the bridge and with this force the carriage to a stop. Mashira seemingly bails out, leaving Meier and Charlotte unprotected. Kyle forces her out, but Meier steps out into the sunlight to save her, burning himself terribly. Charlotte breaks free and runs to save Meier, to the surprise of Borgoff and Kyle (and Leila, who witnesses the bridge from afar); the two of them decide to just let Charlotte die and then kill Meier, since they get paid for her return either dead or alive. But before they do anything, Mashira kills Kyle and cuts out Borgoffs eye; hed gotten away to remove the bombs from underneath the bridge. The surviving Marcuses and D continue the pursuit of Meier and Charlotte, though now its for personal reasons: Borgoff and Leila want to avenge their fallen brethren, and D wants to prevent the possible conception of another dhampir. Mashira stays behind to stall D, and Meier and Charlotte finally reach the Castle. There they greet Carmilla, and their purpose is revealed: aeons ago vampires used to travel into space in rocket ships, to distant worlds. Meier and Charlotte desire this ship to head to the legendary City of Night and Stars, where they can be together without resistance from anyone. However, Carmilla has her own plans. She creates an illusion of D and Charlotte to slice Meiers head in half, a mirage of Nolt and Kyle to trick Borgoff into becoming her vampire servant, a hallucination of a newly-orphaned Leila to throw her off track, and a vision of Meier to lure Charlotte to her tomb to feast on her blood. Borgoff attacks Leila and D, but Grove uses up his last strength to use his spirit to destroy Borgoff. D, unfazed by whatever apparitions Carmilla shows him, makes his way into her tomb, where she has drank enough blood to take on a corporeal body. She causes Ds vampire instincts to surface and he is almost overcome, but Meier puts himself back together in time for the two to team up, and eventually Carmillas body is destroyed and her spirit swallowed by Left Hand. However, it is too late for Charlotte, who was drained of blood beyond recovery. She and Meier have one last moment of love before she passes away. Meier decides to carry on his journey with Charlotte by his side, but D proposes to take her body back to her family. The two fight, but eventually D settles for taking Charlottes ring as proof of her death. Meier and Charlotte leave in the rocket ship, with D and Leila watching. Leila has been inspired by the dream the two lovers had: having lost her family a second time and seeing that vampires can love just as humans can, she decides to start a new life, a life away from hatred and vengeance. The film ends many decades later, as a family holds a funeral for their beloved matriarch Leila. Her granddaughter sees D watching from a distance, and comes to invite him home (times have changed since, as vampires or at least only D are held in better regard). He declines, saying he only came to keep a pact with an old friend, but says hes glad she was able to make a life and family for herself. He gives the girl a thankful smile, before he rides away...
tt0099731
Drama,Romance,Sci-Fi
The film opens on a view of a desolate snow covered mountain scape with the words "Once upon a time in the recent future a country went wrong. The country was called The Republic of Gilead." A woman (Natasha Richardson), her husband, and their child (Blair Struble) are driving up the mountains in their car towards the border of the Republic of Gilead. They approach the border on foot as they get nearer, but are spotted by guards from the Republic before they can cross. Kate's husband is shot while trying to distract the guards so his family can escape, and she is captured and separated from her daughter. The scene cuts to a city street, where women (including Kate) are being unloaded from a back of a large truck and herded into a building. Other trucks are unloading as well, although some are full of men or black people (note: the term African American is not entirely appropriate in this context as this is not "America"). The people are organized by race, gender, and among white women, their fertility. As the women's fertility results are read aloud, one "negative" women protests and is forcefully carried away. The infertile women are forced into a large truck with the original label "livestock" crossed out and "116 female" written over top. As the truck pulls away presumably headed for the colonies, the women's arms can be seen waving for help through the slats. A group of blacks attempt to escape but are stopped and led away. The fertile women are met by Aunt Lydia, (Victoria Tennant) one of the "rulers" of the Handmaids, per say, and board a bus headed for the Red Center. The windows are painted over, but Kate can see women wearing face masks and gloves shoveling dirt and rocks (presumably contaminated) along the route through a scratch in the paint. The woman Kate sits next to, Moira (Elizabeth McGovern) asks her how long she was "in", but Kate replies she doesn't know. Kate and Moira briefly exchange reasons why they were imprisoned and we learn that Moria is lesbian, an offense which could mean being sent to the colonies, but as Moira puts it "They don't send you to the colonies if your ovaries are still jumping." The bus stops at a convent, where several nuns are forced to board as they plea with the guards that they "can't make me break my vows." At the Red Center, 3 bodies hang from the wall for crimes unexplained: one handmaid and two men. Inside the Center (which is really a converted school), the fertile women are preparing for bed in the old gymnasium by singing a hymn ending with the words "leave us empty to be filled." The women pray for God to make them fruitful, and one of the women resists by throwing her cot at one of the Aunts. She is dragged from the room screaming while the rest of the women continue the prayer. Once in bed, the women are constantly watched by cameras and patrolling Aunts. They quietly whisper their names and Kate has a flashback to the last time she saw her daughter. The next morning at breakfast the women are given a cup of pills, but Moira encourages Kate to dump the pills down her sleeve rather than take them. Later, they are banded with metal bracelets with a bar code on them. The women are given "history" lessons of their country. Aunt Lydia explains that the air was too full of chemicals and as a result only 1% of women can still bear children and those who choose not to were "lazy women, sluts". The next scene is night in the gym again, and two aunts approach the cot of a woman and escort her out. The following morning at breakfast, her screams are heard as she is led into the dining hall. Kate sees that her feet have been badly beaten (in the book it was explained that this beating was done with metal cables). Aunt Lydia says that she "hate(s) to punish her, but she abused her body." It is implied that this women masturbated, because Aunt Lydia explains that "men can't help it, but we are different. We have self control." Kate is riding in the back of a car with Aunt Lydia through the city to a potential Handmaid assignment. Aunt Lydia explains that Kate should not think of herself as equal to a Wife and it would be a great honor if she is chosen. A truck full of blacks drives past, offering a Holocaust-like scene of the rounding-up of "filthy" people. Kate is introduced to Serena Joy (Fey Dunaway) who explains the relationship between Wives and Handmaids. Serena tells Kate that she has to truly want to have a baby in order for the situation to work and that they "could help each other." Back at the Red Center, the women engage in a cruel pseudo-therapy session. Aunt Lydia asks Janine (Traci Lind) to explain why the past was horrible. Janine recounts a story of how she was gang raped at a party at the age of 14 and had an abortion as a result. The women gasp in shock/ horror at the thought of an abortion and Janine explains that "it wasn't my fault, my mother wouldn't let me have the baby." It is evident that the women have already been at least partially brainwashed to believing the Republic of Gildead's philosophy on pregnancy and abortion. The Aunts ask the group of women who's fault it really was, and who led the boys on to which they respond "her fault!" and "she did!". Those few in the group who are not already adamant in assigning blame to Janine (including Kate and Moira) are prodded until they agree. At the end of the session Janine breaks down into tears and says she "didn't mean to do it" and that she "deserves the pain." Kate observes that she's "going crazy" and Moira says they're "in a loony bin." Kate and Moira meet in the bathroom, where Moira reveals she has a plan to escape by pretending to be sick and bribing the ambulance attendants with sexual favors. Kate and the other women receive their official Handmaid clothing: red dresses with black socks and a red veil. While they are dressing, Janine believes she is back in her old life as a waitress and keeps asking if anyone would like coffee. It isn't until Moira physically slaps her that she realizes where she actually is. At the church, the Handmaids stand while the Wives sit. The clergy man tell the Handmaids that they are going out to "fulfill their lives for the greater glory of God." He recounts the "widespread folly of womenkind" including "sexual promiscuity, widespread abortion, birth control, test tube babies, and genetic engineering" Moira turns around to look at Kate, then collapses to the floor, apparently unconscious. As the Handmaid's are covered with their red veils, the clergy man says "the Old Testament shall be our sole and only constitution." Here Kate has another flashback to the moment her husband was shot. In the car on the way to her placement, Kate makes eye contact with the Commander's driver, Nick (Aidan Quinn), though she is not supposed to look at other men. At the house, Kate is shown her room, and Serena explains that Kate's new name is Offred (Fred is the name of the Commander (Robert Duvall), so her name is "of Fred") In the room, the lower plates of window glass have been painted over, and the mirror in the bathroom is as well. Once again, Kate sees her daughter searching for her in the snow at the border. Kate and Serena watch the news while waiting of the Commander to come home. The news explains how the war is going, and that fertile women are the Republic's "most precious resource." The news anchor says "we are weeding our the traitors. We are weeding out the Godless. We are winning God's fight." The Commander arrives and performs the ceremony with Serena and Kate/Offred. He reads from the book of Genesis chapter 30. It is here that the true purpose of Handmaids is revealed; husbands have sex with them in an attempt to conceive where they could not with their own wives. Kate lies on a bed between Serena's legs while the Commander has sex with her. (The idea being that a husband is not being unfaithful to his wife if she is present) The actual sex is emotionless for the Commander, painful for Kate, and emotionally difficult for Serena. Once back in her room, Kate strips off her clothing and splashes water on herself in the bathroom. She climbs on a chair so that she can see out of the un-painted part of the window. Nick, who lives in the carriage house across the way, sees her naked body in the window and warns her to "get out of there." Kate goes shopping of the household with Ofglen who lives nearby. The food is purchased with ration cards, and Ofglen is excited to see oranges at the store. Apparently getting food from California and Florida is difficult due to rebel interference. On the street, a Wife and her pregnant Handmaid Ofwarren (formally known as Janine) are applauded. One night Kate finds it difficult to sleep and goes downstairs, where she find a pair of scissors in Serena's knitting basket. Just as she picks them up, Nick comes into the room. The two begin to kiss earnestly, but then Nick tell her that she is supposed to go to the Commander's office the next night and abruptly leaves. The next morning, Kate passes Nick as he is washing the car. He greets her pleasantly, but she doesn't say anything to her. Kate asks Ofglen what happened to the previous Offred, but Ofglen never met her. The Commander asks Serena how Kate is working out, and tells her that he wants her to be happy. That night, Nick escorts Kate to the study, where surprisingly the Commander explains that he only wants to get to know her better by playing Scrabble. It is revealed that Kate was a librarian in the time when women were still allowed to work. The Commander then says that he'll be gone for a week in which time Kate will return to the Red Center. Serena says she could find out what happened to Kate's daughter, under the implication that Kate successfully conceive. On the drive back to the Red Center, Kate and Nick make eye contact in the review mirror again. Kate is examined to see if she's pregnant and the doctor suggests that the Commander is sterile and offers his help to get her to conceive. It is also revealed that the ceremonies haven't been occurring during the time when Kate is most likely to get pregnant. She is told that she has one more month before she is up for reassessment. In the gym, Janine talks about her pregnancy (she is now called Ofwarren). Kate sees Moira, who's plan to escape didn't work. That night, Moira tells Aunt Lydia that one of the toilets is overflowing and she overpowers Aunt Lydia while Kate helps her steal her clothes and bind, gag, and blindfold her. Moira ties Aunt Lydia to a toilet puts on her clothing, and walks away. Aunt Lydia never actually saw Kate, so she isn't blamed for the kidnapping. Back at the Commander's house, Kate beats Fred at cards and he gives her Vogue and Cosmopolitan magazines. Kate is confused as to why the Commander has them, seeing as they're banned, but he says that he's "mature" enough as to not be "confused" by them. Kate asks him for lotion for her hands, and he agrees. At the next ceremony, the Commander acts affectionate towards Kate, leading Serena to be suspicious. Kate later pleads with the Commander not to put her in danger, but he doesn't seem to care for her situation even though they've been spending time together. The Commander reveals that the last Handmaid couldn't conceive so she hung herself. Serena suggests that Kate try to have a baby with Nick. Kate goes to Nick's room above the carriage house that night, and they joke about how she's "come to do her duty for the fatherland." Nick kisses her and carries her to the bed where they undress each other and have, for lack of better words, far more passionate sex than the sex in the ceremony. Meanwhile, Serena watches an old video of herself singing on a television program. Kate tells Nick her real name (he only knew her as Offred). The next morning, Kate is in a happy mood for once. She greets the maid Rita (Lucile McIntyre) with "Good morning" and says "it's a beautiful day" rather than with an accepted Gilead greeting, as though having a normal (by our current society's standards) sexual encounter made her question other aspects in her new life. Her good mood is dimmed however, when she learns that her daughter is alive and well, but that she can never see her. That night, she goes to visit Nick and explains that she doesn't know what to do about her daughter, and he attempts to console her. Ofwarren is going into labor, so the birth mobile comes to take Kate and the rest of the Handmaid's to the birthing ceremony. At the ceremony, a band plays and the wives dance while the Handmaids do breathing exercises with Ofwarren. The wives talk rudely about the Handmaids, calling them tramps, and hoping the birth will hurry up because they "haven't got all night." Kate sees a group of young girls about her daughter's age and reveals to Ofglen that her daughter is "living with people like these." While Ofwarren gives birth, the Wife is sitting next to her and when the baby comes, the Wife hold Ofwarren down so that she can't see the baby. The Wife walks out of the birthing room with the baby while Ofwarren is left alone. Kate helps console her, as Ofwarren is clearly upset. Ofglen tells Kate that she isn't alone, and to study the Commander in order to find out more about him. Kate asks the Commander why he does what does, and he says that the country was in a mess because all the "garbage had risen to the top, blacks, homo, people on welfare, women. We had to clean it up because nobody knew how to feel anymore." The next scene is a "salvaging". A group of Handmaids get off a bus looking excited and walk towards a field in front of a church. The Wives and maids are there as well. A scaffold is across fro the church and the handmaids kneel next to a rope leading up to the scaffold. Aunt Lydia explains that the Handmaid on the scaffold has been found guilty of seduction and fornication with a member of the medical staff. A bag and then the noose is placed over the woman's neck and the Handmaid's pull on the rope, effectively killing her. The Wives and maids sitting in the bleachers nearby give a standing ovation. Aunt Lydia commands the Handmaids to form a circle and a badly beaten man is brought onto the field. Aunt Lydia explains that he raped the Handmaid, and the Handmaids become animal-like and literally tear the man apart. Neither Kate nor Ofglen take part, and Ofglen explains that the man was actually a political member of the rebel group. Ofwarren/ Janine walks by with blood on her face carrying a piece of the man's scalp. She has reverted to her waitress past once again, and tells the women to "Have a nice day." Ofglen reveals that she too is part of the political group and that Kate may be called on to kill the Commander. One night, the Commander gives Kate an old-time dress (seductive rather than religious) and a boa. He takes her to a club of sorts, where there is banned music and women dressed in far more seductive outfits than Kate's. The Commander orders drinks for Kate and himself (alcohol is supposed to banned as well). He says the women used to be professionals and that they chose to work as prostitutes rather than "the alternatives." Kate sees Moira and the two meet in the bathroom. Moira explains that she got caught at the border trying to escape and that she was given the choice of going to the colonies or working at the "club". She tries to pass it off that she doesn't find it there; free drugs, free booze, having sex with other women again, but Kate notices that Moira's left had is prosthetic. Moira explains that she was "worked over a little bit" and reminds Kate of Gilead's theory that women don't need their hands or feet. The Commander tells Kate that she's better as a "lucky ducky than a dead ducky." Then he takes Kate to a room where they have sex. Back at the house, Nick is mad with Kate for going with the Commander, but she explains that she didn't really have a choice. Kate tells him that she's pregnant with his child and begs him to run away with her, but he doesn't give her a straight answer. In her room, Kate finds a note that says "10 pm tomorrow" along with the switch blade, presumably from Ofglen. The next morning she finds that Ofglen has been replaced and she's not sure how to kill the Commander. Serena confronts Kate about the previous night because she finds the boa that Kate wore to the club. Kate knows Serena could have her sent to the colonies so she decides to go through with the plan of killing the Commander. Kate goes down to the Commander's study and begs him to help her, but he claims it's out of his hands. When he tries to kiss her, Kate slits his throat with the switch blade. As the Commander bleeds to death, Kate runs upstairs to her room but a van full of armed guards comes to the house. They escort Kate downstairs, but meet Serena in the hallway. She is slightly suspicious that they are they because she says she didn't call for them. Nick implies that Kate has killed the Commander and hauls her out of the house. In the van, he explains that the "guards" and he are actually part of Mayday, a rebel group. Nick removes Kate's tracking bracelet and tells her that the men will take her to a safe place. She wants him to come with her, but he says he has to stay. The scene cuts to a news broadcast, which explains that a 24 hour curfew is in effect and that door to door searches are being done to find the assassin (Kate). Several months later we see a very pregnant Kate living in a trailer in the mountains. Her voice over ends the movie "I don't know if this is the end for me or a new beginning but I'm safe here in the mountains held by the rebels. They bring me food and sometimes a message from Nick. And so I wait. I wait for my baby to be born into a different world. I still dream about Jill. About them telling her I don't exist. Or that I never existed. But I know we're going to find her. She will remember me."
tt0116953
Comedy,Crime,Drama
By appearing first in a bathrobe, Vick the gangster boss, is aping the headlines of that era. We were seeing a Mafia chieftain in New York City appearing for his court appearances in a bathrobe, trying to cop a plea by appearing insane. Richard Dreyfuss and a herd of aging actors make this a fascinating study for what happens when actors go over the hill. The exception to the rule is Ellen Barkin, playing a sexy, really hot gangster's moll to Jeff Goldblum's professional hitman. With the name of Holliday, Jeff gives us a great clue to the action as murder draw-downs follow murder draw-downs. Definitely a quixotic movie with no moral, whatsoever but fun to see.
tt0129023
Thriller,Drama
A comfortably wealthy lawyer and his trophy wife speed through the rain in their Mercedes, intent on getting to the ferry on time to make their planned dinner date, bickering pointlessly over their lateness and the risky driving. Suddenly they spot a person collapsing by the side of the road and reluctantly pull over. The person turns out to be a young drifter who, when roused, resists all suggestions that the police be called or that he see a doctor or visit a hospital. Giving the young man a ride, they reach the ferry dock too late, and take a room for the night, while the young man goes on his way with a handout of cash from the sympathetic wife, despite the cynicism of the husband. The wife begins to seduce her husband, but he is distracted by having forgotten the food at the dock, and she gives up. The next day they catch the ferry, oblivious to the fact that the young man is also aboard. They then navigate their runabout to the wife's inherited vacation home, where their pastoral lunch seems marred by an underlying tension. Venturing out in their sailboat, they encounter a fog bank and run aground on Seal Rock. The wife is surprised by the same young man, who the husband knocks unconscious with a tree limb mistakenly believing she is in danger. When the boy comes to, he explains how he was carried off by the ferry while asleep, and happened to run aground on the island when trying to return on a boat he "borrowed". With his help, the couple get their sailboat unstranded and return to the vacation house with the young man where they warm up by the fire and, exhausted, go to sleep. The wife awakes in the night and goes to speak with the drifter on the couch near the fire; he acts on the sexual tension between them and, although she rejects his advances, the husband appears wielding an axe; at which point the wife awakens, still in bed with her husband. The next day the couple awake to discover that the drifter has made them a magnificent breakfast, in gratitude. As they eat, the wife happily reminisces about her romantic youth as a student at Yale; when the boy asks for a ride back to the ferry terminal in the runabout, the husband comes out of his funk to demand jovially that the boy stay for a dinner prepared by the husband, the wife to judge whether it or the boy's breakfast was the better meal. The three lounge around for a morning which is both relaxing and tense; when the husband goes off to play golf, the wife awakens the boy napping in the boathouse, and the two engage in aimlessly childish play before the wife takes him into the woods to pick wild mushrooms, on which she was schooled by her father before he committed suicide. She demonstrates to the young man the subtle difference between two similar mushrooms; the deadly amanita rubenica and the amanita muscaria, an aphrodisiac. In reality this time, the boy acts on the sexual attraction between them, using his sleight of hand skills to tease her with the amanita muscaria, but is rebuffed by the wife. The husband returns home feeling ill, but rouses himself to set up the promised dinner, then take the boy back to the ferry; however the powerboat engine dies and they return to the house. The next day, the longstanding tensions between the couple and the new rivalry between the two men over the wife finally erupt into an argument between the couple, which suddenly turns into the husband chasing the drifter out of the house into the woods. After he abandons the chase, the wife finds the drifter and finally succumbs to his advances, as he continues yesterday's seduction by teasing her with the amanita muscaria mushroom in an erotic fashion. The scene abruptly shifts to the burial of the wife, as the reverend says she committed suicide for unknown reasons. The husband returns to the vacation home, where he meets the young man again; and it becomes clear that the two are lovers who have apparently done away with the wife, presumably by the boy using his prestidigitation to feed her the deadly amanita rubenica instead of the aphrodisiac species.
tt0286947
Comedy,Crime
The initial scene is a small, remote-controlled biplane zooming around. The plane lands on what seems to be a deserted street in front of a young boy who seems happy to have made a successful flight. Just as the plane comes to a complete standstill a motorcycle with 2 riders aboard runs over it and smashes it to pieces. The camera follows the motorcycle thru town and you see the driver is a young girl, Schmally, dropping her boyfriend Doleman off in front of Desert Trust Bank. Doleman enters the bank, which is full of policemen, and asks for Rick. When Doleman says he's supposed to start work today, Monday, Rick informs him they've been robbed and he won't be needed. The movie flashes back to the previous Friday. Rick, the bank manager, is sitting in a diner booth with Sheila, one of the tellers from the bank. He's breaking up with her. Two firemen are sitting behind them having a conversation about how to get rid of hiccups. The one with hiccups tells his buddy to scare him to get rid of them and he'll pay him 20 dollars. About that time Sheila jumps up, gets in his face yelling for a few seconds then abruptly calms down and says "Your hiccups are gone, you owe me 20 bucks." She then turns to Rick, punches him in the face and storms out of the diner. Mark, one of the firemen, follows her out, walking with her and talking a lot and eventually writing his number on her hand and telling her to call him if she wants to talk about her troubles. The scene then shifts to Rick telling Woods, another one of the tellers, that he has been promoted to assistant manager. This scene evidently happened a short time before, not told exactly when. Woods is narrating this scene and he states that he soon realized he'd been given a lot more scut-work and responsibility with only a minimal raise. Then it cuts to a scene with Stu, the third teller, and his buddy Max. They are having a discussion about schemes to make money. Stu points out to Max that his plans usually have very little chance for success because he doesn't think them through very well. They arrive at a fast-food restaurant and through the exchange with the worker we realize Max is usually broke and bumming money from Stu constantly. The scene then cuts to Stu and Max coming into a house where Shmally, Doleman and another guy are playing Dungeons and Dragons. Doleman tells a tale about getting fired from a lame job at an ice cream parlor and Max suggests he apply for a job at the bank. Stu tells him to go the corporate office on Sunday for an interview but Doleman doesn't seem very interested. We also learn that Schmally plays dream sequences in her head where she become a Xena the Warrior Princess-like character and takes harmless (scaring but not hurting) vengeance on people that are being mean to her or Doleman. The scene shifts to Woods' home in the desert where he lives with a goose named George. Woods is again narrrating and tells the story of how he rescued George from the hunter who killed George's mother, a man named Mr Merchant who is a customer at Desert Trust Bank. Woods tells us that Mr Merchant comes to the bank on a regular basis to access his safety deposit box. Woods knows Mr Merchant is rich because he brags about it on an infomercial where he sells his 'get-rich-with-real-estate' plan, so Woods suspects the safety deposit box is full of money. He also knows the key to the box is kept in a secret compartment on Merchant's Pomeranian's collar. Woods indicates that he plans to steal the key and rob Merchant's box as a means of avenging George's mother and of getting back at Rick for being a crummy boss. The scene shifts to Sheila working out at home that same Friday night. There is no narration but we see that Sheila has also come up with some sort of plan but exactly what isn't clear yet. Still on Friday, the scene shifts again to Stu and Max talking . Stu feels bad about trashing Max's ideas so he shares with Max his 'crazy' scheme about robbing the bank on Saturday, taking the money to Vegas that night to 'bet it all on black'. If he wins, he returns the money Monday, if he loses he just disappears. Although Stu only told Max this as a means of showing that he has crazy ideas that would never work too, Max latches onto it like it's the best idea he's ever heard. They discuss it some more and eventually Stu warms up to the plan and agrees that they will do it the next day, Saturday. On Saturday while helping Schmally at her retail clothing job, Doleman makes a decision that he will stop being a slacker and start trying to make something of himself so he buys a dress shirt and other clothes for the bank job interview the next day. Late in the day Saturday at the bank Rick follows his normal routine of leaving for a short break to the diner across the street. During that time we see Sheila get a copy of Rick's key to the ATM machines. Although Stu is incredibly nervous and tries to back out of their plan Max convinces him to go through with it. Just before the bank closes for the day situations fall into place that allow Stu to empty the mini-vault, which contains over a quarter million dollars, into the backpack and Max walks out with it. They head for Vegas when Stu gets off work. That night, Saturday evening, we see Woods break into Merchants home to get his deposit box key. Woods is very inept and ends up hiding in a pantry closet in Merchants home til late in the evening. Late that same night Schmally and Doleman go to Merchants house and throw eggs at it. Merchant comes out with a gun and begins chasing them as they leave on the motorcycle. While they are doing that it allows Woods to escape but not before he finds the deposit box key outside where it fell from the dogs collar. Schmally wrecks the bike and runs away, Doleman is knocked unconscious and is left lying in the desert. Still on Saturday night, Sheila is on a date with Mark the fireman and they end up in front of the bank. She tells him she's decided to rob the bank because they've been robbed before and if it happens again Rick would be fired. Mark tries to discourage her and is getting ready to take her home but just at that moment Schmally runs up trying to get them to help her get away from Merchant, who is chasing her on foot and periodically taking shots at her with a shotgun. Merchant scares Sheila and Mark by firing at the truck & they let themselves into the bank to hide while Schmally runs off in another direction. Merchant loses interest in chasing anyone and goes home, Schmally gets away and Sheila and Mark fall asleep hiding in the bank after Sheila resets the alarm. On Sunday Woods shows up to the bank and goes to the vault and proceeds to empty the large amount of cash from Merchants deposit box into his satchel. He didn't notice Mark and Sheila asleep under a table so he leaves and resets the alarm. Then they wake up and empty the ATM machines and leave. The bank has now been robbed 3 different ways by 3 different people, all independent of one another. Sunday morning Doleman wakes up in the desert, walks the motorcycle back to the house, cleans up and goes to the bank's corporate office where he gets hired and is told to show up for work the next day. Meantime we see Max and Stu experiencing the high-roller lifestyle in Vegas. Max is having a blast but Stu can't enjoy anything since he's still not sure if they can get away with what they did. He tells Max he's going to take it all back and not do the bet like they planned. Max, being a good buddy, tells him it's his choice and he supports him either way. Shortly after that Stu decides to place the bet after all. They win and double the quarter-million. On Monday Stu arrives a little late to work and almost faints when he sees all the cops. Rick tells him they've been robbed and asks him to count the min-vault, which was Stu's plan all along since that is normally his job. This allows him to put the money he stole back. About the time he finishes doing that we see Doleman come into the bank, bringing us back to where the movie started. Doleman is very upset that his plan to be less of a slacker came to nothing and immediately takes off his necktie and tosses it into a trashcan outside the bank. Rick then receives a phone call informing him he's been fired but first he has to find another manager. He proceeds to call Woods, Sheila and Stu in one at a time and tell them they are the new manager and they all laugh and tell him "No thanks, I quit." Then we see Rick run outside where Doleman is still hanging around and tells him he's been hired. Closing credits start while showing scenes with captions telling us how everyone is faring after the robbery.
