tt0094824
Comedy,Sport
Kate Hartounian (Jessica Lundy) is the teenage daughter of a wealthy and widowed real estate developer of Armenian and Jewish descent. Eager to improve her lot in life, she makes friends with Miffy Young (Chynna Phillips), a snooty WASP girl, who encourages her and her father to join their country club. Kate and her father, Jack (Jackie Mason), apply for membership at Bushwood Country Club... club from the first movie. Jack is a self-made millionaire, yet remains self-effacing, friendly and generous despite his wealth. His crude personality foils him on many occasions. However, one member, a widow named Elizabeth Pearce (Dyan Cannon), shows a liking to him. When the current members meet Jack, who builds low-income housing in more upscale neighborhoods, his application to join is rejected. The rejection is borne out of his oafish personality and an earlier confrontation with Bushwood's snobbish president (and Miffy's father) Chandler Young's (Robert Stack) wife. Cynthia Young (Dina Merrill) had tried unsuccessfully to persuade Jack to build his housing complex away from her neighborhood, but her less-than-subtle snobbery leads Jack to chase Cynthia with a bulldozer. It's actions like these that build a divide between Jack and Kate. Meanwhile, Ty Webb (Chevy Chase) returns, this time as the club's majority share owner, and while he admires Jack, he prefers to stay out of the way Jack's business and of the club's day-to-day operations. The elitist members of Bushwood reject Jack's membership application and pull strings to suspend his housing operation. In retaliation, Jack buys the majority stock to Bushwood from Ty and turns it into an amusement park. Chandler, incensed at the thought of a mere "nouveau-riche" individual getting the better of him, hires Captain Tom Everett (Dan Aykroyd) (who code-names Chandler Mrs. Esterhaus), a shell-shocked mercenary operating out of a lunch wagon, to "discourage" Jack from building any more structures on Bushwood property. The bumbling Everett decides to use explosive golf balls to do this. Meanwhile, Chandler uses his lawyers and connections to shut down Jack's housing construction site. Webb suggests that the dispute should be resolved like gentlemen, by facing each other in a golf match. If Chandler wins, Jack loses his construction site and the country club, and if Jack wins, he keeps the Bushwood and the housing project. At the climatic golf match, despite Jack's poor performance early in the match, with luck he ties the match before the final hole. However, during the hole, Jack is faced with a 50-foot putt, while Chandler faces a simple 2 foot putt. Using advice given to him by Webb before the match, Jack manages to use spiritual chanting and the adage "be the ball" to sink the nearly impossible putt. Chandler needs to sink the easy 2 foot putt to tie the match. Meanwhile, Everett, who foolishly shoots himself in the buttocks with a poison dart, fails to eliminate Jack as a gopher (the same mischievous gopher from the first film) steals his explosive ball. The mischievous gopher replaces Chandler's ball with the explosive ball, and as his family encouragingly crowds around him as he taps in his final swing, the ball bursts and Jack wins the match. Though Kate is embarrassed by her father's actions, she is still loyal to him, as evidenced when she commiserates to Miffy, who suggests that she change her last name from Hartounian to Hart. Bewildered at the thought of turning her back on her family name, Kate turns her back on Miffy and makes up with her father. Also, Jack finally asks Elizabeth out on a date, and she accepts.
tt0077588
Horror,Sci-Fi
The movie opens with a scene on the beach with bikini clad women everywhere. A U.S. agent, Pete Sandza (Kirk Douglas) is watching the beach as it is suddenly attacked by Islamist terrorists. His son Robin is watching as his dad gets armed and fires back. Thinking his father was killed in an explosion, the son is taken away. Later, on a different beach, more women are walking around in bikinis. Two of them are students studying as a strange older man name Raymond follows them. Gillian is psychic like Robin is and knows the follower's name. He goes to a phone booth and calls Pete, who is interested in finding more psychics. Some operatives have Pete's phone tapped and move in on the hotel where he is hiding. Sensing the pursuit, Pete jumps out the window and escapes. Pete lands in an apartment and gets some new clothes before he moves on. As Gillian's powers are tested, she starts to see disturbing images of a stranger's death. Disguised as an old man, Pete walks the streets to continue searching for his son. Pete is soon made and goes on the run. Three cars are after him, and when he escapes (in riveting fashion), they report back to Childress, Pete's nemesis. Gillian is coming apart meanwhile, as her newly discovered powers are scaring her. She goes to see Doctor McKeever (Charles Durning) at an institution where she will stay a few weeks. Meanwhile Pete connects with an old flame ( Hester) who worked at Gillian's old school. Though he is after information, the romance rekindles. Then Pete's girl visits Gillian and befriends her again. Then Gillian has a vision of the doctor shoving Pete's son Robin out the window. She freaks out and runs, and then the doctor realizes what she is. He schedules more tests for the next day as Gillian rests. The next day, Childress visits the doctor because he is trying to harness every psychic's powers that he can. He is in charge of a military project that uses psychics, and that is why he uses this doctor. He wants Gillian, to take her to where he has Robin hidden. She is feeling more and more connected to Robin. During the tests, Gillian flips out again, accidentally using her power to crush the doctor's assistant, and Gillian runs as the woman bleeds to death. Gillian escapes the hospital with Pete and Hester's help. Though Pete wasted several of his men while getting Gillian, and Hester was accidentally killed, Childress is hot on their trail. He threatens the Dr. McKeever if he can't find her. Now her powers are making her quite valuable to both Childress and Pete. The doctor no longer wants to help Childress because of how he kidnapped Robin. Meanwhile, Robin is having anger problems, and his rage is making his powers stronger by the day. Pete and Gillian are on the run and as they get to know each other they talk about Robin. When she leads Pete to Robin, Pete tries to send Gillian to Seattle , so she will be safe. She insists on coming because Pete is the only one she trusts and she wants to help him find Robin. Inside the compound where he is held prisoner, Robin's rage is getting worse. But now he and Gillian sense each other's presence. Robin knows that she is psychic and thinks is there to replace him. He fears that Childress's people are going to kill him so Gillian can take his place. After Robin starts to use his power to kill, Pete and Gillian are capture by Childress's men. Pete goes upstairs and finds Robin, who has gone insane. He attacks Pete and flies out through the window. Pete tries to save him but fails. As Robin dies in Gillian's arms he gives her his power. Pete sees that he is dead and lets himself fall to the ground next to his son. The next day, Childress explains things to Gillian as she wakes up. Suddenly, Gillian refuses to be his soldier and the movie ends with Childress exploding into bits.
tt0089826
Comedy
In this third Porky's film, now set several months after the events in the previous two films, in early 1955 in the fictional South Florida beach town of Angel Beach. In the opening scene, Pee Wee has a dream during graduation where he is naked under his graduation robe, and it falls off during the commencement for everyone to see. During the semi-final basketball game for Angel Beach High, the cheerleaders promise them an orgy if they win. The boys do so. After the game, they are led to one of the girls' homes, and everyone strips down to their underwear and jumps in a swimming pool. In the pool, the girls throw their underwear out. The boys do likewise, and swim toward the girls. Soon, but too late, they realize the girls are clothed after all and wind up parading nude before the clothed girls and a home movie camera. Porky now owns a riverboat with a casino and strip club. According to Brian, Porky is extorting money from Coach Goodenough because he owes money to him. The gang decide to go to the boat to take pictures of the illegal casino to give to the local D.A. During this time, Meat runs into Porky's sex-crazed daughter, Blossom, who forces herself on him. The boys' plan fails because Porky catches them in the act and is about to kill them. But when they mention the State Championship game, he realizes that they could help him out by throwing the game so he can bet against them. Meanwhile, Meat has a problem with cutting up dead animals in biology class. The gang goes to Miss Webster's apartment to get a copy of the final exam. They discover her and Mr. Dobish, the School Guidance Counselor, having rather kinky extramarital relations. The following night, Pee Wee, Tommy and the gang take photos of Miss Webster and Mr. Dobish through the apartment window. A letter is written to Ms. Coach Balbricker arranging a rendezvous at a motel with an old boyfriend of hers, while Pee Wee is enticed to the same motel room by the promise of a night of passion with a beautiful Swedish exchange student. Tommy tricks Pee Wee into going to another location while he heads to the motel room. Ms. Balbricker arrives first followed by Tommy, and they are horrified to find themselves unclothed and in bed with each other. To make up for their prank on Ms. Balbricker, the gang contacts her old boyfriend and actually gets them together. During the final game, Meat is benched because Miss Webster intentionally failed him. The Angel Beach team is loosing due to Meat not being able to play. Things look more grim when the envelope containing the black-and-white blackmail photos of Miss Webster and Mr. Dobish are misplaced. However, Miss Webster later at half-time discovers the blackmail photos and a note, causing her to change her mind and she phones the Coach to tell them that there has been a mistake and Meat can play in the game.. The second half results in a victory for Angel Beach while Porky is outraged. Blossom tells him that Meat is her boyfriend and they "went all the way", infuriating him even more. He then suggests to his two subordinates that Meat and Blossom be married. During the senior prom, Meat is attacked and abducted by Porky and his men. The gang decide that this is the last straw and go after them. Just as the wedding is about to start aboard Porky's showboat casino, the power goes out and Meat is liberated by Billy and Brian. Meanwhile, Porky's boat is chasing the guys in their rowboat and they are headed for the drawbridge. After the rowboat gets through, Pee Wee lowers the bridge, resulting in the destruction of Porky's boat. At graduation, the guys trick Pee Wee into taking off all his clothes, except the graduation gown. As he's about to get his diploma, Principal Carter steps on the gown, causing it to come off and reveal Pee Wee in his nudity, just as he dreamed at the beginning of the film.
tt0091991
Comedy,Romance
Mark Watson (C. Thomas Howell), a recent college graduate living in Beverly Hills, California, plans to go to law school at Harvard. Mark feels secure that his tuition and other fees for law school will be paid for by his wealthy parents, who had saved money for him. However, during a conversation with his eccentric father (James B. Sikking), he finds out that his parents have reneged and spent the money on a timeshare condominium in the Tropics. In retaliation, Mark hangs his father in effigy, using a Cabbage Patch doll he's dressed up to look like his dad. Mark starts a frantic search for a scholarship program, however, his parent's wealth keeps him from qualifying. He finds one scholarship given to an academically exceptional student from the state of California each year. The only catch is that the student must be African-American to qualify. Mark talks to a friend of his who works as a pharmaceutical technician and obtains experimental tanning pills. Mark exceeds the suggested dosage and darkens his skin to appear black. The ruse works; Mark is able to fool his best friend, Gordon Bloomfield (Arye Gross) (who's also attending Harvard), and the scholarship committee. Mark privately reveals his charade to Gordon while jogging. The astonished Gordon falls off a pier into the ocean. Mark and Gordon arrive in Boston and rent an apartment from an obviously bigoted man named Mr. Dunbar (Leslie Nielson) whose spoiled and outgoing daughter, Whitney (Melora Hardin), will also be living in the same dorm house. She quickly comes on to Mark, saying that she feels the pain of his slave ancestry. She also invites him to her parent's house for dinner which results in an uncomfortable evening for Mark; Whitney's father glares at him thinking he's only looking for a white girlfriend. The rest of the family has their prejudicial opinions of him as well. Mark and Gordon register for classes together, Mark breaking a minor oath with Gordon not to take criminal law - Mark sees that the professor, Mr. Banks (James Earl Jones), is also black and believes he can take advantage of the connection and will coast through the semester. However, Mark finds that Banks' class is much tougher than he thought and that the no-nonsense Banks tells Mark that he does not play favorites, no matter what race they are. Mark also meets a woman named Sarah (Rae Dawn Chong), also a law student and is immediately attracted to her. Sarah comes from a much poorer background than Mark and is working her way through law school. She is also a single mother who has a five-year-old son named George (Jonathan 'Fudge' Leonard) and she sees right through his flirting. Mark gradually wins her over, proving to her that he has the potential to excel academically. One day, while driving through Cambridge, Mark is followed by a policeman, who has blatantly targeted him in a racist manner. Mark follows the traffic laws and controls very carefully until he's forced to swerve from someone opening a car door in front of him; he's immediately pulled over. When the racist white officer asks to see his license, Mark remembers that the photo is of him as a white man and he tells the officer he lost it. He's arrested on the spot and thrown in jail where a group of disgruntled and racist white football fans beat him because their team lost to another team of mostly black players. Mark's incarceration prevents him from writing an important term paper for Professor Banks' class. He races to see Banks who refuses to grant him an extension on the due date. Mark tries to reason with the stolid professor, who seems unmoved by Mark's true story about being held without formal charges and being beat up in jail. Banks grants him a few days to turn in his paper, which finds Mark spending his Thanksgiving vacation completing it. When he reads it, Banks is actually quite impressed. Late in the semester, Mark, while studying with Sarah, finds out from her that she was the other applicant from Southern California for the same scholarship he'd won. Mark is crushed, feeling guilty that he'd stolen her chance to attend Harvard with the grant. Gordon tells Mark to ignore his feelings; if he's exposed, he'll be ruined and be expelled from the college. Mark, en route to tell Sarah the truth, is stopped by Professor Banks who, seeing that Mark's classwork has shown exceptional improvement during the semester, offers him a seat on the university's student judiciary council when the council's only black student had fallen ill and stepped down. The conversation only makes Mark feel guiltier, but he accepts. Mark returns to his apartment and meets Gordon. He tries to tell his roommate about his guilt, but is dismissed. Gordon tells Mark to go into his room where he finds Whitney, mostly undressed and wanting to have sex with him. Mark refuses, knowing that Whitney's father hates him and tries to get her to leave. At that moment, Mark's parents make a surprise visit and Sarah shows up shortly after. Mark frantically tries to juggle talking to all of them but eventually reveals his identity. Sarah storms off, Mark's parents are shocked and Whitney is led off by her father after the superintendent of the building calls him and rats Mark out. Whitney's racist father also hits Mark in the stomach without provocation and the super happily serves him and Gordon eviction papers. After everyone leaves, Mark and Gordon work on a plan to resolve everything. The student judiciary convenes the next day. Gordon goes in ahead of Mark and offers an impassioned defense, saying that Mark feels great remorse for committing fraud and especially for cheating Sarah out of her rightful scholarship. Mark reveals himself to the council and to the astonishment of everyone in the room. Everyone mutters, "no wonder" at seeing Mark's true race. Professor Banks is not amused at all. A little later, Mark meets privately with Banks in his office and tells him that he plans to apologize publicly and in writing to the university, allow his future wages to be garnished to pay back Sarah and also allow a future scholarship to be established in Sarah's name. He also asks that he be allowed to continue to attend law school and that Mark's parents will pay for one year of his education until he finds a job. Professor Banks tells Mark that he's learned something that other white students never could; what it feels like to be black and the subject of prejudice as a minority. Mark claims that he didn't learn such a thing because he could have bowed out at any time. Banks believes Mark has learned a great deal more than he thought. Mark takes up a busboy's job much like the one that Sarah had, working in the university's cafeteria. He overhears a couple of bigoted students telling a racial joke within earshot of Sarah and punches them both, sending them flying. The movie ends with the two of them striking up a friendship again.
tt0077289
Comedy,Drama,Romance
On a flight to Los Angeles, California, British actress Diana Barrie (Maggie Smith) watches herself on the in-flight movie in the role for which she has received an Academy Award nomination. She expresses her nervousness about the upcoming Oscar ceremony to her husband, Sidney Cochran (Michael Caine), as the plane lands. Elsewhere, on a Los Angeles freeway, Dr. Willis Panama (Bill Cosby) and Dr. Chauncey Gump (Richard Pryor), physicians from Chicago, Illinois, vacationing together with their wives Bettina (Sheila Frazer) and Lola (Gloria Gifford), bicker with each other constantly as their rental car first breaks down, then collides with two other vehicles. As Diana and Sidney check into the Beverly Hills Hotel, Hannah Warren (Jane Fonda) paces her room in the hotel while waiting to meet with her ex-husband, Bill Warren (Alan Alda). When he arrives, they note that it has been nine years since they saw each other, then they leave to keep the lunch reservation he made. At the Los Angeles airport, Harry Michaels (Herbert Edelman) picks up his brother, Marvin Michaels (Walter Matthau), who has come to town to attend Harry's son's bar mitzvah. Marvin explains that he and his wife Millie (Elaine May) always fly separately, so she will arrive the next morning. Marvin notices that Harry still ogles and wants to proposition every beautiful woman he sees. Harry drops Marvin off at the Beverly Hills Hotel and they arrange to meet for dinner later. Meanwhile, Hannah and Bill reminisce over lunch and later at his beachfront home. She is an editor for Newsweek magazine in New York City and dating a writer for the Washington Post. He is a former journalist, now working as a screenwriter, and contemplating marrying his girlfriend. Then they discuss the real reason Hannah has flown to Los Angeles: their seventeen-year old daughter, Jenny (Dana Plato), unhappy living with her mother in New York, ran away to stay with her father and wants to spend the next year with him in Los Angeles. Hannah doesn't want her daughter living in southern California but she is nervous about seeing Jenny and getting her to return to New York. Back at the hotel, Diana continues fretting over the likelihood of winning the Academy Award and exchanges witty banter with Sidney. Later, she has a couple of drinks to calm her nerves as she gets dressed for the awards ceremony. As Hannah and Bill return to Hannah's hotel room, Jenny calls and informs her parents that she will abide by whatever decision they make. Hannah announces to Bill that Jenny will return to New York with her. Bill is disappointed but trusts Hannah's instincts. When Hannah expresses how afraid she is of losing Jenny, Bill remarks that he has never seen his ex-wife so vulnerable. Then Hannah says Jenny can stay with Bill in Los Angeles, but only for six months. Hannah watches Jenny drive off with Bill. At the hotel's front desk, the doctors learn there is a reservation for Willis but not for Chauncey. The hotel has no extra rooms because it is Academy Award week. The only thing available is a small single room undergoing repairs. Chauncey agrees to take it. Later, Willis tells Chauncey that he has made a dinner reservation at a Japanese restaurant and booked them a tennis court for a doubles game the next day. While the Gumps struggle to get ready in their tiny room, Chauncey complains about having to eat Japanese food. As Willis and Bettina wait for their friends in the lobby, Willis complains that Chauncey is always late. When the two couples finally gather at the hotel's front door, the doctors argue about who will drive to the restaurant, until Bettina insists she will drive. On the way to the Academy Awards, a nervous Diana begs Sidney to be nice to her and wish her luck. He reminds her how talented she is and gives her a kiss. They exit the limousine and greet the crowd outside the venue. Elsewhere, paramedics arrive at a collision in which a car is on top of the one Bettina is driving. While a policeman questions her, Chauncey insists to the officer that his legs are paralyzed from sitting down at the Japanese restaurant. After the Academy Awards ceremony, Diana observes Sidney speaking with an attractive young man. Drunk, she takes her disappointment about losing the Oscar out on her husband. At the hotel, as Harry drops his brother off after dinner, Harry teases Marvin that "the night is not over yet." Marvin goes to his room and finds that Harry has hired a hooker, Bunny, to entertain him. Later, Chauncey wakes up in the middle of the night, sick from the Japanese food. Lola calls Willis and insists he tend to Chauncey. Willis angrily acquiesces. Back in their hotel room, Diana jealously insists that Sidney was flirting with the young man that she saw him speaking with earlier. Sidney asks her why they cannot lie to each other about the nature of their relationship the same way they lie to everyone else about it. He reminds her that he has never hidden who he is... that he is homosexual. Diana asks why Sidney doesn't love her anymore. He insists he never stopped loving her. She says his kind of love doesn't do her any good, then begs him to "screw" her before immediately apologizing. She loves him but she doesn't understand why he stays with her when he could share the company of other gay men exclusively. He explains he enjoys his proximity to her minor celebrity and tells her he loves her more than any woman he's ever known. They acknowledge they have fun together, then share a kiss. She comes to bed and they make love. The next morning, Marvin wakes up to find himself in bed with Bunny. He tries to get her up and out of the room but she has passed out after drinking a bottle of tequila. Calling the front desk, Marvin learns that his wife, Millie, has just arrived and is on her way to his room. He tries to keep Millie from discovering the nude, unconscious hooker in his bed but finally reveals his indiscretion. Incensed, Millie leaves. Elsewhere at the hotel, Willis, Bettina, Chauncey and Lola play doubles tennis. Bettina accidentally smashes her racket on Willis' head, loses her balance and injures her ankle as she falls. Lola stumbles over a basket of tennis balls trying to come to Bettina's aid and Chauncey trips over the net trying to help Lola. Outside the Michaels' room, Millie hurries away as Marvin tries to explain his infidelity. At first, Millie doesn't see how she can attend the bar mitzvah knowing Harry paid for Marvin's hooker, then she decides to forgive Marvin and forget it ever happened. She also plans to spend all of his money. The Panamas and the Gumps return to the Panamas' room to care for Bettina's ankle. Lola breaks a bottle of perfume in the bathroom, then cuts her finger on one of the glass shards. While they tend to Lola, Bettina trips and falls through the room's French doors, breaking the panes of glass. Then Lola bangs her head on the door of the medicine cabinet while rinsing off her bleeding finger and passes out. Willis goes to the bathroom to soak a wet towel for her, but steps on the broken glass. Willis and Chauncey put both women on the bed then start fighting each other, damaging the room in the process. After shopping in the hotel boutique, Millie returns to the hotel room. Marvin tries to embrace her but she wants no signs of affection from him in front of the still-unconscious hooker on their bed. In the Panamas' room, Chauncey swears it has been the worst trip ever and Willis tries to force Chauncey to say it is the best time they ever had and that the Gumps will love going on vacation with the Panamas again. In front of the hotel, the taxi that the Michaels were going to take to the bar mitzvah has been given to Bunny, who is awake and fully dressed. She generously allows them to ride with her to their destination. At the airport, Hannah is surprised to see Jenny, who has come to say good-bye and thank her mother for letting her stay with Bill. In another part of the airport, the Panamas and the Gumps, who are bruised and covered in bandages, limp towards their flight. As Diana and Sidney's plane takes off, they learn that the in-flight movie is the same as on their flight to Los Angeles and Diana begs Sidney to get them off the plane.
tt0070544
Animation,Sci-Fi
The film depicts a future in which human beings, known as "Oms" (a word play on the French-language word hommes, meaning men), have been brought by the giant Draags to the Draags' home planet, where they are kept as pets (with collars). The Draags are an alien race which is humanoid in shape but a hundred times larger than humans, with blue skin, fan-like earlobes and huge, protruding red eyes. The Draags also live much longer than human beings one Draag week equals a human year. Some Oms are domesticated as pets, but others run wild, and are periodically exterminated. The Draags' treatment of the Oms is ironically contrasted with their high level of technological and spiritual development. The story opens with a woman running, occasionally looking behind her as if pursued. An enormous hand descends and blocks her way. She runs back the way she came and finds her way blocked by another hand. It becomes apparent that she is being toyed with by entities that do not appreciate her fragility, and as she dies, the infant she has been carrying and attempting to protect begins to cry. The view changes to reveal the Draag children who have accidentally killed the woman; they leave quickly when an adult Draag and child approach. The child voices concern for the orphaned infant, and the two take the child to their home. Tiva (the Draag child) names the infant Terr (word play on "terrible", same spelling in French; also a homophone for the French "Terre", meaning Earth). Her father, whom the adult Terr voice-over explains is master Sinh, the Draag great Aedile, attaches a collar capable of physically dragging Terr back from mischief, and over the next several scenes, their relationships develop. Terr witnesses the parents seemingly ingesting food by inhaling it from a device. After changing Terr's costume as one would a doll's, Tiva uses makeup to give herself a more Om-like appearance. When Terr impishly trades dark pigment for light, Tiva blows some of the powder on him. Tiva uses a tiny indoor weather-maker to cause a small storm cloud to form over Terr and chase him around the dwelling. Tiva takes Terr for a walk, and then teaches him how, under certain circumstances, crystals will form on stationary objects, including standing bipeds. She also teaches him that whistling will shatter the crystals. Terr happens upon master Sinh as he and several compatriots are melding in a ritual, and it is revealed that many Draag children have Oms like Terr when they convene to watch their respective Oms interact. Tiva's education is supplied by the use of a headset that transmits knowledge directly into the brain of the user. Because she enjoys having Terr in her hand when she is having her "infos," Terr begins to acquire their knowledge. Meanwhile, at the seat of government, Draag Councilors discuss whether the regular extermination of the wild Oms is sufficient to keep their numbers at an acceptable level. It is revealed that Oms were first found on a planet that retained some evidence of structured life, but the images seem to reveal that Earth was in a post-apocalyptic state at the time. Terr decides to escape, and to take the headset with him. He does not get very far before Tiva realizes he is missing, and her mother tells her to use her bracelet to bring him back. Terr finds himself suddenly being dragged backward by the collar. Only the headset becoming entangled in plants allows a wild female Om to come to his rescue before he is choked by the collar or dragged all the way back. When Terr explains that the headset contains the knowledge of the Draags but he doesn't know where to go with it, his unnamed rescuer takes him to her tribe, who live in a tree in a walled park. When it is demonstrated that Terr can read Draag script, the leader (known only as "Mighty One") is willing to accept Terr into the tribe, but the Wizard is not, and demands a trial by combat to the death. Terr and the Wizard's champion have child-sized animals bound to their torsos in such a way as to prevent the combatants from using anything but the beaks of said animals to attack. Terr is injured, but wins the trial. Over the next several scenes, it is shown how the Oms have adapted to life on the Draags' planet. Snail-like animals weave clothes onto the Oms, predators that would eat Oms are in turn hunted and efficiently stripped of useful materials, and the gene pool is kept well-mixed. Oms even make the occasional foray into Draag areas in search of resources. Returning from one such expedition, the group of adventurers is accosted by "bandits" who drop clawlike harpoons into the cargo and simply lift it up into their own tree. Mighty One tells Terr that they live on the other side of the park, and cautions him that they are evil. When the now-literate Oms read the new sign on one of the walls, they realize the park is about to be "de-Omised." Terr decides that he must take this information to the tribe of "bandits," and is quickly captured and taken before their leader, a wizened old woman. The woman is skeptical of Terr's claims. Terr is tied up and left. But when the de-Omising begins, the old woman returns and frees him. The de-Omising is accomplished using disks that release a poison gas. A great many Oms perish to this gas, but a sizable number still manage to escape through a crack in the park wall. Two passing Draags witness the exodus, and one begins crushing the Oms underfoot. The Oms retaliate and manage to bring down one of their attackers, but Mighty One is also killed, and the old woman leads the survivors to a place where she believes they will be safe. The death of a Draag puts the Council in an uproar. De-Omising is stepped up to a much higher priority, new technologies are developed, and frequency is scheduled to increase. The old woman has led the two now-united tribes to an old rocket depot. Applying their newfound knowledge, the Oms, seemingly under Terr's direction, very quickly adapt the abandoned technologies to their own purposes and begin to flourish, thanks to the rebirth of mechanized industry. On a visit to the old woman, Terr's former rescuer hears her express both optimism and regret that she will not live to see the Oms finally find peace. Fatalities resulting from Draag attempts to de-Om the rocket depot are minimized by the creation and organized use of shelters, but the Draags' updated de-Omising technologies become ever more aggressive, and when an automated scout detects the persistent Om settlement, it summons an array of lethal devices. As the attacks become more diverse and effective, the Oms launch their manned rockets toward the Fantastic Planet, where they discover headless statues. As bubbles descend to alight atop the statues, the statues begin to dance. Each bubble seems to contain an image of an individual Draag in meditation; their "spirits" are what animate the statues. It turns out that the statues facilitate "nuptial rites" between the Draags and entities from other galaxies, and from these, the Draags draw their life force. When the feet of the dancing statues threaten the rockets, the Oms use energy weapons that shatter the statues. Pandemonium reigns supreme in the Council chamber, for it seems the two races will destroy one another if they cannot find a way to live together. But in the very next scene, an Om steps down off an outstretched Draag hand, removes his silly hat and assumes a posture of confidence and self-assertion. The headset voice dispassionately recounts the Oms' construction of a new satellite where they can live, "which they call Terr, after their ancestral planet ."
tt0073768
Comedy
Gas station attendant Clint Ramsey, who works at Martin Bormann's Super Service in the desert, finds himself too irresistible to a series of women, all of whom have the word "Super" in their given names. In the beginning, he is married to the hypersexual, demanding, and jealous SuperAngel (Shari Eubank), who constantly harasses him at work. She orders him home at once when she calls Clint and overhears a female customer, SuperLorna (Christy Hartburg), hits on him at work. Clint finds SuperAngel's constant accusations and arguing a turnoff and, back at home, they fight after he rejects her aggressive advances. A neighbor calls the police as Clint leaves for a local bar, where the bartender is the very scantily clad SuperHaji (Haji). Meanwhile, SuperAngel seduces Harry Sledge (Charles Napier), the cop who responded to the police call. He is impotent and unable to perform. She repeatedly taunts and insults him over this, which finally results in him killing her by stomping her brutally in a bathtub, then throwing a radio in the water which was plugged into the wall socket. Sledge burns down the house, then tries to pin the murder on Clint. Clint claims being in the pub all night, but SuperHaji has her revenge on him (from insulting her breast size earlier) by refusing to confirm his alibi. Clint is then forced to flee. In his rush to escape, Clint hitchhikes a ride from a man (John LaZar) and his girlfriend SuperCherry (Colleen Brennan). During the drive, SuperCherry comes on to him and puts his hand over her breast, but then pulls it back. She then tries to give him a handjob over his pants, but he continues to resist her advances. The driver takes offense to Clint rejecting his girlfriend, but she says he probably just wants a closer contact. She again attempts and fails to seduce him and he asks the driver to let him get out. The driver follows him out and beats and robs him. Clint is found by an old farmer who takes him to his farm to heal from his injuries and Clint agrees to work for the farmer for a week to repay him. The farmer has a younger Austrian mail-order bride, SuperSoul (Uschi Digard), who is hypersexual. After energetically satisfying her husband, she comes knocking on Clint's door at night. She immediately pushes him into his bed where she proceeds to mount and rape him, until he manages to overpower her. However, she does the same the following day and this time overpowering him after jumping him from behind in the barn. Looking for SuperSoul, the farmer finds them in the barn, then chases Clint away and punches SuperSoul. Fleeing from the farm, Clint meets a motel owner and his deaf daughter, SuperEula (Deborah McGuire), who convinces him to take a ride with her in her dune buggy to have sex in the desert. They are caught by her father and chased out of town. Clint eventually meets up with SuperVixen (also played by Shari Eubank) at Supervixen's Oasis, a roadside diner. SuperVixen is (inexplicably) a friendly and giving reincarnation of SuperAngel, whose ghost now appears nude between scenes to comment on the plot from atop a bedspring balanced on a mesa. Clint and SuperVixen fall in love and are inseparable, although their common nemesis, Harry Sledge, arrives on the scene and plots ending the lives of the now happy couple.
tt0071455
Action,Drama,Thriller
The film opens on Stewart Graff (Charleton Heston) jogging underneath the Hollywood sign. Back home, as he finishes his workout on a resistance machine, his shrewd wife Remy Royce-Graff (Ava Gardner) starts her morning by picking a fight with him. At the peak of their argument, Stewart says to Remy, "You'd hardly call this a marriage wouldn't you?" After he's showered and preparing to leave, Stewart finds Remy unconscious with a bottle of pills nearby. Accustomed to her periodic suicide attempts, Stewart prepares to induce vomiting when a violent tremor shakes the bedroom. Remy bolts out of bed, revealing that she was faking. At the Mulholland Dam, two workers begin a routine inspection of the structure in response to the tremor. One of them is drowned in an elevator shaft which has filled with water after the quake. In downtown Los Angeles, Sgt. Lou Slade (George Kennedy) and his partner Emilio Chavez (Pedro Armendáriz, Jr.) are in pursuit of a suspect. They chase him out of their jurisdiction, finally crashing into the hedges at Zsa Zsa Gabor's house. After a Beverly Hills Sheriff yells at Lou for ruining Gabor's hedges, the angry Lou punches him out. When reprimanded, Lou explains to his supervisor that the suspect had stolen the car, gotten stoned, and then driven over a 6-year old Mexican girl without stopping. To his disgust, he receives a temporary suspension from his unfeeling superior. On his way to work, Stewart visits Denise Marshall (Geneviève Bujold), an actress who is the widow of one of his friends and co-workers. He drops off an autographed football for her son and helps Denise run her lines for a scene she is shooting later that day. A junior staffer, Walter Russell (Kip Niven), at the California Seismological Institute has calculated that Los Angeles will suffer a major earthquake in the next day or two. He frantically tries to reach his superior, Dr. Frank Adams (Bob Cunningham), who is busy placing seismic sensors in the field. Another tremor hits as Adams and his assistant are working in a deep trench and they are buried alive. The scientists at the center argue about whether or not to go public with their prediction of a major quake. The acting supervisor, Dr. Willis Stockle (Barry Sullivan), insists that if they are wrong their funding will be jeopardized. He also argues that the panic such a warning would cause could be worse than the earthquake itself. They agree on a compromise to alert the National Guard and police so that they can at least mobilize to help deal with the fallout. While checking out at a grocery store, a poor young woman named Rosa Amici (Victoria Principal) realizes she does not have enough money to pay for all her items. Jody Joad (Marjoe Gortner), the seemingly kind store manager, insists that she keep the items and make up the deficit the next time she shops. Later, when he hears that the National Guard reserves are being called up on the radio, Jody leaves the store in the middle of his shift, revealing himself to be part of the reserve army. He goes to his run-down boarding house and changes into his NCO uniform, enduring the abuse and harassment of his bullying housemates who accuse him of being homosexual because he's got pictures of bodybuilders on his wall. Blowing off steam at a bar, Lou orders a double bourbon and ignores all the illegal activity he sees. A drunk (Walter Matthau) periodically wakes up to toast random people like 'Bobby Riggs'. Daredevil motorcyclist Miles Quade (Richard Roundtree) arrives with his partner Sal Amici (Gabriel Dell) and his sister Rosa. A pool shark collects $50 that Miles owes him, leaving him short for the propane tank he needs to do a stunt for a talent scout. Miles convinces Lou to loan him the money by having Rosa reveal a tight-fitting t-shirt he's marketing with his name on it. The tremor cancelled Denise's shoot; so, she heads to Stewart's office, pretending to meet with a friend. When she runs into him, he is headed out for a drink. They go back to Denise's house for the drink and end up making love. He promises to come back later that night and invites her to spend the summer with him in Oregon, where he will be overseeing a project. Back at the office, his boss Sam Royce offers to hand over the company presidency to Stewart. He asks for some time to consider the idea. Stewart calls Denise and breaks off their plans for later that night. He goes to Sam's office to accept his offer but is stunned to see Remy there. He assumes she has convinced her father, Sam (Lorne Greene), to offer the promotion to Stewart in order to save their marriage. He storms out and she follows him, accusing him of cheating with Denise. He explains that he never had until that day. When they get outside the building, the main earthquake begins, rupturing the San Andreas Fault, and causing thousands of buildings to collapse and causing hundreds of thousands of people to die while shaking Southern California for nearly six to nine minutes. The earthquake is measured 9.9 on the richter scale at the Seismological Institute. When the earthquake subsides, Sam and most of his employees are trapped on the upper floors of their skyscraper, as the elevators have crashed to the ground. They descend most of the way by the stairs, but the earthquake has sheared off a portion of the building, leaving an impasse of about two stories. Sam rigs a fire hose to a chair and lowers his staff down one at a time. When everyone is safe, he suffers a heart attack, and Stewart climbs up to lower him down in the chair. Meanwhile, Denise's son was caught on a bridge over a freeway causeway when the quake struck. She spies him unconscious on the concrete and climbs down to save him. Unable to climb back out with her son, she hails Miles and Sal who are passing by in their truck. After saving Denise and her son, they drive in search of help, coming across Lou who is organizing rescue efforts in the street. Lou commandeers their truck to use it as an ambulance. After nibbling on a donut in a ruined diner, Rosa has been arrested by the National Guard for looting. Jody, now a sergeant, picks her out of a group of prisoners. Recognizing him from the grocery store, Rosa assumes he is going to let her go, but he claims that the streets are too unsafe for her to go anywhere and he orders her to stay inside a secluded store. Another group of troops arrive with Jody's housemates as prisoners. Jody executes them in an act of revenge for all the long time bullying he endured from them, terrifying Rosa and his subordinates as they now see his dark psychopathic side. Once Stewart gets everyone from his office safely to a shopping center named Wilson Plaza, which has been converted into a triage center, he goes off in search of Denise and her son. He ends up driving Lou around in search of survivors and they come across Jody and his regiment. Jody threatens to fire on them if they come any closer and Rosa emerges when she sees Lou, begging for his help. Lou and Stewart pretend to comply with Jody by driving off while Sgt. Joad's scared men look for an officer to have him face a court martial and detainment. But Lou sneaks back and gets the jump on Jody, who's enraged at Rosa for betraying and rejecting him and tries to rape her. Lou shoots Jody dead in self-defense when Jody tries to kill him with his rifle and rescues Rosa. As they drive away, they hear that another aftershock has threatened Wilson Plaza. After a quick survey of the building, Stewart realizes there are survivors trapped in an underground garage. He and Lou crawl into the sewer and through some rubble with a jackhammer, which they use to drill through to the garage. Stewart is overjoyed to find Denise, who is one of the people trapped inside. As he hugs her, he sees his wife standing just behind her. During the rescue, the Mulholland Dam finally gives way, sending water down the sewers. Lou and Denise make it up the ladder to safety, but as Remy climbs out, a man steps on her hand. She falls back into the water which is sweeping people away. Stewart looks up at Denise, but he cannot bring himself to abandon his wife to her death. He sacrifices himself when he swims after her and both of them are swept away and presumably drown. Denise walks away from the manhole in shock and grief. Lou is holding Rosa when a doctor walks up to him and says, "This used to be a helluva town, officer." Lou mumbles, "Yeah" as he tries not to cry. The camera pans back to reveal a completely destroyed Los Angeles.
tt0097987
Action,Sport
The 1989 feature film No Holds Barred stars no other than the immortal Hulk Hogan as a professional wrestler, who is in fight of his life against an evil network executive. Let me begin with this disclaimer; if you are not a wrestling fan do not bother to tune in. The movie is actually produced by the WWF and Vince McMahon under the the Shane Distribution Company. There are cameos from Jesse Ventura and Mean Gene Okerland as commentators and Howard Finkel as the ring announcer. You also get to see the legendary Stan Hansen who plays rugged tough guy at the bar visited by the television executives. Now if you are a wrestling fan than you definitely need to see this movie. Hulk Hogan plays a character who is close to his real life self at the time. His name is Rip and he is the biggest attraction on television as the WWF Champion. Rip is motivated by his younger brother Randy who is ringside at all of his big matches. He attracts the interest of a rival network executive Brell (Kurt Fuller) who wants to boost his networks ratings. Rip does not take accept Brells offer to join his network and chooses to stay faithful. Brell decides to start his own show called Battle of The Tough Guys which becomes extremely popular with the introduction of a man called Zeus. Zeus is an ex-convict who actually killed an opponent in a ring once. Even with this success Brell still wants to get his hands on Rip and have him on his network. Rip also meets a love interest, who may not be all that she seems. Through a series of twist and turns Rip will be forced to take on Brells monster Zeus in the fight of his life.
tt0074281
Comedy,Drama,Romance
On a Friday July morning in downtown Los Angeles, a middle aged ex-convict, Lonnie (Ivan Dixon), greets his fellow workers at the Dee-Lux Car Wash, including: Hippo (James Spinks), a large good natured man; Snapper (Clarence Muse), an elderly shoe shiner; Geronimo (Ray Vitte), a thin, African-American with feathers in his hair; Goody (Henry Kingi), a Native American who wears a hat with pig ears; T.C. (Franklyn Ajay), who dons a three piece suit and a large Afro hairstyle; Chuco (Peppe Serna), an Hispanic Casanova; and Scruggs (Jack Kehoe), a cowboy and fuel pump operator. The men change into their orange overalls as Earl (Leonard Jackson), their uptight supervisor, orders them to work when Leon "Mr. 'B" Barrow (Sully Boyer), the owner of the car wash, drives up with his college-aged son, Irwin (Richard Brestoff), who spouts communist philosophy and carries around Mao Zedong's Little Red Book. Marsha (Melanie Mayron), the busty cashier, opens the office. Two of the employees also introduced are Floyd (Darrow Igus) and Lloyd (DeWayne Jessie), they are singing musicians who have an audition for an agent at the end of their shift and spend the entire movie doing their jazz-blues dance moves in front of bewildered customers. Another employees is Charlie (Arthur French), a perpetually sick middle-aged employee. Meanwhile, a prostitute, Marleen (Lauren Jones), sneaks out of a cab to avoid paying the fare and hides in the car wash's ladies room. Earl is furious when worker Duane (Bill Duke) strolls in late. The tall African American refuses to answer why his late for work and also why he didn't show up for work yesterday. Duane tells Earl not to call him anymore by his so-called slave name, "Duane," and insists he be addressed as Abdulla Mohammed Akbar, as he is recent Muslim convert. Lonnie tries to be friendly towards Duane/Abdulla, but the young and angry black Muslim refuses to talk to or confide in Lonnie either about what is bothering him. As the men work, they dance to disco music, but the radio show is interrupted by a news bulletin announcing the threat of a "pop bottle bomber," who fashions soda bottles into bombs and blows up small businesses. Meanwhile, Irwin, who just smoked a marijuana cigarette, informs his father, "Mr. B," that he wants to join his "exploited brothers" washing cars, but Irwin slips, goes through the car wash, and gets a hot wax treatment. When the radio promises concert tickets to the first caller to correctly identify a song, T.C. rushes to the telephone booth, but he does not have a dime to make the call. As he screams in frustration, a Mercedes automobile arrives with a boy vomiting out the window. The mother (Lorraine Gary) tells Chuco to wash the car, as she drags the boy to the ladies' room. She bangs on the locked door until Marleen comes out wearing a new wig. When the woman returns to her spotless Mercedes, she accuses Chuco of shoddy workmanship and withholds her 5¢ tip, but her son vomits all over her and the car's interior as she leaves. Later, Reverend Daddy Rich (Richard Pryor) and the sexy Wilson sisters (The Pointer Sisters) arrive in a gold-painted Cadillac. The workers swarm to hear the Reverend preach the gospel of prosperity. Only Duane/Abdulla refuses to listen to his words despite the Wilson Sisters performing a song in front of him and everyone as Daddy Rich collects donations and leaves in his limo. A little later, when a Doberman Pinscher escapes from a vehicle, Scruggs catches the dog, but not before it excretes in the parking lot, and Earl orders Goody and Chuco to clean up the mess with a discarded donut box. Afterward, Chuco puts on Goody's pig hat, sticks his face against a frosted window and oinks, scaring the cashier Marsha while she is using the ladies' room. When Chuco returns Goody's hat, Marsha mistakenly believes Goody is the culprit and dumps a bucket of cold water over him, but Goody later gets even with Chuco by putting hot chillis in Chuco's sandwich. T. C. takes his lunch break at a café across the street and asks Mona (Tracy Reed), a waitress, for a date. She refuses, claiming she is through with dating men who have no future. Later, "Mr. B" propositions Marsha for sex and she tells him she has to check if she is free. Through most of this, Scruggs talks with his best friend Geronimo about calling Scruggs' wife, Charlene, since Scruggs never came home from work the previous day having spent it with Geronimo at a brothel. The sly and womanizing Geronimo gives Scruggs advice to be patient for Scruggs' wife will welcome him home at the end of the day like any other loyal wife. Meanwhile, Hippo pays Marleen to have sex with him in the storage room. Back on the wash line, Irwin preaches communism to the workers, but Duane cuts the boy off, claiming that when the revolution comes, whites will be working for black men. Lonnie tries to mentor Duane/Abdullah while struggling to raise two young children, who visit the car wash. Lonnie also fends off his parole officer who makes an unannounced visit to check up on him. At the same time, Duane/Abdullah confronts the drag queen employee Lindy (Antonio Fargas) and sharply criticizes his cross-dressing, to which Lindy coolly replies, "I'm more man than you'll ever be and more woman than you'll ever get". Seeing a van parked across the street, Duane leaves to talk to the driver. When Duane returns, Lonnie warns him to stay away from the driver, who is a fellow ex-convict. Employee Justin (Leon Pinkney) clashes with his girlfriend, Loretta (Renn Woods), who wants him to go back to college, but he refuses out of the feeling that a black man like him will not get anywhere in the world with any kind of education. She refuses to get married to him unless he goes back to college. It is also revealed that Snapper is Justin's elderly grandfather and he is a follower of Daddy Rich. As another news report about the "soda pop" bomber is broadcast over the radio, a man (Professor Irwin Corey) fitting the bomber's description drives up, asks Hippo for his soda bottle, and disappears into the men's bathroom. Hippo warns T.C. that the man will blow up the car wash. When the man comes out of the bathroom, T. C. grabs the bottle and runs away screaming. Another customer tackles T.C. and the bottle smashes onto the concrete, revealing a urine sample for the man's liver test. Meanwhile, a handsome man arrives and asks Marsha for a date. She agrees, then tells "Mr. B" she cannot meet him later because she has to visit her sister. Sly (Garrett Morris), a con artist employee and bookie, gets arrested by the police at the car wash for a series of unpaid parking tickets. At the end if the day, "Mr. B" fires Duane over his unexplained absences from work for the past several weeks, and Duane angrily confronts and physically threatens Mr. B. However, Lonnie prevents his friend from assaulting their boss, who storms away. When Lonnie asks "Mr. B" to rehire Duane, and also for a raise, "Mr. B" claims he has no time to talk and Lonnie storms away in frustration. Later, "Mr. B" follows Lonnie to the locker room, promising to continue their conversation the next day. When Scrugg's wife shows up at the car wash, she instead throws him a suitcase containing all his clothes, thus throwing him out of their house for staying out all night and cheating on her. Geronimo makes a hasty retreat, and Scruggs ends his friendship with Geronimo for giving him bad marriage advice. As the car wash closes for the day, T.C. telephones the radio station and finally wins tickets for the concert. After T.C. changes back to his suit, he goes to the diner and asks Mona to accompany him. She agrees to go to the concert. As Justin and his grandfather Snapper wait for the bus to pick them up, Loretta arrives in her car to drive home with Justin, and he agrees to talk about his career choices next week. Earl leaves to discover the donut box of dog excrement on his car, while Geronimo and Goody drive away with Goody yelling "you clean it up!" Scruggs leaves the car wash alone with his suitcase to spend the night someplace else. Lonnie volunteers to close the office so Marsha can keep her date. As he counts the cash, Duane enters with a revolver, demanding the money, but Lonnie refuses, explaining that he will not allow Duane to go to prison for such a small sum. Duane is unable to shoot Lonnie and cries that he is unable to deal with life's pressures. Lonnie embraces his friend and says they will figure out a solution together. In the final shot, Marleen watches the men leave as she waits for her next customer.
tt0080130
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
In Los Angeles, California, teenager Jill Johnson (Carol Kane) arrives to babysit at the Mandrakis residence. Before leaving for the evening, Mrs. Mandrakis (Rutayna Alda) informs Jill that she and her husband, Dr. Mandrakis (Carmen Argenziano), might see a movie after dinner, which means they could be gone until midnight. She also requests that Jill not disturb the two children, who are asleep and recovering from a cold. During the evening, Jill remains downstairs and studies in the living room. After awhile, the telephone rings. When Jill answers, a man with a British accent asks, "Have you checked the children?" then hangs up. He calls back, repeating the question. As the same voice telephones several more times, Jill wonders if her friend, Bobby, is playing a practical joke. Rattled, she pours herself a glass of whiskey, then tries to reach Dr. and Mrs. Mandrakis at the restaurant, but they already left. Next, she contacts the police, but the officer says he is unable to offer much help unless the caller threatens her. When Jill answers another time, the anonymous caller poises the question more emphatically. Sensing that the man is outside watching her, she closes the curtains and bolts the front door. She does not pick up as the phone rings again, then redials the police. Sgt. Sacker (Bill Boyett) reassures her that he will attempt to trace the call, and Jill manages to keep the stranger on the line for longer next time. As soon as he hangs up, the sergeant telephones and states that the call is coming from inside the house. He orders Jill to leave immediately. Looking up, she sees a man's shadow at the top of the stairs. She frantically opens the front door as the police arrive. The intruder upstairs is apprehended, but he is covered in the blood of the two Mandrakis children, whom he killed several hours earlier. By the time detective John Clifford (Charles Durning) appears on the scene, the parents have returned home and are trying to comprehend the tragedy. Officer Charlie Garber informs Clifford that the killer, a British citizen named Curt Duncan (Tony Beckley), used a second telephone line inside the house to call the babysitter, who was not hurt. Seven years later. Clifford has retired from the police force and works as a private investigator. Dr. Mandrakis hires him to find Duncan, who has recently escaped from the state mental hospital. Clifford questions Duncan's supervising physician, Dr. Monk (Rachel Roberts), who believes the patient is no longer a threat to children and feels confident that the intensive therapy, including electric shock treatment, was helpful, but Clifford would prefer clues as to the whereabouts of the psychopath. Meanwhile, at a bar downtown called Torchy's, Duncan tries to converse with a single, middle-aged woman named Tracy Fuller (Colleen Dewhurst), but she ignores him. When Duncan remains persistent, another bar patron assaults him. Tracy suddenly feels sympathy for the British man as he is dragged into the alley. Walking home alone that night, she is unaware that Duncan follows her. He appears outside her apartment door and apologizes for his behavior at the bar. Tracy is initially considerate until Duncan insists on staying and having coffee. After finally persuading him to leave, she feels unnerved by the stranger. At police headquarters, Clifford receives cooperation from his former colleague, Garber, who is now a lieutenant, and combs through recent crime reports. He also questions vagrants on the street and shows them a photograph of Duncan. After inquiring about the fight at Torchy's, Clifford tracks down Tracy and enlists her help in trapping the child murderer. Clifford then confides to Garber (Ron O'Neal) that he plans to kill Duncan and requests that the police do not get involved. Reluctantly, Garber agrees. As instructed, Tracy leaves Torchy's and walks back to her apartment alone at night, while Clifford watches for anyone following her. Duncan, however, does not appear. Nevertheless, Clifford assures Tracy that he will keep patrol outside her building. As Tracy settles in for the evening, Duncan, who has been hiding inside the apartment, surprises her and pleads with her for friendship. Hearing Tracy scream, Clifford storms into the apartment, but is unable to catch the killer as he flees. With a tip from a vagrant, Clifford locates Duncan at a homeless shelter, and the two men confront each other. Clifford aims a lethal lock needle towards the murderer, but Duncan dodges the weapon and escapes. Meanwhile, Jill Johnson still lives in Los Angeles, but is now married to Stephen Lockhart (Steven Anderson) and has two young children. As she prepares to cook dinner for the family, her husband telephones and announces that he is taking her to a restaurant. Jill then arranges for Sharon to babysit the children. While Jill and Stephen are enjoying dinner, the maître d' at the restaurant interrupts and informs the couple that they have a telephone call. When Jill picks up the receiver, the familiar voice with the British accent says, "Have you checked the children?" Jill screams that Curt Duncan is back, and Stephen immediately calls the babysitter, who assures the parents that everything is fine at home. Accompanied by a police officer, Stephen and Jill return to the house, and are relieved to find that the children are okay. Nevertheless, Stephen places a rifle by his bedside. Meanwhile, at police headquarters, Garber hears about the incident with Mrs. Lockart and alerts Clifford. When Clifford telephones the Lockhart home and receives a constant busy signal, the operator notifies him that the line appears to have been recently disconnected. Meanwhile, Jill cannot sleep. Checking on her son, she notices a piece of candy in his room that she did not give him. Frightened, she goes back to her bedroom. There, she hears Duncan's voice and assumes he is hiding in the closet. She shakes her husband in the bed, but instead, Duncan jumps out from underneath the covers. As the killer tries to strangle Jill, Clifford suddenly arrives and shoots Duncan dead. The private investigator comforts Jill and assures her that Stephen, who was knocked unconscious and placed in a closet, is fine.
tt0083550
Horror
Amityville, Long Island, New York, 1974. Set over one year before the Lutz family moved into the dreaded haunted house located on 112 Ocean Drive. The Montelli family move into what they think would be the house of their dreams. However, after discovering that there is an underground tunnel leading into the house, an evil presence is shown to be lurking within, unknown to the family. After unusual and parnormal activities, like unknown bangings on the door, an ugly message on the youngest kids of the Montelli family's room's wall (to which their father beats them after suggesting it is them who did it and also beats their mother for intervening), the Montelli mother, Dolores (Ruda Alda) tries to have the local priest, Father Frank Adamsky (Olson), bless the house but he is driven away by her sacrilegious husband, Anthony (Burt Young), who is strict and abusive, before he can properly help. Soon afterward, the family go to church with Anthony, so he can "apologize" for being rude to Adamsky, but the Montelli's elder son, Sonny (Magner), stays as he is "not feeling well." He soon hears an alarming noise, and goes downstairs to get his father's gun, and hears laughter, following it, he then falls victim to demonic possession. Soon, a now possessed Sonny starts to have sexual feelings for his sister Patricia (Diane Franklin) and decides to "play a game" with her where he is a famous photographer and she is his model. She agrees and eventually ends up having sex with him. Patricia goes to tell Father Adamsky this, but has a breakdown while telling him; Sonny becomes more sinister and like a demon, as his face starts turning into a demon like face, startled he tries to keep his family away, but is unsuccessful due to the possession by the demon, who usually contacts Sonny through his earphones. On Sonny's 20th birthday he isolates from his birthday party, and calls Patricia who comes up to check on him. However, due to his demon phases and his body becoming more like a demon, he sends her away calling her a "damn bitch." Patricia runs away, crying, and tries to tell Adamsky that she thinks Sonny is possessed or something, but he doesn't answer. Instead, Dolores slaps Patricia after eavesdropping on them. Later that night, the evil spirit tells Sonny to "kill 'em" to which he goes and gets his father's gun, shoots his father, then his mother, his younger sister, his younger brother, and after a chase finally kills Patricia. The next day the police have arrived and pick up the bodies; Sonny is arrested, but states he does not recall of ever killing his family, and is taken away. Adamsky then realizes that Sonny is possessed and asks the church if he can perform an exorcism on Sonny but they refuse, not believing him. He therefore takes it upon himself to free Sonny, and frees him from the prison and takes him to church where Sonny escapes after seeing the crosses on the doors. Adamsky soon runs after Sonny and traces him to the house, where he performs the exorcism, releasing Sonny's soul. As the cops arrive, Adamsky asks Father Tom (Robert Pine) to take Sonny away from him, while Adamsky is revealed to be possessed. His whereabouts and what happens afterwards is unknown.
tt0082817
Action,Crime,Thriller
The story revolves around the lives of two NYPD police detectives, Det. Sgt. Deke DaSilva (Sylvester Stallone) and Det. Sgt. Matthew Fox (Billy Dee Williams) who work undercover, and a terrorist Heymar Reinhardt, alias Wulfgar (Rutger Hauer). In the prologue, set in the late night to early morning hours on New Year's Eve 1979, three armed assailants attempt a mugging on a supposedly unsuspecting woman, who turns out to be DaSilva in drag for a carefully planned sting operation to catch these muggers who rob elderly people. Fox immobilizes two of the suspects as Deke chases the third upstairs to the 174th Street (IRT White Plains Road Line) Subway Station platform and dares the man to cut him. Deke then incapacitates him places him under arrest. The next scene takes place in London on the same day (five hours ahead because of the time zone difference), where Wulfgar (Rutger Hauer) bombs a department store after flirting with a young cosmetic salesgirl (Catherine Mary Stewart), instilling the will of fear in the surrounding society. January 4, 1980. In New York City, DaSilva and Fox serve a high risk warrant in the Bronx. They raid a known drug distribution spot. The obvious corruption in the police department is exposed in the suspect's dialogue as a minor subplot. During the arrest, Fox becomes furious when one of the dealers tries to bribe him. He struggles with his overwhelming desire to shoot the unarmed man in front of witnesses, one of whom is a teenaged boy. January 6. In London, Wulfgar converses with his contact at a party, Kenneth, who tells Wulfgar that Mercer, who we never see but come to know as the financier of Wulfgar's operations, is withholding money owed to Wulfgar because several children were killed in Wulfgar's latest bombing at the department store. Wulfgar quickly discovers that Kenneth had been held at Heathrow Airport in police custody, and has inadvertently led police to Wulfgar's location. Wulfgar viciously murders Kenneth and the policemen who had converged on the location. Wulfgar flees to Paris where he meets his associate, Shakka Holland (Persis Khambatta) at La Sainte-Chapelle. Shakka remarks that La Sainte-Chapelle is a bad meeting place because it's next to (in real life too), the Palais de Justice, a courthouse in Paris. She informs Wulfgar that Kenneth's death was a rash decision, for the police found a passport that he'd brought to Wulfgar on his person. Wulfgar also realizes he has killed one of his own, and is now facing alienation from his allies. With his identity revealed to all European authorities, Wulfgar and Shakka visit a plastic surgeon, whom changes Wulgar's appearance. After the process, the surgeon becomes a liability, and is murdered by Wulfgar, who then flees to New York City. The next day in New York, after having their undercover detail compromised by two uniformed officers, DaSilva and Fox are informed that they have been transferred from the Street Crime Unit and into a special Federal-State Unit. After a touchy moment with their ill-tempered superior, Lieutenant Munafo (Joe Spinell), they discover that their transfer orders came from the police commissioner, whom had received the orders from Washington D.C.. The fact that the two detectives served in Vietnam also helps their recommendation, making them two of the highest recommended candidates for the special unit. Anti-Terrorist Action Command (A.T.A.C.) is assembled by INTERPOL British Counter-terrorist specialist Peter Hartman (Nigel Davenport). Hartman believes Wulfgar will come to the U.S. next primarily for the press coverage. Hartman schools DaSilva, Fox and a specially selected team of New York police on Wulfgar, Shakka, and terrorism in general. But the 'shoot-to-kill' policy that Hartman encourages doesn't go down well with DaSilva who didn't join the force to kill anyone. Hartman also makes a personal comment regarding DaSilva's ex-wife (Lindsay Wagner), prompting him to leave, but opening him up to the connections of the underground New York City. According to Hartman, Wulfgar wastes no time in becoming familiar with new surroundings. After completing the latter, Hartman states that Wulfgar, an aficionado for the vivid nightclub scene, will try to find safe housing for his arsenal. Sure enough, Wulfgar meets Pam (Hilary Thompson), a flight attendant, in a nightclub and moves in with her. Surprisingly enough, when she asks him what he does for a living, he tells her the complete and total truth: "I'm an international terrorist wanted on three continents." She takes it as humor. That night, Wulfgar then announces his presence in New York by bombing several locations in the Wall Street area. Alone in her apartment while Wulfgar (known as 'Eric' to Pam), is away, Pam discovers his arsenal. Wulfgar kills Pam, her death is the first break Hartman, DaSilva, and Fox get. Wulfgar has left behind a map of the Wall Street area. According to Lt. Munafo and the forensic investigators, the location that had been bombed was marked. DaSilva and Fox investigate Pam's favorite nightspots and hope to find Wulfgar at one of them, but, unsure of what he looks like since the plastic surgery, they hesitate. When DaSilva calls out Wulfgar's name, a shooting spree at the disco opens, with the two cops chasing Wulfgar through the club, and to the back streets and to a local subway station on the 6th Avenue Line, where Wulfgar takes an elderly woman on the platform hostage as a human shield. DaSilva again hesitates to shoot at Wulfgar (on the risking of hitting the woman hostage) and allows Wulfgar to board the train. Undaunted, DaSilva and Fox climb aboard the rear of the train and chase Wulfgar through the cars until the train stops and he jumps off. Fox catches up to him, but Wulfgar slashes Fox's face with a knife, and gets away by jumping on anther passing train as DaSilva yells and curses at him. Fox recovers quickly -- DaSilva tells him his sharp reflexes kept Wulfgar from slashing his neck. Fox however tells DaSilva that he should have risked the shot when Wulfgar was holding the woman hostage. DaSilva is later seen at the shooting range practicing his marksmanship with a more powerful pistol, a Smith & Wesson Model 29 in .44 caliber. Wulfgar takes refuge in the basement apartment of a little grocery store, where it is revealed that Shakka is now in the United States to inform him that the NYPD and the United Nations delegation members have a description of him. Wulfgar tells Shakka that he is determined to find and kill the two police officers who chased him and begins to look over the files of all the A.T.A.C. police officers that the store owner brings to him. January 17. The members of A.T.A.C. are protecting a United Nations function at the Metropolitan Museum of Art that has the earmarks of a potential terrorist target. Shakka infiltrates the party in disguise. She corners Hartman on an escalator and murders him. Later that same day, Wulfgar and Shakka then hijack a Roosevelt Island Tram car carrying U.N. representatives. Fox, Munafo, and other officers hear about the hostage situation and take positions at both tram stations, while DaSilva takes off in an ATAC helicopter to confront the stranded tram car over the East River. Wulfgar executes the wife of the French ambassador while DaSilva watches, as a penalty for the nightclub and subway chase. Wulfgar decides to release an infant onboard the car, and demands that DaSilva personally board the tramway to rescue it. DaSilva is winched up to the aerial tram and confronts Wulfgar face-to-face. DaSilva demands to know why Wulfgar killed the woman. "I wanted to", the sadist replies. However, he decides to spare his nemesis for the moment. DaSilva and the baby are lowered back down to a waiting barge. Wulfgar then makes a series of demands for the release of various terrorists in various countries as well as a bus to take him and the hostages to JFK airport where a jet will be waiting to take them out of the country, and he also demands that DaSilva drive the bus (implying that Wulfgar intends to kill DaSilva once they reach their destination). The police agree to Wulfgar's demands for a bus to escort him and the hostages to the airport. That evening at nightfall, Wulfgar and Shakka bring the tram car down to Roosevelt Island and hide among the crowd of hostages from the tram. DaSilva waits until they try to board the parked bus before making his move. He plays back a recording of Hartman's lecture in which the terrorist expert denounces Shakka. In a rage, Shakka breaks from the hostages and is gunned down by Fox and various sharpshooters. Wulfgar returns fire on the police. He escapes, driving the bus off a ramp into the East River. A search of the wreckage shows no sign of Wulfgar. Lt. Munafo leads the team where they find the store where Wulfgar has been staying. DaSilva finds that Wulfgar has gathered information on all participating members of A.T.A.C., including Fox, Hartman, and DaSilva. An address of his ex-wife, Irene is found on one of the printouts. Wulfgar makes his way to Irene's house, hides outside, and sees Irene walk up to the house and go in. He quietly breaks in, finds her washing dishes and sneaks up behind her brandishing a knife. But DaSilva has made it to Irene's first; he turns around, wearing his ex-wife's housecoat and a blonde wig, brandishing a gun. With nowhere to go, Wulfgar lunges at DaSilva who fires his revolver twice into the terrorist, blowing him into the street. Wulfgar lays dead on the stoop of Irene's rowhouse while DaSilva sits nearby looking on as it begins to lightly snow.
tt0085478
Comedy,Drama
An English working class girl wants to better herself by studying literature. Her assigned Open University professor however has grown so disillusioned with higher education and all it represents that he initially refuses to teach the vibrant and interesting woman at his door. Despite his protests, he finally accedes to her demands and the education of "Rita" begins. This education comes at considerable cost for Rita, who finds herself growing further and further away from the people she has been closest to as she moves closer and closer to a world that promises more than it can deliver. Starring Michael Caine and Julie Walters, who reprises her role from the stage production. Screenplay by Wiley Russell from his play. Directed by Lewis Gilbert. (PG)
tt0084469
Adventure,Romance
In the Victorian period, David (Willie Aames) and Sarah (Phoebe Cates), two teenagers, travel with a caravan from Baghdad to Damascus. At an oasis, the white slave agent known as the 'Jackal' raids them, mainly to add the beautiful young Sarah to his harem of mistresses. David and Sarah and her manservant, Geoffrey narrowly escape, but all the others are slain in the massacre including David's American missionary parents. However, Geoffrey doesn't survive long, as he accidentally runs into and is killed by the Jackal as the trio takes a rest on their westerly direction toward civilization. Sarah and David's flight leads them to a beautiful oasis in the middle of the arid desert their peaceful place in paradise, where they discover natural love and their sexuality. However, the Jackal has not given up on Sarah yet, and David must lure him to his death, or be killed by him. Eventually, David confronts the Jackal and is able to kill him. Sarah reveals to David that she is pregnant and the two young lovers have finally reached civilization, the Syrian city of Damascus.
tt2388715
Horror,Mystery
The movie begins with two young children trying to open the front door in the middle of the night. The children are Kaylie (Annalise Basso) and her younger brother Tim Russell (Garrett Ryan). The pair are obviously trying to escape from the house. They hear footsteps and turn around to see someone carrying a gun approaching. Kaylie steps between the menacing figure and her brother, staring up defiantly at the gunman. The camera rotates so we see a young man holding the gun, looking horrified. The gun fires and... The young man holding the gun wakes up from his nightmare. We soon learn that this young man is a grown up Tim (Brenton Thwaites). He is in a mental hospital. He tells his doctor that this is the first time that he, and not his dad, was holding the gun in his dream. The doctor says that this is Tim's final breakthrough (it signifies that he has finally taken responsibility for past actions) and will recommend that he be released. Meanwhile, we see his now grown sister Kaylie (Karen Gillan). She works for an auction firm and is overseeing an auction with her fiancée and co-worker, Michael Dumont (James Lafferty). They watch as an antique mirror is auctioned off. The mirror, called the "Lasser Glass," is in near mint condition except for a crack in the bottom right-hand corner. The mirror is sold for tens of thousands of dollars. Tim tells his doctor that Kaylie has found him an apartment and is helping him get a job. The doctor says that it is good for he and Kaylie to reconnect, but also reminds Tim that Kaylie did not receive treatment after the incident but was instead sent into foster care. He says Tim must guard himself and make sure Kaylie doesn't undo his recovery. Tim walks out and Kaylie is waiting for him, a smile on her face. She takes Tim out for lunch and they catch up. Suddenly, Kaylie tells Tim she found "it" and they only have a few days to keep their promise. Tim questions what promise she's talking about. Kaylie replies, "To kill it." In a flashback to 11 years ago, the Russell family is moving into a new house. Tim and Kaylie play happily with each other and their family dog. They are watched by their mother Marie (Katee Sackhoff) while their father Alan (Rory Cochrane) begins setting up his new home office and is on the phone with his boss. Although Alan is a workaholic, he loves his kids, calling them by affectionate nicknames. The movers carry the Lasser Glass into the home and place it into Alan's office. Marie is surprised that Alan bought this mirror, but does admire the mirror's beauty. Back in the present, Kaylie drops Tim off at what looks to be a hotel room, saying he could stay with them instead. He insists on staying at the hotel and Kaylie says he promised to not forget what had happened. Tim says he was only ten at the time. Kaylie says she is "doing it" the following night and would like his help. She then leaves. 11 years in the past, we see Marie looking in her new bathroom mirror. She lifts up her nightgown to look at her C-section scar. She gets into bed and complains to Alan that her scar looks worse. He asks to look at it and begins kissing her belly while asking "what scar?" Marie is pleased at her husband's flattery and the two make love in their new home. We later see Alan downstairs getting a midnight snack. As he journeys back to the bedroom, he thinks he sees a ghoulish woman in the hallway. He turns on the light and walks into his office, where all he sees is the mirror. Present: Kaylie sleeps in her bed. She is awakened by a dog barking and goes into the hall to find the mirror hanging in one of the rooms. She steps in and examines it, then turns and is attacked by her father, strangling her with a demonic grin. She begins screaming... then wakes up in bed next to Michael who is comforting her. He says she was having one of her night terrors. The next morning, Kaylie is confronted by Michael at work. He notes that she submitted an order to have the Lasser Glass repaired before it is delivered to the winning bidder. Michael says that when he last spoke to the head of the company, the boss had not wanted to repair the mirror. Kaylie says the boss changed his mind. Michael also says that the I.T. department also found images of corpses on her computer. She asks him to have patience with her for a couple of days and then everything will be back to normal. He agrees to stand by her. We see Kaylie walk into the warehouse, where the Lasser Glass is covered by a sheet. She gives the warehouse employee the repair order and tells him she will personally drive the mirror to the repair center. The warehouse employee leaves to process the form and Kaylie takes off the sheet covering the mirror. She sees her reflection and two covered objects behind her. She runs her hand over the crack and then asks the mirror if it remembers her. She also notes that it is probably hungry. She looks up and now sees three objects covered in sheets behind her, and one of the objects moves. She looks behind her and sees only two figures. She turns back to the mirror and says she will be destroying it. Kaylie then sees all three figures behind her move. Kaylie turns around and now there are three objects behind her. She walks over and pulls the sheets off the first two objects, revealing statues underneath. She begins to tug at the third sheet when the warehouse employee comes back in and distracts her. Kaylie looks back and once again sees only two statues. They load the Lasser Glass into her car (covered once again) and Kaylie drives off. Tim calls up Kaylie and says he apologizes for the other day. He wants to see her and asks where they can meet. Kaylie says to meet them at their old home. Past: We see Marie going to water her plants only to find they're all dead. It then cuts to young Kaylie running through the yard, playing laser-tag with her brother. She looks in her dad's office and thinks she sees a woman rubbing Alan's chest. She blinks and the woman disappears. Later at dinner they sit around talking. Alan seems distant and is chewing his nails. Marie says that she always hated that habit. Alan accidentally chews his nail completely off. He goes and puts on a bandage. Kaylie asks him who the woman in his office was. He responds that there was no woman in his office. Present: Tim and Kaylie arrive at the house, Kaylie letting a small dog out of a carrying cage. She tells Tim to look around. Kaylie tells him the house sat on the market until she leased it when she turned 18. She asks him to help her with something before he goes. Tim helps her carry the mirror, still covered, inside their father's old office where there are numerous computers and cameras set up, and some kind of device on the ceiling. Kaylie tells him it's a kill switch. She tells Tim he can leave if he'd like, but she needs to get started. He says he will stay for a while. Kaylie turns on one of the cameras and introduces herself and her brother before detailing her numerous precautions she has set up. She explains the cameras and computers all have their own power source, that there is an alarm to remind her to change the tapes, another alarm to remind them to eat and drink, and that there are thermometers in each room which will go off if there is a significant change. She explains the point of the experiment is to prove the mirror possesses a paranormal entity. She also receives a phone call from her fiancée and explains that she has requested he call her each hour. She has researched the history of the Lasser Glass and begins telling it to the cameras. Every person who has owned the mirror ended up dying a gruesome death, often mutilating their own bodies or being driven to madness. Many of the victims were found dehydrated or malnourished. With each victim, she holds up photos of the victims, crime scenes and locations, which were the pictures previously printed off of her work computer. One of the timers goes off. The two sit down and eat. Tim asks her who the tapes are meant for. She says everyone who ever accused Tim and her father of being murderers. Tim says their father was a murderer and a sick man. Kaylie slaps him and tells him not to speak of their father that way. She then resumes detailing the mirror's history for the camera. We learn that their father had tortured and killed their mother before Tim shot their father in front of Kaylie. She says she intends to prove that they were all victims of the mirror and not responsible for their actions. Tim asks why they don't just destroy the mirror now. Kaylie tells him to do so if he can. We see a quick flashback of Kaylie and Tim swinging golf clubs at something. Tim takes a stool and walks over to the mirror to smash it. He then puts the stool down and tries to convince Kaylie that she is delusional and this is just her trying to cope with what happened. Kaylie points out that Tim has put the stool down and asks if he remembers putting it down. He doesn't answer, but Kaylie says that the mirror has defenses against a direct human attack. She says in its recorded history only one person ever tried to attack the mirror. He tried to hit it with a fire poker, but stopped just before he struck it. After staring at it for some time, the man left his home and walked into traffic where he was killed. Tim says he did not destroy the mirror because Kaylie must break her own delusions. Kaylie then demonstrates the kill switch rigged to the ceiling, which is an axe connected to an egg timer. If the timer isn't reset every half hour, the axe will swing down from the ceiling right into the center of the mirror. Past: Alan types away at his computer in his office. The bandage is still on his injured finger and is bothering him. He takes it off and begins typing again, only to see the bandage is still on his finger. He tries to take it off, but it is stuck. He uses a staple remover to try and grip it, but ends up digging it into his own finger, drawing blood. Alan realizes that the bandage had not been on his finger after all. He looks up and approaches the mirror. He then calls the children into his office and accuses them of moving his things around, though the children deny it. He tells them they are not allowed in the office. Present: Kaylie is telling Tim that the mirror feeds off of life force, starting with plants and animals. Thus, she has healthy, live plants and the dog in the house so that the mirror can begin feeding from them while she records it. Tim says the plants in their house likely died due to poor water quality, and notes the plants throughout the house are all alive and well. Kaylie tells him to give it time and places the dog she brought back in the cage, placing both in the front of the mirror and covering it. The Lasser Glass also interferes with electricity, which is why she has plenty of spare light bulbs and battery-powered devices. Its power also causes extreme changes in temperature (thus the thermometers). It eventually consumes its owners, dehydrating and feeding off them, often after driving them to madness in the process (thus the timers to remind them to eat and drink). She says that she has a couple other safeguards. First Michael has agreed to call Kaylie every hour (though he is unaware of her plan, her belief that the mirror is evil, or why Kaylie wants him to call) and if she doesn't answer, to call the police. Past: We see the Russell's family dog, Mason, laying on the ground, looking very ill. It then cuts to Alan and Marie discussing the gun he has bought for safety. Marie is very upset and he agrees to lock it up. As she leaves the room, she hears Alan call her a "grotesque cow." When questioned, he says he did not say anything. Her already sensitive psyche is wounded. Later, Marie is woken by the sound of their dog barking outside Alan's closed office. She goes to let him in and he bites her and runs away. She pulls on the door again and yells for Alan, who yells back that he is working. Marie hears him talking to someone and she attempts to listen in when Alan suddenly opens the door. She asks who he is talking to and he says he isn't talking to anyone. Marie, upset, says there is something wrong with the dog and that Alan is lost in his own world. They begin arguing loudly. The next day, Alan leaves to go golfing with a client and tells the children to stay out of his office. Marie becomes annoyed with Mason, who is once again barking outside Alan's office and lets him in, closing the door behind him. The dog begins to whimper but Marie is unable to open the doors. When Alan gets home, Marie says she had to lock the dog in the office, telling the kids he was "grounded." Alan unlocks the door but the dog has disappeared. Present: Tim tells Kaylie she is remembering the events wrong and that Mason got sick and had to be taken to the vet. Kaylie insists they sat outside the door and that Tim has been brainwashed. Past: Marie and Alan are fighting again, Alan telling Marie she is losing her mind. They are loud enough to wake up the kids. When tucking her in, Kaylie asks Marie if they're fighting because of the woman in the office. Present: Tim tells Kaylie their father was having an affair and her memories regarding the mirror are fabricated; that it was a bad marriage and that was it. Kaylie argues she went through everything in the estate and there was no proof of an affair. The two continue arguing until Tim gets frustrated and lets the dog out of its cage and out of the house. He points out that the plants are still alive and the only one endangering the dog is Kaylie. He then begs Kaylie to leave the house with him, saying they can go somewhere and deal with everything together. Kaylie agrees to disarm the trap and take the cameras down, but just as they are about to do so Kaylie sees that the plants in the house are dead and the cameras have been turned away from the mirror. They replay the tape and see that during their argument they were subconsciously moving the video cameras. Kaylie also knows that the temperature has gone up over five degrees but the alarms have not gone off. Tim goes to call his doctor but Kaylie stops him and says to make any calls outside, as the mirror can mimic voices on the phone so long as they are within its range. Tim runs outside and attempts to call his doctor, getting an error message each time. He is suddenly distracted by Kaylie saying his name. It turns out he never left the house but had crouched in the hallway and spoke to nobody. Past: Young Kaylie walks into the office to find her mother there with the vacuum, gently swaying in front of the mirror but otherwise not moving. Later, Marie, Tim, and Kaylie sit at the dinner table without Alan. Marie is drinking an entire bottle of wine herself and has made toast for dinner. She looks physically ill. Marie asks the kids to tell her more about the woman in Alan's office. Kaylie lies and says she didn't see a woman after all, but Tim says that he has now seen the woman. Tim says the woman was standing on the stairs the previous night and it scared him. He says he thinks she lives in the office. Marie tells them to go upstairs and play. Marie enters the office and sits at Alan's desk, where she sees a paper covered with scribbles and the name "Marisol." Devastated, she shoves the items off of Alan's desk. While cleaning the mess, she runs her fingers over a family portrait before yelling and throwing a pen holder at the mirror. It misses and hits the wall. The lights suddenly dim and Marie sees a smiling reflection of herself in the mirror. The reflection looks down and undoes the buttons on her dress, revealing her C-section scar has reopened. Marie screams and Tim and Kaylie run downstairs. Marie turns around and tries to strangle Tim. Kaylie pulls him free and they run away, Marie chasing them. They lock themselves in their bedroom while Marie slams on the door. Alan comes home and runs upstairs. Marie grabs his head and he pulls her arms away. She begins slapping and fighting him. He gets her in a chokehold until she seems to pass out. Kaylie sticks her head out and Alan tells her to go back inside. Alan pulls his cellphone out and dials 911. We hear whispered voices from the mirror and Alan hangs up his phone. He pushes Marie off of him and drags her away. Kaylie opens the door again and sees her father walking down the hall with chains in his hand. Present: Kaylie is comforting Tim, who seemed to be having a flashback. They return to the room with the mirror, where Kaylie is turning the cameras back on. On the computers, Tim sees Kaylie approaching the screen. The lights dim and we see brief flashbacks of him and Kaylie. Past: Tim and Kaylie are in their father's office, where he tells them their mother is very sick and will need to rest for a while but that they are not to bother her. Kaylie asks what's wrong with her, but Alan does not answer, instead telling them they can hang out in the office and play video games. Tim says he thought they weren't allowed in there. One of the lights goes out. Present: The alarm goes off for them to eat. Kaylie hands Tim an apple and asks him to help her replace the lights that have gone out. We see a brief flashback of Kaylie yelling at Tim, who seems to be in a trance, as well as Alan going up the stairs with a plate of food. The light Tim just replaced goes out. Kaylie replaces another light, which immediately goes out. She replaces it again and picks up the apple she had set down. When she takes a bite out of it, she finds she has bitten into a light bulb. She pulls the bloody piece of glass out of her mouth in horror. Tim then appears and she finds that it was in fact the apple she had bitten. She tells Tim they should stay together. Past: Tim watches cartoons when the TV suddenly turns to static. He and Kaylie hear pounding from upstairs and Tim says he's hungry. They look in the fridge but it has barely anything in it. Kaylie storms into her dad's office and tells him that he needs to go grocery shopping. She also tells him the TV is out and they need to call a doctor for their mother. Alan simply stares at the mirror, distracted, and says it's on his list. Kaylie becomes frustrated and leaves. The two go upstairs and Kaylie decides to tell their mother they are out of food. She opens the door where their mom is. It's filthy and there's broken glass on the floor. When Kaylie approaches the glass, Marie suddenly lunges at her. She is chained to the wall by her neck and is missing most of her teeth. Kaylie runs out of the room. Back in the office, Kaylie demands they call a doctor. Alan becomes angry and says Kaylie's problem is that she does not listen. He says she and Tim are not to set foot outside the house. Kaylie later calls a doctor. When she gets off the phone, Tim asks what he said. She said he told her to have their father call and had the same voice as the last doctor they called. We cut to Kaylie walking up the lawn and knocking on their front door with one of their neighbors. Alan apologizes and tells their neighbor Kaylie is upset about Marie's illness and is acting out. We also see Alan has chewed his nails almost completely off. He looks up at Kaylie and goes into his office. Present: Kaylie leans against the mirror with her eyes closed. She opens them to find the timer for the kill switch is about to go off and runs to reset it. She yells for Tim and one of the timers goes off. She throws it on the ground. Tim is upstairs, looking at his younger self, who looks up at him. The lights go out and older Tim disappears. Young Tim walks down the hall and yells for Kaylie. We see older Kaylie walking downstairs with a lamp. The power has gone out so she turns on some emergency lamps throughout the house, kicking and smashing a pot in anger as she does so. As she goes upstairs, young Tim walks down the stairs past her. While turning on one of the lights, she see broken ceramic and chains. She tells herself it isn't real and leaves the room. Young Tim opens the office door and asks his dad to fix the lights. He sees a gruesome woman hunched behind Alan, and she comes to the door. Young Tim screams and runs back upstairs, where he locks himself in his room and hides in the corner. Older Tim is on the other side of the room watching. Kaylie is back downstairs, where she sees broken plates all over the floor. She picks up a piece, pulls out her cellphone and uses the camera to scan the floor. The shards do not show up on the camera. She turns and sees her mother standing behind her. She screams and instinctively stabs her mother in the neck with the broken plate. Her mother is shown to actually be her fiancée, who drops to the ground, bleeding. Tim comes downstairs and Kaylie asks if he sees him, unsure if he's real or not. Tim crouches by him and Kaylie's phone rings. She answers it and it's her fiancée on the other line. Kaylie says she couldn't have killed him because the plate wasn't real. Tim looks at the floor and sees the broken pot. Kaylie uses the camera on her phone to look at the body and finds it shows up on camera. She begins to sob. Tim takes Kaylie outside and calls 911. Kaylie tries to run back in and Tim stops her, telling her they just have to wait for the kill switch to go off. Suddenly all the lights in the house come back on and they see themselves in the room with the mirror, standing in front of it. Tim says it's a trick to get them back inside, and Kaylie says it may be a trick to keep them standing there. She tells Tim to call for help again. He calls 911 again and gets the response that he's going to have to have his father call. Kaylie breaks the phone and asks Tim what they should do. Past: Alan is in the office, leaning on the mirror. He then sits at his desk, pulls out a gun and begins loading it. Tim, outside watching, runs upstairs and tells Kaylie. Kaylie says they're going to have to smash the mirror. Present: Tim and Kaylie enter the room with the mirror, seeing themselves still standing in front of it. There is now also the woman from before, speaking with their father's voice. Kaylie keeps repeating that it's not real. She looks down and sees young Tim holding her hand. He pulls away and runs. The woman smiles at Kaylie and she follows Tim. Past: Kaylie and Tim run upstairs, locking themselves in their room. We then see their mother break a plate and begin eating one of the pieces. The door opens and Alan enters with the gun. Marie crawls towards him and tries to lunge at him. He puts the gun under her chin and she freezes. He unlocks the chain around her neck and she slowly stands. Present: Tim and Kaylie are in the bathroom, Kaylie on the floor. Kaylie asks if he's still there. Tim says he was never there, that he's upstairs. Kaylie asks how he can be sure. He tries to reassure her and opens the door but their mother is standing on the other side. Past: Kaylie and Tim hold the door shut. Kaylie says they have to get downstairs. Tim says she's not gone. Kaylie says they have to open the door and run downstairs. She opens the door and the two run down the hall. Marie lunges at them from the down the hall and Kaylie hits her with a golf club. Tim runs downstairs only to find Alan in front of the office, while Kaylie runs down the hall into the room their mother had been in. She opens the window and jumps out, hurting her leg on the landing. She gets up and limps to the front yard, where she sees two ghastly people standing in the window, smiling. Present: Tim watches Alan walk down the hall, telling himself it's not real. Alan fires the gun. Past: Kaylie goes back into the house. Present: Kaylie walks into the room with the mirror where she sees her fiancée's corpse standing in front of it with a smile. She walks down the hall, calling for Tim. Past: Kaylie walks down the hall. Tim gestures to her but she doesn't understand. Suddenly Marie lunges at her and knocks her to the ground, where she begins strangling her. After a few moments, she loosens her grip, seeming to return to normal. She is then shot from behind by Alan. Kaylie grabs Tim and runs while Alan, surrounded by the corpses of the past victims of the mirror, kills her. Kaylie and Tim hide behind a door, watching until their father is gone. They then run, grabbing golf clubs and head into the office where they begin to strike the mirror, only to find that they are only hitting the wall. Alan enters the room, gun in hand, and points it at Kaylie. Tim strikes his arm with the golf club, knocking the gun down. Alan starts to strangle Kaylie, but lets go when Tim picks up the gun and yells at him. Alan turns around and kneels in front of Tim. He points the gun at himself, wraps his finger around the trigger and nods. The gun goes off and Alan falls, dead. The corpses of the past victims approach them from behind, cornering them against the wall. They open their mouths and the sounds of the alarms are heard. Present: Tim is in the room with the mirror on the floor, covering his ears to block out the alarms. He yells for Kaylie. We cut to young Kaylie in the office. She sees her mother in the mirror. She walks towards her, her mother holding her arms out to hug her. They embrace. Tim walks to the kill switch and sets it off, only seeing afterwards that Kaylie was in front of it and has been killed by the kill switch. The mirror appears unharmed. Past: Kaylie makes Tim promise they will destroy the mirror and make things right. Present: Tim is arrested. As he is driving away, he sees the corpses of his entire family in the window of the house.
tt0081318
Horror
In New York City, during a séance held in the apartment of medium Theresa, Mary Woodhouse (Catronia MacColl) experiences a traumatic vision of a priest, Father Thomas (Fabrizio Jovine), hanging himself from a tree branch in the cemetery of a remote village called Dunwich. When the images overwhelm her, Mary breaks the circle, goes into convolutions, and falls to the floor as if dead. The police, led by Sergeant Clay, interrogate Theresa, but fail to heed her warnings of an imminent evil. Outside the apartment building, Peter Bell (Chirstopher George), a local journalist, tries to gain entry to the premises but is turned away. The following day, Mary is buried in a local cemetery on Long Island overlooking Manhattan and Peter visits her grave site. The gravediggers (Perry Pirkanen and Michael Gaunt) leave Mary's half-covered coffin at the end of their work shift and leave. Soon, Peter hears muffled screams as he reluctantly leaves the graveyard. Using a pickaxe, he frees the screaming woman from her premature burial, but with the pickaxe coming dangerously close to her head as it smashes through the casket lid. Peter and Mary visit Theresa where she warns them that according to the ancient book of Enoch, the events Mary has witnessed in her visions presage the euroption of the living dead into our world. The death of Father Thomas, a marked priest, has somehow opened a door through which the living dead can enter and the invasion will commence on All Saints Day, just a few days away. In Dunwich, Bob (Giovanni Lombardo Radice), a lonely youth with a bad reputation, wonders into a desolate, empty house. He finds a rubber doll which inflates itself. But before he can use it, the sight of a rotting babys corpse scares him away. At Junie's Lounge, the barman discusses recent events with two local men, Mr. Ross (Venantino Venanini) and Mike. Strange events have been occurring the last few days, and Mr. Ross is inclined to blame Bob. When a mirror shatters and the wall cracks inexplicably, the men leave, despite the bartender's offer of free drinks. Across town, Gerry (Carlo De Mejo), a psychiatrist, is in consultation with Sandra (Janet Agren), a neurotic patient, when Emily Robbins (Antonella Interlenghi), his 19-year-old girlfriend and personal assistant, arrives. She tells Gerry that she's on her way to meet Bob, whom she has been trying to help. After Emily leaves, Sandras pet cat, whom she has been holding through her session, suddenly scratches her badly on her hand, and huddles in a corner. That evening, Emily visits Bob at a disused garage, but unearthly groans scare him away. Emily is left alone when she faces the supernatural apparition of Father Thomas who smothers her with a maggott-covered hand. A short distance away, Rose Kelvin (Daniela Doria) and Tommy Fisher (Michele Soavi), a teenage couple, are making out in Tommys jeep near the vicinity when they too face the ghostly image of Father Thomas outside the jeep. With a powerful, mesmerizing stare, Father Thomas makes Rose's eyeballs bleed and she meets a ghastly fate by vomiting her entire guts out while Tommy watches, and he is immediately killed by getting his head ripped open by an unseen ghoul. The next morning, there is no sign of Rose or Tommy, while Emily's body is found at the garage. The local pathologist Dr. Joe Thompson (director Lucio Fulci), cannot make a clear assumption to how Emily died except from a heart attack caused by shear fright. After Dr. Thompson leaves the scene, Sheriff Russell finds a small puddle of black, worm-infested fluid nearby. Mr. Robbins tells the sheriff and Gerry of his suspicious about Bob. Meanwhile, Peter and Mary leave New York and embark upon their search for the town of Dunwich, as seen in Mary's vision. As All Saints Day approaches, the people of Dunwich suffer further ghostly visitation in advance of the Hellish outpouring. That evening, Bob sees Father Thomas hanging in the deserted house he frequents. At the local morgue, a mortician is bitten on his hand by the cadaver of a old women, called Jane Holden, whilst trying to steal her jewelry. The apparition of the dead Emily pays a nocturnal visit to her little brother John-John (Luca Paisner). At Sandra's house, the corpse of Mrs. Holden appears without explination on her kitchen floor. Sandra calls Gerry for help, and he tries to cling onto the possibility of a rational explination. But as soon as Gerry arrives, the body has disappeared as mysterious as it appeared. Investing noises upstairs in Sandra's house, the doctor and patient witness broken glass fly from a shattered window into the wall opposite. The wall bleeds before their eyes, forcing them to flee the house. Meanwhile, Bob has taken refuge at the Ross household in the garage. When Mr. Ross's teenage daughter finds him and tries to comfort him after he tries to explain whats going on outside, the rabid patriarch enters, and mistakenly assuming that Bob is trying to seduce his daughter. The vicious Mr. Ross kills Bob in a horrific way by impaling his head on a drilling lathe. The following morning, Peter and Mary follow a bland village priest's directions to the shunned village of Dunwich. Arriving at the graveyard, they begin searching for Father Thomas' tomb. Gerry and Sandra also arrive after following a trail there, and the two couples exchange stories about their recent events. They begin to become acquainted at Gerry's office when a sudden violent storm blasts through the window, showering the four with maggots. When it's over, Gerry receives a distressing phone call from John-John Robbins. The little boy says that his dead sister has returned from the grave during the night and killed his parents. The four rush over the Robbins' house and find that John-John's story is true. Sandra offers to take the boy to her apartment while, Peter, Mary, and Gerry try to find the sheriff. Upon arriving at the entrance to Sandra's apartment building, she is killed by the malevolent zombie/ghost of Emily, who rips Sandra's scalp off. John-John runs through the fog-shrounded streets of the town, evading more zombies of the townspeople, when he is saved by Gerry who hands the boy over to the police. At Junie's Lounge, Mr. Ross, Mike, and the barman are attacked and finally killed by the marauding ghouls as a state-of-emergency is declared over the radio. Mary, Peter, and Gerry arrive back at the graveyard as All Saints Day begins. They decent into Father Thomas' family tomb, discovering an underground grotto of skeletal remains and cobwebbed putrescenes. Sandra appears as a zombie, and kills Peter by ripping his brains out. The zombie Sandra is then immobilized by Gerry who impails her to a cave wall with a pitchfork to her chest. Mary and Gerry are forced to go on until they reach a weired, stained-glass chamber coated in musk and dust. There, they face Father Thomas who has re-entered corporeal existence with his supernatural powers intact. Mary and Gerry look on as all of the dead begin to emerge from their tombs and surround them. Father Thomas once again begins to use his powerful and mesmerizing stare making Mary's eyeballs bleed. Before his stare can turn Mary inside out, Gerry grabs a large, rotting, wooden cross and disembowels Father Thomas. The evil priest's decayed guts are punctured, and he and the massing zombies burst into flames and return to dust. The Gate of Hell have apparently been closed. Mary and Gerry struggle from the subterranean catacombs of the night and emerge back out of Father Thomas' tomb into the graveyard at morning, to see John-John running excitedly towards them. As he approaches, Mary and Gerry's joy turns to disquietude, and then to fear, until the movie suddenly ends as ambiguously as it began... with Mary's scream.
tt0087921
Drama
It is Sunday afternoon on March 31, 1935 in Waxahachie, Texas, a small town some 40 miles south of Dallas. During the opening credits, a popular Protestant church hymn "Blessed Assurance" is playing, giving the audience glimpses of the central Texas prairie, people leaving church, having lunch in a restaurant, Sunday dinner at home, a homeless black man going up to a door for a meal, a homeless woman living in her car, and abject poverty nearly all blacks were forced to live in due to the segregation and discrimination laws. The hymn ends with Royce Spaulding, the town sheriff, saying grace for he and his family. During the lunch meal prayer, there are gun shots being fired outside. Sheriff Spaulding is summoned by a deputy that a drunken young negro Wylie is firing shots. The young man accidentally fires his gun shooting the sheriff in the chest and killing him instantly. Soon after his body is brought into the home, local vigilantes have dragged the body of Wylie to his death and displaying to Edna Spaulding outside her home reminding her that negro's killing whites will never go unpunished, even if accidental. Her sister Margaret arrives and tells them to leave. Meanwhile, an affair has been going on between Edna Spaulding's brother in law, Wayne Lomax, and teacher Viola Kelsey at an abandoned shack on the prairie. Edna and her sister, Margaret Lomax are preparing the body of her husband for the funeral and have the wake at Edna's house with numerous people attending and bringing potluck food. Margaret tries to comfort Edna with Edna unsure about what she will do to support the family because she has never worked outside the home and knew nothing about her husband's finances. At dusk, the hanged body of Wylie has been recovered by family members and the next day we are shown the very simple, bluesy funeral of Wylie's burial in a pine box in a segregated negro cemetery of homemade wood markers, whereas the funeral of Edna's husband is very elaborate in comparison and nicely done at a church and cemetery. Soon after the funeral and after the last mourners leave the house, a homeless black man named Moze comes to Edna's home if she has any work for him. Edna tells her she can fix him a plate of food, but then needs to leave. The next morning, Edna hears wood being chopped outside in her yard. Moze is still around. She tells him once again she can make him a plate of food, but then needs to leave. Moze tells her about all kinds of handyman projects that can be done around the house and while doing so, he sneaks a set of silverware to steal. Local banker Albert Denby makes a trip to Edna's home and tells her the situation of the debt on the home and that she may need to sell her home and move in with relatives in order to make ends meet. Edna refuses and is determined to keep her homestead and children and find a way to make ends meet. That night, a local sheriff brings Moze to Edna's home having caught him with the stolen silverware and Moze claiming to work for her. Edna defends Moze to the sheriff telling him he didn't go with the silverware where he was supposed to. Edna now sees an opportunity to hire Moze inquiring him how much he knows about cotton farming, but also assures him she will shoot him herself if he ever tries to steal from her again. Edna makes a trip to the downtown bank and asks Mr. Denby if he can teach her how to write a check and she also tells him she has hired a negro man to help out that is giving her tips on how to make money cotton farming. Mr. Denby dismisses her idea as very wrong and ignorant hiring a negro and that many white property owners have sold their homes or been foreclosed on. Edna stands her ground that she is moving forward. On April 5, Edna and Moze are at Mr. Simmons' Cotton Gin to purchase seed for a cotton crop. Moze spots right away she's being sold a lower grade seed for higher grade price and Edna tells Mr. Simmons it's the wrong seed. Mr. Simmons berates and intimidates Moze for his "honest mistake" and gives Edna the higher quality seed. Moze is back at Edna's place nailing good luck charms on the barn he is sleeping in. He's mumbling to himself about how he could have been killed for speaking up. Edna's son Frank introduces himself to Moze while he's working. Moze refuses to warm up to the boy at first, but Frank is more than happy to help him work and assist him. Mr. Denby makes a trip back to Edna's home introducing his brother Will, a blind World War 1 veteran that he offers to live with her and pay her room and board per month. Despite Mr. Denby trying to butter Will up and Edna trying to be friendly and make small talk with Will, he is reluctant and tersely tells Edna he just wants his space and not to be felt sorry for. There is a dance going on at an old white wood frame house with a group called The Lone Star Syrup Boys playing and many townspeople attending. Wayne gets home from work and he and Margaret make love. They arrive late at the dance with Buddy and Viola Kelsey having been concerned about them. Viola is now upset and keeps a distance from Wayne because she knows he still loves his wife and has sex with her. Back at the Spaulding place, Frank and Possum sneak into Mr. Will's bedroom and play the story "Trent's Last Case" on his victrola. Edna calls the kids almost immediately and in a state of panic, Frank runs the needle across the record scratching it, putting it back in its case, and coming downstairs. Some moments later, Edna is preparing herself a hot bath in a galvanized steel tub and Mr. Will storms into her room angrily not realizing she's naked and bathing yelling at her feeling humiliated, that he would love to leave her house if there were other choices, and is furious about her children going through his things. She stands up for her kids, he hits the water in the tub and is now embarrassed. He exits the room. At dawn, Edna and Moze begin plowing the 30 acres of land to begin the cotton crop. There is also a brief scene of the Lone Star Syrup Boys tired and on the road. Viola is outside at the schoolhouse during recess and Wayne drives by staring and flirting with her. She's distressed at this and goes to the back of the schoolhouse about to light an Old Gold cigarette. Several boys, including Frank Spaulding, are behind the school sneaking a cigarette and get caught. Viola brings Frank home from school and very reluctantly Edna decides to administer punishment. Frank tells her that he would have received "ten good licks" from his father. She follows through with it in the pantry and Frank manages to save face during the punishment. Edna is very upset by having done it and confesses it to Mr. Will. Margaret is at her home beauty shop tending to a customer and it's getting darker, radio static, and lights flickering despite being the afternoon. At the same time, Moze is working in the fields and sees a tornado coming through. Viola leads her school to the back of the classroom using a piano as a shield. Frank runs to his home. The woman living in her car tries to get Frank to come to safety in the vehicle, but he refuses. At Margaret's home, a customer shuts a window with it shattering and small shards of glass hitting her in the face. Moze gets the family to safety in the cellar and Frank makes it in time. Part of the schoolhouse is torn off and many other homes are totally destroyed. After the tornado is over, there is only minor damage of the Spaulding place that can be fixed in days, but the schoolhouse is badly damaged and the woman in her car was killed with the car turned upside down. Viola's husband Buddy comes to the rescue. After seeing the damage she pleads with him to leave town for the city because of the poverty and frequency of tornados. It is now September and Edna is in the kitchen preparing breakfast and Mr. Will turns on the radio with the farm and livestock report. It is announced that cotton is now at an all time low of 3.5 cents a pound. Back at the bank, Edna is pleading to Mr. Denby if somehow the payment of the house can be deferred, as she owes over $150, but only has $24 in her account. Mr. Denby goes to ask his boss, the president of the bank, if it can be done. In the background he shakes his head no. Edna looks at a series of photographs of people bringing in the first bale of cotton a year receiving an additional $100. Edna sees this as an opportunity to be able to make the payment, hire some workers, and still have some money leftover. The cotton is ready to be picked. Moze totally dismisses Edna's proposal to get the cotton picked as quick as possible and get the first bale in. He warns her that the toil from picking the cotton and cuts on her hands will be unbearable. Edna does not back down and tells Moze if they don't do it that he will be back to begging for meals, Mr. Will will be forced to live in a state home, and she and her kids will be separated and lose the homestead. The Lomax and Kelsey couples are at the Lomax home playing cards. Buddy Kelsey announces to them he and Violet are moving to Houston. There is some considerable tension between Wayne and Viola throughout the night. Wayne makes a pass at Viola attempting to grab a set of cards out of her hand and she pulls away. Margaret spots this and knows something is not right. Buddy and Viola leave and Margaret slaps Wayne in the face knowing he's been sleeping with Viola and tells him she doesn't love him and wants a divorce. Edna, Moze, Frank, and Possum are all picking cotton in the hot sun for hours with Edna getting cuts on her fingers from the hulls. Moze is annoyed by all this thinking it won't work. After having finished four acres, Edna inquires with Moze about hiring pickers. Ten is what they should have. She leaves it to Moze to hire them and risk losing money if she doesn't get the first bale in. The next morning, ten men, women, and children are at the door hired to pick cotton. Edna feeds them a breakfast of cornbread and tea. Afterwards, they go to work. Mr. Will hears several truckloads of people passing through and announces to Moze someone else trying to get ahead of getting the first bale in. Moze tells the workers they need to go faster and have only 3 days left. Edna is struggling to retain her strength and dignity. A country instrumental version of La Golindrina is playing with Edna and her husband dancing. She wakes up from a dream and it is early morning with Mr. Will in the kitchen picking string beans. Edna is stiff, exhausted, and telling him of her dream while still half asleep. She realizes there is only one day left to pick cotton. It is night and oil lanterns have been set up so they can pick cotton. Wayne and Margaret have joined in to speed it up. Mr. Will is on one of the cotton wagons listening to Trent's Last Case on his victrola outside while they finish. A beyond-exhausted Edna is crawling through the cotton fields searching for more cotton to pick with Moze giving her the good news they have now finished. Edna and Moze are parked at Mr. Simmons' cotton gin awaiting his arrival. Moze is giving her instructions on how to bargain with him. Mr. Simmons arrives and tells Edna he needs to charge a fee to gin the cotton, which Moze told her otherwise not to accept. She requests for 4.5 cents a pound, despite the 3.5 cents that was recent on market prices. Mr. Simmons gets tough and insists he will give her 2.75, she drops it to 4. He finally bargains with 3.5 and says there is no way he can go higher. He asks her to leave and take her business elsewhere. She looks at the picture on his desk, which was one of the pictures in the bank earlier and reminds Mr. Simmons that this will probably be the first year he does not get the first bale of cotton for the season and that another dealer might just go for the same price she requested. He tersely asks her to sit down. Edna comes out of Mr. Simmons' office. She managed to get the cotton up to 3.75 cents a pound and a received nice check for it. She's still somewhat dissatisfied and believes they could have done more, but Moze insists they would have died from overwork. Edna is sitting in her kitchen now repairing a set of work shoes and somewhat at peace and Mr. Will approaches her asking for a cup of tea. He reluctantly asks her a question as to what she looks like. She goes over the details of her personal appearance with him comparing herself to other relatives. Then the teapot whistles and his tea is ready. Edna, her children, and Wayne and Margaret Lomax go to a town dance at an outdoor shed. The Lonestar Syrup Boys are performing once again playing La Golindrina. Frank asks his mother Edna to dance with him. There are still tensions between Wayne and Margaret, they dance together, and he's still trying to make up with her. Buddy and Viola Kelsey are also at the dance with a still jealous Viola watching Wayne and Margaret dance. Back at the Spaulding farm, Mr. Will is caning a chair and hanging out with Moze with Moze discussing the success of Edna's bargaining with the cotton buyer. He hears some activity going on in the back, but Moze dismisses it. But he goes outside to check on what's going on. There are four Ku Klux Klansmen that go after Moze beating him. Mr. Will steps outside with Sheriff Spaulding's gun threatening the klansmen to leave. He identifies the men as customers of his he knows and Mr. Simmons, the cotton buyer, who is obviously outraged at having been cheated out of money by Edna because of Moze's instructions to her on how to bargain with him and taking it out on Moze. Mr. Will shoots the gun, the men leave, and Mr. Simmons assures Moze he is not yet finished with him. Edna is back home rushing to Moze at what has happened. He's in the barn having cleaned it and packed his belongings. He has cuts and bruises on his face from the beatings. He tells her he needs to leave before the klansmen come back. She worries that he'll be killed and won't be able to manage without him. But Moze knows he needs to leave. He gives Edna small gifts he wants she and her children to have. She is saddened at his leaving, but reassures him that he was the one that made it happen by tilling her land, planting the cotton, and bringing in the first cotton crop in the county for the year and his race had nothing to do with it. Moze accepts her compliment and leaves. Back at the church, the choir is once again singing "Blessed Assurance". Bud and Viola Kelsey are now leaving town passing by the church. The pastor gives a brief sermon about love to the small congregation. Margaret takes Wayne by the hand assuring him of forgiveness. During communion, the choir sings "In the Garden". During this scene, the elements of bread and wine are passed from person to person in a now large congregation dressed casually and in their Sunday Best telling each other "Peace of God". Included in this are The Lonestar Syrup Boys, the woman killed in her car during the tornado, Mr. Denby, Moze, and finally Sheriff Spaulding saying "Peace of God" to Wylie, the young negro boy that accidentally killed him. It is a symbolic scene indicating the "New Heaven and Earth" in the Bible that poverty, racism, oppression, and hatred is all gone and that love and forgiveness are now the rule.
tt0095179
Horror,Thriller
Months after the conclusion of the previous film, 10-year old Tina Shepard (Jennifer Banko) hears her alcoholic father physically abusing her mother. The emotional trauma unlocks Tina's previously latent telekinetic powers, which result in her father's death at the bottom of Crystal Lake. Ten years later, Tina (Lar Park Lincoln) is still struggling with guilt over her father's death. Her mother, Amanda Shepard (Susan Blu), and her doctor Dr. Crews (Terry Kiser) take her from the mental institution that she has been in and out of in the hopes of treating Tina's overwhelming guilt. When in fact, Dr. Crews plans to study and to exploit Tina's abilities by keeping her stress levels high. To make sure they are at their peak, Dr. Crews has them convene at their house at Crystal Lake where her father was killed. Despite suspicions of his true intentions, Tina allows herself to be subjected to the tests. Meanwhile, several teenagers are vacationing in the house next door setting up a surprise birthday party for their friend Michael (William Butler). Included are brainy Maddy (Diana Barrows); perky Robin (Elizabeth Kaitan); science fiction writer Eddie (Jeff Bennett); socialite snob Melissa (Susan Jennifer Sullivan); the stoner David (Jon Renfield); the preppy Russell (Larry Cox) and his girlfriend Sandra (Heidi Kozak); and Ben (Craig Thomas) and his girlfriend Kate (Diane Almeida). Nick (Kevin Blair) is Michael's cousin and aside from that, hardly knows the others. He becomes attracted to Tina and tries to start a relationship with her, despite her initial resistance, she becomes friends with most of the kids and takes strides to return to being "normal." But her situation and initial spite of Melissa who is also eying Nick cause a great deal of tension. After a particularly stressful session with Dr. Crews, Tina bursts out of the house and makes her way to the dock where her father died. Believing she senses him, she uses her telekinetic powers in an attempt to resurrect him, only to inadvertently free Jason (Kane Hodder) from his imprisonment. She tells her mother and Dr. Crews, who believe she is being delusional and seeing things. However, Jason returns to his duties by dispatching Michael and his girlfriend Jane along with a nearby camping couple, Dan and Judy, who all happen to be in the area. Tina panics when she sees a vision of Michael being killed and begins to doubt her own sanity, especially after direct evidence is apparently a delusion when she sends Dr. Crews to investigate. Dr. Crews discovers the bodies of Micheal and Jane and returns to the cabin not telling anyone what he saw. Amanda soon discovers Crews' true motives, however and overhearing the argument, Tina runs away, taking the car, which she crashes shortly afterward after having a vision of Jason killing her mother. Jason enters the grounds and kills Russell with an axe to the face and drowns Sandra in the lake while she is swimming naked. Maddy, who is out to prove she can be attractive like Robin for David, goes looking for him and discovers Russell's body before being killed with a sickle when she hides from Jason. Ben and Kate make up from an argument just in time for Jason to crush his skull and shove a party horn into Kate's eye. He kills David with a knife and moves upstairs to throw Robin out a window. Meanwhile, Tina and Nick reunite in the woods and discover Michael's body. During this time Jason makes his way downstairs to kill Eddie. Nick leaves Tina at the house to warn the other teens and soon discovers Eddie's body. He returns to find Tina gone and Melissa sneaking around the house. He begs her to stay, which she agrees. Amanda and Dr. Crews discover Amanda's car, and during their investigation they discover Jason. After a short run, Dr. Crews holds Amanda as a human shield and she is killed by Jason who stabs her in the back with a scythe. Crews tries to escape, but he is killed by Jason who uses a tree saw. Tina finds her mother's body, then follows Jason back to the camp, discovering bodies along the way before confronting him. Distraught and enraged over her mother's death, Tina finally begins using her telekinetic powers to keep Jason outside of arm's reach. She finally seems to kill him by dropping the roof of one of the house porches on him, but it only slows him down. Tina meets with Nick in which they return to her house and they run into Melissa where they tell her what is going on. Melissa thinks that its all a sick joke, but when she opens the front door to leave Jason appears and axes her in the head, throwing her over a TV set. Tina continues to use her powers to keep Nick from being killed, eventually throwing Jason into the house basement. She douses him with gasoline and uses the furnace's fire to ignite it. She and Nick make their way to the docks just as the house goes up in an enormous explosion. Jason comes back and knocks Nick unconscious and incapacitates Tina. Using her powers, she finally resurrects her father who wraps Jason's chains around him and pulls the killer back into the lake before Tina passes out. The following morning, Nick and Tina are placed into an ambulance where she tells him that "they" took care of Jason, meaning her and her father. Someone discovers Jason's mask, torn in two as the ambulance pulls off into the morning light.
tt0088024
Action,Crime,Sci-Fi
In an unnamed city a few years in the future (from the film's release date, 1984), John Ramsey works as a cop in a special division of the police department called the Runaway Squad. In this future society, people have become dependent on robots to do many daily tasks for them. Ramsey's work involves responding to calls where robots have gone out of control. Ramsey is assigned a new partner, Karen Thompson, who has just transferred into the Runaway Squad. On their first call, they are taken by helicopter to a farm outside the city where an agricultural robot has been toppling crops. The two cops are able to find and deactivate the robot; Karen gets a facefull of dirt for her trouble. While in the chopper heading to the scene, Ramsey confides in Karen that he's afraid of heights. The two next respond to a call from a construction site. A "stacker" droid is dropping heavy bags of material from many stories up. Ramsey refuses to take the job himself due to his acrophobia. Karen takes the job and is able to easily deactivate the droid.
tt1772261
Drama,Horror,Mystery
The haunting and tender story of Chrissie Swanson, a paranoid high school senior for whom graduating has become a matter of life or death. She's an unusual girl in an ordinary town. Her mother's sex life is overshadowing her own; her brother is aboard his own private Enterprise, slipping into one black hole after another; her best friend is hornier than a Prince song; leaving her eccentric grandmother as the only source of wisdom in a rapid downward spiral. As Chrissie tries to take control of the events that shape her life, she finds the events beginning to take control of her, until she is finally cornered by choices with everlasting consequences. Full of humor, wit, and the sacrilegious worldview of a savvy teenager, Downers Grove paints a searing portrait of the American dream in all its broken glory. OFFICIAL SYNOPSIS
tt0086873
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
At the law offices of Schuylar Mifflin, Roger Cobb (Steve Martin) is a lawyer with eleven years behind him, and no future ahead of him. He is running himself ragged working into the evening, and his cases are of no consequence because he has not committed to the practice. His true passion is playing guitar in the Fulton Norris (Gailard Sartain) Orchestra, and after falling asleep at his desk he comes to just in time to rush to a nightclub gig and perform his solo, but he eventually falls asleep again onstage. On the morning of his 38th birthday, his girlfriend Peggy Schuyler (Madolyn Smith) brings him an African grave post for a present. They discuss "the m word" briefly, but Roger seems disinterested in marriage. He is late to work at the law firm, which is her father's, and he was hired as a favor, in spite of being perceived as carrying on his family's misguided standards. On the way to the office, Roger and his canine companion Bix stop by a corner where their blind musician buddy Tyrone Wattell (Jason Bernard) is playing his saxophone for tips. Roger tells Tyrone he has decided to quit his gig and work on law full time. Tyrone tells him it is a mistake to give up his music, but wishes him well. At a palatial estate, Doctor Betty Ahrens (Peggy Feury) informs her frail millionaire patient Edwina Cutwater (Lily Tomlin) that after years of disability because of her chronic heart trouble, she is finally and truly dying. Edwina calls Schuyler Mifflin to speak with senior partner Burton Schuyler (Dana Elcar) to put her final affairs in order. Burton is having an affair with Gretchen (Neva Patterson), and he interrupts their merrymaking to take her call, as Gretchen informs him that his wife subpoenaed her to appear at the divorce hearing. Roger arrives at his office and his secretary Margot (Selma Diamond) reads off his client phone messages before he is summoned to Burton's office. Roger asks Burton for a partnership, saying he has quit the band and is buying a vest later in the day. Intrigued by his attitude, Burton sends him to the Cutwater estate to test his mettle, noting that if Roger is up to the task, his future in the firm is secure. Roger arrives to see Edwina in her wheelchair ordering her staff around, and she treats him as if he were a hired hand. When she learns who he is, she tells Roger she plans to leave her entire multi-million dollar estate to Terry Hoskins (Victoria Tennant), the vibrant daughter of the stable hand Fred Hoskins (Eric Christmas), and Roger will handle the paperwork. He also learns that Terry will actually inherit nothing, as Edwina has hired a guru named Prahka Lasa (Richard Libertini) to transport her soul into Terry's healthy body so she can have a chance at a normal life. Prahka speaks only parroted English and carries a metal bowl with him which will be a vessel for Edwina's soul when her death is imminent. Roger suggests that her will would be contested if she is not considered of sound mind, and Edwina, spoiled and used to getting her way, insults him. He declares her and her companions crazy, and Edwina slaps him, threatening to tattle to Burton about his undesirable behavior. When Roger talks back to her and leaves, Edwina issues orders to the staff for her car and jewelry to wear as she plans to go out. Terry tells Roger she is willing to give up everything to become one with the universe, but he scoffs. When Roger returns to the firm, Margot reveals that Edwina is already there in a board meeting with Burton and the firm's other partner Mr. Mifflin (Michael Ensign). The doctor, Terry and Prahka stand by as Edwina's attitude goads Roger into more arguing, but when Burton pulls him aside and they step out of the office, he laughs off the conflict and agrees that she must be out of her mind to believe in reincarnation. After Roger leaves, Edwina suddenly says she sees a bright light and collapses, while the doctor makes futile attempts to revive her and Prahka sets up the bowl on its stand and he and Terry begin chanting. The bowl spins atop its pole, then settles as if something were inside. During the confusion, the doctor pushes Burton and he bumps the vessel, which goes out the window. As the doctor declares they have lost Edwina, the bowl lands on Roger as he emerges from the building, hitting him in the head. He tries to get up from the pavement as Edwina's voice says she feels different. He stumbles as if his body were not his own. Looking in a car's side mirror, Roger is horrified to see Edwina staring back at him, and they realize that her soul has entered his body by accident. Bix barks at Roger, perceiving the change in his human companion. They struggle to walk properly, and it appears that Edwina is in control of his right side and he his left. Finally they manage to coordinate their gait and return to the building, but before they can go to the office to find Prahka and reverse the error, Roger realizes he needs to use the restroom. Mifflin sees that Roger seems to be acting strangely. The newly merged pair make their way to the men's room. At the urinal, Roger has to coordinate the act of relieving himself with Edwina, who has trouble using his right hand under her control, unfamiliar as she is with men's clothing and genitals. Her grip sends him staggering and in pain, but with coaching from Roger and resignation on Edwina's part, they manage the task. Behind them a curious Mifflin observes Roger speaking in a feminized mashup of Edwina's and his own voice, before she finally tells him that she can read his thoughts and they successfully and quietly finish their bathroom break. In the hallway, Roger admits to Mifflin he was talking to himself. Terry approaches as Mifflin leaves, and says Prahka has left. Burton calls Roger into his office to handle his own divorce case. He confesses that he originally cheated on his wife to comfort a grieving widow, but then so many women found him attractive that he could not stop, and he wants defense from somebody he can trust. Roger reluctantly agrees to take the case. Returning to his office, Edwina tells Roger to look for the phone number to the Ambassador Hotel where Prahka is staying. At the hotel, Prahka is out of his element, having lived his entire life in Tibet with no luxuries, but he discovers the toilet and flushes it just as Roger places the phone call, and the phone in the other room rings. Believing the flush causes the ringing, the curious Prahka operates the lever until the ringing stops when Roger hangs up. Peggy arrives at the office and overhears Roger as he and Edwina resume the argument aloud about the bathroom episode. Believing he is cheating on her, Peggy storms in and demands an explanation. Edwina overrides Roger and throws in her opinion as he tries to tell her what happened, and she mishears Roger as saying he had sex with the dead body of Edwina. She is also mad that he is siding with her father in the divorce case and gives him the ultimatum of either herself or his manhood. He picks the latter and Peggy leaves, saying their relationship is over. Determined to find Prahka, Roger tries to drive with Edwina, while Bix shows hostility toward her being in Roger's body, so he decides to not inconvenience his canine friend and drops the dog off with Tyrone for safekeeping. When Tyrone questions Roger, he relates what happened, and incredibly he believes him. Roger introduces Edwina to Tyrone, and she offers her right hand, forgetting it belongs to Roger. Tyrone kisses it and says he is happy to help because, though he considers Roger a bit strange, he is a true friend. At the memorial service for Edwina, the church is empty but for the presiding cleric and choir, but her oxygen provider and other health aid companies sent mail-grams of condolence. Roger falls asleep in the pew, and Edwina with him. After midnight Terry arrives, and he realizes that he has full control of his body while Edwina sleeps, and he tells Terry everything. She says that if she is going to surrender her body for Edwina, Roger could do her the favor of a last memorable night of passion, so they go to his place and start making love. Suddenly Edwina wakes up and is stunned to see what is happening, but Terry enjoys her retorts as a form of rough foreplay, even enjoying Edwina's attempts to spank her. Despite pleas from Roger, Edwina puts an end to the evening. Terry leaves, realizing that Edwina is indeed inside Roger. When Roger mentions that it was unfair to deprive him of happiness since nobody likely wanted to have sex with Edwina, she says she was always proud to have saved herself. She then breaks down and confesses that she had no friends in her lifetime, which explained the lack of attendees at her memorial. She tells a sad childhood story of a cruel clown who refused to perform for her, and of watching Terry doing all the things she could not as she watched from bed, miserable to be on the sidelines. They reach an understanding, and Roger lets her sleep while he studies the case for Burton. Next morning, after no sleep, Roger tries the hotel again, but Prahka simply ignores the phone and resumes flushing the toilet. Edwina exercises for a groggy Roger and helps him perform his morning routine, saying she looks forward to having a new body. Roger's court appearance is at 8:30 and the funeral is at 10:30, but Roger says he will work it out. At court Burton appears to be losing his case, and Roger falls asleep with Edwina unable to wake him, so she improvises, trying to speak in a lower voice and adapt male mannerisms, but she chooses rude behaviors like hawking and spitting, scratching his crotch and blowing a snot rocket, to the discomfort of the courtroom. She asks Burton about the expensive gifts he gave to the women he was accused of cheating with on his wife, saying that gifting clients was a commonplace business expense. The attorney for his wife says the money was from his personal and not the firm's account, placing the testimony in danger, so a stymied Edwina screams mentally to Roger to wake him up, and he startles back to consciousness. When he asks for and hears the repeat of the court clerk's notes, Roger triumphantly equates Burton's gifts to a perpetual gratuity based on the firm's success and his own salary, which equally supported his own wife in a consistently grand manner. The judge overrules the objection by the other attorney, but when Roger brags mentally to himself that none of Burton's women were clients, Edwina realizes the defense is unfair and blurts it out to the judge before Roger can stop her. Burton fires Roger, the judge fines him for contempt and has him tossed out of the room. Edwina says he is better off not being a lawyer who works against the ideals his family instilled in him, and while married to a woman like Peggy, but he is furious at his unraveled life. Terry puts Prahka into a taxi and pays the driver $200 to stay with him until he is aboard his late night flight back to Tibet. Roger meets her at the funeral, and Edwina sees that Roger has arranged for Tyrone and the orchestra to follow her hearse in an old fashioned New Orleans style procession. When Roger borrows a compact mirror from Terry he sees Edwina is crying with happiness, grateful for what she says is the best gift from the best friend she ever had. Terry demurs when Roger asks if Prahka will show up, and they go to the hotel to check on him. They end up trying again to make love until Edwina thinks of old nuns to kill the mood. Stepping into the restroom, Edwina says she doesn't want to sit in on their sexual exploits, but Roger convinces her to enjoy herself as she starts to pick up on the arousal that is starting to overwhelm their shared body. Prahka then returns from the airport unexpectedly, and upon seeing that Edwina is in Roger's body, he readies the bowl, but Terry dresses to leave, saying Roger must be crazy to think she will give up her body and the inheritance that she now owns. Upset that she made a mistake with Terry, Edwina asks Prahka to give Roger his body back, saying he can put her soul into another creature, but Roger is determined to help her, because his family instilled that sense of justice in him, and refuses. She enjoys being selfless for the first time in her life. Back at the Cutwater estate, Terry orders her father to shower and dress in a tuxedo for her party as the orchestra arrives with two new members-Roger and Prahka--and Bix in a guide harness with Tyrone. At rehearsal, Edwina admires Roger for being such a good musician, and says he should play full time, but she has trouble letting him play his guitar solo, and the rehearsal breaks up. Near the stables, Roger and Prahka wait for Terry to ride in and dismount her horse, and ambush her as Prahka puts Edwina in the bowl. Terry struggles with them, the horse kicks the bowl and it lands in a bucket of water. The bowl is dented, so Prahka needs to fix it before he can get Edwina out of the water, so Roger escapes and creates several distractions as Terry sends guards to pursue him. He puts the water into a glass pitcher, gives it to Tyrone, and refills the bucket with tap water, pausing sadly to see his own reflection in the mirror as Edwina is not with him, then runs with the guards in pursuit until he feigns clumsiness and dumps the bucket into some flowers. He then sees Terry with the pitcher. She pours the contents into a nearby flower bed and calls off the guards, saying Roger is no longer a threat. A sad Roger meets up with Tyrone, who apologizes for not being able to see when the pitcher was taken. Roger relates that he misses the old girl, and Tyrone answers with a retort in Edwina's voice, revealing that he drank the water with her in it. They find Prahka, who has fixed the bowl, and Roger asks Prahka to move Edwina out of Tyrone into him again, as he is the only safe place. The trio and Bix then approach the house after the party and try to sneak in, but Terry prepares a pistol when she hears noises and surprises them, leading them to another room while she tries to concoct a story before she does away with them. The room she chooses has Burton and Gretchen in it, and in the unexpected discovery a scuffle ensues and Roger wrests the gun from her. When Burton says she will be arrested for attempted murder, she says she refuses to surrender as it will be her third conviction and she will go to jail, so she bargains with Edwina. With Fred looking on, Prahka succeeds in placing Edwina into Terry's body, while Terry takes over the body of her favorite horse, whom Fred promises to look after for the rest of her life. In the grand hall, Edwina, now in Terry's body, tells Roger she is scared that now she has no excuses and has what she has always wanted. Roger says he has decided to give up law, and as they enter the ballroom floor he offers to teach her to dance. The mirror reflects the real Edwina sharing her first dance and new life with her new best friend.
tt0102004
Action,Comedy,Crime
New York city Homicide detective John Moss [James Woods] is on the trail of a psychotic serial killer known as the "Party Crasher" [Stephen Lang]. He kills a drug dealer in a nightclub,and after a chaotic chase, manages to elude Moss and his colleagues once again. In Beverley Hills, California, Hollywood movie star Nick Lang [Michael J.Fox] is becoming increasingly tired of playing the same teen idol roles, and his latest movie Smoking Gunn 2, an Indiana Jones style adventure, is the final straw. He decides he wants to get the role in a gritty new film and ditch his squeaky clean image. Having seen John Moss all over the news, he wants to go to go undercover in his police department to do his research for the lead detective role. Moss is furious when his Captain, Brix, [Delroy Lindo] tells him about this, but he's no choice. Lang has pulled some strings with the mayor and Brix himself is a Nick Lang fanatic. He tells him that Lang is going to be teaming up with him under the alias of Ray Casanov, and that for the next two weeks he's going to "babysit" him and show him around and tell him how to be a cop. But Moss has other plans - he wants the Party Crasher and has no intention of letting a pampered actor get in the way. Moss talks to a gang known as the "Dead Romeos" and extracts information about the gun dealer who does business with the Party Crasher, while Nick gets very excited about finding himself caught up in a gang war shootout, and then called to another murder the serial killer has committed. Already frustrated with Nick, things get worse for Moss when he finds out that he has to take him in as well, and then during a date with his girlfriend Susan [Annabella Sciorra], Nick shows up to join them. One night, Moss and Nick go to an old warehouse with a lead on the Party Crasher, and now armed with a gun, Nick shoots a man trying to escape. But Moss tells him it was an innocent civilian, and in order to cover up the incident, it's best that Nick goes back to Hollywood and lets him deal with it. But Nick feels guilty and instead of getting on a plane, he decides to go back to the police station and plead guilty. However, he sees the man there who he supposedly shot and killed, and realises that he is in fact a cop - Moss set the whole thing up to get Nick out of town. Nick takes off in a police patrol car to find Moss, but Moss is in pursuit of the Party Crasher. He sees him pursuing the killer into a cinema (that coincidentally is screening Smoking Gunn 2). A shootout takes place and Moss wounds the killer, but he manages to escape from the ambulance and into the back of Nick's car. Nick becomes brave and scares the Party Crasher with his reckless driving, but after the car flips over, he escapes once again. Susan arrives at Moss's apartment to tell him that she can no longer date him because his job is too dangerous, but upon leaving she is kidnapped by the Party Crasher (which Nick predicted). Moss and Nick go to rescue Susan at the top of a Nick Lang billboard. Nick bravely proves his worth by saving Susan from a fall, and saving Moss's life and taking a bullet. Moss kills the Party Crasher by throwing him off the top of the billboard. Some time later, Moss and Susan are at the cinema with his fellow officers watching Nick's latest movie, which is revealed to be called The Good, The Badge and The Ugly, and Moss is not happy when he realises that a lot of the dialogue in the film consists of things that he has said to Nick during their partnership. "That little son of a bitch has stolen my life".
tt0095863
Action,Fantasy,Horror
Picking up where the first movie left off, the Tall Man and his minions attempt to take Mike (James LeGros), but Reggie (Reggie Bannister) manages to save him after turning on the gas while the fireplace was on, blowing up the house. Six years later, the film introduces Liz Reynolds (Paula Irvine), a young woman with a psychic bond to Mike Pearson and the Tall Man that manifests in the form of prophetic nightmares. After she awakens from one, she looks at her dream journal, which includes drawings detailing characters and events from the first film; during this, she recalls a vision that picks up immediately where the first film ended: after the Tall Man's minions attacked Mike through his bedroom mirror, Reggie heard the commotion and ran upstairs to his aid. He tried to get a shotgun, but was attacked by Lurkers and had to flee, although he managed to surreptitiously snuff the pilot lights on the stove. Once upstairs, he dodged the Tall Man and rescued Mike, and the two dove out of the bedroom window to escape as the gas fumes reached the living room fireplace and destroyed the house. Following this, Liz pleads for Mike to find her, as she fears that when her grandfather dies, the Tall Man will take him. Having been institutionalized as delusional since the first film, Mike feels he can no longer ignore Liz's dream pleas, and fakes his recovery to obtain a doctor's release. At night, he returns to Morningside Cemetery to exhume bodies and is interrupted by Reggie who tells him that the attack at the beginning of the film never occurred. Mike reveals that the coffins he dug up are empty and urges Reggie to help him hunt the Tall Man down. En route to Reggie's house, Mike receives a vision of an impending gas explosion, and frantically tries to warn Reggie seconds before his house is consumed in an explosion, killing his wife Celeste, daughter Bonnie, and Aunt Marta. Mike's futile warning convinces Reggie that he is telling the truth and agrees to accompany Mike on his quest. They break into a hardware store at night and stock up on an abundance of supplies and tools to build weapons including a chainsaw and two double-barrelled shotguns welded together. Over the next several months, Mike and Reggie travel the country roads, encountering abandoned towns and pillaged graveyards, as well as a few traps and apparitions the Tall Man has left. One of them is an apparition of a fully nude deceased young woman. The clues lead them to Perigord, Oregon. Meanwhile, Liz's grandfather has died and she accompanies her grandmother to the funeral with her sister Jeri, who leaves prematurely and mysteriously vanishes. While searching for her, Liz explores the mortuary and discovers an exhumed coffin, but before she can open it, the Tall Man surprises her and she runs away. The presiding priest Father Meyers (Kenneth Tigar) maddened with fear and alcohol withdrawal, desecrates the grandfather's body with a knife in a desperate attempt to thwart the mysterious occurrences he has witnessed. That evening, during a bout of drinking, the reanimated grandfather surprises him at his door and then spirits into the grandmother's bed before absconding with her. In the morning, Liz finds the empty bed and a funeral pin; the Tall Man psychically tells her to return at night if she wants to rescue her grandmother. Prior to their arrival in Perigord, Mike awakens to find that Reggie has picked up a hitchhiker named Alchemy (Samantha Phillips) who eerily resembles the nude apparition. They find Perigord deserted and decrepit, and stop in an abandoned bed & breakfast before venturing out to the cemetery. Liz arrives at the mortuary to search for her grandmother, but is confronted by Father Meyers, who tries to rally her to escape with him but he is killed by a flying sphere. She encounters the Tall Man and discovers that her grandmother is now one of his Lurkers. As she escapes, she and Mike meet in the cemetery and return to the bed & breakfast, where they try to sleep. When a tripped alarm distracts them downstairs, the Tall Man captures Liz, knocks her unconscious and drives her away in his hearse. Mike and Reggie chase him in Mike's deceased brother Jody's car, but the Tall Man runs them off the road and the car explodes. At the crematorium, Liz slowly regains consciousness while being taken into the furnace room by the Tall Man's mortician assistants. She fakes unconsciousness by allowing the assistant to partially undress her and take her crucifix. She manages to fight off the mortician by sending him into an active furnace and escapes. Mike and Reggie break into the mortuary and venture into the embalming room. As Reggie pours hydrochloric acid into a tank of embalming fluid, Mike discovers that the Tall Man, having learned from his mistakes, has hidden his transdimensional portal (Spacegate) behind a heavy steel door. In lieu of a handle, there is a large round "keyhole" in the wall and Mike realizes that they must capture a sphere in order to access the room. They then split up to find Liz. Reggie searches the basement where he is attacked by a Graver, then four Lurkers. Mike saves Liz from a flying silver sphere but they are both attacked by the other mortician, who is defeated when the silver sphere pins his hand to a door and he cuts off the hand with an axe in an attempt to escape another sphere. A laser-armed flying golden sphere pursues Mike and Liz but instead kills the second mortician as he tries to catch them. Reuniting with Reggie, the three pry the mortician's severed hand off the door and carry the embedded silver sphere to the embalming room, where they insert it into the "keyhole" and open the metal door to the white room containing the portal. Reggie ignites the flamethrower to burn the building down, but the Tall Man surprises them, knocking Reggie down, throwing Mike into the portal, and carrying Liz to the embalming table. Reggie helps Mike climb back out, while the Tall Man prepares to embalm Liz alive with a giant probe; Mike pulls the silver sphere from the keyhole and attacks the Tall Man with it unsuccessfully. Liz gets free and stabs the Tall Man with the probe, and Reggie quickly activates the embalming machine, pumping the acid-contaminated fluid into him, causing him to melt. Reggie sets fire to the room and hallways and the trio are greeted at the back entrance by Alchemy, who has procured an abandoned hearse. They ride off with Mike and Liz in the rear compartment and Reggie and Alchemy in the driver's cabin. Reggie thanks Alchemy for coming back for them and tries to flirt with her until she gently plucks a section of hair and flesh from her head, revealing that she is not human. As Reggie screams, the hearse swerves wildly and Mike and Liz try to get out; the hearse stops and a bloody and battered Reggie hits the window before falling to the ground. As the hearse begins to drive away, Mike and Liz tell each other "this is just a dream" but the slot to the driver's cabin opens, revealing the Tall Man who tells them "No, it's not!" Hands break the rear window and pull Mike and Liz through it... mirroring the ending of the first film.
tt0091757
Adventure,Comedy,Family
In the Atlantic Ocean, set in the year 1659, the infamous aging English pirate Thomas Bartholomew Red (Walter Matthau), known as Captain Red, and his ship's teenage cabin boy Jean-Baptiste (Cris Campion), nicknamed "Frog", are lost on a raft without supplies in the ocean. Luckily, Captain Red and Frog are picked up by Neptune, a Spanish galleon en route to Spain. Thrown into the brig, Red and Frog meet the ship's cook Boomako (Olu Jacobs), imprisoned after being accused of poisoning the Neptune's captain Linares (Ferdy Mayne) in a supposed attempt at stealing the golden throne, loot from the Aztec King Catapec Anahuac, that is being secretly transported in the galleon's hold. Captain Red becomes obsessed with capturing the throne for himself. Meanwhile, Frog falls in love with Maria-Dolores (Charlotte Lewis), the niece of Maracaibo's governor, who is travelling on the Neptune as a passenger. When Captain Linares dies, the command of the ship is taken over by his ruthless and ambitious first mate, lieutenant Don Alfonso de la Torré (Damien Thomas) who is also in love with Maria-Dolores, though she does not reciprocate his feelings. Red and Frog, put to work along with Neptune's crew, make an attempt at instigating a mutiny. In response, Don Alfonso has them sentenced to death along with a few other mutineers. However, Captain Red devises a plan that allows them to avoid execution and use the ensuing confusion to launch an open rebellion, which proves successful when most of the crew members rally against their masters. After the battle, Frog gains Maria-Dolores' interest when he saves her from an attempted rape, killing one of his fellow mutineers in the process. Putting himself in command of the Neptune, Captain Red directs the ship to a pirate cove on an uncharted island which is under the control by Dutch (Roy Kinnear), a merchant and old associate of Red. Meeting his former crewmates, Captain Red throws a party and imprisons Don Alfonso and his officers. However, one of Dutch's hostages releases them while the pirates are partying. Don Alfonso and his men return to the Neptune and retake the ship, sailing away with the golden throne in the morning. Using the money he has gained from Dutch, Captain Red purchases an old brig and pursues the Neptune to Maracaibo in Gran Columbia (present day Venezuela). At night, Captain Red, Frog, and Boomako sneak into the governor's residence with Maria-Dolores as their hostage. Red plans to use her as a bargaining chip and force her wealthy uncle to exchange her for the golden throne. Although the governor proves to be unsympathetic for her niece's fate, he becomes more cooperative after Captain Red tortures him instead, finding out that he is suffering from podagra. As Red demands, the governor provides him with a document that entitles him to confiscate the golden throne, posing as the governor's secret messenger. However, Red and Frog fail to carry the heavy throne out of the bay and are later captured by Don Alfonso, who puts them in prison. Maria-Dolores visits them in their cell. She reveals her feelings toward Jean-Baptiste as the two embrace and share a kiss. Maria-Dolores returns to the Neptune, which soon sets off to Spain again, with Don Alfonso promoted to captain. The pirates, informed by Boomako of what has happened, assault the prison the following night, releasing Red and Frog. Captain Red pursues the Neptune in his brig and launches a climatic all-out assault on the galleon. Red sinks his own ship, making retreat impossible, and secretly orders Boomako to prepare a boat in order to make off with the golden throne. In the heat of battle, Frog finds Maria-Dolores and duels with Don Alfonso over her. However, in the end, he remains loyal to Captain Red, abandoning the fight with Don Alfonso in order to aid his leader in capturing the throne. With the Neptune burning and beyond repair, her remaining crew and passengers flee on the boat, while Red, Frog, and Boomako make off in one of their own with the golden throne in their possession. With Maria-Dolores out of his reach now, a furious Frog throws insults at Don Alfonso, who tries to shoot him in retaliation. However, Maria-Dolores intervenes desperately, disrupting his aim, and Boomako is shot dead instead. Red and Frog then leave the scene in their boat, abandoning their surviving crewmates in the water. The final scene from the movie mirrors the first one, with Captain Red and Frog finding themselves alone on a small boat in the open ocean once again... this time with their golden throne.
tt0110557
Adventure,Comedy,Crime
a little girl befriends a monkey who turns out to be a theft so she decides to keep dodger inside her backpack
tt0107254
Fantasy,Horror,Thriller
The undead serial killer Jason Voorhees, thought to be killed in Part 8, is back at Crystal Lake - through some form of unexplained or unknown resurrection - but this time the killer is on the wrong end of an FBI sting. As he is about to kill a woman (undercover FBI agent Elizabeth Marcus), the FBI springs a trap. After gunning him down, they launch a grenade and Jason gets blown to pieces - but, unknown to the agents, Jason's dark heart keeps beating. His remains are sent to a morgue, where the coroner Phil is hypnotized by Jason's heart and begins to eat it, causing himself to be possessed by the demonic spirit of Jason. Jason, now in Phil's body, kills Phil's assistant, and two FBI agents. Jason/Phil then goes to Crystal Lake, where he finds three partying teens named Alexis, Deborah, and Luke. While Luke and Deborah have sex in a tent, Jason/Phil kills Alexis with a scalpel. He then attacks the other two, and splits Deborah in half with a signpost, and then kills Luke by smashing it on his head. Jason/Phil then attacks police officer Josh and Edna. He kills Edna by slamming her head into a car door. He then transfers himself into Josh's body, possesing him. Meanwhile, bounty hunter Creighton Duke finds out that only members of Jason's bloodline can truly kill him and he will return to life if he possesses a member of his family. The only living relatives of Jason are his half-sister Diana Kimble, her daughter Jessica, and Stephanie, the infant daughter of Jessica and Steven Freeman. Jason/Josh makes his way to Diana's house. Steven bursts in and stabs Jason with a fireplace poker. Diana is killed with a knife sharpener and Jason/Josh escapes. Steven is falsely accused and arrested for Diana's murder, and meets Duke, who reveals Jessica's relation to Jason. Determined to get to Jessica before Jason does, Steven escapes from jail. Jessica is dating American Casefiles reporter Robert Campbell. Steven goes to the Voorhees house to find evidence to convince Jessica, but falls through rotten boards. Robert enters the upstairs room and receives a phone call which reveals that he is attempting to "spice up" his show's ratings by putting emphasis on Jason's return from death, having stolen Diana's body from the morgue for this reason. Jason bursts in and transfers his heart into Robert, while Josh gruesomely melts. Jason leaves, with Steven in pursuit. Jason attempts to be reborn through Jessica but is disrupted by Steven who hits him and takes Jessica into his car. Steven runs over Jason and explains the situation to Jessica, who does not believe him and throws him out of the car. Jessica makes it to the police station. Jason arrives at the police station, and kills most of the officers. He then nearly possesses Jessica before Steven arrives and stops him; Jessica realizes that Steven's story is true. In the chaos, Duke makes his escape. The two make their way to Joey B.'s diner to grab the baby. Jason arrives, but is attacked by the owners of the shop with guns. He manages to kill the owners, but is impaled by Jessica's friend Vikki with a barbacue skewer. Jason however impales her on the same skewer, and smashes her head, killing her. Jason is presumebly killed, and Jessica and Steven discover a note from Duke, telling them that he has the baby and ordering Jessica to meet him at the Voorhees house alone. Jessica meets Duke at the Voorhees house and is given a mystical dagger which she can use to permanently kill Jason. Meanwhile, an unseen officer enters the diner where Robert (possessed) transfers his heart into him. Duke falls through the floor, and Jessica is confronted by Landis and Randy. Landis is killed accidentally with the dagger, and Jessica drops the dagger under a dresser. Randy (possessed) attempts to be reborn through Stephanie, but Steven arrives and severs his neck with a machete. Jason's heart, which has now grown into a demonic infant, crawls out of Randy's neck, and makes its way to the basement where it crawls into Diana's dead body through her vagina while Steven and Jessica pull Duke out of the basement. Complete with his trademark worksuit and hockey mask, Jason is reborn. While Steven and Jessica attempt to retrieve the dagger, Duke distracts Jason: in response, Jason kills him before turning his attention to Jessica. Steven tackles Jason, sending both men flying out a window. While Jessica retrieves the dagger, Steven engages Jason in hand to hand combat. Just as Jason moves in for the coup de grace, Jessica stabs him in the chest, releasing the tortured souls that Jason has accumulated through his entire killing spree throughout the whole series. Numerous demonic hands burst out of the ground and pull Jason into the depths of Hell. Steven and Jessica reconcile and walk off into the sunrise with their baby. After they depart, Jason's mask is unearthed by a dog, but Freddy Krueger's clawed glove bursts out of the ground, grabs Jason's mask, and drags it to Hell.... setting up the next film Freddy vs. Jason.
tt0101787
Drama,Romance
Beautiful, carefree Hilary O'Neil is devastated when she finds her boyfriend in bed with another woman. She moves out of their apartment and in with her mother, with whom she doesn't really get along. She sees a newspaper advertisement for a live-in female companion to assist someone who is ill. The only requirements are youth and beauty. Intrigued, Hilary goes to the Geddes mansion in San Francisco's elite Nob Hill for an interview. Several applicants are already there and Hilary is puzzled because they are older and unattractive. Mr. Geddes is seeking a registered nurse to take care of his son during chemotherapy treatments. He realizes that his son placed the ad that Hilary answered and offers her cab fare home. Hilary angrily refuses and begins the long walk down Nob Hill. The Geddes butler chases after her and asks her back for an informal interview with the son. Victor Geddes is in his late 20's and has battled leukemia for several years, slipping in and out of remission. He has no friends and lives in isolation in a separate wing of his father's mansion. Before his diagnosis he had a girlfriend and was a college athlete. After an awkward conversation, he offers Hilary the job. She accepts but makes it clear that he is to stay out of her bedroom. They are employer and employee, nothing more. Victor becomes very ill after his chemo treatment. Hilary is in a panic, not knowing what to do for him. Once he is better, she telephones her girlfriend and confesses that she is leaving. Victor overhears and Hilary decides to stay. She is better prepared to handle the next chemo treatment. In between taking care of Victor, Hilary looks around his living room. There are pictures of him as a child with his now-deceased mother, with his girlfriend, and winning a race in college. Once he became ill, his friends gradually drifted away and his girlfriend left him. He has immersed himself in higher education and is now working on his doctoral dissertation in art history. Mr. Geddes calls from Japan, where he is on an extended business trip. He knows that Victor hired Hilary instead of a trained nurse and is worried, but Victor assures him he is getting on fine. Hilary and Victor gradually become friends and she decides he needs to follow a healthier lifestyle. She buys books on nutrition for cancer patients, fills his kitchen with organic fruits and vegetables, and throws away his cigarettes. In return, Victor attempts to teach her about art and famous paintings. Hilary is not much interested. One day Victor announces that his chemo treatments are over. Hilary questions this and he becomes angry, telling her to call his doctor if she doesn't believe him. He asks her to go away with him for a while. It is years since he has been anywhere. Hilary buys a used Cadillac and they drive to Mendocino, where they rent a beach house. On the way she learns that Victor never learned to drive. She insists on teaching him. While unpacking, Hilary finds a box filled with vials and syringes. She asks what it is and Victor tells her it is morphine, for pain. He only brought it along in case he needed it. Hilary chooses to believe this. Over the next few weeks, she and Victor visit the local bar, play poker, and make friends. When asked why he is bald, Victor makes up a story about being in a religious group that required him to shave his head. Gradually his hair grows back in and he abandons his bandanna. Sometimes he asks to sleep next to Hilary, not for sex but because he feels alone. After a while, Hilary says she should leave now that Victor is well. She doesn't feel right about taking a salary. Victor asks her to stay on without salary but offers to teach her about art in return for all she has done for him. She is sensitive about her lack of education and tries to become interested in art, especially the paintings of Klimst. But it is no use and a thread of discontent threatens their idyllic existence. One night Victor comes to Hilary's bed and they make love. She admits to having fallen in love with him but is uncertain of their future. They visit a maze, where Victor becomes lost and disoriented. Later, when Hilary wants to make love, he rudely refuses. Then she discovers that the morphine he brought is nearly gone. She rummages through the trash and discovers the used syringes and empty vials. Victor admits that he lied when he told her his treatments were over. He had wanted her to see him with hair. Hilary is furious and begins packing. Once again a man she loves has lied to her. After driving into town she telephones Mr. Geddes, who is now back in San Francisco. He has hired detectives to search for Victor. She tells him where to find his son and warns that he is ill again. The next morning, Mr. Geddes visits the beach house. He tries to take Victor back to resume his treatments, but Victor refuses. He is done with treatments. All he had wanted was to go away with Hilary for the time remaining to him. Mr. Geddes understands this. Finally Victor agrees to leave but on the next day. There is a dance in town that evening and he wants to see Hilary one last time. After a heartbreaking conversation, she tells him she will never leave him. If he is to die, she will be there when he takes his last breath. Slowly they walk outside and drive away, leaving the house and all its memories behind.
tt0102216
Comedy,Romance
When the entire Royal family is wiped out after a freak electricity accident at a Royal group photo session, the next successor in line is traced back to a Las Vegas lounge lizard by the name of Ralph Jones (John Goodman), descended from an illicit relationship with the King and a maid many centuries ago. His Royal aides - Sir Cedric Charles Willingham (Peter O'Toole) and Duncan Phipps (Richard Griffiths) are given the task to educate this man in Royal etiquette and the ways of the Monarch, yet Lord Percival Graves (John Hurt) is determined to sabotage their work and take the Crown for himself. Ralph is not the type of King the country expects - he redecorates the Royal Palace with juke boxes, token memorabilia - and even a huge bowling alley in one of the wings. Even in the huge Palace, he still feels confined - so he escapes one night to an American strip club in London, where he immediately falls for a dancer by the name of Miranda (Camille Coduri). As he chats to her, he is found by his aides and bundled by to the Palace. Lord Percival hears of the reunion and offers Miranda a sum of money to contact the King again, agree to go on a date, and pose for some photographs that could be used against him. She hesitates but agrees to the blackmail. Miranda and the King meet again, but Miranda can't go through with the deal and tries to hide him from the cameras. She tells Lord Percival that the deal is off - but Percival manages to get some photographs of them together anyway. Ralph receives a call from Miranda that they shouldn't see each other anymore. Heart-broken, Ralph decides to look at the prospect of Princess Anne (Joely Richardson) from Finland as a future bride. There is to be a lavish state banquet, and the King's aides prepare him for the big occassion - which will also bring in much needed manufacturing work to the country through a trade treaty. To throw a spanner in the works, Lord Percival invites Miranda to the banquet. At the meal, Ralph clumsily knocks over his glass, which causes a domino effect down the long line of seated guests, spilling red wine onto everybody. He cleans himself up, and after a pep talk by his aides is back on track. Finally the occasion is going well, although a little stale for King Ralph. While dancing with Princess Anne he is alarmed by her very mannish voice, and while chatting outside is scared off by her sudden saucy talk. It is then that Ralph sees Miranda in the ball room. To spice up the evening, he grabs the nearest harpsichord and belts out a rendition of "Good Golly Miss Molly". It doesn't go down too well. Meanwhile, Lord Percival shows a series of photographs to the King of Finland of the time Ralph and Miranda were together. Outraged, the Finnish Royal family storm out. The deal is off. Miranda is embarrassed, and also leaves. All across the news the King is blamed for ruining the prospects of the UK, and in Parliament Lord Percival calls for an end to the reign of King Ralph. Ralph calls round to Miranda's humble family home to apologise. Instead he finds out the truth that she was approached by Lord Percival and paid to start a relationship and pose for the photographs. Ralph is understandably angry, but she tells him that she didn't take the money and refused to do it once she realised she had feelings for him. Ralph feels suddenly very alone, and is not sure whether he wants to continue as King anymore. King Ralph knows he has messed up. He starts to ask questions to his aides to find out why he was chosen. Phipps has a sworn duty to help him, so he asks if there were any other claims to the throne -- there was one. Ralph confronts Sir Cedric. Sir Cedric had an equal claim it seems, but was unable to cope with the position, so he cowardly passed it over to Ralph. He apologises, but says that is the reason why he has tried to help him all this time. Ralph tells his aides that he will address Parliament - but first he must make some calls. Parliament is full as Ralph delivers his televised speech. He tells the audience that he has spoken with the wealthy ruler of an African nation, and has agreed a huge manufacturing deal for engine parts to benefit those in the North East. The television audience, and a few punks watching it on a store TV, cheer. He then points the finger at Lord Percival, and under the treason act has him taken away for trying to usurp the throne. He then tells them that he has decided to step down - and instead someone with an equal claim, but better character and pedigree to become King will take his place. Sir Cedric stands, and the MPs all shout "Long live the King". Back in the Palace, Ralph is getting ready to leave. Sir Cedric says he might redecorate a little after he leaves and lose the juke boxes. Ralph is offered a country mansion and an annual sum of money - he refuses, but then thinks it over when he hears it will have a recording studio. As it ends, Ralph is performing the "Duke of Earl" with his band - the Dukettes, watched by Miranda and a little baby Ralph, in his recording studio -- which is just a small part of a huge country mansion within acres of land. Richie E, HowDoestheMovieEnd.com
tt0113321
Comedy,Drama,Romance
This story is a real imbroglio with a lot of character development and complicated relationships between diverse adult family members at the annual big dinner event. We learn about the family member and their numerous frailties and conflicts and wonder can they ever get along or will disaster ensue. will Holly Hunter have romance with her gay bros friend? There is the usual family football game in yard. Many things go awry. Secrets revealed. People get upset. People grow.
tt0337579
Comedy,Drama
The same crew is back in a sequel to the hilarious comedy about a group of barbers who cut hair and discuss life inside their little barbershop community. Calvin (Ice Cube) is the owner of the barbershop with Cedric The Entertainer as his oldest barber. Queen Latifah has been added to the cast with a beauty shop next door. The south side of Chicago is changing with developers buying up everything and moving everybody out of the old neighborhood. Calvin is about to have new competition from a chain barbershop opening across the street. To fight the new barbershop, Calvin tries to upscale his barbershop with paintings and glass sculptures. Calvin also orders his barbers to be quiet and just cut hair, and stop the tradition of being able to say anything you want inside the barbershop. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0184907
Adventure,Comedy,Family
The film opens with talk about snow forming from crystallized water and explaining that a snow day isn't just when school's close, but a day of magic. We're then introduced to Tom Brandston (Chevy Chase) the local weatherman forced to wear a Hawaiian style outfit to promote the warm weather coming in. Tom isn't happy with his job as he works for a station that makes him use gimmicks on camera to improve their low ratings. We're next introduced to Tom's daughter Natalie (Zena Grey) as she hopes to get snow on what were told has been a unusually warm season. As she and her friends Chet (Jade Yorker) and Wayne (Josh Peck) throw snowballs leftover from last year (kept in a cooler) at their principal (Damian Young) a stick in the mud who's a prime target for snowballs during the winter. We're also introduced to Tom's son Hal (Mark Webber), who sits besides the high school pool area with his friends Lane (Schuyler Fisk) and Bill (J. Adam Brown). Hal has a crush on the local popular girl Claire (Emmanuelle Chriqui) as he tells us via voice over. He watches her dive and when sliding along the side of the pool, he falls in and finds her ankle bracelet at the pools bottom. The ankle bracelet containing a whale charm had fallen off when she was diving. Later Hal plans to return it to Claire, but is unable to when her loud jock boyfriend Chuck (David Paetkau) shows up, revealing that he and Claire are on the verge of ending their relationship. Natalie takes Hal's collectible action figures and attempts to play with them, but Hal takes them away from her, claiming he doesn't want her playing with them because he plans to sell them some day. At dinner with their father and younger energetic brother Randy (Connor Matheus), the kids wait for their mother Laura (Jean Smart) to come home, she does arrive, apologizing for being late as she is a workaholic. Later that night, Natalie shakes a snow globe her father has given her, claiming she wished it was that easy to get snow to appear. At the news station, Tom is getting ready to report sunshine all day, when he discovers a snow storm is coming in from his radar. Natalie awakens the next morning to find the entire area has been blanketed in several layers of snow. The radio then announces that all schools are officially closed and a snow day is in effect. Natalie is so excited and plans to use the magic of a snow day to take down her arch enemy, The Snowplowman (Chris Elliott) a local villain who is said to run over kids and plow the streets so efficiently that there has never been a second snow day in years. Natalie enlists Hal's help, but in light of hearing Claire has broken up with Chuck, Hal wants to use the magic of the snow day to return Claire's whale bracelet and profess his love to her. Laura attempts to leave for work, but finds she has been so severely snowed in; she cannot make it into work and must stay home with Randy. Principal Weaver attempts to clean his car off of the snow, but is overwhelmed by an army of kids who are throwing a barrage of snow balls at him. Weaver appears throughout the movie as a running gag, being chased by snow balls as they are pelted at him off screen. Lane meets up with Hal and upon hearing he plans to spend the day winning over Claire; she disapproves and proclaims that love is about finding someone you can stand to be around for more than ten minutes at a time. Hal insists and she follows him. Natalie meets up with Chet and Wayne at their igloo-style snow fort, but Snowplowman appears and after Natalie throws a snowball at him, he maliciously goes off road to plow over their snow fort. Hal and Lane go to Claire's house, where Hal plans to talk to her, but a parade of other suitors has gathered outside her house after hearing about her break up. Chuck arrives and clears them out, attempting to win Claire back. She initially turns the volume on her TV up to drown him out, but caves and lets him inside. Lane hears that the TV station Claire has on is the same one Hal's dad Tom works at, giving Hal an idea. With the record snow fall, Tom is forced to wear a snowman costume to report the weather and is pushed down a scary hill on a sled. With everyone distracted when Tom wipes out, Hal uses the opportunity to introduce himself to Claire on live TV. Recovering from his crash, Tom discovers his rival weatherman Chad (John Schneider) from another station is taking credit for discovering the night's snow storm first. Meanwhile Natalie has her friend Wayne pretend to be dead in the middle of the street, pouring ketchup on him as blood in order to trick Snowplowman. When he leaves the plow to investigate, Natalie sneaks in. She's attacked by his bird Trudy and ends up kidnapping the violent creature, Snowplowman retaliates by grabbing Wayne. Hal and Lane have followed Claire and Chuck to the local skating rink, where Lane distracts the rink's DJ (Iggy Pop) while Hal changes the usually boring music to something more upbeat, much to Chuck's dismay. Next Snowplowman drops by Natalie's house to talk to Laura claiming he's taking kids around in his plow and that she's next in line, claiming Wayne to be his last passenger when she spots him in the plow. When Laura is distracted by Randy, Snowplowman gets a call from Natalie who offers him an exchange, the bird for Wayne and a second snow day, he agrees. Hal's next plan involves Lane going to the local diner where she tells Claire how great a guy Hal is, retelling a story about him. Claire is convinced and follows Lane to the local football field where Hal has carved a giant whale in the snow. Chuck shows up and Hal steals one of his snowmobiles and a chase ensues, Hal gets away. The prisoners are exchanged, but even with his bird back, Snowplowman appears to not be a man of his word as he leaves in his plow back on route to plow the snow. Laura chases after Randy when he escapes outside to play in the snow. Initially she's angry but after Randy throws snowballs at her, she retaliates and finds herself having fun. Natalie is about to give up, but after she imagines what her brother's action figures would tell her if they came to life, she rediscovers her determination for a second snow day. Hal meets up with Lane, but after he shows no signs of giving up, she gets angry admitting she hasn't done what she wants to do for the snow day, when Hal asks what she wants to do, she kisses him and leaves. Tom is reporting on the snow as Old Man Winter, but when his rival Chad appears, Tom proves him a fraud when he's unable to answer basic meteorology questions on air, proving he discovered the storm first. Hal meets up with Claire at the school's pool and she kisses him, but Hal realizes that he was wrong and that he has stronger feelings for Lane. Claire understands. Snowplowman continues to plow the streets, but at the last road, Natalie appears to challenge him. He taunts her but she reveals an army of kids have gathered together to stop him. The kids tie him to a street sign and take his plow to un-plow the snow back onto the roads. Hal journeys to find Lane (dressed in Bill's cloths for some reason) but is attacked by Chuck. A fight ensues, but Hal is saved when Natalie and friends plow Chuck away into a snow bank with the snow plow. Hal is impressed and tells Natalie she can keep his action figures and that he wants to spend the soon to be second snow day with her. They part ways as Hal finds Lane at the local skating rink. Hal apologizes to Lane repeating her line about true love being about finding someone you can stand to be around for ten minutes, and then asks "You got ten minutes?" They kiss. Hal narrates as he recaps everyone's journey throughout the day and the film ends with Principal Weaver making it home, only to find another volley of snowballs come at him from inside his house.
tt0289408
Animation,Action,Adventure
These three adorable girls were accidently created by a professor (oddly named Professor)in his laboratory.He was making a mixture of sugar,spice,and everything nice to create the perfect little girl,but he accidently mixed in chemical X!Thus the powerpuff girls were born.Blossom,known as the "leader",Bubbles,known as the sweet girl,and Buttercup,known as the kickass hardcore one,use their powers to fight crime in The City Of Townesville everyday.They vow to be there whenever there is trouble and to protect the city of Townesville no matter what the situation.
tt0475937
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
A Russian peasant family is sitting down to dinner when a run-down, overheating truck comes to a halt in the front yard. The Father opens the door to find a now dead woman, obviously murdered, and two crying infants in the seat next to her. 40 years later. We meet Marie Jones who has been summoned back to Russia by a notary who claims to have found her long dead parents and the home they once owned. As she mounts the steps to his office, she runs into someone, but brushes it off. After meeting with the notary, who explains he found no other living heirs, she sets out to visit and claim her parent's home. She arrives at the house where her mother died and is "attacked" by a now very old mother who, in Russian, insists that she not go to the Kardinovsky Farm. They're interrupted by Anitoly, her guide, the only person willing to venture to the farm at night. The farm sits on the "island" a small parcel of land surrounded by the river and only accessible by a bridge. After hours of driving they cross the bridge and stop just a few yards from the house. Anitoly tells Marie to stay put while he makes sure there are no animals between them and the house. Marie waits, and then sees what appears to be Anitoly ahead of her, but when she leaves the truck, she finds herself alone. Within minutes the truck dies, leaving the forest quiet. With no one around, and no where else to go, she enters the old house armed only with a flashlight and begins to investigate. While exploring the ground floor she hears a bang and a child wailing from upstairs and rushes up as quickly as possible to see... nothing. She enters the nearest room, a nursery, and sees, out of the corner of her eye, a woman walking past the door. When she runs into the hallway she sees the same blonde woman turn into another room and she follows only to scream as she comes face to face with her doppleganger who appears to be very real and soaked to the bone. She runs out the door in time to see the truck (and presumably Anitoly) leave. In a panic she chases him and falls down a hill and into the river where, since she can't swim, she begins to drown. She wakes up in a much warmer and brighter lit room in the house. There is a man (Nikolai) rifling through her wallet. Marie smacks him across the face with a log, then flees the room. He chases her and explains that he is her brother and that he too was summoned by the notary. She is of course skeptical, as the notary had told her she had no brothers or sisters, but when he takes her upstairs and shows her their cribs she realizes he is telling the truth. She tells him what she saw and he explains, that seeing your double shows you the way in which you will die. Very quickly they meet Nikolai's doppleganger (a bloody, ravaged body) and they both realize they have to get out of the house and off the island. As they get ready to flee Nikolai falls through a hole in the floor and vanishes leaving Marie alone. She returns upstairs, determined to find anything to explain what is happening. Upstairs, in her parents room, she witnesses some of the events of the past as she watches her father stab her mother to death on their bed. Screaming, she turns to find her doppleganger behind her, yet again. This time it catches her in the babies' room and seems to suck out part of her life, leaving her gasping and disoriented. She flees the house. There is a boat on one side of the river, and she takes it to the other side, leaving the island, and her doppleganger (watching from the shore), behind her. Unfortunately, it's too late, and as she runs through the forest, she finds herself before the house again. This time when she enters, she finds the dining room is suddenly... clean and neat, as it must have been decades before. At the table, looking morosely at a birthday cake, is an injured Nikolai. He didn't die, but merely fell into the basement through the floor. He explains to Marie that he's figured out what is going on: they were never meant to have left the house in the first place. They were supposed to have died with their mother all those years ago and now, on the eve of their birthday, the house has called them back to fulfill their destinies at midnight. When the clock strikes midnight, the entire house returns to the state it was in 1966, and they hear their father enter the house. Marie tries to intercept, hoping to change the past, but Nikolai intervenes and tells her that it's already happened and that the only way to survive would be to get away from there, in the past, where the house can't touch them. But when they try, they get separated. Marie ends up in the back of the truck as her father drives away with the infants (herself and Nikolai), whereas Nikolai sees the form of his long lost love, Natalie. Her father stops at the barn, leaving one baby in a pig's pen to feed the baby to the boars, while he tries to drown the other in the boars' water tank. Neither he nor his wife (who he had thought was dead) see Marie. Her dying mother shoots her father in the head and grabs both babies, fleeing to the truck. Meanwhile Nikolai turns to see his lover is now actually his father and then is attacked by wild boars, fulfilling his destiny. Marie finds her father's now desiccated body in the farm, and is then pushed back into a pseudo-past where she realizes her father and the notary are one and the same. He's come back from the dead to lure his children to the hell he had created. She flees his office in the present and runs right into her past self as she comes up the steps, and continues to flee into the sunlight until she finds herself right back in the house, this time between the past the present, where the apparition of her father explains to her that he's always loved his children, and his wife, and couldn't let them leave him. She runs from him, down the hall and finds Nikolai's body, being eaten by the boars. As they tear off his nose and parts of his stomach, she vomits and falls against the wall. It's only when her doppleganger comes after her that she flees out to the truck parked out front and drives away. Her father's voice comes over the radio, telling her to come back and join the family he has created, and then promises to take her daughter, Emily (who is in the States) but it's too late. The bridge that brought her there has been destroyed, and Marie plunges into the lake, drowning, and fulfilling her destiny. The film ends with Marie's daughter (who we now realize is the narrator) explaining that she knew in her heart her mother would never return. It's been months since she left for Russia and in all this time she's never had the desire to know what happened to her, or her parents, thus breaking the cycle and leaving her... abandoned.
tt0119664
Action,Comedy,Crime
Scott Roper (Eddie Murphy) is the best hostage negotiator in San Francisco. His girlfriend Veronica "Ronnie" Tate (Carmen Ejogo) is a newspaper reporter. While listening to a horse race on his car stereo, Scott is called downtown where a man named Earl (Donal Logue) is holding 17 hostages in a bank. Scott rescues the hostages by shooting Earl, though Earl's wound is non-fatal. Scott is then assigned a partner sharpshooter Kevin McCall (Michael Rapaport). That night, Scott takes his friend, Lieutenant Sam Baffert (Art Evans), to see a man named Michael Korda (Michael Wincott). Scott waits downstairs while Sam is in Korda's apartment. Sam asks Korda about a man who deals in stolen jewellery, because Sam suspects that some of the dealer's jewels came from Korda, who is a professional jewel thief. Sam's visit with Korda ends with Korda violently stabbing Sam to death in an elevator. When Scott hears a woman in the building scream at the sight of Sam's body, Scott rushes to the elevator and witnesses Sam's corpse. Scott wants revenge on Korda, but Captain Frank Solis (Denis Arndt) refuses to let Scott work the case, so Scott decides to work the case on his own. Scott and Kevin later are called to a downtown jewellery store where hostages are being held. When Scott sees that Korda is the hostage taker, Korda grabs a hostage and leaves in a truck. Scott and Kevin use Captain Solis's car to chase Korda. Korda wrecks the truck, and boards a trolley car, shoots the operator when he challenges Korda, the trolley accelerates to runaway speed, while Scott and Kevin chase the trolley car. While up close, Scott jumps onto the trolley, leaving Kevin to drive Solis's car. Scott and Kevin manage to stop the trolley car, and they chase Korda into a parking garage, where Korda tries to run Scott over with a car. Scott and Kevin still manage to apprehend Korda. During visitation at the jail with his cousin Clarence Teal (Paul Ben-Victor), Korda orders Teal to kill Ronnie as a way to seek revenge on Scott. Teal shows up at Ronnie's apartment and attacks Ronnie. Scott arrives just in time and chases Teal down the fire escape, and after a knife fight, Teal is hit and killed by a car. An angry Scott visits Korda in jail and warns him to stay away from Ronnie, showing him an autopsy picture of Teal, which enrages Korda. Some time later, Korda escapes from the jail. Soon after, he kidnaps Ronnie, luring Scott and McCall into a confrontation at an abandoned shipyard. Korda threatens to kill Ronnie by decapitating her on the cutting machine she is pinned to if Scott doesn't follow his instructions. While all of this is going on, McCall is situated atop a building outside with his sniper rifle watching the action. During the sequence, Korda prepares to run over Scott with his sports car. However, as he is charging towards Scott, Korda is shot at by McCall, causing him to miss Scott completely and crash through the front of the warehouse building. Scott then goes to free Ronnie from the cutting machine. After a shoot-out between Korda and McCall, the latter is shot once in the abdomen but survives. Scott then chases after Korda in Scott's truck, and after a lengthy battle over control of the truck, Scott leaps out of the way as Korda rams into a stack of explosive barrels and is killed in a massive explosion. The movie ends with Scott and Ronnie relaxing on their vacation at a Tahitian beach resort.
tt0265808
Comedy,Crime
Nice guy John Plummer (Jason Lee) is engaged to ditsy Elaine Warner (Leslie Mann), and intends to use his life savings of $30,000 to put a down payment on a house because he does not want to accept money from her wealthy father, Mr. Warner (Dennis Farina), who is also John's employer and who already considers John unworthy of his daughter. Warner also has a mean dog named Rex who hates John and always agrees with his master. Simultaneously, his niece Noreen (Tammy Blanchard), daughter of John's "trailer-trash" sister, Patty (Megan Mullally), is accepted to Harvard University, but needs an additional $30,000 on top of her grants and scholarships in order to attend. Noreen shows her uncle John a videotape made many years ago, at which time he promised to pay for Noreen's college education when the time came if she were to work hard and be accepted to a university. John now has a moral and financial dilemmadisappoint his fiancée and prove her father right by showing that he cannot provide for Elaine, or disappoint his niece, sister, and her friends, who all look up to him, and take away his niece's only chance to escape from a life of lower-class poverty. John's best friend from high school, who was severely picked on and cried all the time, was an eccentric loser landscaper Walter "Duff" Duffy (Tom Green) tells John that one of his rich landscaping clients keeps large amounts of cash in an unlocked safe, and that no one is ever in the home on Sunday nights. Duff convinces John, who is bitterly opposed to the idea, that stealing from the homeowner would be okay, because no one would be hurt and the insurance company, which "deserve to be ripped off", would reimburse him. John reluctantly agrees, and he and Duff set out to steal the cash, but Duff runs off when lights come on in the home, leaving John staring down the barrel of the homeowner, Honorable Emmett Cook (Richard Jenkins)'s gun. Rather than being shot or turned over to the police, John instead finds himself forced at gunpoint to cross-dress and role-play the part of Cook's late wife as the two men lie in bed and "spoon". Eventually, after taking an incriminating photograph of John, one of many identical photos Cook keeps in an album while explaining to John that he is "not gay, I just miss my wife", Cook releases him. As he is leaving, Mr. Warner and his dog are riding by, and takes note of John's panicked behavior, believing that he has caught John in an affair which will be evidence he can use to persuade his daughter to call off the wedding. Further capers ensue as John and Duff attempt to rob a liquor store and later attempt to con a drug lord out of $30,000 by concocting a phony story about running an ecstasy ring. Meanwhile, a police detective (John C. McGinley) is on to John and Duff, but never has enough evidence to actually pin any of the crimes on them. Meanwhile, Mr. Warner breaks into the gun-toting Emmett Cook's house in order to get evidence against John, and once Cook catches him, he is also forced to "spoon". Before leaving, Warner finds the incriminating photo of John from the album in hand. Eventually, John is forced to confess everything to his fiancée, after her father confronts her with a photograph of John in drag with Cook. Not only is the fiancée not upset with John, but she now respects and admires him far more for the lengths he was willing to go to in order to provide for her, spare her feelings and send his niece to Harvard. The fiancée Elaine then confides in John that her wealthy father keeps a great deal of money at his business, and that it would be easy for them to steal it. John, Elaine, and Duff set out to rob the business in the night. Unfortunately, Mr. Warner had hid his dog Rex inside the vault. Rex attempts to attack Duff by biting him in the crotch but Rex is instead aroused and does not let go. Duff manages to get the lovestruck dog into a room, so he can try to break a window it make it look like a break in. Duff frantically tries to break a window (with Rex miserably watching while he tries to break out of the room in which he is trapped). The window will not break and Rex, yearning for Duff, finally escapes the room and jumps on top of Duff. Just as John and Elaine find the money, Mr. Warner finds them and tries to attack them but he is caught by the Detective who mistakes him for a burglar. John and Elaine escape to Duff's van but Duff is still being chased by Rex and has to jump inside the van but Rex follows them and finally has his way with Duff since there is nowhere else to run. The police arrive and the gang unsuccessfully tries to get away. They are all taken into custody by the detective and facing a series of charges including breaking and entering, animal cruelty, attempted vehicular manslaughter, (thanks to Duff selling him out), John feels like his goose is cooked, until the judge in charge of his arraignment turns out to be the gun-toting, Emmett Cook. Upon their mutual recognition, John writes, in his lawyer's notebook, a message to Cook and flashes it across the court, threatening to expose the judge's fetishupon reading the makeshift sign, Cook quickly dismisses all charges against John. Finally, Duff comes through as best he can and gives John his life savings, $1,000, which John bets on a longshot horse which wins and which paid 30 to 1. John and Elaine are married with Mr. Warner, Patty, Emmett Cook, and Duff among their wedding guests, Noreen goes off to college, and, in the final scene, John is left to ponder how loser Duff could possibly accumulate $1,000. The last scene shows Duff offering to "spoon" with Cook for $1,000.
tt0364955
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Strathmore Art School is where Jerome Platz (Max Minghella) has come to develop his drawing and painting talent and become the greatest artist of the 21st Century. Surrounded by a collection of art school clichéd misfits, and a cloud of mystery on the campus due to a strangler who has murdered many young female art students, Jerome plies his considerable talent, and is smitten by an older young woman Audrey (Sophia Myles) who models for classes. Jerome makes friends with Audrey discovering she is the daughter of a famous artist, but she has eyes for the unusually straight-laced Jonah (Matt Keeslar) whose art is broad and bold and far from the traditional art of Jerome. His teachers Professor Sandford (John Malkovich) and Sophie (Anjelica Huston) only offer consolation in broad nebulous terms for the students, so Jerome makes friends with the older talented Jimmy (Jim Broadbent) a painter whose art reflects a darkness that Jeromes admires because it is so different from his own positive viewpoint. When Jerome realizes that Audrey is not in love with him he uses Jimmy's art as his own but is surprised by an undercover activity that could be the worst and best thing that could happen to him.
tt0448075
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Gabriel No one (Robin Williams), a radio show host begins by telling his intriguing life stories to his night listeners. Gabriel is having personal problems when his lover moves out of his house. Gabriel is having a storyteller's block and can't perform at the radio station. A book agent gives Gabriel an unpublished book, written by a 14-year old boy, Pete Boland (Rory Culkin). Pete's book is about the abused childhood and suffering he went through at the hands of his parents and their friends. Pete now lives with an adopted mother and social worker, Donna Boland (Toni Collette). Pete is still suffering because he is dying of AIDS. Gabriel talks to Pete on the phone and begins to bond with Pete, but things are very strange when Gabriel tries to meet Pete and discovers that there is a possibility that Pete may not exist. Gabriel flies to the small town in Wisconsin to uncover the truth. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0115907
Drama,Thriller
This complex 1996 drama directed by Harold Becker (Sea of Love) attempts to explore big-city corruption and the flexibility of what's right and wrong in the political arena. John Cusack plays the senior aide to mayor John Pappas (Al Pacino), a popular and seasoned politician whose administration is threatened when what seems to be an accidental shooting of a child reveals a nest of corruption and lifelong personal debts. This tests Cusack's loyalty to the man he thought he knew. Pacino turns in a finely textured performance as a man who has his own lofty ideals, but whose pragmatism sets in motion a series of events with tragic results. Cusack admirably captures the essence of someone polished and savvy at his job but must cope with fundamental disillusionment. This political thriller suffers at times from a lack of focus, but still offers an insightful and poignant treatise on the quagmire of politics in the modern age and the human toll it sometimes exacts.
tt0433442
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Since a car crash when she was 11, Joanna Mills (Sarah Michelle Gellar) has had visions of a town she's never been to of people she's never met. She finally decides to go to the town and investigate exactly why she keeps having these vivid visions of a murder. While there Joanna begins to realize that these visions all mean something and connect somehow. She also begins to realize that the visions are what were causing her to hurt herself and others around her. While there Joanna meets Terry (Peter O'Brien), who looks familiar even though she's never met him. When Joanna's visions start to add up and she puts them together, she realizes who the murderer is and the murderer realizes that she knows who he is as well.
tt0772193
Action,Adventure,Crime
A forensic anthropologist is looking over a mass grave of people who have been killed by what she claims are identical gunshot wounds. Both the woman and the UN soldier head away from the mass graves to inspect another one on the south side. She digs her shovel into what she believes is another mass grave only to be attacked by an unseen creature. The anthropologist is dragged into the water as the UN soldier opens fire. Other soldiers show up and begin shooting at the attacker as it devours the woman and heads for deeper water. The next setting is a New York City news room. The main character, Tim (Purcell), is seen and he is looking at a TV and talking on his phone. Apparently he is waiting to see if his name is mentioned in connection with a case that he was working on. Not much is heard about this. His cameraman and best friend Steven is telling him maybe their boss, Roger, did not see or hear what was being broadcast on the news. Right when he says that Tim is asked to see Roger, which Steven says was really quick and jokes about being a cameraman for another reporter. Tim then goes to see Roger who in turn does not want to talk about his contract just yet but instead introduces him to a very attractive woman standing by another television set viewing a report about the woman who was seen previously with the creature. This is where Gustave is introduced. The woman's name is Aviva and she is a reporter that focuses on reports dealing with animals being killed or harmed, and she is interested in the crocodile who is known to have killed hundreds of people in Africa. Tim is more-or-less "forced" into going to Africa with her and brings Steven along to help capture this creature. In Burundi they meet Harry, who is there to warn them about "The Bush," as he calls it, and the dangerous warlord who lives there, who has nicknamed himself "Little Gustave." They are to travel via riverboat to their destination, a small village, where they will set up their traps in attempts to capture Gustave. All attempts to capture Gustave fail. Their cameraman, while getting scenic video, catches on film Little Gustave himself executing the village people who helped the group. The guards that are sent with the group end up working for Little Gustave. Both of them get killed either by gunshot or Gustave. Then a fast-paced series of events takes place. The group tries to kill Gustave with a hand grenade resulting in the death of their guide and their crocodile expert that went with them. A helicopter appears and it looks like the survivors are going to be rescued. But Little Gustave's men attempt to blow up the helicopter to stop them from showing the video of the execution. That results in the group getting separated. Steven gets separated from the group and Gustave chases him. We don't find out happens to Steven till later. The other members of the group come together to look for Steven but Aviva has to stay with the injured Jojo. Tim finds Steven's camera. Little Gustave (who is actually Harry) comes to get the video himself. That results in Aviva, Tim and Jojo getting captured. Tim attempts to trick Little Gustave by giving him the GPS locator that tracks Gustave by saying it tracks the suitcase that also has a copy of the video. Little Gustave declines and forces Tim to find the suitcase. That's where they finds Steven's body. Aviva splatters pheromones on Little Gustave and Gustave comes and kills Little Gustave. Tim, Jojo and Aviva escape to the range rover and Gustave appears and attempts to kill all three but they manage to escape. We see the group on a plane home. The ending states that the civil war ended and Gustave is still alive and killing.
tt0893406
Action,Crime,Drama
A privileged man with a profitable job, a beautiful girlfriend, and a loving family becomes hopelessly entangled with a vengeful drug dealer who assumes the role of his best friend before revealing his diabolical true colors. Tristan Price (Jesse Metcalfe) has a bright future, but when the shade begins to eclipse the sun, things turn bad more quickly than he could have ever anticipated. It seems that sometimes the most stable of folks are also the ones who crave adventure most, and Tristan is a prime example of that penchant. When Tristan meets up with charismatic cocaine dealer Sebastian Cole (Corey Large), the allure of fast cars, fast women, and automatic weapons find the thrill-seeking everyman suddenly drawn into a dangerous world of sex, drugs, and violence. But Tristan's new best friend is also his new worst enemy, and if he has any hope of pulling out of his current tailspin and salvaging relationship with his faithful girlfriend (Monica Keena) he will have to confront the man that could take it all away with the lightning flash of a finger on the trigger.
tt0085387
Action,Comedy
A young man named Albert Hockenberry (Adam Baldwin) arrives in Washington, D.C., from Locust Grove, Georgia, and makes his way to the D.C. Cab Company, owned and operated by Harold Oswell (Max Gail), a Vietnam War veteran who served alongside Albert's late father. Their reunion is interrupted by Ernesto Bravo (Jose Perez), the city Hack Inspector, who claims that driver Tyrone Bywater (Charlie Barnett) overcharged a Japanese couple for a ride to the airport. Although Harold returns the couple's money, Bravo indicates that he will find any excuse to shut the company down. Meanwhile, Tyrone shifts Bravo's car into reverse, and when the inspector starts his vehicle, it accelerates backward into the front of a Chinese restaurant. That night at Harold's house, Albert informs his host that he intends to remain in the city and learn about the taxicab business. Although Harold is happy to have Albert as a house guest, his wife, Myrna (Anne De Salvo), is not and starts a fight with her husband over a trivial matter. Albert begins his training by riding along with the company's drivers, including Xavier (Paul Rodriguez), a well-dressed Latin American who aspires to be a gigolo, and Samson (Mr. T.), a civic-minded African American, angered over the presence of drug dealers in his neighborhood. On the day Albert receives his hack license, a driver named Ophelia (Marsha Warfield) threatens to leave D.C. Cab to work for the rival Emerald Cab Company after being angered over being robbed at gunpoint multiple times by a masked man (Dennis Stewart). Determined to keep his best driver, Harold invites Ophelia to discuss her grievances over a beer. Later, while sitting in a diner with his co-workers, Albert makes eye contact with Claudette (Jill Schoelen), the pretty granddaughter of Maudie the waitress (Diana Bellamy), who tries to discourage Albert from pursuing her granddaughter. Bravo enters the diner to announce that a violin, valued at $500,000, was left in an unidentified taxi, prompting the drivers to scramble to their vehicles in search of the instrument. Later, Tyrone and Albert drive mother and daughter Mattie and Denise to the embassy where they work as domestics, and are greeted by the children of Ambassador Rayburn, who pelt the taxi with eggs. That night, Tyrone dares Albert to drive the cab on railroad tracks to prove his courage, and the two barely escape with their lives. In the morning, the masked robber enters Tyrone's cab while Albert is at the wheel, and threatens him at gunpoint. Albert careens through the city toward the garage, and delivers the robber to the heavily armed drivers, while proving his courage to Tyrone. Mr. Rhythm, an elderly homeless man who sleeps in the garage, finds the missing violin in one of the taxis, earning the company a $10,000 reward. Harold calls a meeting at the diner to announce that he will share the reward if his employees reinvest in D.C. Cab as partners. All refuse except Albert, who is distracted by the sight of Claudette. While the other drivers dispute the proposition, Maudie gives Albert another warning. The next day, Claudette sneaks out of the diner and spends several hours with Albert in his taxi. Later, Harold returns home to discover that Myrna has taken the reward money and locked him out of the house. Believing that D.C. Cab is doomed, the drivers gather at the garage to clean out their lockers. Albert berates them for their lack of dedication and offers to invest $6,063, the last of his inheritance, to finance improvements on the vehicles and the garage. All agree to Albert's offer, exception for Tyrone, who is determined to start his own business. Over time, improvements are made and the employees share in the company's newfound prosperity. Albert wins over Maudie and no longer has to keep his romance with Claudette a secret. Tyrone, meanwhile, has no success as a souvenir salesman. One day, while delivering Denise and Mattie to the embassy, kidnappers commandeer Albert's cab, taking him and the Rayburn children hostage, and inflicting Mattie with a minor gunshot wound. The hostages are brought to a farmhouse on the outskirts of the city, where Albert is forced to deliver ransom demands by telephone, leading law enforcement to implicate him as an accomplice. Bravo shutters D.C. Cab pending an investigation. Tyrone rejoins his colleagues, offering a plan to rescue Albert and the children. Three drivers enter Mattie's hospital room disguised as lawyers, and acquire information on the kidnappers from federal agents standing guard. At the farmhouse, Albert breaks free and runs to his taxi, where he radios the garage, awakening Mr. Rhythm. Albert identifies his location using landmarks, which include Chinese actor Bruce Lee, before the kidnappers take him back into custody. Mr. Rhythm relays the information to Harold and his drivers, who liberate their taxis and search for the farmhouse, maintaining communication via radio. The drivers discover the farmhouse near a drive-in theater showing a Bruce Lee film, and make an unsuccessful attempt to convince the kidnappers that they are surrounded by the police. Samson rescues the children before the criminals escape in their van, with Albert as their remaining hostage. In the ensuing chase, Albert breaks free and climbs into Samson's taxi. The van runs off an embankment and lands in the center of the movie screen, before it crashes to the ground. Harold and his crew are feted as heroes, and the city holds a parade in their honor.
tt0077305
Comedy,Family,Sci-Fi
The film begins with some strange night in the countryside. A spaceship lands onto a farm because it has had technical problems in the middle of the night. The farmer goes to see what has happened with a loaded shotgun. Voices are heard: an alien had to perform an emergency landing, and it has a limited time, up to 11:15 to solve the problem, because there won't be another spaceship in the Earth area for another 150 years. The army arrives immediately. They take the spaceship but they don't see the cat. They are interested in knowing what kind of energy it uses. Jake travels with the military men without anybody realising that he was there. The army asks for some scientists' help, including Frank Wilson (Ken Barry). He makes some fun comments, comparing the spaceship to an artichoke and saying that mayonnaise may possibly make it work. The female scientist, Liz (Sandy Duncan) feels outraged because of Frank's inadequate comments. When they are left alone, the cat (Ronnie Schell's voice) talks to Frank, and the first comment the cat makes is that Liz is obviously interested romantically on him. The cat says by telepathy that his name is SonarJ5amillion and something else - let's shorten it to Jake - and it says that his collar amplifies brainwaves. To make a demonstration, the cat moves with the power of his brain a cello and a he plays some music, turning the pages at the same time. Frank offers to try to mend Jake's spaceship. Frank also asks whether he could use the cat necklace and he is able to make himself levitate. A friend of Frank called Link (McLean Stevenson) arrives to see a Lakers basketmall match, because he has bet a lot of money on the Lakers. Jake makes the ball move through the basket to score the final winning point. Then Liz appears, and she sets a date "for a picnic" with Frank. Liz also brings Belle, her own lady cat, and recommends Frank to take Jake to the vet who lives in their building, which specializes on cats. Frank agrees and leaves quite abruptly. Jake is in a hurry: he only has 36 hours. Frank takes Jake in his arms and they get into the military building. They are discovered by a hounddog, but Jake freezes the dog and the military man with the power of his collar. They enter the spaceship and Jake tells Frank how to start the engine, which means that now he knows how that "artichoke-shaped" thing works. Frank gravitates because of the energy. A white-suited man, Mr Stallwood (Roddy McDowall) is following Frank and Jake, making funny faces while Frank gravitates. Jake has found the problem, he needs some weird thing nobody has heard about. Through a description of it, Frank realises that gold has that same atomic weight. Another MP officer (Hank Jones) has discovered the frozen soldier, so he rings the alarm bells. Everybody gets frantic. The second MP officer tells them that there is a cat intruder, and that he has found his necklace. Jake jumps, passes through the necklace, and leaves with it in Frank's lap. Jake makes Frank's moped to fly over the military lorries. Jake needs 150,000 dollars worth of gold to make his spaceship work. Link interrupts Jake and Frank once again: he has bet 150 dollars on Sweet Jake, a horse. His wife is listening to the music of the Metropolitan Opera, that's why he needs to see the race on Frank's tv set. Jake decides to bet to get the money and buy the gold. Link is going to bet on the football match's game, so Jake decides to associate with him to bet on that evening's three matches. Frank explains the situation to Link, but Link thinks that he's crazy. A man is recording the three oof them from the window balcony. Jake makes the beer go back to the can with the power of his diamond collar. Link thinks it's a bad practical joke from Frank and gets angry with him, wanting to leave to see the Metropolitan Opera concert. Link doesn't want to hear anything else, but Jake makes him gravitate. Earnest Ernie (Jesse White) and Honest Harry (Tom Pedi), accept Link's multiple bet. General Stilton (Harry Morgan) has discovered Frank Wilson's fingertips, so he thinks he is some kind of spy. Liz arrives to go on the picnic. Frank has forgotten all about it. She insists on treating Jake's allergy, so she calls Dr Wenger (Alan Young), who is taking care of Jake but is more interested on the American football match. Meanwhile, Link and Frank are interested only on the match. They get nervous when they are about to lose the game. Jake avoids the disaster, but dr Wenger gives a tranquilizer shot to Jake, who passes temporarily out. Link and Frank go out being watched by the military, who think that the maffia may get involved. They try to step back on their bets, because with Jake out, they know they will lose. They have to tell Liz what's happening, because she insists on not l etting them go to the betting shop. Link will bet on a snooker game between Weasel (Ralph Manza) and Liz, who doesn't even know how to play the game. They take sleeping-out Jake with them. While Liz plays, Frank tries to use the collar. The ball jumps all over the shop. Tuna is Jake's favourite food. One of the onlookers is eating a tuna sandwhich, and its smell wakes Jake up. Earnest Ernie doesn't want to accept such a crazy bet. Frank says that he will bet his last bet: 60 dollars 2,000 to one, because Liz will play blindfolded, giving Weasel 12 strikes in advance and winning in only one strike. Honest Harry tells Ernie that his reputation will suffer if he doesn't back up a bet he's just bet. Jake keeps on moving Weasel's ball. Weasel's advancing moves. It's Liz's turn, who plays blidfolded. Jake moves the ball so that the incredible win happens. Earnest Ernie is left crying. Mr Olympus (William Prince) is seen sat, from the back - the same as the bad guy in Inspector Gadget- Then he stands up and we can see him. Stallwood shows him his recording. He asks Mr Olympus for some extra money if the collar allows Mr Olympus to conquer the world. The computer analyses the information and it gives the result that a cat must be the driver of the spacecraft. General Stilton and Colonel Woodruff (Howard T. Platt) finally realise that the thing about the cat must be true. The General thinks about a conspiration when he hears that Frank Wilson has bought a huge quantity of gold. The General and Woodruff try to arrest Frank, but Jake freezes them. Jake reduces to gold in size, so that it has the shape of a pen, but it's still very light. They take the General's clothes to get into the military base in disguise. There is only an hour left. The General Stilton wakes up in his underwear. Woodruff giggles. Frank takes Jake onto the spaceship, and he replaces the gold element in the spacecraft. Jakes calls the flagship. General Stilton and Link arrive to the base almost at the same time. Link warns Frank of Liz's kidnap. Frank insists that Jake leaves for home, and Frank and Link will take care of the problem with Liz. The spacecraft leaves without Jake, who jumpos onto the car with Frank and Link. The spacecraft leaves without direction. They all go to Bailey's air park, where Olympus and Stallwood are with Liz in a helicopter. Olympus wants to jump with the only parachute in the helicopter, but Stallwood holds onto him for dear life. Liz is on her own on the helicopter. Liz holds onto Frank, who is handing from the helicopter. Jake moves the helicopter so that they can jumpo onto the plane, but finds himself also distracted by Belle, Liz's female cat, whom he's trying to seduce. Jake asks for the American nationality. Jake makes the judge levitate. Link, Liz and Frank attend the ceremony.
tt0072226
Crime,Drama
The real incident took place in May of 1969. This one is about February of 1973, just west of Houston, Texas (Sugarland in actuality), Clovis Poplin is serving the remainder of his one year prison sentence in pre-release at the TDC Pre-Release Facility for petty larceny. His wife Lou Jean is also newly released from prison and comes to visit him with the intention of breaking him out because she just lost their child to foster parents that intend to adopt Baby Langston. She threatens to leave him for good if he does not go along with her plan. Clovis and Lou Jean are uneducated and not playing with a full deck; Clovis is naïve and easily manipulated and Lou Jean is beautiful, but annoying, ignorant, impulsive, and borderline sociopathic. Lou Jean is wearing Clovis' clothes underneath hers and they very easily sneak out of the facility, posing as visiting friends of Clovis' fellow prison mate, Hubie Nocker. They hitch a ride out with his parents, with his father driving on the freeway less than 25 miles an hour. A young patrol officer by the name of Maxwell Slide stops him and gives him a warning citation. Fearing that the young officer will spot them, Clovis and Lou Jean steal the elderly couple's 1956 Buick Roadmaster skidding and speeding over the Brazos River and through the town of Richmond, wrecking the car near a slough. Lou Jean pretends to be badly injured, and Patrolman Slide is kidnapped at gunpoint. Because Slide is new and inexperienced to the force, they seem to have little problem with his cooperation. Veteran police Captain Tanner is in the middle of a court hearing in Houston and the hearing immediately adjourned until later so he can get to the kidnapping. Tanner is a mannered and genteel soul who seems sympathetic to the Poplin's and Slide's dilemma, but realizes with his job he needs to stick to his principles and do the right thing. During the trip across Alternate Highway 90 and Interstate 10, the local radio station reveals Clovis to be a native of Crowley, a small town just south of Fort Worth and Lou Jean as an unemployed beautician from Sayers, a town just east of San Antonio. The Poplin's stop at a porta potty in the road so Lou Jean can relieve herself, an Exxon Humble filling station with cop cars escorting them, an Arco filling station taking a load of gold stamps, two Louisiana state troopers join in and participate, stop at a chicken stand in Pleasanton, then take Loop 1604. At a Fina gas station in Converse, Slide zooms his police car to escape the convoy of police cars so they can rest for the night. Clovis, Lou Jean, and Officer Slide hide out for the night at a used car lot near the old Loop 13 Drive In Movie Theater on Military Drive, with Slide handcuffed to the backseat of the police car and Clovis and Lou Jean staying in an RV. Captain Tanner and half the state police force are using the Harlandale ISD football stadium for the night. Captain Tanner has summoned Lou Jean's father from his home in Sayers by helicopter to make a statement to her via police radio to persuade her to turn herself in. He's an elderly man, courteous to the police officers, but just as ignorant and uneducated as Lou Jean and states on the radio that she's no good, would shoot her and Clovis if he had a chance, and that God will get her. Lou Jean does not hear this, but Slide hears it on the police radio in the car just before she comes to check on him. He assures her that he knows she's really a good person inside and comes to realize her upbringing was not a pleasant one. The next morning, an unidentified trio of leftist lunatics leave their home with intent to find Lou Jean and Clovis. They spot them at the used car lot and, acting no better than their upbringing taught them, shoot at the car's helpless occupants repeatedly. The police get wind of the incident and arrest the men, who are not the National Guard they claim to be. Tanner assures Clovis and Lou Jean that they will be left alone. But Tanner realizes he still needs to do his job. He asks the couple and baby to hide in a downtown shelter and enlists two sharpshooters to their home to kill the couple. Down the trip on Highway 90 from San Antonio to Sugarland (Del Rio in reality of this movie, except the filming location of the home and downtown was actually Floresville), Tanner dodges media, the trio in the police car are welcomed and supported by a large crowd in the fictional town of Rodrigo (probably Hondo), and they make it to the house. Clovis does not want to get out of the car and fears it's a trap, but Lou Jean pushes him to do it. Clovis is shot in the chest. The three of them drive to the Rio Grande river to cross the border, but Clovis dies at the wheel right before he can escape. After Clovis dies, Lou Jean is arrested and Officer Slide consoled by Captain Tanner for his bravery and a job well done. Lou Jean served 15 months of a 5 year prison sentence and was awarded custody by the state after getting out on parole.
tt0099819
Comedy,Crime
In the opening scene Joey Boca (Kevin Kline), owner of Joey's Pizzeria in Tacoma, Washington, confesses his many marital infidelities to a dismayed Roman Catholic priest. Later, Joey gets a telephone call at the pizzeria from a lover, but he cuts her off because his wife, Rosalie Boca (Tracey Ullman), is working beside him. At closing time, Joey grabs his plumber's tool kit and goes next door to the Villa Rosalie apartments, which he also owns. Joey's assistant, Devo Nod (River Phoenix), mentions to Rosalie that she should be more vigilant because Lacey (Victoria Jackson), the pretty tenant who called about a plumbing problem, has an eye for Joey. Rosalie tells Devo that Joey cannot help it if women find him attractive. Besides, Joey is Italian and has a right to look. Devo counters that some men do more than look. That evening, Devo, who secretly loves Rosalie, "throws rune stones" to divine her future, and tells Rosalie the stones say she needs a change. Rosalie's Yugoslavian mother, Nadja (Joan Plowright), lives with the Boca family and helps care for their two young children, Dominic (Jon Kasdan) and Carla (Alison Porter). Nadja, who does not approve of Joey, reads in 'The Sun' tabloid newspaper that a woman stabbed her husband 27 times for not putting the lid back on a jar of mustard. Though Rosalie wants Joey to stay home and help with the pizzeria bookkeeping, he insists on going out. At a disco, Joey sweet-talks a young woman (Phoebe Cates) and goes home with her. The next day, he asks Devo why he spends so much time with Rosalie, and Devo asks Joey why he treats Rosalie so badly. Later, Rosalie meets Bridget (Heather Graham), a young woman looking for an apartment. Bridget tells Rosalie that when she met Joey last night, he told her he had a place to rent. However, as Rosalie walks Bridget next door to Villa Rosalie, Joey appears and tells Bridget to return tomorrow. At that moment, another pretty tenant, Dewey Brown (Kathleen York), shouts to Joey from an upstairs window and throws down his pizzeria cap, which he left in her apartment. Rosalie wonders aloud if Dewey has "eyes" for Joey. At dinner, Nadja and Joey argue. She yells in a Slavic language and he yells back in Italian. The next day, during a visit to the library, Rosalie accidentally witnesses Joey picking up Donna Joy (Michelle Joyner), a young woman, on the other side of a bookshelf. Joey grips Donna Joy's buttocks as they kiss, brushes off her concern about his wife, then hurries her back to her apartment for quick sex before returning to work. Shocked and betrayed, Rosalie cries in a park, then goes home to share her hatred of Joey with her mother. Rosalie wails that she will never divorce him because he would move in with other women. She would rather kill him. Nadja agrees, and suggest that if Rosalie cannot kill Joey, the least she can do is kill herself. Nadja knows a fellow Yugoslavian immigrant who will kill Joey for money. She reasons from her steady diet of tabloid newspapers that murder is an acceptable American pastime. She visits her Yugoslavian friend at his trailer near the river. That night, as Joey returns home, the would-be assassin, wearing an Abraham Lincoln mask, attacks him with a baseball bat, but misses. Joey chases him out of the yard and reports the attack to police detective Lt. Larry Schooner (James Gammon), a regular customer at Joey's Pizzeria. Since Joey often carries large amounts of money, he buys a .22 pistol. Meanwhile, Nadja, who worked as a vehicle mechanic in Yugoslavia, wires a bomb in Joey's automobile, but tries to stop him from turning the key the next morning when Rosalie gets in the car. Immediately Rosalie realizes what her mother has done, and both she and Nadja brace for the explosion. Nothing happens when Joey turns the key, but he is perplexed by their reaction. That night, Nadja and Rosalie cook a spicy spaghetti sauce dosed with sleeping pills, but Joey becomes happy and flatulent. Eating more spaghetti, he finally falls face first into his plate. With no other options, Nadja telephones Devo and asks him to come help them carry Joey to bed. Devo reluctantly agrees to shoot Joey with the .22 pistol, but he turns away before pulling the trigger and is not certain he hit his target because Joey's face is stained with spaghetti sauce. The victim awakens with a headache (having been shot in his head), and there is blood on his pillow. Devo insists he cannot bring himself to fire another shot, but he knows two cousins who might do it. At a pool hall, Devo offers $300 to junkies Harlan and Marlon James (William Hurt and Keanu Reeves). When they object to the low price, Devo explains that Joey is already half-dead, so all they have to do is finish the job. The cousins finally settle on $500. Meanwhile, Rosalie keeps Joey in bed, insisting that he feels bad because he suffers from a virus. The intoxicated James cousins arrive at the Boca house. Nadja gives them Joey's .22, but they refuse to shoot unless there is loud music to cover up the noise. While the cousins discuss where Joey's heart is located, Nadja searches for a Johnny Mathis record album to play, and will not accept any substitute. Finally, one of the cousins fires a shot into Joey's chest. With the job done, Rosalie sobs, and the others celebrate over drinks in the kitchen. Realizing the finality of Joey's death, Rosalie prays to God to bring her husband and the father of her children back to life. Suddenly, Joey appears behind her, muttering that a firecracker awakened him. With blood on the back of his head and a large bloodstain on the front and back of his shirt from the through-and-through gunshot wound, the groggy Joey introduces himself to the bewildered Harlan and Marlon. Devo pays the would-be killers only $200 because they botched the job, and sends them home. Sometime later that same night at police headquarters, a recently arrested man (John Billingsley) bargains for better jail conditions by offering information about a murder for hire that he overheard. He tells Lt. Schooner that two cousins, Harlan and Marlon, were buying drinks at a bar and bragging they had been paid $5,000 to kill Joey Boca. Lt. Schooner and his partner Detective Carlos Wiley (Jack Kehler) go to the Boca house and, over the objections of Rosalie and Nadja, into Joey's bedroom. Seeing Joey's gunshot wounds, they telephone for an ambulance. Nadja explains that they found Joey in the yard and put him in bed, and Rosalie speculates that since Joey is Italian, he was the victim of a mob hit. The police arrest everyone. Harlan and Marlon claim that Devo fired the first shot. Rosalie and her mother each confess to shooting Joey and proclaim Devo's innocence. Devo hints at firing a shot, but does not speak because his lawyer (director Lawrence Kasdan) is present. Lacey, Joey's amorous tenant, visits him in the hospital, hoping to be his main girl friend now that Rosalie is in jail, but Joey insists that from now on he will take his marriage vows seriously. When Joey's Italian mother (Miriam Margolyes) visits, she alternately hugs her boy and slaps him for being unfaithful. After his release from the hospital, he bails everyone out of jail, including Harlan and Marlon. When Lt. Schooner wonders if he is freeing Rosalie so that he can kill her, Joey exclaims that he is more in love now than ever before. He admires how Rosalie became a maniac because of her jealous passion. Joey hugs Devo and regrets not listening to his admonitions about infidelity. When Joey kneels before Rosalie and offers to renew their marriage vows, she hits him, but realizes that he really loves her. Joey thanks Rosalie for giving him the sleeping pills, because doctors told him the barbiturates prevented him from bleeding to death. Devo asks Nadja what they should do if Joey returns to cheating. Nadja jokes that they will have to shoot him again.
tt1935897
Horror,Thriller
The film opens with news coverage of the grisly crime scene at 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, Long Island, New York. In 1974, Ronald DeFeo, Jr. murdered his parents and siblings after claiming voices in the house made him do so. The news reporters wonder if there truly is evil living in that house. Over forty years later, Joan Walker (Jennifer Jason Leigh) moves to the house with her children Belle (Bella Thorne), Juliet (Mckenna Grace), and James (Cameron Monaghan), and their dog Larry. James is brain-dead after an accident from a few years earlier. Joan thinks it's time for a fresh start in a new place, but Belle thinks nothing will change for the better regarding James's condition. Belle starts at a new school. The other kids know about the house she lives in and they mock her for it. The only kid who is friendly with her is Terrence (Thomas Mann). At night, Belle finds Juliet wandering the house. Belle takes her back upstairs to her room when they hear a beeping coming from James's room. Joan wakes up and runs to her son and tries to help him. James flat-lines, but Joan apparently revives him. Back at school, Belle does research on the house, learning about the murders that took place. Terrence approaches her and shows her a DVD of the original "Amityville Horror" film with James Brolin and Margot Kidder. He then suggests they watch it in the house, to which Belle agrees. Joan meets with Dr. Milner (Kurtwood Smith) and her sister Candace (Jennifer Morrison) to discuss James's condition. Joan believes he really is getting better while Dr. Milner is more skeptical since others with James's condition have not usually come back. Belle is annoyed that everyone is continuing to put James through this. She leaves the room and finds Juliet talking to James, claiming he responds with things that only Belle would know. Belle later has a nightmare that she finds the blood-stained wallpaper in her room before being face-to-face with Ronald DeFeo, Jr. Terrence and his friend Marissa (Taylor Spreitler) arrive to watch the movie at 3:15 AM the following night, which is around the same time the murders happened. Terrence suggests the remake with Ryan Reynolds, but they decline (because "remakes suck"). The power goes out, so they go to the basement to find the fuse box. They find old things from previous owners, like the "High Hopes" sign. After the power comes back, Joan scolds Belle for having friends over without her permission. Dr. Milner and Candace return to perform a test on James to see if he really has improved motor functions. Moments later, Dr. Milner experiences a vision of flies swarming all over him and James's body. He leaves the house freaked out. Belle and Juliet experience more hauntings in the form of apparitions, shadows, and a dream in which James is fully mobile and he shoots Belle. Candace brings a computer so that James may communicate with his eyelids. Words appear on the screen in response to questions the others ask him. Joan is elated that she can communicate with her son again. Belle talks to Marissa about what happened to James. He went to defend her from punks that were tormenting her, and he was thrown from the second story, leading to his condition. Belle blames herself for what happened. Later on in the library, they meet with Terrence to discuss the possibility that James may be possessed by a spirit that is giving him improved function, and that the hauntings are due to a magic circle drawn around the house. Belle goes to James's room to try and talk to him. When she asks how she can help him, he responds with "KILL ME" on the monitor, followed by "GET OUT". Belle pulls his breathing tubes out just as Joan walks in. She then sees that James is breathing on his own, making Joan think that he wants to live. Terrence suggest to Belle that she find a way to prove to Joan that James is not who she believes he is. Belle uses the computer to write a message making it seem like James wants to go outside. Joan and Candace take him and Juliet out while Belle goes to the basement to find proof. She breaks down a wall to find "KILL THEM ALL" scratched into the bricks. Meanwhile, Juliet is spooked by a demonic reflection in the lake. Belle tells her mom about the theory that James is possessed, even if it sounds crazy. Joan says she's not crazy and admits that she lost her faith in God after her husband died and James's accident, and she deliberately brought them to the Amityville house so that James could possibly be revived. Belle later tries to break out of the house with James, but Joan knocks her out. Belle wakes up at 3:15 AM. She goes downstairs and sees Joan and Juliet seated for a meal, with James seemingly having prepared it. This, of course, turns out to be a dream. As she wakes up for real, a now fully-possessed James emerges from his bed, just as Candace shows up at the house. James goes down to the basement and retrieves a gun. He kills Candace and Larry, and then goes after Joan. She holds onto a crucifix to hold him back, but James shoots her dead. He goes to Juliet's room to kill her too, but Belle jumps and pushes herself and James out the window. She pulls him outside the circle, and the demon leaves James's body, reverting him back to his emaciated form. Before dying, he thanks Belle for saving him. She cries over her brother's body. In the aftermath, Belle is questioned by the police over the deaths of Joan, James, and Candace. Juliet is able to back up her story, and James's fingerprints are found on the murder weapon. Another news report comments on yet another tragedy occurring in the Amityville house.
tt0097368
Horror,Sci-Fi
Several months after the death of Seth Brundle, his lover Veronica is giving birth to their son at Bartok Industries, the company that funded Brundle's experiments. The labor is very painful, and her accomplice Stathis Borans is dragged away from the procedure after he objects to her treatment. She eventually gives birth to a larval sac, causing her to go into shock and die. The larval sac is opened by the surgeons to reveal a seemingly normal human baby inside. The baby is named "Martin" by the scientists. He begins to age much faster than a normal human; the company's CEO, Bartok, tells him that this is due to an extremely rare disease called "Brundle's Accelerated Growth Syndrome", caused by inherited mutant DNA from his father (hence the disease's name). Martin is just as much of a genius as his father, and Bartok wants him to finish the work Seth started. One day, Martin sneaks into a room where animals are held for testing, and befriends a Golden Retriever. He slips out of his room one day to bring the dog some of his dinner, but he finds that it has been transferred to another section. Martin goes there to discover a new set of Telepods, like the ones his father invented; his dog is being prepared for teleportation. The scientists send the dog through, but it unfortunately emerges as a hideous mutant, biting off a scientist's fingers. A horrified Martin screams, as Bartok consoles him. Five years after Martin's birth, he is now physically 20 years old. He is taken to a new living space, which is much more luxurious and wide open. Bartok also tells Martin that he wants him to fix the Telepods; as Martin saw with the dog, they are unable to properly teleport anything, even inanimate objects like apples. Bartok assures Martin that the dog didn't suffer long, and apologizes for it. Martin is still skeptical about working on the Telepods, but Bartok gives him videotapes of his father being interviewed by Veronica to watch. On the tapes, Seth says that the teleportation somehow invigorated him and gave him more energy (though he was unaware of his eventual mutation at the time). Inspired by his father, Martin begins working on the Telepods. Martin eventually manages to send a telephone through the pods with no ill effects, but he quickly decides he needs organic matter to transmit. He befriends another Bartok employee, Beth, and tries to send a cactus she owns through the Telepods. It comes out heavily damaged. Beth then invites Martin to have dinner with her, and he agrees. One day, Beth takes Martin to a party in the Genetic Research area. He overhears someone talking about a hideous mutant the company has kept alive for two years. Martin slips away from the party and goes down to see it, discovering to his horror that the mutant in question is the Golden Retriever from his childhood. Outraged, Martin slips into the holding pen where the dog is to visit it. The dog is initially hostile, but it soon realizes who he is and relents. Martin sits and pets his dog for a while, before taking out some chloroform and putting it to sleep. The next day, Bartok asks Martin about a break-in at Genetic Research, which Martin denies knowledge of. Bartok realizes he is lying, and theorizes that Martin will eventually become just like him. Martin invites Beth to watch him teleport a kitten. While she initially reacts with horror, she is relieved when the kitten goes through unharmed. Later that night, Beth and Martin make love. The morning after, Beth notices what appears to be an open sore on Martin's arm. Theorizing that this is from the mutant DNA Bartok told him about, Martin asks the computer what can be done. It tells him that the mutant DNA can be replaced with healthy DNA from another donor, using a gene-swapping program built into the Telepod computer. Martin rejects this idea when he sees such a process would turn the donor into a horrific mutant. Martin notices the sore on his arm is secreting a sticky, web-like fluid. When Bartok finds out, he realizes that Martin will soon become a human/fly hybrid like his father. Beth then discovers she is denied access to Martin's work area, and is told that the company taped her and Martin in bed. She tells Martin, who angrily trashes his living area and eventually discovers the hidden camera inside. He destroys it and breaks into the surveillance area, discovering that every moment of his life has been secretly taped. He then runs into another tape of his father, this time in the initial stage of mutation, recounting how a fly had gotten into the telepod with him. Realizing what is happening to him, Martin escapes from Bartok's facility and goes to see Beth at her houseboat. Bartok's scientists attempt to activate the telepods, but they quickly discover that Martin has installed a password system (the computer asks for "the magic word"). If the wrong password is entered, the computer will use a tapeworm virus to completely wipe its memory. Realizing that Martin must be brought back, Bartok's henchmen chase him and Beth, who go on the run. The two visit Stathis Borans, now a reclusive drunk, who theorizes that a cure for Martin's condition involves the Telepods. He gives them his car, and they check into a motel for the night. Martin's transformation quickly becomes too much for Beth to bear, and she surrenders the two of them to Bartok. A now-cocooned Martin is brought back to Bartok Industries, while Beth is interrogated about the "magic word". After some time, Martin's cocoon bursts open and reveals a human/fly hybrid-- "Martinfly." Unlike Martin's father, who was a sickly, deformed mutant, Martin's transformed form is extremely deadly, likely owing to Martin having been born with fly genes rather than being fused with them. It goes on a rampage throughout the facility, killing several security guards. However, a trace of Martin's humanity remains intact; the creature simply strokes a guard dog sent to locate it, and also refuses to harm Beth when it encounters her. Eventually, it breaks into the Telepod bay, grabs Bartok, and uses his hands to type in the his password -- "Dad." The gene-swapping program boots up, and the telepod door opens. Martinfly drags Bartok into the telepod with it, and uses Bartok's hands to gesture at Beth, telling her to activate the teleportation sequence. Over Bartok's objections, she activates it, and Martinfly and Bartok are teleported just as security breaks into the area. The two emerge from the pod fused into a large mass of slimy flesh. Martin breaks free, his human form restored. Bartok is now a hideous mutant. An exhausted Martin assures Beth that he is okay, and they embrace. Later, the Bartok mutant suffers an ironic fate; it is placed into the same area Martin's mutated dog was, doomed to messily eat gruel through its dying days. As the mutant crawls to the bowl of food, it notices a fly crawling on the rim of the bowl. With this shot, the film ends.
tt0081747
Action,Adventure,Drama
Shelby Gilmore (William Holden), who owns a newly constructed hotel on a remote Pacific island, wants desperately to marry his secretary, Kay Kirby (Jacqueline Bisset) and proposes to her under the impression that she'll become his seventh wife. Unknown to Shelby, Kay is in love with Hank Anderson (Paul Newman), an oil rigger whose scientists are warning him that a nearby active volcano is about to erupt. Shelby's partner, Bob Spangler (James Franciscus), assures guests at the hotel that the threat of the volcano is a total exaggeration, explaining that it only erupts once every thousand years. Spangler is married to Shelby's goddaughter Nikki (Veronica Hamel), but is cheating on her with Iolani (Barbara Carrera), an executive with Shelby's hotel. Iolani is engaged to Brian (Edward Albert), the hotel's general manager. Unbeknownst to all except Spangler, who chooses not to reveal the secret, Brian is his illegitimate younger half-brother and therefore part-owner of the resort. Guests at the hotel include a bonds smuggler, Francis Fendly (Red Buttons), who is being tailed by a New York City private investigator, Tom Conti (Ernest Borgnine). Also on hand are Rene and Rose Valdez (Burgess Meredith and Valentina Cortese), who are retired circus tightrope walkers. Hank's oil-rig workers include Tiny Baker (Alex Karras), who has a wager going with cockfighting rival Sam (Pat Morita) with a prized rooster that has just been delivered to him. Sam and his wife Mona (Sheila Allen) own a local bar. Hank and Kay go for a picnic on the beach to discuss their relationship. During their time together, the volcano erupts and most of the island's population are wiped out. Tiny and all of Hank's workers are killed in town when a tidal wave crashes onto them. Sam takes Mona and two of his girls, Delores and Marsha, and escapes by car, while Hank and Kay rescue Nikki and some others at the stables by helicopter. The only survivors are those at Shelby's hotel, overlooking a disaster that will surely come straight for them, as the volcano is spewing fireballs. A fireball lands at the hotel - Conti is blinded in the explosion, to Fendly's horror. Some of the hotel guests panic and try to escape by stealing the helicopter, but it soon crashes, killing all those inside. Hank insists that everyone must evacuate the hotel and journey to a safe side of the island to await rescue. However, Spangler convinces the majority of the guests to stay, including mistress Iolani. Shelby bids a farewell to Nikki, who insists on staying with her husband. After one final attempt to persuade others to join them, Hank and Kay leave the hotel with Shelby, Brian, Rene and Rose, Fendly and Conti, Sam, Mona and the girls, plus a few more guests. At the hotel, Nikki stumbles upon her husband's affair with Iolani, but now it is too late for her to follow the others though Spangler expels her from the hotel. Trucks carrying survivors manage to travel as far as a mountainside gorge which a rockslide has blocked the road. Everyone must cross the gorge on foot. Conti is guided by Fendly, and the two become friends. From there, the party comes upon a rickety wooden bridge over a river of molten lava. Hank crosses first to see if it is safe. The others go in pairs. Two native children, whose father died crossing the gorge, are afraid and run away. Rose, who had stopped to rest with Rene because of her weak heart, dies after telling her husband to find the children. After an explosion beneath the bridge causes Sam and Marsha to fall to their deaths into the lava, Rene hoists a child onto his back and recreates his old tightrope act in getting the child safely across. Hank guides the second child to safety. The survivors take refuge in a cavern, during which time the volcano fully explodes and fireballs streak across the sky. Spangler gets his comeuppance when one huge fireball arcs directly towards the hotel; when it hits, the hotel explodes, killing him, Nikki, Iolani and all those who had unfortunately chosen to stay. The survivors (fearing they're the only ones left on the island) continue on toward a beach to wait for rescue.
tt0080391
Adventure,Comedy,Horror
The film opens with a scroll saying that when Alfred Hitchcock's film The Birds (1963) was released, audiences laughed at the notion of birds revolting against humanity, but when an attack perpetrated by birds occurred in 1975, no one laughed. This is followed by a pre-credits sequence of a tomato rising out of a woman's garbage disposal unit. Her puzzlement turns into terror as the tomato draws her into a corner. Following the opening credits, the police investigate her death. One officer discovers that the red substance she is covered with is not blood, but tomato juice. A series of attacks perpetrated by tomatoes occur (including a man dying by drinking tomato juice made from a killer tomato, a boy heard being gobbled up by a killer tomato, and a sequence where the tomatoes attack innocent swimmers in a bay area of San Diego, in a parody of 'Jaws'). While the President's press secretary, Jim Richardson, tries to convince the public that there is no credible threat, the president puts together a team of specialists to stop the tomatoes led by a Euro-American man named Mason Dixon. Dixon's team includes Sam Smith, an African-American disguise expert who is seen at various points dressed as, among other things, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and Adolf Hitler; Euro-American Navy diver Greg Colburn; Central-Russo Russian Olympic swimmer Gretta Attenbaum; and Euro-American parachute-toting soldier Wilbur Finletter. Smith is sent out to infiltrate the tomatoes at a campfire, eventually blowing his cover while eating a hamburger and asking if anyone could "pass the ketchup". Colburn and Gretta are sent to sectors, while Finletter stays with Mason. Meanwhile, the president sends Richardson to the fictitious ad agency "Mind Makers," where executive Ted Swan spends huge amounts of money to develop virtually worthless ploys including a bumper sticker with "STP" for "Stop Tomato Program" on it, a satirical reference to the real "whip inflation now" campaign and its widely ridiculed "WIN" slogan. It is revealed that a human is also plotting to stop Dixon when a masked assassin attempts to shoot him, but misses. A senate subcommittee meeting is held where one secret pamphlet is leaked to a newspaper editor who sends reporter Lois Fairchild on the story. While she tails Finletter, he mistakes her for a spy and trashes a hotel room attempting to kill her. He then chases the assassin as the masked man fails again to kill Dixon, but loses him. Gretta is killed and further regression has led leaders to bring in tanks and soldiers to the west coast in a battle that leaves the American forces in shambles. Dixon, walking among the rubble, sees a trail of tomato juice and decides to investigate. He ends up being chased by a killer tomato to an apartment where an oblivious child is listening to the radio. The tomato is about to kill Dixon but suddenly flies out the window. Dixon peers out to see if it has died when he spots the assassin hijacking his car. He chases the assassin on foot until he is knocked out when it is revealed that Richardson is behind the tomatoes. He is about to reveal his secret of control when Finletter charges in and runs him through. Dixon, picking up some strewn records, realizes that both times the tomatoes left him the new hit song "Puberty Love" had been on the radio. He orders Finletter to gather all remaining people and bring them to the stadium, which is soon attacked by the tomatoes. The tomatoes are cornered in a stadium. "Puberty Love" is played over the loudspeaker, causing the tomatoes to shrink and allowing the various people at the stadium to squash them by stomping on them repeatedly. Fairchild, meanwhile, is cornered by a giant tomato wearing earmuffs. Dixon saves her by showing the tomato the sheet music to "Puberty Love." He professes his love to her, in song. The film ends with a carrot that rises from the Earth and says "All right, you guys. They're gone now." The end credits title card appears which is a joke to stay tuned for the sequel, "Attack of the Killer Carrots".
tt0079871
Crime,Drama
A young offender is sent to borstal ("reform school" in American terms) and faces the brutality and indifference of the guards. He manages to work his way to the top of the prisoner heap by his use of violence against the reigning inmates who attempt to intimidate him. The standard response to inmate-on-inmate violence when asked by the guards is "I fell sir" - the fear of retaliation is more compelling than any help you might or might not get from the staff. There's a really brutal and realistic rape scene in the garden shed of a younger looking inmate, while a guard looks in through the window, appearing to be enjoying the scene. When asked "what's all this then?" he manages to croak out the expected reply, ludicrous given the obviousness of what happened. The victim ends up killing himself as a result, sparking off a riot. another interesting inmate is the intellectual trying to fight the system in his own non-violent way, equally unsuccessfully. Frankly, there's really not a lot of plot, this movie is mostly about the characters and the conditions in places like these that appear to sadly be the same in a lot of different countries and cultures. It is reminiscent of "Bad Boys" starring Sean Penn that came out in the US about the same time, which had a bit more plot than this movie, but was equally bleak in it's portrayal of life inside a juvenile offenders prison/borstal/reform school.
tt0090768
Drama,Fantasy,Romance
15-year-old Amelia, called Milly, and her family move into a new suburban home shortly after the death of her father. Milly makes friends with her new neighbor Geneva, and Milly and her eight-year-old brother Louis have difficulty adjusting to their new schools, while their mother Charlene copes with a demotion at work and her inability to learn how to use a computer. Louis is also plagued by bullies down the street who won't let him get around the block. During the first night at the house, Charlene tells Milly she will need her help to make this work. Milly returns to her bedroom and is talking to her pet bird when something flies past the window, but when Milly goes to investigate she sees nothing. Milly and Geneva observe Eric Gibb, an autistic boy living next door with his alcoholic uncle Hugo. Eric has never spoken a word in his life, doesn't like to be around people and exhibits bizarre behavior related to flying, such as balancing on the roof of his house with his arms spread out like an airplane. Milly hears that Eric's parents died in a plane crash, and that somehow, in the instant of their death, he knew; and that he did the only thing he could think of to try to save them, which was to become an airplane. Later that night, Milly and her family watch as Eric (along with Milly's teacher Mrs. Sherman) and three adults appear outside with Eric in a straight jacket and being restrained by two men, with Mrs. Sherman arguing with a woman there about what is best for Eric. Milly later reveals to Geneva that she finds Eric attractive. Although Eric cannot communicate with anyone, he begins to react to Milly, first by mimicking her movements and facial expressions. Her teacher, Mrs. Sherman, observes this interaction and asks Milly to keep an eye on Eric. Mrs. Sherman explains that, because of uncle Hugo's drinking, Eric is in constant danger of being taken by authorities and placed in a hospital; but that when Eric was taken away before, he became so sick that he almost died. Milly works with Eric over the course of the school year and takes notes on his progress, which is slow at first. Milly notes excitedly the first time Eric smiles on his own rather than merely copying her own smile. Eric does nothing when Milly throws balls to him, except for one day when he spontaneously reaches out and catches a stray baseball flying toward Milly's head. However, strange occurrences, like Eric's apparent ability to appear in his own window one instant, and in Milly's the next, begin to make Milly question reality. In her notes, Milly wonders whether Eric is becoming more like her, or the other way around. On a school field trip, with no one present except Eric, Milly falls off a bridge while trying to pick a rose. Knocked unconscious, she dreams that she wakes up in the hospital, with Eric sat on the windowsill. After a conversation with him (albeit wordless on Eric's part), she becomes convinced he can fly. Eric gives her the rose she was trying to reach and then, taking her hand, leads her out of the window and the two begin flying. The two watch a fireworks display from a cloud before they share a kiss and return to the hospital window. After watching Eric fly off, Milly's dream becomes a nightmare as she sees her father in a hospital bed, dead, with a girl called Mona (who Milly told to throw a basketball at her head earlier) throwing a basketball at her which knocks her out of the window. Milly then wakes up in a hospital and tells her mother that Eric can fly and that he caught her as she fell. A shrink called Doctor Grenader talks to Milly, who tells Doctor Grenader that Eric caught her as she only has a concussion and no serious injuries. Upon returning home, Milly notices the rose on her windowsill and now becomes truly convinced that Eric can fly. When she shouts to Uncle Hugo about Eric's whereabouts, he replies by saying the institute has taken him away as Hugo was found drunk again. Despite the efforts of Milly and her family, they are not allowed to see Eric when they visit the institute. As they leave, Eric tries to force the window open and is restrained by two men who try to sedate him. Another attempt by Louis to get around the block fails as the bullies tear his tricycle apart and to make matters worse, his dog Max is hit by a passing car and is taken to an animal hospital. Later that evening, Milly thinks she spots Eric on his roof during a thunderstorm and after climbing into the attic, she finds Eric, who is shivering with cold and still wearing a straight jacket after managing to somehow escape the institute. As Milly helps him, he pulls out a box and from within it, he takes out a ring which he gives to Milly. When the authorities arrive at Eric's house the next day, Milly sneaks Eric out and the police chase them to the roof of the school during a carnival. Eric turns to Milly and speaks her name, the first word he has spoken thus far. Milly asks Eric if he really can fly, and he smiles and nods his head. He holds her hand and the two fall off the building. Just before hitting the ground, Milly and Eric begin flying in plain view of the crowd around the carnival, which follows Milly and Eric down the streets of their town, shocking Charlene, Louis, Geneva and Uncle Hugo. Eric brings Milly to her own window, tells her he loves her and kisses her before he says goodbye and flies away. Milly is heartbroken, but quickly realizes why Eric had to leave. Over the following weeks, spectators, policemen and scientists mob the town, looking for an explanation and taking all of Eric's belongings away to be analyzed. Milly speculates that Eric too would have been taken by scientists had he remained. It is revealed that Milly's father knew he had cancer, but kept it a secret from his family because he did not want them to worry. Rather than seek treatment, he said goodbye and committed suicide. His refusal to fight for life left the Michaelsons feeling helpless and hopeless, but Eric's ability to fly shows them that anything is possible if you believe. Unlike Milly's father, Eric's uncle and the remaining Michaelsons refuse to give up: Eric's uncle beats his drinking problem and gets an excellent job; The Michaelson's dog Max gets better; Louis dominates the bullies down the street (with some help from Max); Charlene masters the computer at work; and Milly regains interest in her life and relationships with those around her. The movie ends with Milly looking out the window, hoping Eric will return someday. As the sun sets, she throws out a paper airplane and the credits roll.
tt0071607
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
In this sequel to 'The Love Bug', historical buildings in San Francisco, California, are demolished while shopping center developer Alonzo Hawk (Keenan Wynn) watches with joy from his chauffeured Rolls Royce. Later, Hawk unveils his latest project, a 130-foot, H-shaped pair of office towers called Hawk Plaza. When the groundbreaking crew calls, Hawk is outraged to learn that one building still stands in the way of construction, and Hawk's lawyer reports that his team was unable to convince its elderly owner, Mrs. Steinmetz (Helen Hayes), to sign over her property. As Hawk argues that he needs someone nonthreatening and dim-witted to gain Mrs. Steinmetz's trust, his secretary announces the arrival of his nephew, a recent law school graduate. Willoughby Whitfield (Ken Barry) presents his uncle with a humanitarian award, presuming that Hawk is trying to improve the community with his developments. Seeing the young man as the perfect instrument to carry out his bidding, Hawk describes Mrs. Steinmetz as a threat to society and Willoughby eagerly accepts his uncle's orders to evict her. When Willoughby arrives at Mrs. Steinmetz's home, a converted Victorian firehouse, her living Volkswagen Beetle, Herbie, rolls on his foot and Mrs. Steinmetz says the car protects her. She invites Willoughby inside for tea and explains that Herbie, who was once a famous race car, is able to engage in conversations for the car is alive. Showing her guest around, Mrs. Steinmetz says that the house was the location of her wedding to a heroic fireman and she refuses to take Hawk's check. When Mrs. Steinmetz's tenant, Nicole (Stefanie Powers), arrives home from her flight attendant job and learns that Willoughby is a Hawk representative, she punches him in the face. Although Mrs. Steinmetz defends Willoughby, Nicole sends the old lady upstairs for a nap and kicks him out. In response to Willoughby's suggestion that Mrs. Steinmetz has lost her mental faculties because she talks to her car, Nicole takes him for a ride in Herbie. The Beetle drives the couple across the Golden Gate Bridge to a car jousting event and enters himself in the competition. Despite Willoughby's protests, Herbie speeds toward the champion and wins, leaving Willoughby convinced of his powers. Apologizing to Nicole, Willoughby takes her to lunch and learns of Hawk's offenses, but when he admits to being the man's nephew, Nicole pushes him into the bay. That night, Mrs. Steinmetz encourages Nicole to pursue a relationship with Willoughby. In the morning, Willoughby decides to resign from his position with Hawk and returns to Mrs. Steinmetz's house to say goodbye. The elderly woman is pleased to hear that Willoughby realizes his uncle's wrongdoings and presses him to see Nicole again before leaving town. Back at Hawk's office, the developer learns about his nephew's resignation and makes threats of violence while Willoughby listens from outside. Willoughby calls his uncle from a lobby payphone and tells him to stay away from Mrs. Steinmetz, but Hawk is livid and orders his lawyers to go after the old lady. Claiming to be an expert car thief, Hawk announces that he will steal Mrs. Steinmetz's car in under fifteen minutes. As he drives Herbie away from Mrs. Steinmetz's house, Hawk insults the car and it stops in the middle of traffic. A police officer recognizes Hawk and attempts to push Herbie out of the way, but the Beetle provokes a collision between the squad car and the vehicles behind it. When Hawk insults the traffic commissioner, Herbie throttles into reverse, causing two squad cars to collide. Herbie races back to Hawk's office and as the developer is thrown from the car, he orders his lawyers go after him while a police officer presents him with traffic citations. At an airport pay phone, Nicole learns about Willoughby's change of heart from Mrs. Steinmetz and expresses regret that she will not see him again, but as she walks away she overhears the young man on the phone with his mother and the couple reunites. Meanwhile, Herbie returns to Mrs. Steinmetz. Leaving for the market, they are spotted by Hawk's men and Herbie leads them on a chase. As the lawyers report back to Hawk, Herbie cruises through a fancy restaurant and directs the men up the suspension railing of the Golden Gate Bridge. Returning home with her groceries, Mrs. Steinmetz finds Willoughby and Nicole. Attempting to give the couple time to develop their relationship, Mrs. Steinmetz asks them to return to the store, but they are spotted by Hawk's chauffeur and Herbie hides them at the beach. When Hawk orders the chauffeur to keep the couple away from the firehouse until dark, the man pays a fisherman to block the only road that accesses the beach. As Herbie chases seagulls, Willoughby and Nicole kiss. Upon discovering the fisherman's motor home in their way, Herbie accelerates off a pier and glides through the water back to San Francisco. Willoughby and Nicole find that Mrs. Steinmetz's house was stripped of its belongings by a crew from Alonzo Hawk Van & Storage. Herbie smashes through the door of Hawk's warehouse, but when they uncover Mrs. Steinmetz's items, they are held at gunpoint by two security guards. Herbie sneaks up a ramp, pushes over boxes and furniture, and traps the guards. As Herbie pushes Mrs. Steinmetz's belongings home on an antique cable car, a drunken tourist, Mr. Judson, steps on board and flirts with the old lady. Meanwhile, the guards report the incident to Hawks and he orders a pursuit. Herbie and the cable car reach the top of a hill and Willoughby gets out to secure the vehicles together, but Herbie sees Hawk's Rolls Royce leading a trail of security cars and sets into reverse to chase them away. Although Hawk's Rolls Royce is wrecked and Herbie gets away, the cable car plunges down the hill. Willoughby pulls himself through Herbie's sunroof as the car races to her rescue. As the cable car speeds toward the bay, Herbie pulls alongside it and Willoughby climbs on board, cranking the hand brake just in time. The next morning, Mrs. Steinmetz insists on going to Hawk's office. She drives Herbie onto a window washer's lift and climbs twenty-eight floors to his office while Willoughby hangs from the side, trying to stop her. Mrs. Steinmetz helps him to safety after he agrees to let her talk to Hawk. As they arrive at Hawk's window, they overhear him ordering Loostgarten, the owner of a wrecking ball company, to destroy her house without a permit, and Mrs. Steinmetz pummels the man with window cleaner. Herbie chases Hawk through his bubble soaked office onto the outer ledge of his building, but Mrs. Steinmetz makes Herbie retreat. Sometime later, Willoughby impersonates his uncle and calls Loostgarten to cancel the demolition. He orders the man to destroy Hawk's house, instead. The next morning, Hawk calls Mrs. Steinmetz to admit defeat. He claims that the destruction of his home made him regret tearing down historic buildings but as he hangs up, Hawk tells his lawyers the call is a ruse. That evening, Mrs. Steinmetz feigns exhaustion so Willoughby and Nicole can have an intimate dinner together and enjoys a meal with Mr. Judson at home. When the house shakes, Mrs. Steinmetz finds Hawk with a wrecking crew outside her door and Herbie speeds away to collect Willoughby and Nicole. On their way back to Mrs. Steinmetz's house an army of Volkswagen Beetles join forces with Herbie. Meanwhile, Hawk and his men approach the house, but Mr. Judson dons Mr. Steinmetz's fireman's hat and defends the property with a water hose. However, he is unable to fend off the attackers. Just as Hawk orders his final blow to the house, Herbie and his team of Beetles arrive and chase him away. Although Willoughby has not proposed to Nicole, the young lawyer regains control of Herbie by claiming that the car will not be invited to their wedding if he does not behave. By the time Hawk complains to the police about being chased by Beetles, there are no vehicles in sight and, presuming the man is insane, the officers take him away. Sometime later, Willoughby and Nicole are married at Mrs. Steinmetz's house and Herbie escorts them on their honeymoon along all of the other living Volkswagen Beetles.
tt0079073
Horror,Romance
A great storm rages, and the lunatics at Seward Sanitarium in Whitby are restless. Lucy Seward [Kate Nelligan] goes to help her father Jack [Donald Pleasance] while the sickly Mina Van Helsing [Jan Francis], who is staying with the Sewards, remains in bed. Mina is awakened by the storm and sees a runaway ship. She races down to the beach and comes upon an injured man (Dracula, of course). The next day, Jonathan Harker [Trevor Eve] salvages Dracula's cargo and has Milo Renfield [Tony Haygarth] deliver it to Carfax Abbey where Dracula is staying. Some nights later, the Sewards hold a dinner party and invite Count Dracula [Frank Langella]. Mina is not feeling well, but Lucy and the Count hit it off. Later that night, Dracula comes to Mina's bedroom. The next morning, Mina dies. Seward sends for her father, Doctor Abraham Van Helsing [Laurence Olivier]. Van Helsing arrives just after Mina's burial and, because Seward must pick Van Helsing up at the station, Lucy alone accepts an invitation to dine with Dracula.That night, Mina kills a baby. The next evening, Dracula pays his respects to Mina's grave and meets Van Helsing. Dracula comes to Lucy that night and 'mates' with her. Knowing that Mina is vampire, Van Helsing and Seward track her down and destroy her. Dracula confronts Van Helsing who determines that Dracula casts no reflection in a mirror and thus is the vampire. The next day, while Lucy is held in a sanitarium cell for her own protection, Harker and Van Helsing search out Dracula's coffin at Carfax. But it is empty! During daylight hours? "After my rest, my need is only to stay in darkness," Dracula admits. Harker visits Lucy in her cell only to discover that she is turning vampire. Dracula enters the sanitarium, kills Renfield, and escapes with Lucy. Dracula and Lucy, pursued by Harker, Seward and Van Helsing, begin a wild dash for the shipyard. Although Harker's car suffers axle damage and they must walk, they arrive at the dock just as Dracula's ship clears the harbor. Harker and Van Helsing snatch a boat and catch up with the vessel. They find Lucy and Dracula asleep in their coffin. Van Helsing attempts to stake Dracula, but Dracula awakens in time to stake Van Helsing instead. Just before he dies, Van Helsing hooks a cargo winch in Dracula's back and hoists him up out of the hold into the sun. Dracula is destroyed by the light, and Lucy is released. But Dracula's cape suddenly takes flight, and Lucy smiles. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0073705
Horror,Sci-Fi
At Starliner Towers, a modern high-rise apartment complex on Starliner Island located just outside Montreal, prospective tenants are welcomed by the smarmy manager Merrick. In one of the apartment, Dr. Emil Hobbes, attacks a young woman, named Annabelle, who wears a school uniform. He strangles Annabelle to death, slices open her stomach, and pours acid in before slitting his own throat. In another apartment, Nicholas Tudor, sits in front of a bathroom mirror, apparently suffering from stomach convulsions. Tudor goes to Annabelle's apartment, and recoils from the scene of carnage, but leaves without telling anyone about it. The two bodies are found by a resident doctor who calls the police. The resident doctor, Roger St. Luc, is quite calm about it as the paramedics carry the bodies away. St. Luc goes to the office of Hobbes medical partner, Rollo Linsky, who describes the project they were working on which Rollo explains it as: "a parasite that can take over the function of a human organ", and he also reveals Hobbes' penchant for pedophilia, telling St. Luc that he was once caught "examining a young girl's breasts for cancer" when the girl was 12 years old. Meanwhile, Nick Tudor's neglected and concerned wife, Janine, seeks advice from St. Luc about her husband's sickness and reluctance to see a doctor. At the same time, Tudor leaves work early and goes home to Starliner Towers after more convolutions. At his apartment, he vomits what appears to be feaces over the balcony, just as two old women pass below. It thumps onto one of the women's umbrella, startling them. They think a dead bird landed on them due to the blood-stained splat on the umbrella. The fecal parasite slithers away into the undergrowth. In the laundry room of the building, an old woman investigates a trail of brown slime leading from an open window to a washing machine. As she lifts the lid, the parasite hurtles out and clamps onto her cheek. She tries to pull it off but cannot. At Dr. St. Luc's office, an elderly man complains to the doctor about stomach lumps saying that he may have caught them as a sexually transmitted disease from "the girl in 1511" - Annabelle Brown. Meanwhile, a distressed Janine Tudor visits her friend Betts to confide in her about Nick's recent behavior. Betts tells Janine to give Nick some space while she clearly makes sly remarks to Janine about how she looks. When Janine returns to the apartment, Nick has passed out on the kitchen floor after throwing up blood. In a corridor, two children play door knocking pranks until a parasite appears in the mail box opener at one of the doors (the Tudor apartment) and the kids flee away in terror. Inside the Tudor apartment, Nick callously dismisses Janine's worry about his health. When he is alone, he lays on his bed and encourages his chest lumps to move, talking to them as if he is talking to a pet. Meanwhile, Betts runs a bath, listening to a radio announcement about the murder and suicide at Starliner Towers. In the building physician's office, Dr. St. Luc seems indifferent to the amorous advances from his nurse, Miss Forsythe. They are interrupted by the telephone. Linsky calls St. Luc from Hobbes office downtown where he found Hobbes notes, which far exceed their original project. According to Linsky reading one paper, Hobbes wrote: "Man is an animal who thinks too much", and had a vision about creating a parasite which was "a combination of aphrodisiac and venereal disease that will hopefully turn the world into one mindless orgy". He was also using Annabelle as a guinea pig for his experiment and that he infected with a parasite through sexual contact but when she got out of control he killed her since she could infect others with the parasites. St. Luc tells Linsky that apparently Annabelle was very sexually active and infected three or four men at Starliner Towers and explains about the few cases of stomach lumps already and mentions that Janine Tudor's husband may have been one of Annabelle's sexual partners. Linsky arranges to meet them later in Tudor's apartment to confirm and warns St. Luc about encountering anyone at the building complex behaving in a strange way. Meanwhile, Betts continues to relax while soaking in her bath, unaware of the parasite forcing its way up through the plughole and heading right for the nearest orifice. Betts screams and struggles as the bathwater turns red and thrashes in agony... At this point, the chaos really begins as it reaches inexorable ascendancy. Nurse Forsythe stabs a sex-crazed man who attacks her in her apartment. St. Luc arrives just as the infected man flees. He takes a sample of the infected man's blood for the lab to examine. At the same time, a parasite attacks an old French-speaking couple in the corridor before being impaled on the end of the old lady's walking frame. Soon, more assault by residents on others become more frequent. The old lady from the laundry room attacks a delivery man who shows up near her door. The infected delivery man then attacks a young woman and her little daughter in an elevator. Then the delivery man and infected woman and girl attack and infect the lobby security guard, and so on... Nick attempts to seduce Janine, but she resists when she feels the lumps moving in his stomach. At the same time, St. Luc finds the old French couple who tell him about their encounter with the parasite. While Nurse Forsythe keeps them company, the doctor the searches the basement dumpster where the old man claims to have threw the dead parasite, but gets ambushed by another infected man. Dr. St. Luc overpowers his assailant and unhesitatingly beats him to death. Afraid over what is happening to Nick, Janine is standing by her man as he sleeps... until a bloody parasite emerges from his mouth onto the pillow beside her. In a state of shock, she runs out of the apartment and into Betts... whom is also infected. Nurse Forsythe then leaves the elderly French couple and decides to try to leave from the building. St. Luc goes to Merrick's office and tells him to call the police. By now a zombie-like mob of people infected by the parasites is roaming all the corridors of Starliner Towers. The mob breaks into the old French couple's apartment and apparently infects them as well. In the basement garage, St. Luc finds Nurse Forsythe about to be raped by the infected security guard, and he shoots the man in the back, killing him with a gun that he takes from the guard. After attempting to escape from the car park, they are rammed by one of the 'crazies'. They try to get out on foot, but find the garage door closed and locked, and several 'crazies' approaching them. They are forced to flee back into the building. St. Luc and the injured Nurse Forsythe hide in the basement, waiting for the police to show up. In the lobby of the building, a young couple complains to Merrick (clearly infected at this point) about the disturbances. He ushers them into his office where the couple are immediately pounced on by a delirious group of orgyists and are infected as well. In Betts apartment, she comforts Janine, stroking her hair and leaning in close. She tells Janine that she always had a crush on her. As the two of them kiss, a parasite exchange takes place and Janine becomes infected. A little later, Linsky arrives at the Starliner Towers and hears distant noises, but nobody is around the lobby or anywhere else. He goes up to the Tudor apartment and finds the door wide open. Tudor is lying on the bed, his stomach seething with parasites. One of them lunges at Linsky who tries tearing them off with pliers. As Dr. Linsky stabbs the parasite with a kitchen knife, he is attacked and beaten to death by Tutor, who tears the parasite off the dead Linsky's face and crams it into his own mouth as an act of ownership. In the basement, Nurse Forsythe relates a dream she had about an old man saying: "he tells me that even old flesh is erotic flesh, that disease is the love of two alien kinds of creatures for each other, that even dying is an act of eroticism". A parasite appears crawling out of her mouth, and St. Luc knows right away that she is infected. He punchers her unconscious. As he carries her along a corridor containing storage lockers for the residents, the wooden wall panels burst apart and a sea of arms break through, reaching at them. St. Luc is forced to leave the infected Forsythe behind and runs to Tudor's apartment. He encounters Tudor in the kitchen kneeling over Linsky's bloody corpse. St. Luc shoots Nick Tudor dead. He then tries to escape from the building, but finds all the exits blocked. He encounters a gay couple trying to get at him, then an old man with a young girl in another apartment. St. Luc makes his way to the indoor swimming pool where he sees the infected Betts and Janine there fooling around. St. Luc finds an open patio door and walks out. Sensing that he is free, he runs away from the pool area and outdoor patio and up a grass river embankment only to be confronted by HUNDREDS of "changed" people slowly and silently advancing towards him. Forced to retreat back into the pool area, he is pushed into the pool where the infected Betts, Janine, and even Nurse Forsythe await. As the mob of 'crazies' jump in and attack him from all directions, St. Luc finally loses his struggle to remain 'human' and allows the mob to consume him. In the final scene, the time is 5:26 a.m. about an hour before dawn as a radio announcement describes a wave of unexplained sexual assaults across Montreal and the surrounding area which may have originated at Starliner Towers and that the authorities as well as the centers for disease control are currently investigating a possible epidemic of some kind. The final shots over the end credits show a long line of cars with infected people leaving Starliner Island and driving across the bridge leading to Montreal and the rest of the outside world....
tt0070698
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Danielle Breton (Margot Kidder) is a model and would-be-actress hired to pretend that she is a blind woman so that an inssurance seller Philip Woode (Lisle Wilson) would have to decide if he is going to look her undressing or not as part of The Peeping Toms, a hidden camera programme. He doesn't look to her at the changing rooms of his gym, so both win a price in the programme. Philip wins a dinner-for-two at the African Room restaurant, and Danielle wins a cutlery set. After the programme, Danielle and Philip seem to hit it on, so Philip invites her to the dinner. At the restaurant, they are interrupted by Danielle's ex-husband Emil Breton (William "Bill" Finlay), but Philip makes him be overthrown from the restaurant. Later, Danielle and Philip go to the former's apartment in Staten Island. The ex-husband follows them, so that Philip has to leave the apartment, make believe that he's leaving for good and then coming back through the back door. When he comes back, Philip opens the door with Danielle's keys, and at the same time he gives the cutlery gift - which Danielle had left in his car - to her. Philip and Danielle make love in the couch of the living room. The next morning Danielle wakes up and he isn't feeling that well. He goes to the medicine box in the bathroom and checks that there are only three red pills left. She takes one immediately and leaves the other two in a corner of the washbasin. However, when Philip also wakes up and dresses himself he throws the other two pills down the sink. Philip overhears Danielle and her sister Dominique fighting and arguing about him. Danielle says she isn't feeling that well, and would please Philip go for more red pills to the chemist's? Philip complies and loses more time because he wants to buy a present for Danielle and her twin sister Dominique, who is supposedly visiting Danielle - although during the game show she said that she was dead. Philip returns to the apartment and unlocks the door with Danielle's key again. She takes the big knife from the cutlery set and offers it to Danielle to cut up the birthday cake. However, she uses the knife to viciously kill him. Philip crawls trying to call her neighbour's attention - her wind is a bit higher but close enough for both tenants to see each other. Philip even tries to write HELP with her own blood in the window. The neighbour is Grace Collier (Jennifer Salt) a journalist who usually writes about the state of things in Staten Island, sometimes to criticize the police officers and their use of violence. So Detective Kelly (Dolph Sweet) is not very kind towards Grace's agitation. Meanwhile, Danielle wakes up confused and dazzled. She has tried to talk to her doctor, who promises to bring her more of the red pills. Emil comes up to the apartment. Danielle opens the door up, still feeling sleepy. When Emil points to the corpse behind, Danielle says that Dominique was there. Emil, who is at the same time Danielle's doctor and the provider of pills, cleans the apartment up while Danielle dresses up.They put the corpse inside the bed-sofa. Emil laves and takes the bloodied knife away. When Detective Kelly and Grace appear, there is not a stain in sight. Danielle is kind, and the only remains of the corpse is a red stain on the back of the fouton where Grace is sitting down. Danielle justifies the double sets of matching clothes due to her job as model, because if one of them gets stained, they would have a completely equal outfit available. Grace finds the cake in the fridge. Also, Danielle had said that she lives on her own, and that's the opportunity for Grace to prove that she is lying. However, Grace falls down and smashes the cake against detective Kelly's leg. Emil appears, saying that they are separating but that they are not still divorced. Detective Kelly tells Grace not to disturb him or Danielle again with that matter. The only clue Grace has got at this moment is that she has read the name of the bakery where Philip bought that cake. She had a date with her mother, annoying Mrs Collier (Mary Davenport), who mentions a new open-door psychiatrict hospital which has been opend in Staten Island. But Grace is not listening to her. When they arrive to the bakery, she jumps to ask the shop assistants (Olympia Dukakis and Justine Johnston), but the only thing that she learns is that there was a black man who had bought that particular cake dedicated to Danielle and Dominique on their birthdays. Grace hires a private detective called Joseph Larch (Charles Durning), who says that the only possibility of hiding a body is within the sofa. Grace tells him that he has found the Blanchion Siamese twins, but the detective says that he didn't see any twins, he has only found a place in which a human body could be hidden without the police finding it. Grace talks to a doctor, Arthur McLennen (Barnard Hughes) who studied the case of the Blanchion Siamese twins, the first set of twins of Canadian origin. Dr Pierre Milius - Emil's younger persona - appears on a news report talking about the delicate psychological mental equilibrium of one of them. As teenagers, Danielle is shy, but Dominique is more talkative and shows off more. McLennen says that, because of the official silence, he had bribed one of the nurses who helped during the surgery, and that nurse told him that there complications had arisen during the process, resulting in Dominique's death. Larch keeps on watching the strange movements in Danielle's apartment. Grace follows Danielle to the hospital sight. There, she overhears a discussion of Emil and Danielle having a row, because she's fed-up of being controlled. She sees how she puts an injection to her, forcibly. Grace tries to use the phone, but one of the interns doesn't let her. Arlene (Cathy Berry), the crazy patient, says that viri and bacteria go through the telephone line, and that she got sick because of answering the phone. A hospital attendant (Burt Richards) asks his boss to see to the problem. Emil tells Jansen, the hospital attendant, that she's the new patient, Margaret, and that she should be put in a room. Grace tries to explain, but it's useless, she's not believed. Emil hypnotises her so that she will believe that everything was a strange dream of hers. Grace appears now on the dreams /reminiscences about Danielle's life while attached to Dominique. Danielle suffered because when she started to be in love with her doctor, she realised that her twin sister will not accept the risk of surgery, and that she will not accept her being in love with somebody else either. Grace wakes up and screams. Danielle also wakes up, dazed. She wants Dominique back, but she is also afraid of her attacking Emil. Emil says that, every time he tried to make love to Danielle, Danielle became Dominique, furious and enraged. Danielle tries to run away from Danielle, He shows her the knife, still bloodstained. Danielle - possibly thinking she's Dominique - picks up a scalpel and cuts Emil's skin. Emil tries to kill Danielle but he bleeds to death instead. All t his happens in the presence of a dizzy Grace who wakes up in time to see Danielle hugging to a dead Emil, still bleeding. Grace screams. Emil is taken away in an ambulance, dead. Danielle denies that she has killed anyone in her life, and she also states that her sister died last Spring. Grace Collier is taken away, dazed and confused. Some time afterwards, Kelly tries to talk to recovering Grace. Danielle has confessed to killing Emil, but he admits that they have problems to detect who the black man could be. However, Grace repeats what Emil has taught her through hypnotism: that she couldn't have possibly seen such a corpse because there was no murder to begin with, and her mother supports him. The shrouded sofa appears in a semi-abandoned semi-dereclict countryside train stating, with a cow chewing peacefully nearby. Detective Kelly watches the sofa, thinking that some day the culprit will arrive to get rid of the sofa and the body for good.
tt0099204
Comedy,Crime
When car salesman Joey O'Brien (Robin Williams) gets the chance to redeem himself from all his past sales pitches, financial misdeals and relentless womanising, he is forced to confront all his demons in one very long afternoon.
tt0075268
Comedy,Drama
Craig Blake (Jeff Bridges) is a young Southern man born of a wealthy family in Birmingham, Alabama, but left lonely and idle after his parents died in a plane crash. He is content to spend his time fishing, hunting and puttering around his large family mansion, inhabited only by himself and an elderly butler named William (Scatman Crothers). Craig's "job" is a sinecure working at a shady investment firm run by a slick con artist named Jabo (Joe Spinell) and he does very little actual work. But since Craig has to have his name "on paper" somehow as an employee, he is asked by Jabo to personally transact the purchasing of a small gym that the real estate firm is buying in order to clear space for an office high-rise. Craig initially approaches the gym, called Olympic Spa, representing himself as a businessman looking to buy it, and acts relatively impersonal with its staff, one of whom includes trainer Franklin (Robert Englund), although he is strangely fascinated with the world he discovers there (reflecting the expansion of physical exercise to the mainstream which occurred in the 1970s). But Craig's primary social life is centered around the upscale country club he attends. Later, the audience is introduced to the ritzy country club crowd, including the WASP-y Lester (Ed Begley, Jr.) and the roguish rake Halsey (John David Carson). Craig Blake spends his time at this club with his friends playing tennis and shooting poker dice, and flirting with the upper-class women of all ages - one of whom asks Craig to find an "authentic" musical guest for an upcoming party at the club. As Craig moves forward with his business deal, he falls in love with the gym after visiting it several times - he is immediately taken by the pretty receptionist Mary Tate Farnsworth (Sally Field) and the free-spirited, friendly Austrian bodybuilder Joe Santo (Arnold Schwarzenegger), who aspires to win the Mr. Universe title. He cannot bring himself to sell out his newfound friends at the gym for the sake of his job, and so he evades the inquiries of his friend and co-worker Hal Foss as to his progress in the purchasing deal. All the while, he grows closer to Mary Tate and Joe Santo - who initially appear to be a couple. However, Mary Tate latches onto Craig romantically - and Santo gives Craig his blessing for this unorthodox relationship, claiming that he needs to keep himself challenged both in the gym and in his romantic life in order to succeed. Mary Tate and Craig begin a passionate and exciting relationship. But trouble erupts when he tries to integrate Mary Tate into his country-club scene. This tension comes to a head at a party at the country club, which features Joe Santo as a musical guest, performing bluegrass songs on the violin with a small country group. Craig, with Mary Tate as his guest (dressed inappropriately in a garish and revealing pink dress), is enthusiastic about Joe Santo's upcoming musical performance for the night. But Craig's friends, particularly Halsey, mock Santo as a "freak" and an outcast. When Halsey suggest that Santo disrobe and show the crowd his "tits," Craig throws a glass of Scotch in his face and tells Halsey that Santo could "crush him like an eggshell." A fight nearly breaks out between the two, but is broken up. Meanwhile a bitter Halsey and his friend Packman formulate a plan to embarrass Santo. When Santo's musical act is finally put on stage, the crowd seems enthusiastic about the music, though the hostess of the party dismisses it as a "racket." However, Halsey and Packman drunkenly bellow at Santo and heckle the band. Santo notices it, but stoically continues playing. However, when Halsey screams "let's hear it for Muscle Beach symphony orchestra!" Santo is unable to continue playing, puts down his violin and leaves the party. Meanwhile a frustrated Craig tries to convince Mary Tate to see him for who he really is, and not for his snobbish friends and ritzy surroundings. The Mr. Universe contest is approaching fast and Santo is training hard. But Jabo attempts to bribe the owner of the gym, Thor Eriksen (R.G. Armstrong), when he realizes that Craig will not purchase the building as he was supposed to. He plies Eriksen and his assistant Newton with drugs, booze and hookers, and on the day of the contest, they are busy with acts of debauchery as Santo is readying to take the stage - hoping to beat his rival Dougie Stewart (played by fellow bodybuilder Ken Waller in a memorable cameo). While Thor is drunk and distracted with the prostitutes, Newton secretly stashes the prize money inside his handbag, and then leaves the gym with the prostitutes when they are finished - stealing the money and fleeing. Meanwhile, Joe Santo and Dougie Stewart pose together on stage, to the theme song from the film 'Exodus' and the enthusiastic applause of the crowd. Meanwhile, Craig visits at the gym and engages in an intense physical fight, dodging weights and gym equipment thrown by the drunken and drug-crazed Eriksen. He finds Mary Tate at the gym, who had just moments earlier been assaulted by Eriksen in an amyl nitrite fueled rage. When the contestants at the Mr. Universe show discover that the prize money has been stolen, they run after Joe Santo, who himself is actually running to try to meet Mary Tate. The chase results in the wave of bodybuilders pouring out into the streets of Birmingham, to the amazed crowd of onlookers which sees them. The bodybuilders take advantage of this unexpected attention to put on an impromptu posing routine for the crowd, and the members of the crowd join in, imitating the athletes' poses and enjoying themselves - an embracing of the bodybuilding lifestyle by 'normal' people which arguably represents the real-life 1970s boom of personal fitness. The film ends with Craig sarcastically deriding Jabo and his former bosses at the real-estate firm, and deciding to go into the gym business with Joe Santo. A voice-over by his uncle Albert says, "you may not have been the Blake that we anticipated, but you are definitely Craig Blake - an identity that no one will dare challenge." Craig has finally "found himself" and discovered a true place in the sun, and true friendships, and he mocks his former boss Jabo with an exaggerated bodybuilding pose - acting as a final burning of the bridge between his old life and his new one. The final shot of the film shows Craig moving out of his family's mansion, passing on all of his old family memorabilia to his loyal butler William, and leaving behind his old self once and for all... on the way to a new and exciting future.
tt0099654
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Elliot Hopper (Bill Cosby) is a recently widowed father of three who has nearly bankrupted the family in attempts to save his lingering wife. Elliot is working on a business deal to get the family out of debt when he climbs into the taxicab of a maniacal Satanist. In an attempt to end the ensuing mania, Elliot proclaims that he is in fact Satan and orders the driver to stop the cab immediately. Overwrought with the confrontation, the driver releases the steering wheel. The taxi slams into the barrier of a bridge and teeters over a river. As Elliot frantically tries to exit, the vehicle topples into the river, an incident which appears to kill both occupants. Rather than awakening to a day of reckoning, Elliot finds himself floating around the lab of a scientist studying the paranormal who agrees to "send [him] back". Elliot, who had neglected to get life insurance before his accident, fears that his children will grow up impoverished without him. As a floating spirit that can only be seen in darkened rooms, Elliot returns to his house and concocts a scheme to somehow finish his business deal and be approved for health coverage before his body is discovered and news of his death is made public. His children are in on the plan and try their best to keep their father's secret.
tt0084814
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
In the opening scene, (a deleted scene from 'The Pink Panther Strikes Again') French Sûreté Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau (Peter Sellers) enters a wig and makeup shop, where he is fitted for a prosthetic nose, wig, and false teeth by owner Professor Auguste Balls (Harvey Korman). Meanwhile, a television news anchor reports on the third theft of the Pink Panther, the world's largest cut diamond owned by the Middle Eastern nation of Lugash. Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) meets with Commissioner Lasorde (Marne Maitland), who informs the detective that the Lugashian President Haleesh personally requested that Clouseau investigate the case. While smoking his pipe in his office, Clouseau sets his newspaper on fire and destroys the room struggling to extinguish the flames. Dreyfus attends a therapy session with a psychiatrist to discuss his renewed obsessive desire to kill Clouseau and end their long-standing rivalry. That night, Clouseau's pursuer watches his apartment building as the bumbling inspector spills his groceries across the lobby floor. At the police station, Dreyfus' assistant, Sergeant Francois Duval, informs his superior that Clouseau intends to travel to London, England, in search of Sir Charles Litton, also known as the "Phantom," whom he once suspected of a previous Pink Panther theft. Although Clouseau seems unaware that Litton has moved to the South of France, the two officers decide not to inform him. On his way to the airport, Clouseau detonates his car engine while attempting to fix the dashboard cigarette lighter. Wrapped under bandages and a splinted leg, he notifies London's New Scotland Yard that he will be arriving in England in "disguise," and boards the airplane. While airborne, Clouseau struggles to use the lavatory and becomes trapped in an inverted position for much of the flight. Once the plane lands, Scotland Yard detectives Alec Drummond and Hugh McLaren struggle to identify Clouseau, but recognize the inspector when he tumbles down the jet way stairs. Meanwhile, Dreyfus dreams of living a life without Clouseau and swimming in a pool full of gelatin. Awakened by a telephone call from Drummond, he learns about a possible Libyan assassination attempt on Clouseau's life, which the target has refused to take seriously, and Drummond urges him to send Clouseau back to Paris. While attempting to answer a telephone call in his hotel room, Clouseau is repeatedly knocked out the window by the bustling charwoman, and pulls the telephone wire out of the walls. Finally, Clouseau receives instructions from Dreyfus to go to Lugash, despite Drummond's warning. Meanwhile, Lugashian Colonel Bufoni informs President Haleesh that various insurance companies have already paid the government $12 million for the Pink Panther's theft, and resolves to protect the president's reputation by stopping Clouseau's arrival. During another therapy session, Dreyfus learns that Clouseau's airplane has gone missing over the ocean. Later, while being interviewed by investigative television reporter Marie Jouvet (Joanna Lumley), he struggles to mask his scathing dislike of Clouseau and glee over his presumed death. Marie also interviews Clouseau's Chinese housekeeper, Cato (Burt Kwouk), who helped train the detective for unexpected criminal attacks (in flashbacks to 'Return of the Pink Panther', The Pink Panther Strikes Again' and 'Revenge of the Pink Panther). She then finds Clouseau's former assistant, Hercule Lajoy (Graham Stark), aboard a river barge, and learns about the inspector's unorthodox crime-solving methods (in more flashbacks to the film 'A Shot in the Dark'). Lajoy encourages her to interview the criminals that Clouseau pursued and incarcerated. After watching Marie's first television report about Clouseau's disappearance, a Mafia boss named Bruno Langois (Robert Loggia) meets with other organized crime leaders and decides to track Marie's whereabouts to ensure that Clouseau is never found. Sir Charles Litton (David Niven), and his wife, Lady Litton (Capucine), the previous owner of the Pink Panther, tell Marie about meeting Clouseau 20 years earlier while skiing in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy (in a long flashback from the first 'Pink Panther' film); Clouseau and Lady Litton were married and later divorced before she remarried Charles and the inspector falsely accused him of stealing the jewel. Describing how the Pink Panther was actually taken by a man in a gorilla suit at a costume party, they reveal that Clouseau himself was mistaken for the criminal and subsequently arrested. Despite the detective's mysterious disappearance, the Littons insist that he is still alive. After the meeting, Marie's taxi driver (William Hootkins) is threatened into driving her to a secluded villa to meet Bruno, where she refuses the Mafia leader's request to stop her investigations. Later, Dreyfus declines Marie's demands to incriminate Bruno for her kidnapping, prompting her to accuse the police of sustaining corrupt ties to the Mafia. As a result, she begins developing a television expose on the subject and breaks into Clouseau's apartment while she believes Cato to be away on vacation. Cato springs from a secret hiding place to attack, but realizes who she is and tells her about Clouseau's upbringing on a French vineyard. Marie then speaks with Clouseau's ill and forgetful father (Richard Mulligan), who now lives with his son's former nurse and her energetic dog. Clouseau Senior recalls how his son became a policeman: After the love of his life married another man, Clouseau botched his own suicide and later joined the army in World War II, where his incompetence caused him to fumble the assassination of various important German officials. In Marie's final report on the subject, she refuses to believe that Clouseau has died and suggests that he has gone into hiding. While swooping over a rocky beach somewhere in Europe, a seagull deposits droppings on the inspector's familiar trench coat as he curses, "swine seagull!"
tt0075222
Comedy
The film is set in Hollywood, in present day Los Angeles and is a silent film. Mel Funn (Mel Brooks), a great film director, is now recovering from a drinking problem and down on his luck. He sets out to Big Picture Studios to pitch a new script to the Chief, aided by his ever-present sidekicks Dom Bell (Dom DeLuise) and Marty Eggs (Marty Feldman). His big idea: the first silent motion picture in forty years. At first the Chief (Sid Caesar), who is in danger of losing the studio to the (literally) rabid and greedy New York conglomerate Engulf & Devour (Harold Gould and Ron Carey), rejects the idea, but Funn convinces him that if he can get Hollywood's biggest stars to be in the film, he could save the studio. Funn, Eggs, and Bell proceed to recruit various people for the film. Their first target is Burt Reynolds, whom they first surprise in his shower. This does not go well, but they are able to sign him on by appearing at his house in disguise (and almost getting him killed by a steamroller). They recruit James Caan despite a disastrous lunch in his broken trailer, and then torture Liza Minnelli at the studio commissary (fortunately, she already badly wanted to be in the movie). They then disguise themselves as Flamenco dancers to get close to Anne Bancroft at a nightclub, and sign her on as well after a comical dance sequence. News breaks out that the Chief has taken ill and is in the hospital. While there, Mel phones Marcel Marceau in Paris who apparently declines the offer, delivering the only line of dialogue in the film, in French: "Non!" When asked by the others what Marceau said, Funn explains he doesn't understand French. Paul Newman is seen on the hospital grounds. After leading them on a wild Hollywood-style chase in electric wheelchairs, he asks to be in the film. Funn and company reply with the typical Hollywood-esque "We'll get back to you." In the next shot, a newspaper ad indicates that they "ink" Newman to do the movie. In the process of their search for stars, the trio have a number of brief but funny misadventures, including a mixup between two German Shepherds (one trained as a seeing-eye dog, the other most assuredly not), a flying blueberry pie, and several (mostly unsuccessful) efforts by Marty Eggs to seduce various women. Their most notable encounter involves a Coca-Cola machine that dispenses cans by launching them like grenades. Engulf and Devour, meanwhile, worry that Funn will save Big Picture Studios and they will be unable to buy it. They attempt to "stop Funn with sex" by sending voluptuous nightclub sensation Vilma Kaplan (Bernadette Peters) to seduce Funn and pretend to be in love with him. Funn falls head over heels, but when Eggs and Bell reveal the truth to him on the day before filming begins, the director returns to drinking. Ironically, moments after this turn of events, Vilma is seen calling Mr. Engulf with the news that she is quitting: she has fallen for Funn for real. We see Mel stopping by a liquor store and buying what first appears to be an advertising prop in the store's window, but is actually a genuine giant bottle of liquor. After a misadventure involving a Skid Row hotel room and a murphy bed, Funn ends up in an alley where he dispenses booze from his giant bottle and is proclaimed "King of the Winos". After a few hours of hitting the local gin mills, Vilma and Funn's associates find the would-be "King" passed out in a pile of his "subjects", but several hundred cups of coffee sober him up. Funn's silent movie is completed in record time. Unfortunately, the only copy of it is stolen from the theater by Engulf & Devour just before its big premiere. Vilma volunteers to stall the movie theater's audience with her nightclub act while Funn and his associates go out to steal back their film. They succeed, but are chased by Engulf and Devour's thuggish executives. They are eventually cornered, but fortunately they are near the violent Coke machine, which they use against their foes. Most of the executives, including Mr. Devour, are disabled by the exploding cans of Coke, allowing Funn, Eggs, and Bell to escape. They hurry the film to the theater, where it is shown for the first time. In the meantime, Eggs has gotten himself tangled up in the film and he is immediately rushed up to the projection booth with the film wrapped around him. After the movie is over, the audience applauds wildly and leaps to its feet while balloons and streamers fill the air. "They seem to like it," Funn says. The film ends with the jubilant audience filing out of the theater past Funn, Eggs, Bell, Vilma, and the recovered studio chief. At the end, a title card is shown: "This was a true story."
tt0097366
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
The story opens with investigative reporter, Irwin M. Fletcher (Chevy Chase) dressed in drag as a waitress at a Greek restaurant. He is there getting a story about a gambling ring that is run out of the restaurant and barely makes it out unharmed when his cover is blown. When he gets back to the office with the story, his boss is happy with it, but denies Fletch a vacation he promised him, saying he needs to finish another story first. Angry, Fletch takes a phone call; it's an attorney from Louisiana calling to tell Fletch that his great aunt has died and left him her plantation- "Belle Isle". Fletch immediately quits his job and tells his boss to send his stuff to "his mansion in Louisiana." He flies down, and the attorney, the attractive Amanda Ross (Patricia Kalember) takes him to see the plantation, which is dilapidated, having been plainly neglected for years. Fletch wisecracks that with a little spackling and napalm it would make a nice mausoleum. They go in the house and Fletch meets the caretaker, "Calculus Entropy" (Cleavon Little). He worked for Fletch's aunt and wants to continue on with Fletch. The caretaker doesn't seem quite the simpleton that he makes out though. Fletch's attorney takes him back to town to sign papers and make him dinner. She informs him that someone wants to buy his property for $225,000.00. Fletch is immediately suspicious and tells her "no sale." They hit it off and end up spending the night together. While they are both sleeping, someone comes into the house and kills the attorney. Fletch wakes up in the morning to find her dead. The police come and they question Fletch about the death. The chief of police decides to arrest Fletch, not for murder, but for "Pissing him off." Fletch is taken to the jail and put in a cell with a transvestite necrophiliac named Ben Dover (Randall 'Tex' Cobb), who threatens to molest him. Fletch is saved by another attorney - Hamilton "Ham" Johnson (Hal Holbrook), who gets Ben out of jail. Fletch asks the new attorney to take his case, and he does. He gets Fletch released and they leave. Fletch goes back to his house and talks to Calculus. They sit on the porch to relax, but the KKK shows up chanting over a bullhorn but only giving a half-hearted demonstration. Fletch puts on a couple of white sheets and joins them - telling them his name is "Henry Himmler." He finds out that they are not there on their own, but are on a "contract job" - someone hired them to get rid of some "undesirable carpetbagger" - presumably Fletch. Calculus runs them off with a shotgun while Fletch screams at them in Zulu gibberish. The next morning, a real estate agent - Becky Ann Culpepper (Julianne Phillips) comes to put another offer on Fletch's property. This time it's up to $250,000.00. Fletch asks her who is offering the money and she tells him that it's confidential buyer. Fletch decides to do some snooping, so he goes back to Amanda Ross's house, disguising himself as an exterminator. He finds out that there are others involved in the mystery of his aunt's estate - the Rev. Jamie Lee Farnsworth (R. Lee Ermey) and a mysterious corporation by the name of "Bluebird." The police catch him there, but he talks his way out of it by telling them he's searching for microscopic termites with a voracious appetite for human flesh. He leaves and goes back to the plantation and talks to Calculus about the Reverend and finds out that he is a local icon with his television show and "Bibleland" amusement park. Fletch decides to check his business dealings as a lead. He goes to a live taping of the television show the next day and is called up front by the Reverend to "confess his sins" and "be saved." Fletch makes friends with the Reverend and learns that he wants Fletch's property to expand Bibleland. The next day, Fletch goes to talk to Ham and finds out that he has been cleared of the murder charges and that Amanda's death has been ruled "natural causes." The attorney confesses that the reason Fletch has been cleared is because of his "religious conversion" on the Reverend's show. Ham also tells Fletch that the good reverend is a scam artist who tricked his own mother out of her land and plantation. Fletch goes fishing that afternoon with Calculus and they discuss the possibility that Amanda's death was natural. The both agree that it's very improbable, and Fletch decides that he needs to get a look at Amanda's body to know for sure. He asks Calculus to help him get into the morgue. They put Fletch on a gurney under a sheet and take him in. The morgue operator is Ben Dover. He takes Fletch's prize Laker watch. Calculus tells him that Fletch's name is "Eldridge Cleaver" (the great civil rights leader) so we know that Calculus isn't as ignorant as he lets on. Once they get back into the morgue, Fletch checks for Amanda's body, but it has already been cremated. Fletch is convinced that she was murdered and cremated quickly to cover it up. Fletch goes on the hunt for her murderer. After the morgue, Calculus and he go back to Belle Isle and there's a fire and the mansion burns down. Fletch has to move in with Calculus. Later they go out to eat so they can talk. While at the restaurant they run into some friends. They offer to take Fletch "Coon Hunting" and he goes. While running around the Louisiana marsh at night, they go across several properties that were recently sold to the mysterious "Bluebird" corporation. The properties are barren and have puddles of sludge around. Fletch steps in one. As he is checking this out, someone shoots at him. He ducks and runs toward the shooter and gets in a struggle with him. Another gunshot scares off the first shooter, and Fletch finds himself alone...but, on the ground he finds his Laker watch. He goes back to Calculus' house and tells him he was shot at and he goes to check out Calculus' shotgun to see if it's been used recently, but Calculus grabs the gun off the wall before Fletch can touch it and goes outside. We hear a shot and Calculus tells Fletch that he thought he saw something and shot in the air to scare it away. In the morning, Fletch starts to put on his sneakers and finds that the soles have been eaten away by the sludge he stepped in during the hunt. Fletch decides it's time for some outside help. He calls his boss back in California. He finds out that Becky Culpepper - the real estate agent is the Reverend Farnsworth's daughter, and he sends his sneakers to his boss to have them analyzed. The next morning he goes to see Becky and asks if the $250,000 offer is still good. It isn't. He confronts her with the information he received about her paternity and she admits that the Reverend is her father, but that she doesn't believe he's a murderer. Fletch decides it's time to go back to Bibleland and check out the Rev. Farnsworth some more. He dresses up and goes onto the show disguised as a "faith-healer." He sneaks backstage and checks out the computers. He finds out how the Reverend knows how to call specific people out of the audience - he has a computerized system and someone who tells him names and specifics in an earpiece during the show. He also finds out that the Rev. Farnsworth has plans that would expand Bibleland to all of the neighboring plantations, not just his. Fletch gets rid of the computer operator and checks the files. He sees that the Reverend wasn't trying to buy the properties, but another mysterious corporation named "Everest Development" was. Still in disguise, Fletch is called onto the show and makes a dramatic showing of his ability to heal a member of the audience. Knowing he needs more information, Fletch decides to start with Ben Dover since he was the one that was shooting at him. He follows Ben from the morgue to a biker bar. Fletch dresses up as "Ed Harley", goes into the bar and claims to be the owner of Harley Davidson Motorcycles, suddenly becoming a hero among the bikers. Ben doesn't recognize him, and offers to let him go on a ride with his gang. Fletch does - with Becky on the back of his motorcycle. During the ride, Fletch's fake mustache comes off and Ben recognizes him. They give chase, but Becky and he get away. They go back to her house to clean up. While there, Fletch calls his boss in California and finds out that the sludge that ate his sneakers is produced in only one place by a corporation named Bluebird. There is only one location near Louisiana, in Mississippi. Fletch goes to check it out. In Mississippi, Fletch poses as the bellicose CEO of Everest Development and talks to the Bluebird factory foreman (Phil Hartman). He finds out that Belle Isle is scheduled to receive a large shipment of the toxic waste in a few weeks. He also finds out from the paperwork there who the "owner" of Everest is. Fletch goes back to Louisiana and crashes a party thrown by Hamilton Johnson. He tells him that he wants to talk to him privately. When they get upstairs, Fletch tells him that he knows that he is the one who tried to buy his land, killed Amanda, framed him, and has planned a shipment of toxic waste for Belle Isle. Ham then admits to everything - saying he hates Jimmy Lee Farnsworth for what he did to Ham's beloved "mamma." He says he wanted to turn everything around Bibleland into a toxic waste dump to ruin the reverend. Ham pulls a gun and tells Fletch that he's going to kill him. Fletch tells Ham that he left all of the incriminating evidence with Becky and if he doesn't let Fletch go, she'll send it to the FBI. Ham tells Fletch that he's bluffing - and out walks Ben, who has kidnapped Becky. Ham has ordered both of them to be murdered. Fletch is stuck...until he gets an idea. He picks up a picture of Ham's mom and begins insulting her, infuriating Ham. Fletch grabs the urn with Ham's mother's ashes and begins playing with them. He tosses them across the room at Ham, prompting Ben and Ham to fall trying to catch the urn, allowing Fletch and Becky to escape. They run to Bibleland and into a live taping of the Reverend's show, leaving Ben trapped in the Tunnel of Love ride. Ham comes in with his gun and tries to shoot Fletch, but the Reverend gets in between them and tells Ham he'll have to shoot him first. Just then, shots ring out and Ham goes down...the FBI is there and have killed Ham...the FBI agent in charge is Calculus...whose real name is Agent Goldstein. Goldstein has been leading an investigation of the ministry for months. They all go outside and talk about things a bit...Fletch tells Calculus that he knew he wasn't a backwoods simpleton all along. The Reverend says he's going to rerun the show with the shooting incident every day for Sweeps month. Fletch kisses Becky and mentions the possibility of her coming back to California with him. When Fletch gets back to California and his job at the newspaper, there's a big party for him, celebrating his story about Bluebird and the toxic waste dumping. His boss has given him a raise and a corner office. Fletch also receives an insurance check for $100,000 for the fire and the toxic waste dumping at Belle Isle. Just then, Fletch's ex-wife's attorney shows up and says that Fletch's ex-wife wants the property in Louisiana as part of the alimony. He tells Fletch if he'll sign over the property, that they'll leave him alone for the rest of his life. Fletch gladly does...pretending it's killing him to do it...and never telling the attorney that they plantation is now a burned-down toxic waste dump with a burned-down home. Fletch smiles widely at the audience.
tt0102395
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
A thousand years ago or so in the not-so-impressive fictitious kingdom of Hauptmann-Koenig, the dashing Prince William fell in love with a lovely peasant girl, Jessie (Kristy Swanson). However, his royal mother was less than thrilled with their romance and plotted with her court magician to destroy it. Together, they deceived William into giving Jessie a cursed necklace. The necklace transforms Jessie into a wooden statue for a thousand years or until her true love from another land could remove it; whatever came first. Nearly a thousand years later, Jessie has become a cultural icon known as the Enchanted Peasant Girl in Hauptmann-Koenig (now a village in Germany). In a vain attempt to boost tourism in their country; the royal family has sent their mannequin of the Enchanted Peasant Girl to the United States to tour at the Prince & Company department store in Philadelphia's Center City. Secretly, Count Gunther Spretzle (Terry Kiser), the present-day descendant of the court magician is plotting to take the medieval girl once the thousand year curse is over and she becomes alive as his bride; along with the royal jewels being loaned to Prince & Company to fund his retirement to Bermuda. As a public relations move, the flamboyant and newly promoted Hollywood Montrose (Meshach Taylor) is assigned the task of conducting an artistic presentation celebrating Hauptmann-Koenig. Prince & Company's fussbudget manager, Mr. James (Stuart Pankin) has assigned a new intern, Jason Williamson (William Ragsdale) to help as Hollywood's assistant. A hopeless romantic, Jason falls head over heels with a promotional picture of the beautiful mannequin. Shortly afterwards, he and Hollywood learn that the delivery truck with the artifacts shipped from Hauptmann-Koenig has been in an accident. Driving out of the scene, Jason sees a female figure falling into the Schuylkill River from the truck and impulsively jumps in to save her only to belatedly discover that it was merely the mannequin. Taking the Enchanted Peasant Girl back to Prince & Company, Jason tries to clean it up and by chance removes the necklace which breaks the spell and restores Jessie back to life. Jessie immediately fixates on Jason who is the reincarnation of Prince William and they began a whirlwind overnight romance on the streets of the city. Unfortunately, the next morning, Jessie redons the necklace which transforms her back into a mannequin leaving Jason heartbroken and unaware of how she returned to life, much less how to bring her back. Unsure of what to do, Jason takes the mannequin Jessie back to Prince & Company where Count Spretzle arrives to take charge of security. Hollywood sends off Jason to do some errands and admiring Jessie's necklace, takes it off and tries it on himself which turns him into a mannequin. Restored back to life, the confused Jessie tours the department store in an attempt to find Jason. Meanwhile, Count Spretzle's three inept henchmen have come to guard the girl and find only the statue of Hollywood with the necklace and removes it to reprimand him. However, Hollywood remains too bewildered and confused afterwards by his transformation to understand what just happened. The trio belatedly realize that the mannequin is missing and rush out to find her. The three henchmen stumble across the alive Jessie who recognizes then and runs away to their stunned amazement. Meanwhile, Jason finds the still confused Hollywood who he proceeds to confess about Jessie coming to life and his and Jessie's date last night. Much to Jason's surprise, Hollywood believes him having experienced this before and they immediately find her. Spretzle is dismayed when his henchmen inform him that the girl is not only alive but someone has removed the necklace. Spotting Jason, he recognizes him as a reborn Prince William and attempts to have his nemesis eliminated. Pursued by the three henchmen, Jessie is forced to escape and takes refuge at Jason's home where unfortunately Spretzle has tracked her down and forces the necklace back on her, turning her back into a mannequin. Afterwards, Spretzle accuses Jason of trying to steal his country's property and when Jason tries to defend himself, his claims of Jessie coming to life is immediately dismissed by the police who arrest him. However, he sees the necklace back on Jessie and realizes that this is the source of the curse but is unable to convince anyone to remove it. After spending the night in lockup, Hollywood masquerades himself as a Marine Staff Sergeant and manages to bluff the policemen into releasing Jason into his custody so that he can be court martialed. Sneaking back into Prince & Company, in the middle of the presentation, Jason openly removes the cursed necklace, restoring Jessie to life in front of hundreds of spectators. Enraged, Spretzle kidnaps Jessie and escapes in a hot air balloon. Jason manages to grab onto a rope attached to the basket and they struggle when Jessie picks up the necklace and inspired, puts it on Spretzle turning him into a mannequin. Both Jason and Jessie tearfully embrace and by chance knock over the statue of Spretzle out of the basket where it falls into the pavement, smashing it into pieces. Even as the newly married couple of Jason and Jessie depart on their honeymoon; back in Hauptmann-Koenig, the badly glued together mannequin of Count Spretzle is now the centerpiece and the new cultural icon of the country.
tt0100740
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
The story presents three vignettes that are all tied together with a "wrap-around" story concerning a witch, Betty, who has kidnapped a young boy, Timmy, and holds him prisoner. Betty plans to roast him in her oven and serve him at a dinner party for more of her witch friends. To pass the time in his cell, Betty had given Timmy an old, thick book called "Tales From the Darkside". When she reveals her plans for him, Timmy begins to stall her by reading her some of the stories. The first story is called "Lot 249". At a prestigious university, a nerdy student, Bellingham, is bullied by two rich students, Susan and Lee, who are quite contemptuous of him because he's a work-study student. Susan's brother, Andy, helps Bellingham one night with a new specimen that has arrived in the archeology department: an ancient mummy. Speaking about how the ancient Egyptians would draw the corpse's brains out through it's nose with a hook and stuff vegetables into it's abdomen, Bellingham finds the incision in the mummy's abdomen where his preparers had stuffed him with herbs and onions. Bellingham also finds an ancient scroll and remarks that it's fairly worthless. Andy leaves and Bellingham reads the scroll, finding a spell that will bring the mummy to life to be his servant. Bellingham been cheated out of a teaching assistant's position in his department, an incident that somehow involved both Susan and Lee. Bellingham brings the mummy to life and sends it after Lee. It stalks Lee through his apartment, finally cornering him and forcing a hooked wire hanger up his nose, killing him. Susan returns home to find Lee's brain on a table in the front hall and Lee himself partially wrapped in cloth bandages. The mummy attacks her, chasing her through the house, where she becomes lodged in the broken window of the front door. The mummy uses a large pair of scissors and slashes her back open, stuffing the wound with flowers from a vase. Andy goes to Lee and Susan's place and finds them both dead. Suspicious of Bellingham, he goes to Bellingham's apartment and find him there with the mummy. He knocks Bellingham unconscious and ties him up. When Bellingham comes to, Andy demands that he turn over the scroll. Bellingham refuses at first and then begins to recite the incantation to bring the mummy to life and attack Andy. Andy is able to defend himself quite easily with an electric carving knife, dismembering the mummy. Bellingham finally directs Andy to a scroll, which he burns in the fireplace, along with the mummy's limbs. Bellingham ultimately leaves the university. While he rides away in a cab, he chuckles to himself. The driver asks him what he's laughing about & Bellingham tells him that a person like Andy would never know the difference between one ancient scroll and another - the scroll he reads is the actual one from the mummy. He recites from it and rides off. Later, Andy answers his door and finds Susan and Lee standing there, re-animated as mummies, ready to kill him. Back in Betty's kitchen, she tells Timmy that she knows he's trying to stall his death. Timmy convinces her to let him tell another story and she listens to him read "Cat From Hell." Halston, a high-priced assassin, arrives at an old mansion, having been summoned there by an old man in a wheelchair, Drogan. Drogan tells Halston that he has an unusual mark for him to dispatch: a black cat. The cat has supposedly killed Halston's sisters, Carolyn and Amanda. Both sisters had befriended the cat, feeding it and showing it affection over Drogan's objections that it was evil. Carolyn was killed when the cat, sitting on a staircase riser, tripped over it and fell to her death. Amanda had been killed when the cat laid on her face while she was asleep. Halston is skeptical. Drogan introduces him to the cat, which sits quietly in Halston's lap for a few minutes. When Halston smirks at the ease of such a lucrative job, he tries to strangle the cat. The cat slashes him with it's claws and escapes. Drogan tells Halston that his pharmaceutical company had tested a new medication on thousands of subjects, all of them cats. He now believes the cat has been sent to take revenge on him and his family. Drogan leaves the house, bidding Halston to kill the cat by the time he comes home and also suggesting he not get angry, which will cloud his ability to kill it. Drogan checks over his weapons and tries several methods of killing the cat, all of which fail. When the cat leaps at him and scratches his neck, Halston becomes furious. At one point he tricks the cat into approaching and eating from a dish of food - he uses a laser sighting scope to target the cat, fires his pistol and misses. Fully enraged, Halston chases the cat through the house. The cat, suddenly leaping on to and knocking Halston down, then forces itself into his mouth, crawls down his esophagus and roosts in his stomach. Just before the stroke of midnight, Drogan returns and finds Halston dead on the floor. The cat crawls out of Halston's body and leaps onto Drogan's lap. Drogan has a heart attack and dies. In Betty's kitchen, Betty herself is impatient with Timmy, who persuades her to listen to one final story from the book, "Lover's Vow". An out-of-work artist, Preston, is being told by his agent that he can't help him if he can't overcome his creator's block. The two leave the bar they'd met at; in the alley outside, Preston's friend is attacked by a monstrous gargoyle, who decapitates the man with one slash of it's claws. Preston shrinks in terror, begging for his life. The gargoyle makes him promise that he'll never speak of what he saw or the creature that committed the murder. The gargoyle also slashes Preston's body as a reminder. Preston promises to keep his vow and the beast flies off. On his way home Preston meets a beautiful woman, Carola. Telling her that the neighborhood is dangerous, he takes her home with him. The two have sex together and fall in love, eventually marrying and having a boy and a girl. Preston also finds that his creativity has returned and he enjoys a successful period of production. However, he is still torn with guilt over the murder of his friend and occasionally draws pictures of the beast, which he is careful to keep from Carola and his children. By the time 10 years have passed since Preston witnessed the murder, he decides to tell Carola about the night he met her. He shows her a small sculpture of the gargoyle he'd kept hidden. When Carola sees it, she lets out a mournful scream and begins to transform, saying that Preston had broken his promise - she, herself, is the gargoyle. Preston is shocked and horrified, even more so when their children begin to transform into gargoyles themselves. Carola tells him she's sorry and kills him. She gathers her children together and flies off, breaking through their skylight and settling on a high ledge of a nearby building. They turn to stone, staring mournfully down at Preston's body. Back in the witch's kitchen, Betty tells Timmy his time's up. She approaches him with a butcher knife and the keys to his cell and shackles. Timmy frantically tells her he has one more story to tell, one not from the book. Timmy throws some marbles in Betty's path and she slips on them, falling backwards on to the skewers she'd set out. Timmy manages to reach the keys while Betty struggles in pain and he frees himself. He gives her a hard shove, sending her into her own oven, which he slams shut, roasting her alive. Timmy seizes the package of cookies Betty had been feeding him and breaks the "fourth wall" by asking the audience, "Don't you just love happy endings?"
tt0111001
Comedy,Drama
Matthew Brodericks uptight Edwardian newlywed visits a new age health farm run by crackpot doc Anthony Hopkins. Scatologically-obsessed satire from director Alan Parker.
tt0112368
Comedy,Drama
Angus Bethune is a 14-year-old boy living in Minnesota, who, despite his talents as a football player and in science class, holds deep insecurities about himself. His high school peers, led by the handsome Rick Sanford and his complacent cohorts(mainly jocks on the football team), regularly harass him for not being "normal," since he is pathetically overweight and is, in their view, "named after a cow." Because of this, Angus applies for Jefferson High School, a magnet school where he hopes to be free of the constant humiliation. Such infamy has shied his away from revealing his feelings to his secret crush, the blond cheerleader Melissa Lefevre, for fear that she will reject him, and because she is currently dating Rick. Rick, however, is not lost on his wish: As the ultimate prank, he rigs an election so that Angus and Melissa will dance together in the upcoming Winter Ball as King and Queen, respectively. Frightened upon learning this, Angus gets help from his best (and only) friend Troy Wedberg, his mother, Meg, and his narcoleptic grandfather, Ivan, who can be awaken by using his record player. His grandfather tells him about a dance move called the Irish Swoon that he claims is a guaranteed lady pleaser, but his fears that his largeness makes him an inept dancer and would embarrass both him and Melissa. To fix this, Ivan takes him to Madame Rulenska, where despite his best efforts he comes out worse than before (and injuring the hapless Madame in the process). One day after football practice, Angus opens his locker and sees that his favourite pair of boxers are missing. He and Troy learn later with their own eyes that their fellow quarterback Rick hoisted his boxers up the flagpole for the school to see, which then fly squarely onto passerby Melissa's face. Angus storms home in anger as the kids laugh at him, but Rick and company quickly kidnap Troy, asking him for anything that would embarrass him at the Winter Ball. In the trash cans, Rick asks for his help in embarrassing Angus at the dance. Troy refuses their request and tries to escape, only to break his arm as he trips to the floor while he gives the nerd an ultimatum. Meanwhile, Angus helps his grandfather prepare for his marriage to the young thirty-something named April. As much as he hates to admit it, he's actually happy for him. As he waits with Ivan in his room on the day of the wedding and confides with him his love for Melissa, he tries to wake him, but he quickly discovers that he is dead. Distraught, Angus opts to stay home for a few days time in which, for fear that Rick will hurt him even more. At the school bleachers, an unwilling Troy procures a videotape to him and his cronies. A bandaged, Troy confronts him about it in the park where Ivan and his friend were playing chess weeks earlier. Angus finally snaps and tells him that he did want to go to the Winter Ball with Melissa, but because his grandfather died, he resolved to stop wishing for everything and disappear by going to Jefferson. Later that week, while cleaning up from the wedding, Angus receives a box from April and opens it, revealing the plum tuxedo that he had earlier rejected. He realizes that his grandfather was right that he needs to stop fearing humiliation from Rick and stand up for himself or nothing would change. Resolved to grant Grandpa Ivan's wish, he rejects an interview from Jefferson which he applied to. He wears his plum tuxedo and marches to the school gymnasium, where the dance is held. Troy tries to warn him to turn around and walk away because Sandford has his humiliation set up for him. Angus refuses by telling him, screw Rick because he's tired of running away from every fight around him and that he would rather face humiliation than let the selfish jock win. He meets Melissa, and the two converse for the first time. As they are introduced to the students, Rick plays his videotape on the monitors, which shows Angus dancing with an inflatable doll. The students laugh while Melissa runs out of the gym in tears, and Bethune follows angry at Troy for his involvement with their enemy. Outside the gym, Angus apologizes to a hurt Melissa about the tape. However, she surprisingly shows how much she hates Rick, because he's very controlling and abusive to her and the other students. Melissa also reveals that she's bulimic and Angus understands very well. He tells her that he tried it once, but he was so hungry that he almost ended up eating his hand, which makes her laugh. Melissa reveals that she likes Angus, because despite being overweight, he's very kind, smart and treats other with respect. She also reveals those are good traits that the jock lacks, because Rick only cared about his looks more than trying to treat the student body with respect. Finding common ground, the two return to the gym and dance, even as she helps him out with some of the steps. After the two receive a mild reception from the students, Rick scolds Melissa, while Angus comes to her defense. It is here that he finally confronts him and petitions him to realize that there are in fact many people that don't fit his idea of "normal," and are unwittingly ostracized for it, and are fed up with the humiliation. However, Rick selfishly refuses his plea by replying "Whatever I am, it's something you're never gonna be." to which Angus replies "Thank God!" basically saying that he would rather be an awkward large kid with a kind heart, instead of a malevolent, selfish and vain jerk like him. The students congratulate Angus for taking a stand against Rick. Melissa dances with him and Troy enacts a little revenge on the jock by breaking his nose with his cast and impressing his crush. In the end, Angus rejects the offer to transfer to Jefferson High School to which he first applied after he takes his stand against him. He realizes that his grandfather was right that he doesn't have to run away anymore making him the victor in his battle with Rick and his peers. It is also leaned that he has been suspended for his video prank against him during the Winter Ball dance.
tt0142201
Comedy,Crime,Drama
This film moves back and forth between its two main characters. 1- Peejoe Bullis (Lucas Black) and his brother Wiley (David Speck) are orphans who live with their grandmother (Sandra Seacat). 2- Lucille Vinson (Melanie Griffith) kills her husband Chester because he won't let her go to Hollywood to star in the sitcom Bewitched, where she has been cast on a 2-episode role. Lucille is Peejoe and Wiley's aunt, and the sister of Dove, another uncle of the two boys. When Lucille goes to Hollywood with Chester's head in a Tupperware container after having poisoned him with rat poison, she leaves her seven children with her mother, so Grandma has no more place for Peejoe and Wiley. They have to go to live with Uncle Dove (David Morse), and his wife Earlene (Cathy Moriarty). Dove tells sheriff John Doggett (Meat Loaf), that they don't know where Lucille is heading for. On her way to New Orleans, Lucille can hear Chester's head talking to her (represented by the voice of Brent Briscoe), making sarcastic comments. The assistant at the Fleur de Lys hat shop (Marion Zinser) is a bit sarcastic at the beginning as well, but she is not so when Lucille buys a 500-dollar couture hat because she needs the hatbox to put Chester's head in. Later, Lucille stops at a bar, and a barman (John Fleck) thinks she is a whore and is rude to her. She gets annoyed, and steals the barman's money and car. Later on, she stops at a road coffee shop. There, Sally (writer Fannie Flagg) is a waitress, and realizes Lucille's being sought by the police, but she doesn't give her in. She talks to her for a while, and then she tells her to go without paying saying "it is on me". Because of the stolen car, Lucille gets pulled over by a police officer, who gets all excited hearing the story she is telling with sexual overtones. When they are kissing, Lucille handcuffs the police officer and steals his gun, although she leaves it outside the police station. Back home, Peejoe sees black people queueing up to register for voting although it's illegal in Alabama, and focuses on 17-year old Taylor Jackson (Louis Miller). Peejoe and Wiley go to a small swimming-pool, the only one in town but only-white. Taylor jumps in the pool, and all the white people get out of the pool, except Peejoe. Peejoe watches how the sheriff kills Taylor when he was running away from him, pulling him down from a railing, hitting his head on the cement and killing him. Later, Peejoe has an incident with a lawn mower, which hits him in an eye with a golf ball, and everybody wants to think he was attacked by the sheriff. Peejoe will carry a patch in his eye for almost the rest of the film. At the funeral, Peejoe parades with Taylor's mourners. He coaxes Wiley into following him. They all finish at the same pool, singing and jumping in, only to be disbanded by the sheriff. A Look magazine photographer (Michael Arata) is there, and takes a close-up picture of Peejoe's face. Peejoe is considered a hero, although he insists he only happened to be there. When Martin Luther King (Dudley F. Craig II) arrives in town -we never see his face-, Peejoe is introduced to him, and they shake hands. Lucille had earned some money in Las Vegas, having the time of her life playing roulette and shagging a very handsome bellboy (Brad Beyer). Eccentric limousine driver (Richard Schiff) takes her to Hollywood, where her agent Harry Hall (Robert Wagner) is expecting her. She presents herself under the name of Caroline Clay. There, bitchy actress Joan Blake (Elizabeth Perkins) is rude to her. Lucille works on the set of Bewitched, with the stand-in actors (Charlie Dell, Oliver Clark and Tracy Griffith) giving her the cue lines. Hall thinks Lucille should appear in films as well. At a party, the bitchy actress investigates what's in the hatbox, because her badly-behaved dogs are snuffing at it. When she sees Chester's head, she walks stiffy and dizzily, goes through a closed window and drowns herself out of shock, but nobody suspects Lucille had anything to do with it. Norman drives her out of the party. Back in Alabama, Earlene complains because the whole town is ostracizing her, because of Peejoe's involvement with the cause. She wants the two siblings out of her house, but Dove won't allow it. In the middle of the discussion, they see Lucille's episode on TV. They stop quarrelling and they watch it in amazement. Back to Hollywood, when Lucille is about to throw Chester's head from the Golden Gate Bridge, all her money -kept in a red bag- slips away. She tries to retrieve it. Two patrolmen (Kirk Fox and Jordan Lund) ask her questions, because they think she's trying to commit suicide, and that's when one of them see all the money and the head in the hatbox. Lucille is discovered and sent back to Alabama, where she could be sentenced to the electric chair. Peejoe and Dove have been talking to FBI Agent Murphy (William Converse Roberts) in secret, but Dove is afraid of Peejoe's security and doesn't want him to testify. Nehemiah Jackson (John Beasley) is Taylor's grandfather. He's in prison as well, because of his demonstrations and parades. He gives Lucille something to eat. Judge Louis Mead (Rod Steiger) is an eccentric man, who makes Lucille's children go away, in order not to influence the jury. At one moment in the trial, he wants to talk to Lucille alone. She's pleading self-defence and sanity. When Peejoe testifies, he says that there is a deal between sheriff Doggett and Dove: if he doesn't accuse the sheriff of Taylor's murder, Lucille will not be given the death penalty. Later in the trial, Lucille tells the jury how Chester abused and mistreated her and her children -all with cinema stars' names like Marlon, Rock, Marilyn... (Dane Le Blanc, Dakota Johnson, Estella del Carmen Banderas and Jackson Isaacs) However, the jury isn't adamant to feel pity for her, and they find Lucille guilty on all counts. Outside the courtroom, Murphy arrests sheriff Doggett, who is unrepentant. Dove asks Peejoe if he had planned it all, and he said it just came to him in the spur of the moment. Dove tells Peejoe that that was something he couldn't run from, so that he won't have the opportunity to change his mind. Peejoe is happy about that. Judge Mead gives a long speech when sentencing Lucille. He says the jury wants Lucille to go to the electric chair, but that he has never sent a woman there. He doesn't think she's a danger to anybody, except her late husband. First he sentences her to 20 years, then he suspends the sentence and makes it a 5-year probation sentence, if she seeks psychiatric counselling. Lucille can go free, although the prosecutor shouts and is really angry. Outside the court, Norman is waiting with a car and a bunch of flowers. He and Lucille go away with all of Lucille's children, presumably back to Hollywood. Back in Alabama, the town is filling the pool with cement, because a judge has ruled it should be integrated (be for everybody, not only for white people). Peejoe and Wiley find it ludicrous. They go away fishing with a black friend, and he says that now nobody has a pool.
tt0120133
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Thanks to his poor performing skills, Oliver Greening is rejected from a coveted performance in a musical version of "A Tale of Two Cities." After his daughter Annabel attempts to get her brother Charlie to believe that the tooth fairy exists, Murray, a clumsy fairy godfather, appears after Charlie has gone to sleep. Annabel wants to wish for her father to get the role, but Murray suddenly remembers he is late for an important engagement and promises to return to grant her wish later. Hortence, the head of all fairy godmothers, is holding the annual meeting of the NAFGA (or North American Fairy Godmothers Association). Due to Hortence's rule, all the fairy godmothers must check in their wands before the meeting. Claudia, a former fairy godmother turned evil witch, has shown up at the meeting uninvited and intends to steal all the wands. She gives Hortence's receptionist, Rena a witch's apple that puts her to sleep, casts a spell on Hortence turning the head fairy paper-thin and binding her mouth with bricks, and locks all the fairy godmothers downstairs on her way to stealing the wands. Murray, however, arrives at the meeting late and never checks his wand, leaving it as the only wand Claudia has yet to obtain. Annabel realizes that Murray has left his magic wand behind and decides to bring it back to him, but Charlie breaks it. Murray and Annabel disappear to Nebraska, by way of a misconstrued spell cast by him to get out quickly. After he tries and fails to turn a selfish motel owner they meet there into a rabbit (turning him instead into a giant rabbi), the two end up back in Central Park. Because of Annabel's disappearing in an unexplained way, the school closes early. Charlie finds them there. Annabel begs Murray to try to grant her wish now that they are close to her father, but due to yet another mishap by him, Oliver is turned into a statue. To fix the problem, the three of them go to NAFGA and ask for the help of Hortence, who is still under the effects of Claudia's spell. While Murray, Charlie and Rena (who has awoken from Claudia's sleeping spell) fix Murray's wand, Hortence tells Annabel of Claudia's plot and explains that the awry spell must be lifted before midnight, or Oliver will be doomed to remain a statue forever. Claudia, meanwhile, has been looking through the wands, searching for hers. After going through, she realizes it is missing and now belongs to Murray, and she is determined to obtain it. Annabel and Murray head to the theater and see Tony Sable, the selfish and conceited actor who is auditioning for Oliver's part. Knowing this could ruin her father's chance of being in the show, she asks Murray to sabotage the audition any way he can. First he tries to make it rain on the stage but it is dismissed as a simple technical problem and the audition continues. Then she asks him to give Sable a frog in his throat to impair his singing. He takes this wish too literally, and frogs start hopping out of Sable's mouth, shocking the cast and crew. Annabel and Murray celebrate, but Sable gets the part since Oliver has not shown up. Boots, Claudias terrier turned lackey who has been looking for Murray, finds them. Murray mentions the story of Brer Rabbit to Annabel and together they beg her not to take them to Claudia's lair so that she will. Claudia catches them, and demands them to tell her where her wand is. When Murray tries to persuade Annabel not to tell her, as punishment, Claudia changes her and Murray into ballerinas and makes them dance uncontrollably until Annabel agrees to tell her. However, Annabel is able to keep Claudia distracted until Charlie can return with the wand. When he does, Murray wins Boots' allegiance long enough to convince her to give him the wand. Claudia attempts to attack him, but Murray is able to trick her into firing a spell that draws her into a mirror, which is then shattered. Murray, Charlie, and Annabel return to Central Park and restore Oliver in the nick of time. He is given the part of Sable's understudy thanks to a producer who enjoyed his audition. In order to finally grant Annabel's wish, Murray appears backstage and causes Sable to slip on a bucket, and twist his ankle. The resultant temper tantrum gets him fired and Oliver, his understudy, is cast in his place. Charlie and Annabel watch the show with Murray and the other fairy godmothers including Hortence, who is now free from Claudia's spell.
tt1172060
Horror,Sci-Fi
It's Alive is a remake of the 1974 film of the same name except that beyond the killer baby motif absolutely nothing is the same as the original. Directed by Josef Rusnak (The Thirteenth Floor) and written by Larry Cohen (Q, It's Alive III, Phonebooth), Paul Sopocy (new Thundercats?!) and James Portolese (JCVD's Until Death) this is a re-imagining of a film that really didn't need to see the light of day. It's Alive would have to work very hard from the off to justify it's existence. Just before the end of her semester at college, Lenore Harker (Bijou Phillips) leaves to have a baby with her architect boyfriend Franck (James Murray) at his remote log cabin in the woods. After discovering the baby has doubled in size in just a month they have to extract the baby by caesarian section, without Franck being present. As the doctor cuts the umbilical cord all hell breaks loose, with the baby killing every doctor and nurse in the operating room. When we cut back to the new mother, baby is asleep on her stomach and the room is painted a lovely shade of blood red. After questioning by the police Lenore is allowed back home with her baby (after all, a baby killing people would be ridiculous!) and is left to get on with her life while they organise a psychologist to help her try to remember anything. It's not long before Death Baby bites Lenore when she's feeding him and his taste for blood is revealed. Gradually the baby gets the taste for rats, cats and penguins* before progressing to killing fully-grown people. As Lenore refuses to accept her baby is seriously messed up it comes down to wheelchair bound kid Chris (Raphaël Coleman) and school chum Nicole (Skye Bennett) to save the day. [D-Man2010]
tt1709143
Adventure,Horror,Sci-Fi
Nine astronauts endure a six month mission to Mars in hopes of finding some sign of life. Ironically, they only find death in the form of a bacterial infection that transforms the victims, one by one, into zombie like creatures. As the zombie count increases and the number of "living" astronauts decreases, a race against time unfolds for any astronaut hoping to return to earth safely.
tt0192731
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
A plane is flying through a heavy storm that is filled with rowdy college students coming back from Hawaii after spring break. One couple heads into the lavatory for sex when the girl sees the words "you're going down" written in red on a mirror. The plane starts a descent, and the couple exits the bathroom to find all of the passengers dead and the killer, a flight attendent wielding a knife, attacks them. The couple runs into the cockpit to find both pilots dead. While the boy tries to hold the killer steward off by holding the door closed, the girl gets in the pilot seat and yells "mayday!" over the radio. Suddenly... Toby the director yells "Cut!" as the camera pulls back to reveal that this whole thing is a horror movie filmed by a small college crew at Alpine University. Toby yells at his crew for not getting the shot right as well as the blond girl, Sandra Petruzzi (Jessica Cauffiel), over her motivation. When the work is completed for the day, the sound recorder Amy Mayfied (Jennifer Morrison), walks home to her doom where it's revealed that she is a aspiring filmmaker wanting to write and direct her own movie some day. The next day, Amy is in class with other film students listing to the talk of the Alfred Hitchcock Film Award and the thesis film projects. Walking back to her dorm after her late night class, Amy is given a ride by Reese Wilson (Loretta Devine), the campus security guard. The two of them talk about Pam Grier and that they are both fans of her movies. Amy tells Reese that she has a film due, but cannot think of a good story, Reese tells her that a few years ago she was the security guard at Pendleton University where a serial killer killed eight students there, but Amy dismisses it as the local urban legend of the area. Later, Amy visits her film class teacher, Professor Solomon (Hart Bochner), and gives him her idea about making a film about a killer who kills people basing them on urban legends. The professor thinks that its a great idea. That evening, film student Travis Stark (Matthew Davis) is in a local bar with his girlfriend Lisa and they talk about his films. As Lisa orders two more drinks, someone slips a pill in her drink. Travis leaves to go to work on his latest movie, and Toby (Aston Mount) walks over to Lisa to hit on her. Lisa leaves, telling him that he can pay for the drinks. She stumbles into a coatroom where an unseen person sneaks up behind her and throws a plastic bad over her head. Lisa wakes up sometime later that night in a bathtub full of ice with a wound on her stomach and sees one of her kidney's is on a plate nearby. Lisa sees someone in the other room of what appears to be an abandoned building. She crawls out of the tub and shuts the door. Lisa calls 911 on her cell phone, but the operator thinks that its a prank call and hangs up on her. Lisa tries crawling out a window when the unseen person breaks in and pulls her back in, and breaking the window. The window is slammed shut on Lisa's neck, beheading her. The next day, Amy asks Travis if he can look at her approved script. When Amy tells some fellow students about her movie, Toby pulls her aside and accuses her of stealing his horror genre and says that no one will take the Hitchcock Award away from him which he feels belongs to him and him only. Amy goes to see Travis who is upset that he got a C- on his film and asks if she knows an available cinematographer. On the set, three of the film student crew, Stan Washington (Anthony Anderson), Dirk Reynolds (Michael Bacall), as well as Sandra fake an accident in which Sandra plays dead with some blood makeup on her head. After Amy describes the scene to Sandra, the cinematographer Schorm "Simon" Jabuscko (Marco Hofschneider), shows up with his camera. As people are leaving for the night, Sandra returns to the set for her dorm room keys. Someone sneaks into the studio and attaches a microphone to a camera and approaches her. The next day in the screening room, Amy and her friends watch the latest footage they shot. But the footage changes to feature Sandra being chased and killed by the unseen killer. Amy thinks that it is real, but the others think is another of Sandra's practical jokes. Later that day, Amy and the others get news that Travis killed himself. Another film student, named Graham Manning (Joseph Lawrence), talks to Amy, assuring her that Sandra is probably in Los Angeles filming a bit part on the series ER. Amy goes to the campus tower where it is said that Travis shot himself over his bad grade. There, Amy has a run-in with Travis' identical twin brother, Trevor (also Mathew Davis). He tells Amy that he thinks that Travis did not kill himself, but he tells her not to tell anybody that she saw him. That evening, Amy films a scene where the students count down to the new year and scream. While Simon is outside to smoke a cigarette, the killer, wearing a fencing mask with a hooded dark-blue sweat suit, attacks him with his own camera and beats him to death with it. Amy, having heard the last part of the killer, goes outside where Simon got attacked, but the killer and Simon's body are gone. Amy notices a security camera and she goes to Reese to ask to borrow the tapes of the last hour or so of what the cameras recorded. Amy watches the tape in the studio and sees Simon killed by the hooded fencing mask killer. But the killer appears and breaks into the studio. She locks the door to the booth, but the killer breaks through. Amy is chased by the killer through the building and to the dock where she dives into a sewer piper. While running through the sewer tunnel, Amy finds Reese and the two of them go back to the recording studio, but the tapes are gone. Reese is skeptic to Amy's claims about being attacked and also says that she cannot do anything without evidence. The next morning, Amy secretly meets with Trevor again where she tells him that she thinks that Sandra and Simon are dead, but Trevor tells her that he cannot go to the police for he has a bad relationship with the local authorities for they will not believe him either. Amy thinks that the killer might be one of the students up for the Hitchcock Award. That evening, Amy and colleague Vanessa Valdeon (Eva Mendes), the boom operation on the film (whom clearly has a crush on the straight Amy), head to the ride Merry Minders, the location of the Tunnel of Terror carnival ride scene (where the urban legend has real dead bodies in a carnival fun ride). Stan and Dick arrive there to set up dead bodies, and Amy asks Graham why be brought along the odd PA Kevin (Derek Aasland). Graham is upset that Amy is pulling a power trip in front of everyone, and he leaves. Amy sees Trevor watching them from the trees, nods to him, and tells everyone that they can leave the set to get something to eat. When Stan goes off into the tunnel to fix more lights, the killer hits him on the head and electrocutes him with a sliced cable. Next, the killer attacks Dirk and pushes him against a control box, electrocuting him too. The ride's railcar stops with Amy inside and she walks out the rest of the way. Amy finds Dirk dead and is chased by the killer to the entrance where Reese is waiting. She ventures into the tunnel, but the killer has fled. The police arrive and carry away the dead Stan and Dirk while they take Amy away for questioning. The next day, Trevor meets with Amy in her room where he tells her that he followed Graham but lost him the previous night and cannot rule him out being the killer. They lie down together on Amy's bed where Amy falls asleep and has an intimate dream of her with Trevor when he suddenly stabs her. Amy wakes up in her bed alone. Amy sees a light on in the tower and finds Vanessa who says that she got Amy's note to meet with her there. Amy replies that she didn't send her any note when a dummy falls onto a table and the two girls run up to the tower followed by the killer. They hide in a room when the door is opened and the killer grabs Vanessa, but leaves Amy locked in the room. Amy breaks down the door and finds a dead Vanessa hanging from the tower bell. Amy runs outside where Reese sees her and begins to follow her. Amy finds Trevor who takes her to the library. He tells her that in his own investigation, all the dead people worked on the short film The Gods of Men, his brother's film. They watch the bad film when at the end of it, Amy notices a splice and says that it is not Travis' film. Amy and Trevor waylay Toby Melcher as he is driving to the campus by flaging him down and threaten him with a gun as another urban legend (a guy picking up a dead hitchhiker). They take him to the studio set and handcuff him to a chair and accuse him of being the killer for he is the only surviving crew member who worked on Travis' film. Just then, Professor Solomon arrives where Trevor, acting as Travis, says that Toby stole his film. Toby reminds 'Travis' that Travis only did the sound and merely gave the credit to Toby who has never seen the film. Suddenly, Solomon pulls out a gun and shoots Toby. Trevor goes for the gun and Amy runs. Solomon knocks Trevor aside and holds him at gunpoint. The professor tells Amy that many years ago, her father was one of the judges who cast the deciding vote against him for the Hitchcock Award in film school. Solomon explains what when Amy came into his office on that day with her idea about making a horror movie about an urban legend serial killer, he decided to kill all those who worked on Travis' film and frame her for the killings so he could steal Travis' film and submit it as his own. Graham comes out of hiding and swings a chair at Solomon who ducks and the four of them battle over the gun until Reese arrives and points her gun at all of them unsure who is the killer. Feigning innocence, Solomon reminds Reese that Amy is the killer because he saw her running from the tower a few hours ago when Vanessa was killed. Reese points her gun at the professor saying that she never told anyone that she even saw Amy running from the tower and the only way that Solomon knows is if he was there. Solomon punches Reese and she punches him back. During the struggle, the prop guns get mixed up with the real guns. Amy, Trevor, and Solomon each have a gun. Trevor and Solomon get a click, but nothing happens. Amy, with a gold-trimmed gun that Reese had shown her earlier, tries to pass the gun to Reese. Solomon jumps on her and gets shot in the back. Reese then places him under arrest as Amy and Trevor embrace. Graham also finds Toby whom is still alive as well. Some months later, Trevor is accepting the Alfred Hitchcock Award on behalf of his late brother's film when the creepy PA Kevin, perched high atop a walkway, attempts to shoot Trevor as he is accepting the award and gets shot by Reese. Kevin falls off the scaffolding.... into a large air bag below and Amy yells "Cut!" It is the last scene of Amy's very first independent funded movie titled Urban Legends with her directing, Trevor in the lead role, Toby as the assistant director, and most of the crew in acting parts, while Graham talks on his cell phone nearby as Amy's manager to discuss her film's upcoming completion and future premier. In the final scene set another few months later, a TV set showing Amy's complete film is turned off by a nurse while a dazed and near-cationic Solomon, now confined to a wheelchair from his gunshot wound, is now residing in a insane asylum having watched Amy's completed movie. Solomon is wheeled away back to his room by a familiar looking nurse whom is.... Brenda Bates (Rebecca Gayheart). The wild-eyed killer from the first Urban Legend movie and the inspiration for this whole new film.
tt0306734
Drama,Romance,Comedy
The movie's story line is about an American sister (Kate Hudson) who comes to Paris to help her pregnant sister (Naomi Watts) who has been dumped by her husband. The movie shows some of the cultural clashes that Americans have with French customs and their divorce laws. While the divorce is proceeding, Hudson has an affair with a married man who is the uncle of the husband.
tt1034324
Drama,Sport
It's 1971. Cathy Rush is a woman ahead of her time ... and she's about to embark on an adventure for the ages. A new era is dawning in the country and in collegiate athletics, where a national champion will be crowned for the first time in women's basketball. In the lead up to this historical season, major universities are preparing their game plans to win that first title. Meanwhile a tiny all-women's Catholic college in Philadelphia has a more modest goal: find a coach before the season begins. Providentially, Cathy Rush is about to find Immaculata College. Recently married, Cathy is dealing with the aftermath of a truncated playing career. While cultural norms would have her staying at home, she's willing to do the hard work necessary to help her new team reach their goals or perhaps she's just trying to achieve her unfulfilled dreams through them. From the beginning, her challenges are as imposing as the big-school teams Immaculata will face on the court. Cathy learns there is no gymnasium on campus, she receives little support from the school's Mother Superior, and the school is in dire financial straits. To top it off, she may not even have enough players to field a team! While it appears the Macs don't have a prayer, all hope is not lost. With the help of Sister Sunday - a spunky assistant coach - and the support of a booster club of elderly nuns, Coach Rush creates a new game plan that just might bring the team and the school together. Will this pioneer buck cultural norms and spur her rag-tag team to unexpected heights? Or will her hard-driving ways create a wedge between the coach and everyone around her? One thing's for certain: there's never been anyone like Cathy Rush at Immaculata! THE MIGHTY MACS is based on the incredible true story of the 1971-72 Immaculata College team that started in obscurity but became the original Cinderella story in women's basketball. This team of pioneers went from barely making that inaugural tournament to the first dynasty in their game. And Cathy Rush, the woman that was ahead of her time, became immortalized when she was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. THE MIGHTY MACS stars Carla Gugino as Cathy Rush; David Boreanaz as her husband, NBA referee Ed Rush; Marley Shelton as Sister Sunday; and Academy Award and Tony Award winner Ellen Burstyn as Mother St. John. The film was written, directed, and produced by Tim Chambers. The film's executive producers are Pat Croce, the former president of the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers, and Vince Curran, a successful businessman and former basketball star at Penn. Curran and Chambers are founders and partners of Quaker Media. Get ready to cheer on a true Cinderella team when THE MIGHTY MACS opens in theaters on October 21.
tt0475355
Drama,Sport
Based on a true story, in 1973 Jim Ellis (Terrence Howard) was just out of college looking for work as a math teacher. Jim loved to swim and was an excellent swimmer. However, as the only black swimmer on his college team, Jim encountered discrimination from other teams at swim meets. After being turned down for a teaching job at a private school in Philadelphia, Jim needs money, and he takes a temporary job packing up items at a rundown recreation center that is about to be demolished. Jim finds the pool and brings the pool back to life. Elston (Bernie Mac) the custodian for many years thinks Jim is crazy. Jim thinks he can help some of the kids in the neighborhood by forming the city's first African-American swim team and compete in the state championship meet. Maybe he can even save the P.D.R. (Philadelphia Department of Recreation) center from being torn down. Douglas Young (the-movie guy)
tt1185264
Fantasy,Horror,Sci-Fi
Often known as Red Mist this terror tale stars Arielle Kebbel as Catherine Thomas, one of a group of medical students responsible for accidentally rendering a sleazy janitor comatose in revenge for his voyeuristic actions. But when the remorseful Catherine administers an untested cocktail of wonder drugs, the patient is jolted into a startling out-of-body state, allowing him to murderously possess each student in turn.
tt0499570
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
A low budget thriller is being shot in the desert. We witness the shooting of a sequence in a diner, where Ray, the main bad character (played by Christian Slater), threatens everyone in a psychotic way, first with speech then with gun. But suddenly the actor falls, and then dies, apparently from a stroke. The whole team is disorganized, and soon challenges the authority of the director, who finally has to call the sociopathic producer Harvey Brickman (played by John Turturro) who becomes hysterical on the situation. They decide to send Bonhoeffer (played by Anthony Hopkins), an aging overworked screenwriter, to the set in the desert to do some rewrite of the script and find a solution to this mess. But soon, the need to satisfy everyone make heat and stress turn to exhaustion, imagination to delusion and even hallucination, and send the screenwriter's creative process into a confusion between imagination and facts, between characters and real people in a whirlwind of images. A much underrated film deserving 7, although one can wonder on the necessity of the structure of the first fifteen minutes editing, which, instead of establishing the position of the character Bonhoeffer (played by Anthony Hopkins) as the main point of view on the story, confuses it with no real benefit because the confusion comes too early. Passed these first fifteen minutes, everything goes fine in a "natural born killers" hallucination style kind of way. Very good acting.
tt0476995
Action,Comedy,Family
Rexxx, a much pampered celebrity dog with a rich diet and corresponding lifestyle is the victim of a stunt gone wrong. Believed to be killed in a headlong fall from a plane his Hollywood owner tearfully arranges a memorial service. In the meantime and miles away Rexxx with new-found street smarts become a street dog, outfoxes an animal control officer with his circus-like gymnastic ability and literally comes into contact with Shane Fahey (Josh Hutcherson) who is cutting school at the time. When all attempts to find his owner fail the dog is adopted by the son of the fire chief of the run-down and undervalued Dog Patch firehouse. His name at this point changes to Dewey, taken from the name tag he was wearing when he was originally found. Soon seen by all who come into contact with him as a Wonder Dog, he helps the boy to find a new purpose in life, rescues the regional fire chief, becomes a mascot for the struggling Dog Patch firehouse and assists in solving a mystery concerning the death of a family member, at the same time undoing a conspiracy that could result in the closure of the firehouse. When news of his amazing feats breaks out in the media he briefly returns to his original owners but is dissatisfied by the lack of activity and excitement there. When he hears a fire truck siren he runs off once again to join his new fire family. Reluctantly his owners realize that he is better off with young Fahey and give the dog to him so that he can continue to be the station mascot.
tt0096118
Comedy,Horror
At Camp Rolling Hills, the head counselor T.C., and a camper named Phoebe are telling each other scary stories around a campfire. Phoebe tells them the story about the killings of the previous film at Camp Arawak. Suddenly, counselor Angela finds her and orders her to go back to her cabin. As Phoebe and Angela start arguing about sneaking away from the cabin, Angela tells her to go home. Phoebe, distressed, runs off into the woods. Phoebe, now lost, calls back for Angela, who appears behind her and hits her in the head with a log. Angela then cuts out her tongue, proclaiming: "And here's what you get for using horrible language and having a filthy mouth!". The next day, Angela's group is wondering about Phoebe's whereabouts. Angela tells them that she sent her home for "doing things with the boys that she had no business doing". Meanwhile outside, Charlie and Emilio are taking pictures of the girls who are topless. The head of the camp, Uncle John, gives Angela the "counselor of the week award" during breakfast. Afterward, when Angela is walking in the woods, she finds the Schoute sisters smoking some marijuana and fornicating with one of the boys. After sending the boy off, Angela looks over at Brooke, who's completely out of it and looks back at the still active Jodi. Brooke then suddenly wakes up on what appears to be a grill somewhere deep in the woods, with Angela pouring some alcohol on her to wake up. Brooke rises up and is shown face to face with the charred skeleton of her already immolated sister, Jodi. Angela then pours gasoline all over her body and says "Let this be a lesson to you: say no to drugs," and burns her alive. That night, the boys throw a panty raid in the girls' cabin until Angela comes in, throwing them out. After Angela leaves for a counselor meeting, the girls get back at the boys by raiding their cabin for their clothes. Angela walks in, finding Mare showing off her breasts. Mare then decides to go home. On the way back, Angela stops the car and offers Mare one last chance to go back and aplogize, and Mare declines. Angela then pulls out a drill and drills Mare to death. The next day, Angela finds Charlie and Emilio looking at naked pictures, one of them showing a side-view of Angela. Later that night, some of the teenage boys go out to scare Angela by dressing up like Freddy Krueger, Jason Voorhees and Leatherface. However, the plan backfires when Angela slashes one of the boy's throat with his own razor knives fingers glove and chainsaws the other boy through the skull. The next day, Angela sets up a trap for Ally Burgess, by giving her a fake note saying that Molly's boyfriend, Sean, would like to meet her in the woods. Ally arrives and Angela stabs her in the back and shoves her into an outhouse, then pushes her inside the hole, which is full of feces, urine and leeches, drowning her. That night, Demi starts telling Angela about how Mare's parents told her that she was still at camp. Realizing that she could be caught, Angela starts searching the room for something to kill her with while Demi talks non-stop, finally ending up with her guitar string saying "Demi, you talk too much" and garrotes Demi to death. Suddenly, Lea comes in and Angela stabs her to death, merely stating "You're gonna tell". With no one but Angela and Molly left in the cabin, and with not telling Uncle John about her sending home campers, Uncle John fires her. Feeling sad for Angela, Molly and Sean go to cheer her up. When they find her hiding place, they discover the dead bodies of everyone that has been killed. Angela suddenly appears behind them, knocks Sean out and ties the duo up. Back at camp, Rob Darrinco, Sean's best friend and Ally's 'sex friend', reveals to T.C. about Molly and Sean's disappearances. T.C. goes off to find Angela. He finds the cabin and enters it, and is greeted by Angela, who throws battery acid on his face, hideously mutilating and killing him. Sean then realizes that Angela is Peter Baker, the fourteen-year-old transsexual killer from the previous film. Angela reveals that after two years of electroshock therapy and a sex change, she was released for having good records from doctors. Angela then proceeds to cut Sean's head off with Judd's machete. Angela then leaves because she has already set a trap for Matt, the boy who was fornicating with Jodi and Brooke. When she comes back with his body, Molly, who has escaped from being held hostage, attacks her with a log and proceeds to run off. Angela chases after her and after a struggle, Molly pulls out Angela's pocket knife and stabs Angela in her hand and left leg. Angela continues approaching her. Molly, who is standing near a ledge, falls over and is apparently dead. Angela tells her "If it's any consolation, you almost made it," and leaves. Later that night, Diane, another camp counselor, finds Charlie and Emilio pinned up against a cabin wall with their necks slashed open and their eyes gouged out. Diane runs to go find Uncle John. Diane finds him in his office, with his throat slashed and a machete on his desk, next to his cut off hand. Diane then prepares to run but bumps into Rob, who is hanging from the wall with a gag in his mouth. Angela appears behind her and stabs her. Angela leaves the office, but then walks back in and proclaims "Goodnight, campers." Meanwhile, Molly, who has just regained consciousness, limps out of the woods. Angela hitchhikes with a truck driver and is about to leave the campsite. Angela, however, is now getting annoyed by the driver because of her smoking and her annoying Texan voice. Angela then pulls out her knife and starts attacking the woman just as they stop at a railroad crossing. Molly finally makes it to the main road and starts walking away when the pickup truck stops behind her. Molly, relieved, walks over to the truck. The driver is revealed to be Angela who says "Howdee partner!" Molly screams as Angela apparently kills her as well.
tt0070895
Action,Biography,Crime
Set in the mid 1960s, Buford Pusser (Joe Don Baker) returns with his family to his hometown of Adamsville, Tennessee after a stint in Chicago as a professional wrestler. Pusser moves his wife Pauline (Elizabeth Hartman) and their two children, Mike (Leif Garrett) and Dwana (Dawn Lyn), into a home a short distance from his parents, Carl (Noah Beery) and Helen (Lurene Tuttle). Soon after settling in, Buford reunites with old friend Lutie McVeigh (Ed Call), who is delighted to show Buford just how much the area has changed in his absence by taking him to the Lucky Spot roadhouse one afternoon. After Lutie promptly loses money playing craps, he borrows $50 from Buford who then watches the next round carefully. Spotting a player with an extra pair of dice, Buford accuses him of cheating, prompting the proprietor Buel Jaggers (Arch Johnson) and his men to attack Buford. A fierce brawl ensues in which Lutie is knocked out and Buford is eventually overpowered by four men. On Jaggers orders, his men carve several deep wounds into Buford's chest and back before dumping him in a roadside ditch and driving away in his car. After being taken home by a trucker, Buford is treated by Dr. Lamar Stivers (Don Keefer) and questioned by Sheriff Al Thurman (Gene Evans), who downplays the assault as men letting off steam. A few days later, Thurman returns to the Pusser home with his deputy Grady Coker (Bruce Glover) to report that he has not located Buford's car. Although Thurman implies that Lutie's reputation for telling tall tales will not help Buford if he presses charges against Jaggers, Buford insists on proceeding. After commencing work at his father's logging farm, Buford meets school friend Obra Eaker (Felton Perry), a young black man, and hires him immediately. When no action is taken on Bufords charge against Jaggers and his men, Buford fashions a large stick at the mill and goes to the Lucky Spot at closing where he bashes in the arm of each of the men involved in his assault. Buford then demands the frightened bookkeeper reimburse him for his lost car, his hospital bills and the money taken from him and Lutie. The next day, the corrupt Sheriff Thurman arrests Buford on charges of assault and robbery and, after Judge R.W. Clarke (Douglas V. Fowley) threatens him with a long sentence, Buford decides to represent himself in court. Just before the trial is about to begin, Carl informs Buford that Lutie's body has been discovered in the lake. Informing the jury that his only witness has been killed, Buford removes his shirt to display the multiple scars from his attack, prompting the jury to clear Buford of all charges. Delighted, Obra then suggests that Buford use his new popularity to run against Thurman for sheriff. Although Pauline pleads with Buford not to involve himself further in the regions rampant corruption, Buford decides to run against Thurman. Incensed, Thurman begins tracking Buford, hoping to catch him in any minor infraction. Pleased to find Buford speeding one day, Thurman races after him and tries to force Buford off the road several times, only to drive off a bridge and crash. Buford is able to pull Grady to safety, but the car burns before he can rescue Thurman. Soon after at the Lucky Spot, Jaggers meets with the other area club gangster owners, including Augie McCullah (Kenneth Tobey), the head of the regions illegal activities, and Callie Hacker (Rosemary Murphy), the madam who runs the sprawling Pine Ridge Club brothel. Despite Callie's orders to the others to spend lavishly to prevent Buford from being elected, he wins. On his first day as sheriff, Buford commands his deputies to apply the law equally and accept no bribes. Soon after, Buford is summoned to a morgue to view the bodies of eight black civil rights workers who died after apparently drinking poisoned moonshine. Offering Obra a position as deputy sheriff, Buford presses him for help and Obra takes him to the areas largest still, run by Willie Rae Lockman (Sam Laws), a black man who also owns a small nightclub near the Mississippi border. Arresting everyone at the still, Buford is dismayed when Judge Clarke later throws out all the charges because the new sheriff did not follow proper procedures in securing warrants and informing the accused of their rights. Although frustrated, Buford proceeds more carefully and soon has his deputies making regular checks for illegal liquor at the areas bars and roadhouses. Some time later, Buford receives a visit by government representative John Witter (Logan Ramsey), who advises Buford that harassing local businesses has ramifications in the state capital, Nashville. When Buford refuses Witters invitation to visit Nashville, Witter cautions him that ideals and reality are often very far apart. Undaunted, Buford, Obra, Grady and the deputies resume making surprise checks on all the clubs, angering the various owners, but Callie warns that Witter has instructed them to leave Buford alone temporarily as his activities in McNairy County have received attention in the Nashville press. Meanwhile, Buford remains frustrated in his dealings with the corrupt Judge Clarke, who continually undercuts guilty verdicts of gamblers and liquor runners by applying minimal fines and few detentions. Later, Buford is outraged when a surprise simultaneous mass search of all the area clubs yields no illegal activities, suggesting there is an informer on Buford's staff. One night while taking a back road home, a car races past Buford and when he gives chase and pulls the car over, he is shot twice in the chest. Recovering at home, Buford bitterly notes the get-well gifts from the corrupt club owners and, despite Pauline's pleas, insists he must start carrying a gun in addition to his large stick. Soon after, Buford assembles all his deputies and proceeds to a new still that he plans to destroy. There he accuses deputy Virgil Button (Ted Jordan) of betraying him, as he is the only one who knew of Buford driving the back roads home. When Virgil breaks down and admits to taking bribes, Buford fires him. Over the next several days, Buford makes numerous successful raids on the clubs, prompting Callie to suspect that the organization now has a leak. Although Jaggers suggests killing Buford, Callie hesitates as Witter's has not authorized so drastic an act. Acting on his own, one of Jaggers men ambushes Buford's home a few nights later, firing two shot gun blasts through the living room window, resulting in the death of the family dog. Buford runs after the assailant and kills him. Soon after, Luan Paxton (Brenda Benét), one of the prostitutes at the Lucky Spot who has befriended Buford and has been informing him about the illegal activities the gangs are part of, telephones him with a tip that Callie and her henchman are torturing one of the other girls, Margie Ann, whom they suspect of informing. Buford rescues Margie Ann and beats up Callie's man in front of her. Later, Buford provides Luan with money to leave town safely. Outraged by Buford's boldness, Callie fakes the robbery of a jewel salesman on Christmas Day at the Lucky Spot to lure Buford there. When he arrives, she opens fire on him with a shotgun blast that hits several customers, but misses the sheriff, who shoots and kills her. After Callie's death, there is a lull in criminal activity in McNairy County. One morning, shortly after a pleasant picnic with his family, Buford receives an early morning call regarding trouble at a new still, and when Pauline asks to accompany Buford, he agrees. On the drive, two cars carrying Jaggers, McCullah and their men drive by the Pussers and riddle the car with gunshots, killing Pauline with a random shot to the back of her head. Pulling over, Buford hysterically radios for help, but Jaggers and McCullah drive by again, shoot Buford in the face and leave him for dead. Soon after Pauline's funeral, Buford, swathed in a heavy neck and face cast, drives out to the Lucky Spot and plows his car into the club, running down Jaggers and McCullah. Afterward, Obra and Grady arrive to take Buford back to the hospital while numerous townsfolk set fire to the Lucky Spot to reclaim law and order for their town.
tt0086969
Drama,War
A young man nicknamed Birdy (Matthew Modine) is sitting on the floor of his barren psychiatric hospital room. He seems in an almost comatose state. In another hospital, conscious U.S. Army Sergeant Alfonso 'Al' Columbato (Nicolas Cage), with his face heavily bandaged, is being wheeled on a stretcher to his dormitory styled room, where the orderlies transfer him to his bed. Later, the doctor is examining him, they talking about Al's facial injuries, when the bandages are going to be removed, and the likelihood of success of the completed reconstructive surgery. Apparently Al is leaving the hospital soon. Al is on a train, trying to find a place to sit down. He places his bag on the overhead rack and sits opposite a woman and her adolescent daughter. The girl can't help but stare at the heavily face-bandaged Al, who in turn notices her looking and feels her discomfort. To break the ice, Al says "boo" to her, and she smiles knowingly. Her mother matter-of-factly tells her not to stare. Al begins to think about his friend Birdy, who most have always thought weird. [Flashback to their high school days in South Philadelphia] In a large field sandwiched within a residential neighborhood, Al is playing in a pick-up game of softball. When he's up at bat, he hits a fly ball into the backyard of a house. He swears when he sees where it landed. The woman in the backyard picks up the ball. The kids know that the woman won't give them the ball back, she who doesn't and tells them to go play somewhere else. That woman is Birdy's mother (Dolores Sage), who has kept balls from them before. Birdy's father (George Buck), who is also working in the backyard, tells his wife to return the ball, she who refuses and walks away with ball in hand. Without another ball, the kids are forced to stop playing and they disperse. As Al begins to walk away, he sees Birdy sitting in a tree, he who looks back. They say nothing to each other. Al is making out with a girl under some bleachers. As he tries to take her clothes off, she resists, while they still kiss. Al's younger brother Mario Columbato (James Santini) comes by looking for Al. As Al tells Mario to get lost, Mario tells him that "the weird kid" is just down the street. Swearing about having to stop making out, Al goes with Mario. They end up at Birdy's house, Birdy who is sitting on the stoop of the front porch working on something with cooing pigeons in a cage next to him. Al calls him bird boy. Birdy says nothing. Al asks him if he has a knife to remove a splinter from his hand. Birdy hands over a pocket knife. Al tells Birdy the knife belongs to Mario. Birdy grabs the knife back and runs away as Al chases him. As they struggle, Birdy manages to elude Al while grabbing his cage. During the scuffle, Al learns that Birdy didn't steal the knife but got it from whoever did steal it. Al is incensed with Mario for not telling him that fact. Al lets Birdy keep the knife. Not knowing its true origins, Birdy offers the knife back to Mario. Al grabs it and hands it back to Birdy. Al tells Mario that he'll get him another knife. The athletic Al is interested in Birdy's natural wrestling ability, which he noticed during the scuffle. Birdy in turns asks if Al is interested in pigeons. Birdy's fascination with them is partly because of their ability to fly. Al becomes interested when Birdy tells him he's training them to become carrier pigeons. As Birdy walks away down the street, Al chases after him offering to help Birdy catch some pigeons. They end up at a railway overpass where some pigeons are taking off and landing. Birdy relates to Al the routinized behavior of the birds. The two boys climb up onto the frame support of the overpass, precariously over the busy traffic below. Al is nervous, but Birdy seems within his element. Birdy easily catches one of the pigeons just before a train rolls by which scares the remaining birds off to flight. Birdy and Al are shown in short succession catching more pigeons, transporting those birds in cages on their bicycles, and building a large wooden aviary. Al takes one of the birds and throws it up in the air. The pigeon flies back to the aviary. The boys are excited that the pigeon goes where they want it. Later, they release a flock of pigeons from a faraway dock. The pigeons fly back to their "home" in the aviary. Al goes to the aviary to do some work. As he goes about his work with the pigeons, he yells out for Birdy, knowing that Birdy is somewhere in the aviary. Birdy emerges covered in feathers. He is wearing a pigeon suit he made so that the pigeons will think he's one of them. Birdy wants Al to try the suit. Al doesn't want to, he who is scared to look stupid wearing a bird suit. Later that evening, Al, wearing the suit and feeling embarrassed, and Birdy, wearing another suit, are at a secured gas well site climbing to the top of the tower. Against Al's wishes, Birdy is hanging over the side collecting pigeons while Al holds his legs. Al slips, letting go of Birdy's legs. Birdy falls over the side, but manages to grab hold of the side of the tower instead of falling to the ground. A scared Al tries to get a hold of Birdy, who seems nonplussed at his predicament. Birdy sees a sand-pile below and tells Al he's going to fly down. As Al screams for Birdy not to do it, Birdy lets go. Al runs down the stairs to the sand-pile where he finds a slightly dazed Birdy, who says that he flew and it was beautiful. Al, still scared as he's unaware if Birdy is injured, hugs his friend as a police car approaches. [Forward to present day] At the hospital, Birdy is staring into space, while Al looks at him through the window in the door. Major Weiss (John Harkins), Birdy's doctor, asks for Al's assessment of Birdy. Al doesn't think he looks good and asks in return if that is all Birdy does i.e. stare into space. The doctor replies affirmatively, stating that he suffered minor physical injuries but that his main problem is something psychological. All they know is that Birdy was MIA for a month in Vietnam and when found they didn't know who he was for a while. Birdy has not spoken since he was found. Al learns that Birdy's mother was the one who suggested to the doctor to bring him here. The major hopes the visit will do both Al and Birdy some good. The major takes Al back to his office to show him photos of Birdy taken while at the hospital - they are all of Birdy in crouched positions, generally of him nude. After questioning, Al tells him that they are close and crazy friends but not queer. They talk about Al's own injuries, the casualties of the war but the fact that the military takes care of its own. The major suggests that Al go and visit with Birdy now. Renaldi (Bruno Kirby) is to be his guide. Renaldi, an orderly who does almost everything needed for the patients, takes Al to see other patients doing some physical therapy of manual hand dexterity. Renaldi ended up doing this work as a conscientious objector. As Renaldi unlocks Birdy's door, Birdy, startled and crouched on the floor, turns around. Al enters and makes some wisecracks. Birdy registers no acknowledgment. Al continues speaking about life back in South Philadelphia when they were kids, about his own injuries, and the war. Al ultimately asks him point blank what happened to him. As Al approaches, Birdy turns away. A civilian nurse named Hannah Rourke (Karen Young) enters, surprised to see Al there. As Al tells her who he is, she now remembers hearing stories of his arrival. She is the only one who Birdy will allow feed him, although this time he is not cooperating. As Hannah lets Al out of the room, Birdy turns his head to look skyward toward the window. [Flashback to their high school years] Birdy is on an examining table in the hospital, being checked for physical injuries while Al, off in the distance still wearing the pigeon suit, looks on. He tells another waiting patient that Birdy has a broken leg and perhaps a broken back, the latter which he hopes isn't the case as that can make one crazy, although Birdy is a bit crazy already. Birdy's parents are dismantling the aviary and burning the wood, while Al, reading in the newspaper of Birdy's fall, looks on, he who is more interested in the story. The pigeons that were in the aviary fly away. Al talks to a recovered Birdy about that being the end of their bird adventures, while Birdy is convinced that the pigeons will still return despite his mother having destroyed the actual structure of the aviary. Al admits that the birds did come back, but Birdy's mother poisoned some, and the others she got the local butcher to come take away for food. Birdy concedes to Al's wishes of going into a different venture together. [Forward to present day] Birdy is lying on his hospital room floor in a crucifixion position. Al, elsewhere in the hospital, is smoking and contemplating life. Later, Birdy is crouched on the floor next to the toilet, naked, staring upward. Birdy is remembering a story told by Al of a statue atop city hall that looks like it has an erection. Birdy grins slightly. [Flashback to high school years] Birdy is naked sitting on the floor of a large cage, feeling what it's like to be a caged pigeon. [Forward to present day] Birdy is still crouched in his hospital room. Shadows of birds can been seen through the window. Still, Birdy registers no acknowledgment. [Flashback to high school years] Al and Birdy are looking at a car in a junk yard, the car which they end up buying. With Al behind the steering wheel, Birdy pushes the car off the yard. As Al and Birdy work on the car, Mr. Columbato (Sandy Baron) arrives home, telling the boys the car is a piece of shit. Al curses his father under his breath. Al, behind the wheel, nervously turns the key in the ignition while Birdy, in the passenger seat, looks on. After a few sputtered attempts, the ignition rolls for a split second, to which Al and Birdy hug each other excitedly. They mockingly pretend they are off on a drive, Al speaking of driving to the ocean, to which Birdy replies that he's never been. Birdy is jumping out of the ocean waves in Atlantic City. Birdy likens the experience to flying in thick air. As Birdy dives under the water again, Al curses as he wants to party on the boardwalk instead. After several seconds, Birdy does not surface. A worried Al yells for Birdy, but can't do anything about it as Al doesn't know how to swim. Al, Birdy and their dates Shirley (Sandra Beall) and Rosanne (Elizabeth Whitcraft) are on a miniature roller coaster. Birdy is half standing up, flapping his arms like a bird. As they wander around the amusement park, Al is interested in the girls while Birdy sees them more as a distraction. They stop at the underwater merman, Birdy who wonders how he can hold his breath so long. Later, Al and Shirley are noisily having sex in the grass, while Birdy and Rosanne, nearby, make small talk. After a few seconds, Rosanne can no longer stand being with the "weird" Birdy and yanks Shirley away from the sex to head off. Birdy is nonplussed, while Al is angry. At the beach the next day, Birdy is flapping his arms like a bird jumping around, while Al yells to him that he has to learn to get along with girls in a normal way, which means no bird talk. They argue about the female form, Birdy seeing women's breasts as no more than enlarged mammary glands, whereas Al sees beauty. A policeman approaches them, asking if the 1953 Ford is their car. At the police station, Al and Birdy are behind bars waiting for Al's parents to show up. Birdy is pacing while Al is calm. The Columbatos arrive to pick up the boys. As Al gets to the car, Mr. Columbato slaps him hard across the face. Al winces and starts to cry. Birdy asks what birds looking down must think of their lives. Mr. Columbato is angry at the banter, at the boys and the fact that the car engine won't start. The four are then seen from a bird's eye view. [Forward to present day] Al is let into Birdy's hospital room, the door locked behind him. Birdy is crouched on the floor and Al sits across from him. Al starts having a conversation with himself, speaking both his and Birdy's parts. He stops the dialogue and yells at Birdy to talk to him. Al tells Birdy he knows he's finally a bird and that it's no big deal, except that he will be used as a medical case history forever. Birdy turns his head and looks out the window. It's a heavily overcast day with a glint of sunshine filtering through the clouds. [Flashback to high school years] It's a rainy day and Birdy is headed to see Mrs. Prevost (Nancy Fish) who sells birds out of her house. Birds are flying everywhere in the room. Birdy takes a liking to a yellow canary which he buys. He names her Birda. Al and Birdy are moving what looks to be a large pair of wings. They're discussing the fact that Mr. Columbato sold their car, which Birdy wants. Al tries to dissuade him from talking to Mr. Columbato as Al knows his father will beat Birdy if he makes a fuss about the car. Birdy confronts Mr. Columbato about the issue. They argue long and hard about it. Mr. Columbato, at the end of his rope, at least offers the money back to Birdy. That's not the point to Birdy, but Mrs. Columbato makes Birdy take the money. A dejected Birdy takes the money, walks away and gives the entire wad of cash to Al as Birdy doesn't want the money, just the car. [Forward to present day] Al is admiring the fact that Birdy stood up to Mr. Columbato, something Al himself could never do. Al, confused about their current life, gets up to leave but not before giving Birdy a caress on the cheek. There is no reaction from Birdy. With the door locked, Al pounds on the door and yells for Renaldi to unlock it. As Renaldi rushes to unlock the door for Al, Birdy registers some fear from the knocking. Al yells out for Birdy as he reminisces about being in the jungle in Vietnam. Al wakens from a nightmare. He is in the hospital and Renaldi rushes over to him. Al is almost out of breath, but Renaldi sees it is a panic attack and nothing physically wrong. Major Weiss' secretary is taking some information from Al regarding Al himself for the major. The secretary is constantly spitting. Al is confused about why they need his personal medical history. Although the officer has not yet collected all the information, Weiss calls Al into his office with the secretary bringing in Al's file. Al's first question is about the secretary's spitting. Weiss replies that he has been that way since combat, which left a bad taste in his mouth. Al learns that Weiss wants his information as he wants to know who he's dealing with. Weiss reads about some insubordination on Al's part while in Vietnam, specifically a physical attack on a senior officer. Al gets the topic back to Birdy. They talk about the car, and the fact that Al's father reported it stolen when the boys drove it to Atlantic City. Weiss yells at Al for his wisecrack remarks. Weiss tells him that wise-crackers like him and Birdy usually end up institutionalized forever, but Al is certain that with time he can get through to his friend. Before Al leaves the room, he lies to the Major about his feelings toward his father in general and about the incident with the car. As Hannah caresses Birdy's face, Al tries to feed him. Birdy starts to eat. Hannah has to leave and asks Al to finish feeding Birdy. After Hannah leaves, Al tells Birdy that he thinks she likes him. Al then tells him to stop the act as it's making him crazy and might risk his life being institutionalized forever. Birdy stops eating but starts staring at Al. He's not sure if it is recognition or not. [Flashback to high school years] Birdy is lying in bed, playing with a mechanical bird he made. Birda flies onto his arm. After playing with her, he places her in the aviary he's built under his bed. Birdy's father comes into his room and tells him to go to sleep at it's 3 o'clock in the morning. Birdy's mom yells the same off from the distance. Birdy's father turns off the light and closes the door. Birda chirps. In class, Birdy is giving a verbal presentation on birds using his mechanical bird as a demonstration. The class is most enthralled with aspects of flying as they watch the mechanical bird fly around the room. Laughter erupts when the bird hits the window and crashes. As Birdy picks up the bird, one girl, Doris Robinson (Maude Winchester) gives Birdy a loving look which he notices. Later, Al mentions Doris' look to Birdy. Birdy doesn't seem interested in pursuing anything with Doris. Birdy heads to the school's basement to talk to his father who works there as a janitor. Birdy wants him to talk to his mother about letting him have a male canary to mate with Birda. Birdy's dad isn't so sure it's a good idea. He feels Birdy's mom thinks that canaries and Al as a friend won't get him far in life. He likens it to his own growing up situation, Birdy's dad's passion which was building things out of wicker. Birdy's dad and mom want to get him interested in something practical. But Birdy really wants this second canary, so Birdy's dad gives in to the idea of at least broaching the issue with his mom. Back in Birdy's bedroom, there are two canaries flying around, Birda in the general aviary, the male in a cage in the aviary. This will allow the two to get familiar with each other without having physical interaction until they are comfortable with each other. Al enters the room and notices the second bird. Birdy has named it Alfonso as it likes to fight and show off. Both Al and Birdy are enthralled watching the two. When Birdy starts making canary noises, Al looks at him like he's crazy. Al and Birdy are in Birdy's back yard lifting weights. Birdy is face down flapping his arms and legs mimicking flying. Birdy's mom tells them they're crazy. Al's retort is that she's crazy for hiding their baseballs. They surmise she's buried them somewhere. An alarm goes off. They've been weightlifting for an hour. Birdy admits he's doing this weightlifting so that he can fly. Al and Birdy are at the garbage dump. Birdy is saving a gull from a rat snake. As Birdy picks up the bird to let it fly away, he gets a stick to stab the snake to death. Al wants them to get on with their task as it smells there, but Birdy is in no hurry as he paces off a distance. Al is on Birdy's bike, while Birdy, who has just put on his home made wings, sits on the bike's handlebars. Birdy is certain this venture will work. Al starts pedaling as fast as he can. Birdy starts flapping his wings. Just before the drop-off, Al stops which propels Birdy into the air. Birdy takes flight for a fraction of a second before he starts to plummet to the ground. He lands in a cesspool below. Al rushes down to him as the weight of the wings is submerging Birdy under the shallow water. Birdy, not knowing what went wrong, is otherwise OK. [Forward to present day] Al is back in Birdy's hospital room. Al makes a joke about their relationship. Birdy smiles, which Al notices. Later Al tells Weiss about the smile. Weiss believes the smile is dissociative to the joke. Weiss, frustrated with Al, says that Birdy is more responsive to drug treatment than to him. Al yells back that the drugs are making Birdy not who he is. Weiss, Al's superior officer, won't tolerate Al's insubordination like he is aware Al is apt to be as he read through in his file. Al apologizes if only to be able to help Birdy. Weiss suggests that Al is no longer needed and that he should return to Fort Dix. As Weiss walks off, Al suggests one other thing from the past that may twig some memory in Birdy: the missing baseballs. He wants the army to ask Birdy's mom to send the baseballs. Weiss agrees to extend Al's visit until he can check about the baseballs. Al enters a gymnasium in the hospital where a wheelchair bound patient is dribbling and shooting hoops. Al claps in appreciation. The patient asks Al to join in. Al declines to go lift weights instead. He watches another legless man climbing rope. Al reminisces about how the war has been so different than they imagined it would be, and how immature they have been. As he continues his reminiscences, he goes to see that Hannah is giving Birdy a bath. [Flashback to high school years] Al and Birdy are in a truck with Joe Sagessa (Robert L. Ryan) who catches stray dogs and sells them. The guys want in on the business to make money. They spot a dog. They stop and get their equipment to catch the dog, Joe with a large hoop net, the boys with a large loose net. As they approach the dog, they see a herd of other dogs off in the distance. They all smell a war. As Joe tries to catch the original dog, it runs off, the other dogs fast on their tail. The guys get back into the truck to chase after the entire herd. They believe they have the dogs cornered against a chain link fence. They manage to catch most of the dogs and put them in the cage in the back of the truck. They drive off with the dogs, Joe telling them that he will deal with the dogs' disposal. Then a car approaches them from the side. The angry driver yells that his dog is in the back of Joe's truck. The angry driver tries to side swipe the truck. As the chase continues, Joe won't stop as he says they're almost at their destination: an abattoir, where the animals are electrocuted. The angry driver gets there just after the guys, the angry driver clamoring to get his dog back. Birdy attacks Joe and yells to Al to let the dogs go. Al unlocks the cage as the dogs run out. The angry driver is able to get his dog and he drives off. Al and Birdy run off away from an angry Joe. [Forward to present day] Hannah is still giving Birdy his bath. Al watches through the door window. Birdy is remembering back to a time in his past when a cat was approaching. He starts to thrash around in the bathtub scared. Hannah does not know why Birdy is in this scared state. [Flashback to high school years] Birdy is in his kitchen, washing a picture frame in the sink. He sees that specific cat outside, not really paying it much attention. Unknown to him, the cat makes it into the house and up into his bedroom. Finished his task in the kitchen, Birdy heads up to his room, but not before his mother complains about the birds attracting lice. In his room, he sees the cat with Birda in its mouth. Birdy lunges at the cat and tries to pry its mouth open. An angry Birdy manages to do so and grab the injured Birda as the cat runs off. Birdy has Birda cupped in his hands, caressing it. She isn't moving. All of a sudden, she begins to move, gets up and flies off. An excited Birdy watches her fly around the room. [Forward to present day] Birdy is staring out the window. Al, in the room, tells his friend that he won't give up on him. He admits he almost told Weiss about Birdy's flying. Al grabs Birdy off the floor, violently pushes him up against the wall, and yells at him to snap out of his condition. Al throws him back down on the floor and tells him to at least be consistent: he may try to act like a bird, but everything he is now doing is not bird-like. Hannah enters with a tray of food. Al continues to taunt Birdy, who is obviously reacting. Hannah yells at Al to stop, cradling a scared Birdy in her arms, but Al knows that he's tapped into something in Birdy's psyche. Al yells at Hannah about her inopportune entrance as he storms out of the room. Hannah follows Al into another private room and she sympathetically apologizes to him about the argument that just occurred. Al begins to feel her breasts and they start to kiss. Al quickly stops what he's doing, thinking more about how they can help Birdy than about the tenderness of the current situation. Al walks off leaving an emotional Hannah behind. Al goes into the bathroom, turns on the light and stares in the mirror. He begins to examine underneath the bandages on his face. It's dusk and Birdy, in his room, is naked, perched on the bed's foot-board like a bird. [Flashback to high school years] Birdy is staring at one of the canaries in its cage. It's nighttime, and a large shadow of a flapping bird is on the side of the building. Birdy, in over voice, is telling of his dream, where he and Birda become one. Birdy suddenly awakens from his dream. He looks down and realizes he's had a wet dream. He grabs a towel and wipes himself off. Birdy is examining the eggs Birda has laid as one begins to hatch. He realizes that what is happening is nature at work, but he is still amazed at the magic occurring before him, when all he did was put two birds together and feed them. He now has four canaries. All he now cares about is what is happening in his room in the aviary. Scenes cut between present day, with Birdy still perched like a bird on the foot-board of his hospital room bed, and his high school days, specifically focusing on the baby canaries. Birdy, in voice over, tells how the babies seem to know their place in the world. [Flashback to high school years] The phone is ringing. Birdy's mom enters his room, where Birdy, in only his briefs, is sitting on a chair, staring off into space. It's Doris on the phone, wanting to go to the prom with Birdy. Birdy's mom swears she'll kill him if he doesn't go with Doris rather than waste his time alone in his room as usual. She tells him to get rid of the birds as she leaves the room. At the prom, Birdy and Doris are slow dancing. Birdy seems to be in another world which a confused Doris notices. Al, dancing next to them, mimics for Birdy to take some romantic actions with Doris. Cutting to a fast song, they are still dancing. Birdy sees his father off in the distance. Birdy leaves to look for his father and leaves a confused and slightly embarrassed Doris to dance by herself. Birdy finds his father in one of the school's hallways, he who is mopping the floor. Birdy's father gives him a little money to take "his pretty girl" out somewhere after the dance. As Birdy's father heads off, Birdy tells him matter-of-factly that she's not his girl. Doris drives Birdy into a packed but quiet parking lot. She turns off the motor and sidles closer to Birdy. She thanks him for the wrist corsage, which she will keep as a memento. As she extends her hand out, Birdy removes the corsage. She also thanks him for taking her to the prom, which she knows he didn't want to do, but as a thank you, he can now have what he wants. She begins to remove the bodice of her dress, exposing her bare breasts. Birdy feels one of the breasts, more like it's a ball than part of a woman he wants to make love to. He stops. She again feels embarrassed, and pulls her dress back on, apologizing. They look into another car and see a couple making out. They wonder how they do it. As they are about to drive off, Doris makes it clear she wants to go out on another date. Birdy says he'll see her in school, not quite realizing that is not what she was asking. Birdy enters his bedroom. After he closes the door behind him, he begins to slowly disrobe. Totally naked, Birdy enters the aviary and crouches on the floor as he watches the canaries. He eventually lies down and one of the birds lands on his shoulder. He slowly grabs Birda in his hands, and brings it to his mouth as he begins to gently kiss her. In a semi-conscious state, he starts dreaming that there are several birds around him. He wants to tell Al of his dreams but is afraid to. There is nothing left in the real world to keep him alive. He wants to die and be born again as a bird. Still in an unconscious but excited state, he imagines himself flying around his room, then throughout the house, then around outside in the neighborhood, finally hovering over the make-shift baseball diamond. [Forward to present day] Al brings Birdy a tray of food. As Al tries to feed him, Birdy does not respond. Al apologizes for his behavior from before. Al leaves the tray of food next to Birdy, but before he leaves, he tells Birdy that he has to come back to reality. [Flashback to Vietnam] As a helicopter flies overhead, Al and another soldier are in a swampy area below. The other soldier, screaming, is badly wounded. Al yells into the distance that the soldier has been hit as more soldiers run toward them. As they approach, a bomb explodes. Screaming, Al grabs his bloodied face in agony. [Forward to present day] Al, crying, goes back to Birdy's room and stares at him through the door window. Al sits on the floor outside the door in a bad state. [Flashback to Vietnam] The helicopter lands. Several wounded soldiers, including Al, are helped onto the helicopter. [Forward to present day] Al, asleep, is lying on the floor outside of Birdy's room. Renaldi comes by with a suitcase. Al asks what it is. Renaldi replies that he doesn't know but that it came from Birdy's mother. An excited Al brings the suitcase into Birdy's room. He thinks the baseballs will get a reaction from Birdy. As Al opens the suitcase, the baseballs roll all over the floor. Birdy, lying on the floor, has no reaction. A disappointed Al starts to kick the balls in frustration, knowing that his own mental state is tenuous and if Weiss really knew what was going on in his head, he too would be institutionalized. He tells Birdy that he is more scared now than he was in the war, where he was more scared than anyone he knew there. Al sits down among the balls in frustration. [Flashback to high school years] Al enters Birdy's bedroom looking for him. He sees Birdy naked on the floor of the aviary. Al believes that Birdy's undressed state has something to do with having a good time with Doris. As Birdy starts to get dressed, Al asks for details about Doris. Instead, Birdy tells Al about his experience with flying last night, not like a bird, but as a bird. Angry, Al tells Birdy to stop these stupid fantasies as he storms out of the room. [Forward to present day] Still amidst the baseballs, Al apologizes to Birdy for saying those things about Birdy's flying and storming out. Weiss enters. Al gets up, takes Weiss outside the room and tells him the baseballs are working but that he needs a little more time. Weiss disagrees as Birdy is deteriorating. Al's time is up. [Flashback to high school years] Birdy is in his bedroom looking out the window to Al who is wearing an army uniform and carrying a duffel bag as he walks away. One of the canaries crawls under the open crack of the window and flies outside. Birdy yells for it to come back as it flies around outside. Birdy is madly trying to pry the window fully open without success. As Birdy continues trying to get the window open, the canary comes back and smashes into the closed window as Birdy screams. Birdy grabs the bird from the windowsill and caresses it in his hands. Its neck appears to be broken. Birdy weeps. Al is running down to street and boards a bus as it takes off. Birdy is in a fetal position on the floor of his bedroom. He is still in tears. [Flashback to Vietnam] A helicopter is flying over the jungle. Aboard are several soldiers, including an injured one screaming in pain. Birdy is aboard. The helicopter crashes. In the aftermath, there seems to be few if any survivors except an injured Birdy, who is sitting, leaning against a fallen tree. He sees a tropical bird and points up at it. A flock of birds fly overhead. There is a sound of a jet. A bomb is dropped within close vicinity. Much of the jungle goes up in flames. Although not directly in the flames, Birdy screams in a panic. He continues screaming as more birds fly overhead. There are several dead soldiers in the immediate area. [Forward to present day] Birdy is on the floor of his room crying. Al walks over to him, holds his head and tells him it's OK. Hannah enters the room. She is there as Weiss asked for Al as he should now leave the institution for good. Al is on the floor, with Birdy in his arms. Al refuses to leave until Birdy is OK. After Hannah leaves to tell Weiss, Al confesses to Birdy that they are both in a bad mental state and that life has got the better of them. Al wanted to do whatever he wanted to do in life, but that the authorities in charge will now dictate what happens to them. Al remembers back to when he was injured and the different feelings he had in being able to smell his burning flesh and not being able to do anything about it. He is scared that he won't recognize himself once the bandages are removed, and in not recognizing himself if he has lost his sense of who he is. He believes he may now be what the army wants him to be. As Al now wants to hide underneath the bandages forever, he understands that what Birdy is now doing is his own form of hiding from the world. Birdy then says, "Al, sometimes you're so full of shit." An excited Al realizes that Birdy said something and that the words he heard were not his imagination. After Al asking him why, Birdy says him talking now was not a conscious decision, but something that just happened. Weiss enters and wonders what is going on. Al tells him that Birdy spoke, this being the first time that Al has used the nickname "Birdy" in front of Weiss. Weiss doesn't believe it as Birdy looks the same, not uttering a word. When Weiss tries to get Al to leave, Al grabs him and pushes him against the wall. After Al lets go of him, Weiss runs out of the room. Al asks Birdy why he didn't say anything to Weiss, Birdy's response being that he had nothing to say to him. Two orderlies rush in trying to subdue Al. He manages to beat up both. Al grabs Birdy as the two run out of the room. With the orderlies on their tail, Al and Birdy head up the stairs toward the roof. As Al barricades the door of the roof behind them, Birdy runs toward the edge of the roof. Birdy raises his arms and jumps off the side of the roof like he is about ready to fly. Al yells for Birdy to stop. Al, stopping the barricading, runs over to the edge from where Birdy jumped. He looks down, expecting to see Birdy dead on the ground below. Instead, Birdy is on another level of the roof, only a few feet down, perfectly fine. Birdy looks up at Al and asks quizzically of Al, "What?"
tt0084737
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Michael and Cathy, a young couple who have just graduated from college, have known each other about 10 years and have been together about half that time. They arrive on a nameless Greek island to spend two months for the summer of relaxing before going back to the real world. When they visit a nude beach crowded with other young tourists (a combination of American, British, French, German, Italian, Spanish, as well as Greek), they are hesitant at first but find themselves getting caught up in the uninhibited energy that surrounds them. Cathy reads a book of sexual techniques, then ties Michael to the bed and drips candle wax on his chest that evening. Michael is very uncomfortable by her experiements. Cathy comments that everyone thinks she's "such a Goody Two-Shoes" but she wants a little more adventure. Michael, who says he has never been with another woman, keeps noticing Lina, a French archaeologist on temporary assignment at the nearby Akrotiri excavation. One day, at the beach without Cathy, he gets his chance to talk to Lina and ends up starting an affair with her. He then feels so guilty that Cathy immediately notices something is wrong, and he admits what he has done, insisting that he still loves Cathy. Cathy is naturally disturbed by this, but tells him to "get it out of his system", which he takes as permission to return to Lina. Cathy then goes to a local bar intending to sleep with another man as a way to get revenge against Michael for cheating on her. But in the end, she chickens out after getting picked up by an amorous local boy. When Michael comes home later after seeing Lina again, Cathy says she wants out of the relationship. The next day, Cathy goes to Lina's home to confront her. Lina assures Cathy that she does not intend to take Michael away from her, which seems to calm Cathy somewhat. Lina and Cathy end up spending several hours together getting acquainted, and talking, and find themselves fascinated by each other's work; Lina's archeology and Cathy's photography. Michael is confused when he learns that the two women are developing a friendship, but he quickly recovers and the three of them spend a few days gradually getting closer. Cathy knows Michael is still sleeping with Lina from time to time, but seems to accept it, although she says it would be difficult for her to see them in bed together. Nevertheless, she tolerates increasing signs of affection between Michael and Lina in her presence. One evening, Cathy encourages Michael to kiss Lina. He gives Lina a light peck, but Cathy says it isn't convincing. He gradually turns up the heat while watching Cathy intently for her reaction. He then kisses Cathy, checking to see how this makes Lina feel. The three end up spending the night together in bed. Lina moves in with them, and they continue enjoying the island paradise as a threesome. Over the next several days, Michael, Cathy, and Lina enjoy their "household of three" and spending nights with all three of them having sex with each other. Just as the fantasy seems to be a total success, the natural complications of domestic life, like who does the laundry or dishes, come to the foreground. The three work through these problems, but then things come to a head when Cathy's mother appears on a surprise visit and is shocked when she sees all three of them in a comprompising situation, which snaps everyone back to reality. Cathy tells her mother she's never been happier in her life. Although Lina claims to be bad at relationships and prefers just "screwing", the three actually seem to be falling in love all around. Aside from Lina's comment that she prefers just "screwing," the sexually charged plot is underscored by a number of other instances of openly sexual comments and humor. Finding herself in an intense relationship, and uncertain about her future with them, Lina begins to fear getting hurt when the summer ends and her American friends will return home. Michael and Cathy tell Lina that it doesn't have to end, but they don't go into any details. To avoid getting too close to her new friends, Lina disappears with another young man she met at the beach. Cathy and Michael are distraught, and spend several days searching for Lina. Eventually they conclude they won't find her as long as she wants to remain hidden. But their memories of Lina loom over everything they try to do, and they can no longer enjoy their time on the island. They pack up to return home, even though they have three weeks remaining prepaid on their bungalo rental. Lina finds her fears are outweighed by her feelings for the Americans, and returns to reunite with them, only to discover they have already gone. She races to the airport and intercepts them just as they are about to board the plane. Overjoyed at seeing her again, Cathy and Michael return to spend the last three weeks of their summer with her.
tt0084234
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Last American Virgin is a comedy-drama remake of a 1978 Israeli movie titled 'Eskimo Limon' ('Lemon Popsicle), and it revolves around three American high school students, the protagonist Gary (Lawrence Monoson), a typical highschooler and all around nice guy who works delivering pizzas as his after-school job. Gary's two best friends are Rick (Steve Antin), a slick ladies man, and David (Joe Rubbo), the fat-boy comic relief. Most of the plot involves their numerous failed attempts to have sex and lose their virginity. During one particular night, the three guys pick up three girls at their local diner hangout with the promise of cocaine (instead they use Sweet'n Low) and take them to Gary's house. Gary gets stuck with the homely and overweight Millie, a friend of the other two more attractive girls. But their party gets interupted when Gary's parents return and chaos breaks out. David, gets left behind and accidently walks into Gary's mother whom he mistakes for one of the girls and gets thrown out weaing only his underwear. One day, Gary happens to be delivering pizza to Carmela (Louisa Moritz), a sexy Mexican woman whose sailor boyfriend is never home, and she hints to him she wants more than just pizza. Being too afraid to follow on it, Gary leaves and convinces his friends to go along with him. They drop by her home the next evening using the pretext they were nearby on a pizza delivery and decided to bring her over some extra pizzas. She lets them in, puts on music and performs a sexy dance routine, to the delight of the boys. She promptly has sex with Rick and David, but her boyfriend Paco returns home just as Gary is about to have his turn, prompting them to flee. Later, a love triangle develops between Gary, Rick and Karen (Diane Franklin), a new student to their school whom becomes smitten with the bad boy Rick, but has some feelings for the nice guy Gary who follows her around from time to time. Eventually, Rick and Karen have sex one night under the bleachers at the playing field and as a result, Karen gets pregnant and Rick leaves her. Gary decides to help Karen pay for her abortion by selling most of his possessions and borrowing money from his boss. After the abortion, Gary and Karen spend the remainder of the weekend alone together in Gary's grandmother's summer house so she can recover. They seem to hit it off and Karen invites Gary to her 18th birthday party at her house the following week. Gary scrapes up a few more dollars and buys Karen a gold locket for her birthday. However, when Gary arrives at the party, his dreams of a lasting romance with Karen are shattered when he sees Karen making out with Rick in the kitchen. Despite of what the scuzbucket Rick had put Karen through, she apparently decided to take him back to start all over. Gary finally realizes that nice guys always do finish last in this world. Taking Karen's gift with him, a distraught Gary leaves the party and drives home, emtionally broken and defeated. The End. (Hey, not all teen comedies have to have a happy ending after all.)
tt0073580
Drama,Thriller
David Locke (Jack Nicholson) is a reporter sent to the African deserts to report on activities there and discovers the dead body of an acquaintance, a man named Robertson. Seeking escape from his mundane life Locke takes on the identity of Robertson discovering many peculiar secrets of the dead man, one of which is that he is taking large amounts of money for supplying illegal arms to African terrorists. Along the way Locke spots an attractive Girl (Maria Schneider) and strikes up a conversation with her. When Locke finds out that one of his old reporter friends, Martin Knight (Ian Hendry), is looking for Robertson to interview him, Locke gets the Girl to help him escape and they run away together. As the reporters and Locke's wife close in with the Police, the man with the stolen identity realizes some serious facts about his life and its place in the world.
tt0074906
Drama,Western
The action takes place in Montana in the 1880s among the tributary streams that eventually flow together into the Missouri River, an area known as the Missouri Breaks. Tom Logan, (Jack Nicholson) is the likable leader of an amiable gang of horse thieves. They make their living stealing horses or rustling cattle from ranchers, laughing all the way, spending their money on whiskey and whores. Logan and his gang are particularly upset by the hanging of a friend by rancher David Braxton (John McLiam), an egomaniacal gay local land baron who took the law into his own hands. Braxton has horses, and a daughter, worth stealing. Logan's men pull off a daring train robbery, only to lose much of the money. The gang retaliates against Braxton by hanging his foreman Pete Marker (Richard Bradford) on the same noose. Posing as an aspiring cattle rancher, Logan buys an abandoned ranch next to Braxton's to serve as a relay station for moving stolen horses across the plains. While his men ride off across the Missouri River and north of the border to steal Canadian Mounted Police horses, Logan plants crops at their new farm and enters into a relationship with Braxton's virginal daughter, Jane (Kathleen Lloyd). He knows how to court a woman by brewing Chinese tea in the Wild West. Jane is on bad terms with her father and has taken a shine to Logan in any event, seems to be fascinated by the bad guys and demands sex, saying: "Do you want to have sexual intercourse?" while flirting with Logan. Braxton, obsessed with his rustling problem, his daughter, and avenging his friend's murder, sends for Robert E. Lee Clayton (Marlon Brando), a notorious regulator from Medicine Hat, Wyoming, who, for a price, will take care of rustlers personally, one at a time. Regulators were mercenary frontier agents famous for their ruthlessness and their ability to kill without warning from long distances with their trademark Creekmore rifles. Clayton arrives with a fancy wardrobe, a perfumed scent, an Irish brogue and a rifle with which he is deadly accurate from afar. Clayton bursts in on the funeral of the murdered foreman dressed like a western dandy in fringed leather coat and scarf, bellowing and yanking the corpse up out of the open casket to borrow a few of the ice cubes used to keep the body from decomposing as a compress for a tooth-ache. Clayton is portrayed comically, but he is a sadistic, perverse, and psychotic killer who comes across as much more lawless than the criminals he's hunting. Quickly suspicious of Logan, who doesn't strike him as much of a farmer, Clayton dons a variety of disguises to pick off Logan's gang, one by one. Impersonating a preacher "Jim Ferguson," Clayton tries to cajole Little Todd into confessing that he is part of the gang. He kills Todd by dragging him with a rope through the raging Missouri, seemingly aware of the fact that Todd cannot swim. Clayton spies on Logan with binoculars and taunts Braxton about his daughter's affair with a horse thief. Braxton attempts to discharge him but Clayton is determined to finish what he starts. He amuses himself by shooting two more of Logan's partners from a distance and then by wearing a granny dress while brutally killing Logan's closest friend, Cal (Harry Dean Stanton) with a handmade weapon. Logan knows it's kill or be killed by Clayton. He also wants vengeance against Braxton for having hired the regulator in the first place, despite his feelings for Jane. Now it's up to Logan to hunt down Clayton. One night after a campfire goes dark with Clayton serenading his horse, Logan gets his revenge catching up with him while he's asleep and then slitting his throat: "You know what woke you up? You just had your throat cut!" Logan then comes after Braxton. There's a shootout where Braxton, who everyone now believes is infirm with a stroke, pulls out a gun while he's sitting in a wheelchair and shoots the unawares Logan. Logan then shoots back killing Braxton. Logan abandons his farm and packs up to leave the area and Jane, although he acknowledges that he and Jane might renew their relationship another time, another place.
tt0081506
Action,Adventure
As the opening credits roll, an abbreviated version of Ogami Itto's (Tomisaburo Wakayama) past as Shogunate Decapitator and his wife's murder by ninja are seen, with Daigoro (Akihiro Tomikawa) providing the narration. Two hooded samurai attack Ogami while he is pushing a cart with Daigoro inside. Ogami fends off the attack of the first, breaking the samurai's sword and splitting his head. The second attacker jumps over the first, with the first still clasping Ogami's blade. Ogami pulls off a handrail from the cart and a blade comes out, transforming it into a spear. Ogami then uses the spear to impale the second attacker. As the first is dying, he reminds Ogami that he is marked for death. As Ogami and Daigoro sit by a roadside fire and eat their evening meal, Ogami remembers how he offered the infant Daigoro the life-death choice: either Ogami's sword (which would mean that Daigoro would join him on his mission of vengeance against the Shogun) or Daigoro's ball (which would mean that Daigoro would be killed, so that he could be with his mother in heaven). Daigoro chooses the sword. The next day, the Shogun's officials bring Ogami the Shogun's orders: either swear eternal loyalty or commit suicide with Daigoro. Ogami decides to fight his way to freedom with Daigoro, only to have his path blocked by the Shogun and his men. The Shogun challenges Ogami to fight Kurando (the Shogun's son) in a duel; if Ogami wins, he wins his freedom. Ogami accepts, and eventually cuts off Kurando's head. Ogami and Daigoro journey on, never stopping in one place for very long as the Shogun's ninjas are always following them. As they wander, Daigoro recalls how Lord Bizen (Taketoshi Naito) and his men were given orders to kill him. Even though Bizen's men are wearing chain mail beneath their robes, Ogami's skill and blade are too powerful. Ogami lures Lord Bizen into the middle of a stream and uses an underwater sword-slash technique to kill him. Ogami sees the Shogun watching from a distance and he swears to the Shogun that he will destroy him and all of his ninjas. The Supreme Ninja (Kayo Matsuo) receives orders from the Shogun to kill Ogami and Daigoro. Lord Kurogawa (Akiji Kobayashi) doesn't believe the Supreme Ninja's women are up to the task, so she proves otherwise by ordering her ninjas to kill Junai (Kurogawa's strongest ninja). Ogami and Daigoro meet secretly with a client to discuss a business proposition. Ogami is offered the task of killing Lord Kiru (the Shogun's brother), and in return he will receive ten pieces of gold. Ogami accepts the mission and is told that Lord Kiru is being escorted by a three-brother team known as the 'Masters of Death.' During Ogami and Daigoro's journey to find Lord Kiru, they are attacked several times by The Supreme Ninja's women. Ogami kills them each time. Ogami finally faces the Supreme Ninja herself. She attacks Ogami with a weighted net that contains fishhooks, but Ogami cuts himself free and the Supreme Ninja flees by running away backward. Ogami and Daigoro keep on traveling, but they now come face-to-face with Lord Kurogawa's entire ninja force. Pushing Daigoro in his cart to safety, Ogami uses the spear blades in the cart's handrails to attack. All but two of the ninja are cut down, but Ogami is left wounded. He manages to push Daigoro to the safety of a deserted hut before collapsing from loss of blood. Daigoro goes in search of water for his father, finally bringing it back in his mouth, then takes some food offerings from a roadside shrine, leaving his jacket in honorable exchange. The Supreme Ninja meets with Lord Kurogawa to report her failure but Lord Kurogawa has another plan: to strike at Ogami through Daigoro. Later that night, Daigoro is lured outside the hut by the sound of a woman singing. Waking up to find Daigoro gone, Ogami searches for his son. He finds Daigoro is a prisoner of Lord Kurogawa and the Supreme Ninja. Daigoro is tied up and suspended over a deep well. Kurogawa demands that Ogami surrender or he will drop Daigoro down the well. Ogami refuses, so Kurogawa and his men attack. Kurogawa lets go of the rope suspending Daigoro over the well, but Ogami manages to stamp his foot down on the rope and kill Kurogawa (and his two ninjas) at the same time. Ignoring the Supreme Ninja, who has not moved throughout the fight, Ogami carefully pulls Daigoro up to safety. Instead of killing the Supreme Ninja, Ogami walks away with Daigoro. Ogami and Daigoro board a ship which is carrying the 'Masters of Death' to their rendezvous with Lord Kiru. Also on board is the Supreme Ninja. During the night, the remaining rebels start a fire on board the ship. In the ensuing inferno, the 'Masters of Death' tell Ogami that they recognize him, but that they will not attack him as long as he makes no move against them. Ogami agrees to their terms and they leave him. The companionway is blocked by flames, so he cuts through the deck planking. Ogami then puts Daigoro in his cart and throws them both overboard to safety. The Supreme Ninja attacks Ogami from underwater but he overpowers her. Getting Daigoro, himself and the Supreme Ninja to shore and to the shelter of a fisherman's hut, he strips all three of them naked and gathers them close together, telling the Supreme Ninja that they must share their body heat or die. The Supreme Ninja doesn't understand why he would save her and realizes she cannot kill Ogami or his son. The next day, Ogami and Daigoro leave her there, knowing that she will have to return to the Shogun, report her failure and commit suicide. The 'Masters of Death' escort Lord Kiru and his entourage through a desert area, where they are attacked by a rebel force concealed under the sand. The 'Masters of Death' then fight off and kill all of the rebels. Lord Kiru is taken to safety. However, they haven't gone far before they see Daigoro standing in their way. He points to Ogami, who is waiting. The 'Masters of Death' finally face off against Ogami, but one by one they are cut down and killed. Ogami then chases after Lord Kiru's procession, driving off the guards. Lord Kiru protests that he is the Shogun's brother, but Ogami tells Kiru that the "Shogun means nothing" to him. Ogami then kills Lord Kiru with his sword. As he and his father walk away from the carnage, Daigoro looks back one last time and says via voice-over, "I guess I wish it was different ... but a wish is only a wish".
tt0088272
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
The film opens with a young woman, Melanie Silber (Jamie Rose), walking home late one night in New Orleans down a deserted street. A sound startles her and she drops her packages. A man approaches her. She relaxes when she sees he is wearing a police uniform. He watches her enter her house, then the camera pans down and we see the man isn't wearing regulation police boots, but sneakers. The next day Silber's body is found naked across her bed. She has been raped and strangled. It looks like one in a series of murders so it is passed to a task force headed by Detective Wes Block (Clint Eastwood). Block is recovering from a recent divorce and is trying to put his life back together while caring for his two daughters: 11 year-old Amanda (Alison Eastwood) and 9 year-old Penny (Jenny Beck). Block's partner, Det. Molinari (Dan Hedaya) notes that while the girl was apparently attacked at about 9:15PM, she wasnt killed until after mid-night and wonders about the delay. Block notes that the killer left a half-eaten brownie and an empty coffee cup and comments that the killer was taking his time because he was enjoying what he was doing to the victim. The lab reports that the killer wore sneakers and left traces of barley and tiny glass fragments behind. His blood type is "O." Marks on her wrists suggest that the Silber was handcuffed. Back at the office Block's boss, (Bill Holliday) is annoyed at him for the lack of progress on these cases. Block is also being pursued by rape prevention worker Beryl Thibodeaux (Geneviève Bujold) who wants to talk to him about the case. She finally catches up with him, but he doesn't want to divulge any information to her that might compromise the investigation. She tells him they should put up posters warning women of the danger, but Block states that would only terrify the city's female population. Thibodeaux replies that given the circumstances, maybe they should be terrified. The victim was prostitute and Block goes to interview a Sarita (Regina Richardson) a woman Silber sometimes partnered with. Sarita tells Block that the Silber had a client who was into handcuffs, but she doesnt know his name. When the interview is finished she slips off Block's tie. Block playfully wraps it around her neck as she prepares to make love to him orally. When Block finally leaves he forgets his tie. The next development in the case occurs when prostitute Jamie Cory (Randi Brooks) goes to meet a client at a rented room with a hot tub. The next day her strangled body is found in the bottom of the tub. Block notices a recent tattoo with the words "Looking for Love" and a red heart. He tracks down the tattoo artist and interviews him while the man works on a new tattoo on the inner thigh of a pretty young blond named Becky Jacklin (Rebecca Perle). Sucking on a popsicle, she flirts with Block while the artist is out of the room. The artist denies knowing anything about the murder, so that night Block visits a seedy nightclub where Cory occasionally worked as a bikini-clad baby-oil wrestler. The referee (Donald Barber) greets Block and recommends he talk to the blond currently on the mat if he wants more information about Cory. Block is surprised when he sees that the girl is Jacklin. When she is done work they go back to her apartment where he interviews Jacklin about Cory. She tells him that she knows Cory had a client that liked to use handcuffs on her. She thinks he was a cop and coos, "Maybe it was you?" Later we see Block and Jacklin laying together on the bed after making love. As the camera pans up their naked bodies we see that Jacklin is attached to the head of the bed with Block's handcuffs. Later as they leave the apartment Jacklin tosses away one of her ever present popsicle sticks. We see it picked up by the man wearing sneakers. The next day Amanda is making breakfast. Before her father comes into the room, her curiosity temps her to open an envelope he was carrying. Inside she finds explicit photos of the murdered women. She stuffs the pictures back inside before he can see what she has done. During breakfast she asks her father why he stays out late every night. He replies he is working on solving the murders and that there are some people he can only talk to at night, because they work at night. Block has a change of heart and visits Thibodeaux at the Rape Prevention Center. He gives her some details about the suspect so she can disseminate it to potential victims. When Block gets home that night he can see that Amanda and Penny are upset. Their mother has called to tell them she is getting remarried. Later Block leaves them in the care of a babysitter, Mrs. Holstein (Margie O'Dair) and decides to checkout a seedy bathhouse were people go for anonymous relations. He shows Cory's picture to one woman there, Judy Harper (Margaret Howell). She does not recognize the victim, but invites Block into the room and they have make love. Block does not realize it, but the killer has been trailing him and sees the two of them together. Late that night Amanda leaves her room and finds her father is back home on the sofa. He has drunk himself to sleep holding a wedding picture of himself and his ex-wife. Amanda climbs up on top of Block, tenderly puts her arms around him and falls asleep. The next morning a woman's strangled body is found in the river. When Block arrives at the scene he is shocked to find it is Harper. Block goes by Thibodeaux's gym and sees her there. They talk about the case and he then asks her out to lunch. It is clear a relationship is starting to develop. A fetish doll with an attached riddle arrives at police headquarters. Block thinks it is from the killer. The message also had an invitation for him to visit "Sams." Sams is an club where the killer has arranged for Block to have a S&M session with a girl (Rebecca Clemons). She hands him a whip. He asks what it is for and she replies, "To use on me." Block declines the invitation and she gives him a black rose telling him that she does not know the name of the man who paid her, but her instructions were to send Block on to a local gay bar. At the bar Block meets a gay prostitute (Robert Harvey) wearing a similar black rose. Block declines his services and sends him across the street to a warehouse where he was supposed to meet the man who was paying him. Block follows hoping to catch the killer, but when he arrives he finds the prostitute strangled and hanging from one of the mardi gras floats housed there. Back at headquarters Block solves the riddle and discovers one of Jacklin's broken popsicle sticks inside the doll. Meanwhile she has been kidnapped and her roommate discovers her missing. Soon after Jacklin is found strangled, lying in a fountain. Nearby the tie Block left behind is found around one of the fountain's statues. Disturbed, Block calls Thibodeaux. Together they take Block's daughters out in costume to a street celebration. As the girls watch some street performers, Block talks with Thibodeaux about the case and his misgivings about the direction of his life. Penny buys a balloon from a clown/balloon vender and the camera pans down to show us he is wearing the killer's sneakers. The balloon he gives her is tied with the same type of red ribbon he used to strangle the women, perhaps as a threat to Block, but Penny accidently let's the balloon go and it drifts off before the detective can see it. That night after the girls go to bed, Thibodeaux asks if Block likes to use handcuffs on his dates because is scared of strong women. He admits this may be true. Thibodeaux offers to let him use them on her, but he decides not to and they go to bed. That night he has a dream of Thibodeaux being attacked by a man wearing a ski mask. When the mask is pulled off, Block's face is underneath. He wakes up in a cold sweat. The next day the lab finds the same barley and glass traces found in Silber's apartment on some of the money paid to Cory. Since the serial numbers can be traced to cash sent to the payroll office of "Dixie Brewery" it seems likely that the killer works there. Block and Molinari pay the president of the Brewery (Don Lutenbacher) a visit. He informs them that there are over 1,000 men working at the Brewery. Block suggests the try to eliminate some of the possibilities based on schedule and blood type. While Block did not see the killer at the Brewery, the killer saw him. That night when Block gets home from work he finds the house in disarray and the babysitter missing. Rushing to the girls' room he finds Penny there, but Amanda gone. He instructs Penny to hide in the closet until he comes back. When she opens the door one of the household dogs who was sleeping in there jumps out. Block finds Amanda lying deadly still on his own bed. Fearing the worst he turns her over. She is alive, but has been handcuffed and gagged. Not even taking the time to remove the cuffs, he carries her back to the girls' closet to hide with Penny, then starts searching the house. He finds all the household dogs (except the one Penny let loose) killed. Mrs. Holstein has also been murdered and stuffed in the dryer. The killer sneaks up on Block and tires to strangle him, but Block is saved when the last dog alive attacks the killer, distracting him. In the closet the girls quake with fear as they hear two gunshots. A minute later the door opens and they see a figure with a red ribbon dangling from one hand, as if prepared to strangle them. When the figure bends down, however, they see that it is their father and they jump into his arms. The police arrive, but the killer has escaped. Amanda only has minor injuries, but is taken to the hospital for observation. The next day Block notices a clipping from a former case: a cop who raped two teenagers. Acting on a hunch he asks Molinari to check to see if the perpetrator, Leander Rolfe (Marco St. John) might work at Dixie. Not only does Rolfe work at Dixie, but he got out of prison just before the first murder occurred. He also has a beef with Block since Block originally arrested him more than a decade ago. That night Block and Molinari stake out Rolfe's apartment. Penny is safe as she is staying overnight with Amanda at the hospital, but Block arranges for protection for Thibodeaux: two policemen outside her house and one in the living room. When Block can't get them on the radio, however, he races over to her house. The cops are dead and he arrives just in time to prevent Thibodeaux from being strangled by the killer, Rolfe. Block chases Rolfe through a cemetery while the rest of the police force try to catch up with them. The chase then moves to a railroad yard where Block and Rolfe play cat and mouse among the moving trains. They finally wind up wrestling lying across a track as a freight train approaches. Block rolls off the track at the last second and finds his throat still gripped by Rolfe's hand, which has been severed at the arm from the rest of his body by the train's wheels. The rest of the force arrives and starts to look for Rolfe's body which was apparently dragged away by the train. Meanwhile Block starts walking up the tracks to where a police car pulls up and Thibodeaux jumps out. They embrace and the picture ends.
tt0089013
Horror
While riding the subway to class, music student Cheryl (Natasha Hovey) is given a free pass to a movie theater by a silent, imposing man wearing a metal mask (Michele Soavi). She persuades her classmate, Kathy (Paola Cazzo), to skip class and go to the film with her. There they meet two young men, George (Urbano Barberini) and Ken (Karl Zinny). Other attendees include a smoothly dressed black man, Tony (Bobby Rhodes), and his two girlfriends, Rosemary (Geretta Geretta) and Carmen (Fabiola Toledo), cranky husband Frank (Stelio Candelli) and bitter wife Ruth (Nicole Tessier), young couple Tommy (Guido Baldi) and Hannah (Fiore Argento) and blind man Werner (Alex Serra) and his daughter Liz (Enrica Maria Scrivero). In the lobby of the theater, Rosemary tries on a prop demon mask that leaves a cut on her cheek. Kathy is upset to learn they have come to see a horror film, even though George and Ken offer to "protect" her and Cheryl. In the film, a group of college students ride their motor bikes to the ruins of an old castle rumored to be the burial place of Nostradamus. One of the characters puts on a demon mask identical to the one in the lobby, and it cuts his face. At this moment, the scratch on Rosemary's cheek begins to throb. She goes to the bathroom to take care of it but instead transforms into a demon -- mirroring the character's transformation in the film. Rosemary mauls Carmen, who had followed her to the bathroom. Badly injured, Carmen crashes through the movie screen just as the possessed characters hacks at his friends with a knife. As the horrified audience crowds around her, Carmen transforms into a demon and kills Frank, while Carmen strangles Liz and gouges out Werner's eyes. She and Rosemary then chase the rest of the audience members through the theater. All of the exits have been boarded up somehow. Believing the film is somehow causing people to become demons, Tony leads Kathy, Cheryl, George and Kelly to the projection booth to shut it down. Finding no one there, they smash the projectors then barricade themselves in the balcony. Werner tells them the film isn't the source of evil, the theater itself is. Now also transformed into demons, Frank and Liz attack the others. Liz bites Tony in the leg while Frank vomits demonic blood all over Hannah. When four punks -- Ripper (Lino Salemme), Hot Dog (Giuseppe Maro Cruciane), Baby Pig (Peter Pitsch) and Nina (Bettina Ciampolini) -- manage to break into the theater, the now demonified Werner slips out into a street where he attacks two police officers. Hannah and Tommy try to crawl through a ventilation shaft, but Hannah has been transformed into a demon herself and kills Tommy. Believing the punks are there to rescue them, the survivors begin to tear down the barricades, but this only allows the demons to reach the balcony and attack them. Everyone except Kathy, Cheryl, George and Ken are slaughtered. George and Ken decide to use the ventilation shafts as well, but before anyone can enter, Kathy begins to transform into a demon as well -- she had swallowed some demon blood during the escape from the balcony. When Ken beats her with the air conditioning grate, a new demon bursts from her back and rakes him across the chest. George is forced to kill him with a prop sword from the lobby. He then rides a fully gassed up motorcycle, another prop in the lobby, to ride through the theater and hack to bits most of the demons, including the four punks. Then a helicopter crashes through the ceiling. George uses its propeller to kill the rest of the demons and then its winch and grappling hook to access the theater's roof. There the metal mask man attacks them, but George is able to kill him by stabbing him in the eye with a piece of rebar. George and Cheryl make it to the street only to learn the demonic infection has spread into the city, which now resembles a war zone. They are picked up by a man and his children, who have apparently stockpiled weapons for just such an event. As they drive out of the city, Cheryl transforms into a demon, having been infected at some point in the theater. The man's young son quickly guns her down, and they leave her body in the road.
tt0082782
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Two miners in full gear, including face masks, are seen going down into a deep mine shaft, each carrying a pick axe. They reach an alcove and one of the figures takes off the mask, revealing that she is a young woman. She removes part of her uniform and stands in a state of half-undress in front of the other figure, presumably a man, who does not remove the breathing mask that covers his head. The man sticks his pick axe in the wall beside her as she does a strip tease, fondling the man's mask and breathing tubes in a sexual manner. Finally, the man suddenly grabs her and violently slams her against the pick axe, the blade impaling her through her chest. The small town of Valentine's Bluff is seen preparing for a Valentine's day dance. The town is home to a coal mine where many of the local men work, both young and old. Hanniger, the town Mayor, discusses the Valentine's Day dance with a woman named Mabel Osborne, who runs a laundromat. Hanniger makes a vague reference to a past tragedy associated with Valentine's Day, and we learn that this is the first Valentine's dance to be held in decades. 20 years prior, a mining accident trapped five men underneath the ground. The accident was due to the negligence of two supervisors who were anxious to get to the Valentine's dance, having left their posts while the men were still below - and having failed to check for dangerous levels of methane gas. Of the five men who were trapped in the explosion, four of them died. A survivor named Harry Warden was rescued, found in a state of mental collapse; the rescue took so long that Harry had resorted to cannibalism to survive, eating the bodies of his dead coworkers. Harry took revenge on the two supervisors, attacking them with a pick axe and tearing out their hearts, leaving them in decorative Valentine boxes and warning the town to never hold another Valentine's dance. The warning had been heeded until now, and the town tries to put the past behind it by having another dance. The younger people of the town are excited about it. Three of these young people are involved in a love triangle: T.J. Hanniger, the Mayor's son, has recently returned from an unexpected departure where he tried to leave Valentine's Bluff behind, including his girlfriend Sarah. In the meantime, Sarah has begun a relationship with T.J.'s friend Axel. Sarah still has feelings for T.J., infuriating Axel and causing tension between the two men. Meanwhile, Mayor Hanniger and the town's chief of police, Jake Newby, get an anonymous box of Valentine's chocolates, and when they open it, it contains a human heart, presumably that of the young woman at the beginning of the film. A note warns against having another Valentine's day dance. That evening, Mabel is also attacked by the killer, still dressed in the mining gear. He corners her in the laundromat and murders her with the pick axe. The next morning, Jake finds her body stuffed inside one of the dryers, her heart ripped out and her skin scorched from the heat. Newby tries to hush up the incident in the hopes of avoiding a panic, releasing information that Mabel died of a heart attack. Newby phones the mental institution where Harry Warden was incarcerated, but there is no trace of him there; his records are lost and his contact cannot tell Newby where Harry is or whatever became of him. Newby and Hanniger fear that Harry Warden has come back to continue his killing spree, and their worst fears seem to be confirmed when the coroner tells them the heart in the box was indeed a human heart - of a woman, approximately 30 years old. With the death of Mabel, the dance is cancelled. T.J. and his group of friends gather at the local bar, where they hear stories from the bartender about Harry Warden and his rampage. They scoff at him, angering the bartender Happy, who overhears them planning on holding their own party at the mine after hours. When they leave, the bartender rushes out to the mine ahead of them and sets up a gag dummy with a pickaxe to scare them. But the real killer lunges at him and murders him, driving the pick axe into his head. The following night, when the large group of young revelers arrives at the mine, T.J. and Axel come to blows over their rivalry. A young man, named Dave, is murdered in the kitchen, drowned and scalded in a pot of boiling water by the killer. The killer cuts out his heart and throws it in the boiling water, where it cooks alongside a large batch of beef franks. One of the girls finds it later, thinking it to be a gag, and Dave's body initially goes unnoticed in the freezer of the kitchen. Chief Newby also gets a hint of trouble when another candy box, apparently containing a blood-soaked heart, arrives at the police building with a menacing note - 'You didn't stop the party!'. The chief, unaware of the party at Hanniger mine, can only ask, 'What damn party?'. A young couple named John and Sylvia are making out in the shower area of the mine facility. When John leaves to go get beer, Sylvia is attacked by the miner, who first traps her by dropping miners' coveralls from the ceiling, then ambushes her and viciously impales her head on a shower nozzle. John returns to find the killer gone and Sylvia hanging impaled from the shower nozzle. One of the miners, Hollis allows some of the others to convince him to take them down into the mine. He heads down there with his girlfriend Patty, Sarah, Howard, and another couple, Michael and Harriet. After they descend into the mine, the bodies of Sylvia and Dave are discovered. Gretchen, Howard's love interest, finds Dave dead in the freezer, and then John runs in telling everyone about Sylvia's murder. Axel warns that Harry Warden is probably responsible and is prowling the premises, and the party disperses in a panic. T.J. and Axel find out that the others went down into the mine, and they take an elevator down to warn them and lead them to safety. While down there, Michael and Harriet go off into the engine room to make love, and the killer impales them with a large drill bit. Hollis discovers the bodies and is attacked by the miner, who uses a nail gun to drive two large nails into his head. Patty and Sarah discover him and they catch a glimpse of the miner, who disappears into a tunnel. Howard runs off in a panic, leaving Patty and Sarah alone. Axel and T.J. appear shortly thereafter and try to lead the two girls to safety, but the control panel to the mining cart has been tampered with. The elevator has been similarly disabled, so they climb up the service ladder. Halfway up, they are startled when Howard's body drops from somewhere above them; a rope around his neck decapitates him, spraying blood all over Patty and Sarah. Thinking Harry Warden is now above them on the ladder, they retreat. While rounding a bend in the mine shaft, T.J., Sarah and Patty hear Axel scream behind them. When they go back, it seems as if Axel has fallen into a well; his mining helmet with the light on it sinks down into the abyss, which T.J. says is too deep to traverse. T.J. says Axel is surely lost, and they continue. Above ground, Newby has learned of "Harry Warden" reappearing at the mine when he pulls over a car for speeing where three of the partygoers, Tommy, John, and Gretchen tell him about the two murders. Newby rushes off to the mine with support to rescue the survivors. In the mine, the killer steps out from a doorway and kills Patty with a blow to the stomach from his pick axe. Sarah and T.J. fend him off in a series of confrontations and chases, until they face off with him inside a small alcove that leads to some kind of abandoned tunnel. The fight destroys the outdated wooden supports, and the tunnel begins to collapse. The miner's pickaxe gets caught in a support beam, and he draws a hunting knife. As the miner threatens T.J. with it, the killer is then revealed to be Axel. T.J. and Sarah are stunned, and a flashback reveals Axel as a very young boy--the son of one of the supervisors murdered by Harry Warden. Axel was in the room and saw his father's violent death while hiding underneath the bed. The shock apparently snapped his mind, leaving him unstable, his potential for violence unleashed by the recurrence of the Valentine's dance. The entrance to the old tunnel collapses, trapping Axel underneath a great deal of debris, apparently killing him. Newby and the police arrive as T.J. and Sarah start to walk away, but Axel screams; Sarah, who is still emotionally attached to Axel, rushes back to see him. Only his arm is visible, and she holds his hand, but it pulls away from the rubble; on the other side, Axel has amputated his own arm with a knife to free himself from the cave-in. Through a hole in the debris, the others can see him as he stumbles backwards toward the abandoned tunnel, babbling aloud about Harry Warden and threatening to return. As the one-armed Axel runs off to find another way out of the mine, he says: "Sarah, be my bloody Valentine...!"
tt0074156
Action,Crime,Thriller
The story takes place on a Saturday day and night in Anderson, a crime-infested ghetto in South Central Los Angeles. Members of a local gang, called 'Street Thunder', have recently stolen a large number of automatic rifles and pistols. At 3:10 am, a team of heavily armed LAPD officers ambush and kill six members of the gang. In the morning, the gang's four warlords swear a blood oath of revenge, known as a "Cholo", against the police and the citizens of Los Angeles. Each man cuts his arm and bleeds in a glass bowl. That afternoon, Ethan Bishop goes out for a drive. Over his CB radio, he is disappointed to learn that his first night as a CHP police lieutenant will be spent supervising the decommissioning of the Anderson precinct, aka Precinct 13. At 5:11 p.m., special agent Starker arrives at Los Cruces prison to transport three prisoners to the state in Sonora, California. The warden introduces him to the convicts: Wells, a muscular African-American man; Cornell, an ill and skinny white man; and Napoleon Wilson, a violent, psychotic death row inmate, shackled to a chair in his jail cell. The warden knocks Wilson off the chair without provocation, then leads him outside where Wilson wraps his chains around the Warden's legs and pulls him off his feet, forcing the Starker and the guards to restrain Wilson in gunpoint. Meanwhile, Lawson and his young daughter, Kathy, drive by the Anderson precinct looking for Kathy's nanny's house. They pass the gang leaders, who screw silencers onto their automatic weapons and go out looking for people to kill. Later, Bishop arrives at Anderson and meets his skeleton crew: Julie, a switchboard operator; Leigh, a secretary; and Chaney, an elderly police sergeant. Bishop is briefed by the departing police captain that only two shotguns are left in the precinct and he will be relieved at 4 a.m.; the precinct will close at 10 a.m. Meanwhile, on the prison bus, Cornell has a coughing fit so bad that Starker orders the driver to go to the nearest police precinct. At 6:18 p.m., Lawson stops at a phone booth to phone for directions, while Kathy runs over to an ice cream truck. The ice cream driver is distracted by a black car that keeps circling the block. After Kathy skips away with her ice cream, the driver is pulled out of the truck by the white gang leader. Realizing she got the wrong flavor, Kathy comes back to the truck and is shot by the gang leader, who then fatally shoots the driver. Lawson finishes his call and sees Kathy lying by the truck. Cradling Kathy's body, Lawson sees the black car drive away and the driver lives long enough to tell him that the gun is in a holder next to the steering wheel. Lawson grabs it, gets into his car and chases after the gang. Meanwhile, the police bus arrives at Anderson, and a reluctant Bishop allows Starker to use the holding cells, while he calls a doctor. At 7:00 p.m., Lawson chases Kathy's killers into a field until they jump out of their car and run. Lawson kills the white gang leader, then realizes he is out of bullets, and runs to Anderson precinct. Collapsing at the front desk, Lawson is so traumatized that he can only say he is being followed. Ethan Bishop puts Lawson into the Captain's office and tries to call a doctor, but the phones and the lights suddenly go dead. Bishop at first believes it is an outside power failure, but the streetlights remain on. Special agent Starker decides to leave; however, when Chaney and Bishop step outside, Chaney is shot dead. Bishop runs back inside, and rushes to the holding cells, but is too late to prevent Starker, the two prison guards and Cornell from being gunned down as they step outside. Napoleon Wilson steals Starker's keys, but Bishop makes Starker give them to him after he gets Wilson and Wells back inside and into the holding cells. Salvos of bullets greet Bishop as he returns to the lobby. When the firing stops, he looks outside and sees everyone is gone. Leigh explains there is no rear exit to the building, and all the surrounding buildings are abandoned. As Bishop gives her his revolver and orders her to watch the windows, the gang's three remaining leaders appear throw the glass bowl of blood at the door and then lay a white sheet with the Street Thunder emblem on the front in front of the building before walking away. Sobbing, Julie pleads with Bishop to give the gang Lawson, but he refuses. The shooting resumes, and Bishop hands Leigh the cell keys, ordering her to free the prisoners. As she opens the cells, a thug breaks down the outside door and shoots her in her right arm. She smashes the man in the face with the key ring and opens the cell. She releases Wells and Wilson. Now unchained, Wilson dispatches another gang member who tries to stab him, and helps Leigh fights her way back to the lobby and barricades the door. During the assault, gang members smash through the windows. Bishop dons a rifle while he tosses Wilson a pump-action shotgun while Wells retrieves a gun from a slain gang member. Together, Bishop, Wilson, Wells and Leigh kill or wound more then a dozen gang members attempting to force their way into the building through the windows until they withdraw. When the fighting is over, they discover Julie is dead. Bishop notices an acetylene tank and exclaims that they could have been blown to pieces. Looking outside, Bishop sees that all the corpses have been removed to make it seem like nothing has happened. When Wells informs them he is leaving, Bishop stands in his way and Wells pulls his gun. Leigh steps between them, telling Wells he will be gunned down if he goes outside, then notices Wells is out of bullets. A quick check shows they have only eight bullets left (three in Bishop's rifle, three in Wilson's shotgun and two in Leigh's pistol). At 8:18 pm, remembering that a tunnel runs from the basement to a manhole in the parking lot, Leigh explains someone could crawl out, and go for help. The two prisoners play a game to decide who goes out and Wells loses. He crawls out, hot-wires a car and drives off. When Wells stops at a phone booth, a gang member sits up in the back seat and shoots him in the head. Out of options, Wilson recommends they retreat to the basement as it is easier to defend when they see the gang members in the distance gathering for a final assault. As they descend the stairs, carrying the still-comatose Lawson with them, Leigh asks Wilson why he did not try to escape and Wilson replies that there are only two things a man never leaves behind, one is a helpless man, but he does not say what the second is. Bishop decides to make a final stand in the basement hallway; he wraps some flares around the acetylene tank, explaining that when the gang attacks, he will shoot the flares to detonate the tank. He and Wilson will use a huge metal sign to shield them from the blast. Meanwhile, two policemen patrolling the neighborhood call for backup when they find a dead telephone repairman hanging from a pole. Back at Precinct 13, the gang attacks by throwing Molotov cocktails through the windows and finally break into the building and eventually head down into the basement, but Wilson and Bishop use clubs to force them back. Leigh shoots a gang member coming in from the sewer entrance. When the hall is full, Bishop shoots the tank with his final bullet and it explodes. Outside the burning police station, when more police officers arrive and secure the station, the surviving gang members retreat. Venturing down into the basement, the police officers find dozens of dead and badly burned gang members strewn in the hallway, and the only survivors are Bishop, Leigh, Wilson, and the comatose Lawson. When a policeman tries to handcuff Wilson, Ethan Bishop pushes him away and says it will be a privilege if Wilson will walk out with him. The two leave the smoking basement.
tt0096426
Comedy,Horror
In a small suburban town, a group of college students "Mark, China, Gemma, James, Tony, and Sarah" visit a mysterious wax museum, where they encounter several morbid displays, all of which contain stock characters from the horror genre. Tony and China enter two separate waxwork displays. Tony is at a cabin where a werewolf attacks him. A hunter and his son come, suppressing their fear. The son fails and is torn in two, while the hunter shoots the werewolf, and Tony as he begins the transform. China is sent to a Gothic castle, where vampires attack her and Count Dracula turns her into a vampire. Two of the other students, Mark and Sarah, leave the waxwork unscathed, later Johnathan "a college jock" comes in to the Wax Museum looking for China, but the Phamton of The Opera display got his attention as David Lincoln walked him into the display, Mark goes to a pair of investigating police detectives, Inspecter Roberts meets Lincoln as he lets Roberts investigate the Waxworks, as Mark and Roberts leave the Museum, Mark reconized Lincoln. later, Roberts realized some of the displays looked like some of the other missing people, and then comes back to the Wax Museum, as he cuts off a piece of China's face and puts it in a bag, then he walks into the mummy display as the mummy throws him in the tomb to be killed by a snake, later, Roberts' partner sneaks in and gets his neck broken by Junior "a tall butler" Lincoln scolds him for killing the partner. Mark takes Sarah to the attic of his house, where he shows her an old newspaper detailing the murder of his grandfather (which was seen in the prologue); the only suspect was David Lincoln, his chief assistant, whose photograph closely resembles the waxwork owner. The two then consult the wheelchair-bound Sir Wilfred, a friend of Mark's grandfather, who explains how he and Mark's grandfather collected trinkets from "eighteen of the most evil people who ever lived" and that Lincoln stole the artifacts; Lincoln, having sold his soul to the devil, wants to bring their previous owners to life by creating some wax effigies and feeding them the souls of victims, a concept taken from voodoo. Providing all eighteen with a victim would bring about the "voodoo end of the world, when the dead shall rise, and consume all things". On the advice of Sir Wilfred, Mark and Sarah enter the waxwork at night and douse the museum with gasoline. However, Sarah is lured into the display of the Marquis de Sade, and Mark is pushed into a zombie display by the waxwork's two butlers. Mark is approached by a horde of zombies, but finds that if he does not believe in the monsters, then they do not exist and cannot harm him. Mark finds his way out of the display and into the Marquis de Sade exhibit, where he rescues Sarah, while the Marquis vows revenge. Despite Mark and Sarah's attempts to escape, Junior and Lincoln grab Mark and Sarah pull them out of sight as Gemma and James returned, Gemma gets lured into the Marquis de Sade display and James attempts to steal something from the Zombie display, as the bodies of James and Gemma reappear as wax figures, the displays are completed with the figures and their victims reanimating as evil entities. Suddenly, Sir Wilfred and a huge group of armed men "along with Mark's butler Jenkins" arrive and in the ensuing battle, several waxworks and slayers die, including Lincoln's butlers and Mark and Sarah's former friends, now evil. Mark duels with the Marquis de Sade, who is finally killed by an axe, wielded by Sarah. The reunited couple is confronted by Lincoln, who dies getting shot by Sir Wilfred and falls in a vat of boiling wax. Sir Wilfred is killed by a werewolf as Sarah and Mark manage to escape the burning waxwork with their lives and begin to walk home, not noticing that the hand from the Zombie display is scuttling away from the rubble.
tt0082377
Horror
Damien Thorn (Sam Neill), now 32 years old and head of his late uncle's international conglomerate, is appointed Ambassador to Great Britain, the same position his adoptive father held in the first film. Unlike the previous Omen films, the adult Damien is now entirely aware of his unholy lineage, and his destiny. An alignment of the stars in the Cassiopeia region of the night sky causes the generation of a 'superstar', described in the film as a second Star of Bethlehem. Thorn realizes it is a sign of the Second Coming of Christ and he orders all boys in England born on the morning of March 24, 1982 (the morning when, in the story, the Cassiopeia alignment occurred) to be killed in order to prevent the Christ-child's return to power. A subplot deals with one of Thorn's disciples, Harvey Dean, attempting to hide the fact that his own son was born at the appointed time; Dean not only fails at hiding that fact about his child from Damien, but is killed by his own hypnotized wife - likely in retaliation for refusing to go through with Damien's command to murder his son as a test of loyalty (the last child whom Damien suspects). Thorn has also become romantically involved with journalist Kate Reynolds (Lisa Harrow), a complex relationship which undermines his plans for political dominion for the time being. But Damien is not deterred from his plans and even focuses his attention on her preadolescent son Peter (Barnaby Holm), whom he takes as a disciple, partly by manipulating and exploiting the boy's internal desire to have a father-figure. Meanwhile, Father DeCarlo (Rossano Brazzi) and six other priests armed with the seven daggers of Megiddo - ancient holy weapons which are the only Earthly weapons which can harm the Antichrist - hunt Thorn in the hope of killing him before he can destroy the Christ-child. However, one by one, Damien kills off all the priests (some in horrific circumstances) until only DeCarlo survives. Finally, in spite of Thorn's efforts, DeCarlo informs Reynolds that the Christ-child is out of his reach but that, nonetheless, the task still remains to destroy Damien. In hopes of getting her son back, she (deceivingly) agrees to take him to the Christ-child in exchange for Peter. This is actually part of DeCarlo's plan to lure him into a trap where he is hoping to ambush Damien and catch him off guard, since most of his attention would be directed towards confronting Christ. The plan backfires though when Damien manages to spot DeCarlo first and in a final act of evil, Damien uses Reynolds' son - now slavishly devoted to Damien - as a human shield against the dagger. As Peter lies dying, Damien strangles the stunned Father DeCarlo. In a desperate bid to salvage his waning power, Damien calls out for Christ to appear before him. As he does, Kate sneaks up behind Damien with one of the daggers and stabs him in the back, releasing an otherworldly reverberating wail of demonic agony throughout the cathedral ruins. Christ appears before a dying Damien who then mockingly tells Christ 'Nazarene...you have won...nothing'. After Damien dies, his body is seen lying on the ground with Kate standing over it. In the foreground, a fully grown Christ carries Peter's body and hands him to Kate. The film ends with scripture of Revelation Chapter 21, Verse 4 indicating that when Christ returns to earth, peace will reign for all who faithfully awaited the Lord's return.
tt0087385
Comedy
This story sets out to prove that a smooth, magnetic young man can teach his amorous techniques to almost anyone, leading to successful and hilarious results. Three middle-aged men rent a beach house and hire a young stud to teach them how to score with the girls on the beach.
tt0087062
Action,Comedy,Crime
Kansas City 1933.Prohibition and the mobsters rule the streets.The number one crime boss is Leon Coll (Tony Lo Bianco),but Primo Pitt (Rip Torn) is determined to be top dog.One night at a cafe,Police Lieutenant Speer (Clint Eastwood) encounters his ex-partner turned Private eye Mike Murphy (Burt Reynolds) who gets into a fight with a pair of thugs.Speer's heard rumours about some dodgy dealings going on around at Murphy's agency and is convinced that the punch up had something to do with it.The next day at his office,Murphy's secetary Addy (Jane Alexander) who he and Speer have both always liked (and is possibly the reason for their feud) tells Murphy that the two thugs were in fact Repo guys.Murphy's partner Dehl Swift (Richard Roundtree) arrives flashing his money around,and Murphy becomes suspicious that his partner is up to no good. Dehl arrives at a club where his girlfriend Ginny Lee (Irene Cara) sings and gives Leon Coll's crooked book keeper $25,000 from Primo Pitt.Pitt wants all of Coll's accounts to use as evidence against him so that he can take over the streets.Ginny Lee worries that Dehl is getting in too deep when he tells her of his plan to double cross Pitt and sell Coll his books back to him for $50,000.Later at a boxing match,Speer is on a date with Addy when Dehl arrives to meet Coll.Dehl tells Coll that his book keeper betrayed him and Pitt will have enough to bring him down. Dehl goes home and Speer follows him.When Dehl arrives he finds Ginny Lee been held hostage by Pitt and his gang.Attempting to save her,Ginny Lee manages to escape but Dehl is killed.Speer kills one of the henchmen.Pitt manages to escape without been seen but without the books he wanted.At the morgue,Speer fills Murphy in on the incident.As he leaves,Coll's men pick Murphy up and tell him about the situation with Dehl and the books and that he wants them back.But it isn't long before Pitt pays him a visit as well and tells him he has his girlfriend Caroline (Madeline Kahn) hostage and that he wants the books. Speer discovers that the bullet found in Dehl's body matches the bullet from Pitt's gun and tells Murphy he wants to know Ginny Lee's whereabouts so she can testify.But Murphy secretly meets her so he can try and find out where Dehl has hidden the books.He soon realises that he had stashed them in the locker of a boxing gym.Pitt's men arrive to try and get hold of Ginny Lee but as she escapes she is hit by a car. Now in possession of the books,Murphy plans to get Caroline back but Pitt's men and Coll's men arrive at the same time and he finds himself caught up in a shootout.Speer arrives and reluctantly takes care of the situtation.Murphy tells him about Caroline,so Speer joins him at Pitt's hideout for the exchange of the books.Pitt tells them that Caroline is been held somewhere else.Murphy tells him in that in the case with the books is also some explosives.A shootout breaks out and Speer ends up killing Pitt. Speer and Murphy extract the whereabouts of Caroline from one of the thugs - at a brothel.They set out to get her back.But at the same time,Addy is taken hostage by Coll and his men at her apartment.Speer and Murphy gate crash the brothel and beat up Pitt's remaining men and rescue Caroline.As they leave,Coll drives up with Addy and tells the pair he wants the books.Addy gets out of the car and Murphy hands Coll the case with the books and explosives.As Coll and his men drive off,the car explodes. Some time later,Ginny Lee is back singing at the club and Murphy is on a date with Caroline,while Speer is dating Addy.A fight breaks out between Murphy and a few guys and after making Speer spill his drink,Speer gets him outside for a fight.The film ends with the two squaring up to each other and trading insults.
tt0095925
Fantasy,Horror
The story begins a long time ago, out in the country when a mother, and father try to protect their son from seeing what is about to happen. The relentless revenge demon, Pumpkin is perusing his victim. The man tries to get into the home but the father will not allow it. Pumpkinhead finishes what he started and the little boy, Ed Harley (Lance Henriksen) got out of bed to watch it all from his window. Now Ed is a grown man who has a young son. After six out of town kids arrive at Ed Harley's store, Pumkinhead's story is told by some local children. Shortly after,one of the six out of towners, Joel a criminal, starts to race his dirt bike. He jumps over a mound of dirt and hits Ed's young son. Because he is on probation and has been drinking, the punk gets his bike and flees the scene. He fights with his friends about going to get help and the little boy dies. When the father, Ed finds his dead son, he can think of nothing but revenge. His thoughts turn to the demon that he saw take revenge when he was a boy. He seeks the old witch that can conjure Pumpkinhead. Ed Harley follows her instructions and the huge, evil demon awakens. After Joel has taken his friends hostage to keep his wrong doings a secret, one of the girls, Maggie starts to lose her mind. She runs off and as Steve, Joel's younger brother tries to stop her. Pumpkinhead hides in the trees and strikes. As it rips Steve to shreds, Maggie runs back to the cabin for help. Joe and Jeff go looking for Steve with guns. Just then, the evil vengeance demon appears at the window. It hangs Steve's bloody body in front of the door, and as Maggie screams, Pumpkinhead grabs her and runs off. It soon returns and grabs another girl and chokes her in the top of a tree and then drops her onto a boulder and claims victim number three. The remaining three victims run looking for help. The hillbillies that live in that area know that if they help, Pumpkinhead will come for them as well. Ed Harley feels something awful every time his demon kills. He decides to help stop it and he meets the three remaining survivors. Soon, Pumpkinhead arrives and Joel and Harley unload their guns into the beast. Then, when they think it is dead, it rises and shoves Joel's rifle through his chest. Ed is bitten by a dog and Pumpkinhead feels the pain, but Ed did not notice it. Kim and Jeff run for their lives until a young hillbilly, Jimmy Joe decides to help them. Pumpkinhead pursues them through an old burned down church and grabs Jeff, wounding him badly. Wanting to stop this, Ed Harley drives around until he finds Kim and Jimmy Joe, and then takes them into his home. Soon the evil one appears, drops Jeff's body and enters the house. In a terrifying scene it goes for Jimmy Joe first. Then they all escape outside where Ed gets stuck by a pitch fork and sees that is hurting Pumpkinhead. Ed figures out that he can only kill the beast by killing himself. Jeff who is still alive, helps Kim buy some time. Just as the monster is about to kill jackass Ed shoots himself. But Ed Harley still lives. Kim shoots him and ends this forever and Pumpkinhead goes up in flames, never to be seen again. Well, until the old witch buried the remains back in it's resting place until the next time it is called upon.
tt0107507
Comedy,Mystery
Larry Lipton (Woody Allen) and his wife Carol (Diane Keaton), both in their late forties, come back from a hockey game to their apartment in Manhattan, and, in the elevator, they meet their next-door neighbors Paul (Jerry Adler) and Lilian (Lynn Cohen) House, who are both in their sixties, and whom they actually hardly know. Carol and Lilian discover they go to the same gym club, and Lilian invites Larry and Carol for a drink in her apartment. We learn that Larry work in the publishing business, and that Paul owns an old cinema, which is being redone. Carol doesn't work but she would like to open a restaurant. Even though they have been married twenty-eight years, Paul and Lilian don't have any children, but Larry and Carol have a son, who is away in college. The next night, Larry and Carol go to a movie theater with their friends Sy (Ron Rifkin) and Marilyn (Joy Behar), to watch Billy Wilder's «Double Indemnity». When they come back home, they find the Houses' door open and a crowd of neighbors gathered around the door. Lilian has just died from a heart attack. Larry and Carol are surprised by this death because Lilian seemed so healthy. A couple of days later, on their way to the Met, Larry and Carol meets Paul in the street and Carol finds Paul's cheerfulness slightly suspicious. Later in the evening, in a restaurant, she talks about it with their friends Ted (Alan Alda), Sy and Marilyn. Ted is just divorced, and Larry thinks he is in love with Carol. Carol explains that Lilian House didn't seem to have a heart condition. And Ted says that Paul could have killed her to run off with his «tootsie». But Larry is very doubtful about it, and just thinks that Paul is a strong guy, who tries to hide his true feelings. Knowing he likes sweet food, Carol makes floating islands for Paul and bring them to him. While Paul and Larry are talking in the living-room, Carol is making coffee in the kitchen and she finds a funerary urn hidden in a cupboard, seeming to refute Paul's claim that Lilian was buried. Carol becomes even more suspicious later in the night after hearing Paul leave his apartment at 1:00 a.m. She thinks that he left to dispose of the urn, but Larry tells Carol she's «inventing a mystery.» Knowing that Paul is away, Carol steals a spare key from Jack (William Addy), the super, and sneaks into Paul's apartment. The urn is missing, but she finds two plane tickets to Paris and a reservation for a Paris hotel for Paul and a woman named Helen Moss. From Paul's apartment, she calls Ted to tell him about it, but Paul unexpectedly returns, and Carol hides under the bed. She overhears a telephone conversation between Paul, calling himself Tom, and a woman whom she supposes to be Helen Moss. After Paul's departure, she leaves the apartment but realizes later that she left her eyeglasses in Paul's apartment. When she tells Larry what she's done, he is furious about it. Carol makes a chocolate mousse and brings it to Paul so that she can retrieve her glasses, but Paul finds them first, causing Larry and Carol to try awkwardly to explain why the eyeglasses were under his bed. Ted finds out where Helen Moss lives. He and Carol sit in his car outside her apartment and when she comes out, they follow her to the old cinema theatre that Paul owns. They hide inside the theatre and find out that Helen Moss (Melanie Norris) is a young, beautiful actress looking for a job. While eavesdropping on Paul and Helen, they hear the couple talking about the money they're going to get from selling the theater. Paul and Helen are interrupted by the arrival of Gladys Dalton (Marge Redmond), Paul's only assistant, who is a middle-aged woman walking with a cane. In the middle of the night, while Paul is away, Carol goes back in his apartment, taking a very frightened Larry along with her. She presses the «last number dialed» button on the telephone and someone named «Waldron» answers the phone. Larry inadvertently breaks a statuette in the bedroom, and picking up the debris, Carol finds a suspicious pair of gloves. Going out of the restaurant were they have been celebrating their son (Zack Braff) Nick's birthday, Larry and Carol meet Marcia Fox (Anjelica Huston), an author and a client of Larry. When Marcia is gone, Larry explains to Carol that he wants to «fix» Marcia with Ted, but Carol doubts it would work. Later, Carol meets Ted in a lounge for a wine-tasting party. Ted drinks a bit too much wine and confess to Carol he is in love with her. He goes away and Carol remains seated near the window, looking absently at the street, when, in a bus, she sees a woman that looks very much like the deceased Lilian House. When, back home, she tells Larry about it, Larry answers that she had certainly drunk too much wine. To please Carol, he even suggests that Lilian could have a twin. Next day, Carol goes back, with Ted, to the place where she saw the bus. Ted has been investigating and found that Lilian had a sister and a brother, but no twin. A bit further down on the street, they find a «Hotel Waldron», «Waldron» being the name Carol was given when she called the «Last Number Dialed» on Paul's telephone. Ted calls the hotel from a pay-phone, and finds there is no Mrs House and no Miss Moss staying at the hotel. Meanwhile, in a empty restaurant, Marcia is giving Larry a poker lesson. While playing, Larry tells Marcia about his feeling that Carol is having an affair with Ted. Marcia tells him he should try to involve himself in Carol's investigation despite having denounced it as foolishness. So Larry goes along with Carol to spy on the Waldron Hotel from their car and they see Lilian House entering the hotel. They question the hotel clerk (Aida Turturro) and find that Lilian is staying there under a false name. On the pretense of giving her a birthday present, they go to her room and find her dead on the floor. They rush out of the hotel and call the police, but when, a bit later, the police eventually search the room, they don't find anyone in the room, not even a dead body. Nevertheless, one of the policeman gives his business card to Larry. Much later in the evening, Larry and Carol come back to the street near the hotel and, from the street, they see a light in Lilian's room. Using the business card the police officer gave him, Larry pretends to be a policeman. The night clerk (Yanni Sfinias), who has never seen them before, let them go into Lilian's room, which they start searching for clues. And they find Lilian's wedding ring. While leaving the hotel, they get stuck in the elevator, triggering Larry's severe claustrophobia. Carol opens the emergency exit panel to escape and finds Lilian's body hidden on the roof of the elevator cabin. The lights go out, and the elevator rides down to the basement. When they exit in the back street behind the hotel, they see Paul putting a wrapped body in the trunk of his car. Carol and Larry follow him out of the city to a junk yard. Paul dumps Lilian's body on a pile of scrap metal, and it is dropped into a melting furnace with the metal. Larry and Carol are helpless and the evidence of murder is destroyed. They come back home, and as they reach their building, they see Paul coming out of it, walking slowly because he is accompanied by Gladys Dalton. He says they've been watching Madame Bovary and she confirms his alibi. Larry and Carol know that Ted is having diner with Marcia in a restaurant called Vincent's and they decide to meet them there. The four of them discuss the mystery and try to solve it. Larry remembers that, when they came home, the night of Lilian's death, the body was already covered with a sheet and they never actually saw it. Carol is also sure it was Paul they saw cremating his wife's body in the junk yard. Marcia thinks that Paul has committed the perfect murder. And she explains it : The night of the murder, they had a guest, who looked a bit like Lilian, and this guest had a heart attack. After her death, Lilian dressed her with her own clothes, and then hid somewhere in the apartment, while Paul was waiting for the doctor. When the doctor and the paramedics were gone with the body, Lilian went to the Waldron hotel under a false name. But Paul had been cheating on his wife with Helen Moss for a long time, and he decided to double-cross her and kill her, taking her share of the profits. Gladys Dalton is in love with Paul and she lied both to the police about Paul being working with her while he was killing his wife in the hotel, and to Larry and Carol about Paul watching Madame Bovary with her while he was cremating his wife in the junk yard. Carol gets a bit jealous of Marcia getting all the attention from both Larry and Ted, because of her brilliant explanation of the mystery, so acrimoniously she says Marcia has no proof about Paul being the murderer. But Marcia answers she has a plan to make Paul confess the murder. Ted owns a theater and Marcia, Larry, Carol, Ted, Sy and Marilyn use it to stage a fake audition, to which they ask Helen Moss to come. They tape-record the whole audition, and then Sy edits the tape, changing the sentences Helen said to fit in the fake dialogue they need to trap Paul. To be sure Helen won't be with Paul when they call him, Ted meets Helen in a bar to talk to her about the stage play he supposedly wants her to be part of. Meanwhile in Sy and Marilyn's apartment, Carol, Larry, Sy and Marilyn each have a small tape machine which they play in turn to give Paul, whom they are calling, the impression that he is actually getting a call from Helen. Helen's faked call suggests that «his neighbors» have his wife's body and that they want $200,000 for it. Either he pays them or he kills them. Marcia believes that Paul will try to kill them, and the police can then catch him in the attempt. After the call, Paul meets Gladys outside his office in the movie theatre. Seeing him worried, she tells him she is always available if he needs help, but he gets mad at her and tells her to stop interfering with his business. Meanwhile, in the street outside Sy and Marilyn's building, Carol is getting mad at Larry, whom she accuses of being in love with Marcia. She eventually tells him she feels like being alone for a while and she walks away. A bit later, as scheduled by Marcia, Larry calls Paul from a pay phone, telling him he has a «package» that is going to cost him $200,000. But what he doesn't know is that Paul has kidnapped Carol. And Paul answers that he also has a package for him, and, to prove it, he gets Carol on the phone. He then asks Paul to bring Lilian's body to the movie theater. Larry goes to the theater with a dummy in the trunk of his car. When he sees it, Paul gets mad and the two men start fighting on the parking lot of the theatre, but Larry breaks away from Paul and rushes into the theatre. He starts searching for Carol, but becomes disoriented by an array of mirrors behind the theater screen, mirrors which are reflecting the movie being played (Orson Welles's «The Lady from Shanghai»). Paul stalks him with his gun in hand, but he is shot by Gladys, who doesn't want Paul to drop her for Helen. Meanwhile, Larry rescues Carol and they call the police. They're both in love with each other again. Later, Marcia explains to Ted what exactly happened. The dead body in the apartment was Lilian's rich sister, who bore a strong resemblance with Lilian. The sister had a heart attack while having dinner with them, and the Houses took advantage of the situation. Lilian ran away from the apartment to hide at the hotel Waldron under a false name while Paul was showing the doctor his dead «wife». Pretending to be her sister, Lilian changed her sister's will naming Lilian and Paul as her sole beneficiaries. But Paul double-crossed her, killed her and cremated her, so he could run off with Helen. Gladys covered for him, because she was in love with him, but without knowing he actually was a murderer. Marcia and Ted are starting a romantic relation, and Larry and Carol are acting as a couple of young lovers !
tt0077578
Comedy,Mystery,Thriller
Gloria Mundy (Goldie Hawn) is attending a party in a town across the bay from San Francisco. From a conversation with a friend we learn that she is recently divorced and is shying away from dating men to avoid getting her heart broken again. Her friend urges her to become more social and for a few seconds she considers getting to know a stranger at the party played by Chevy Chase. Deciding he is a klutz and a bore she drives back to the city alone. As the opening credits roll we see her driving down the gorgeous Marlin County coastline in her yellow VW convertible as Barry Manilow sings the song "Ready to Take a Chance Again." When Gloria passes a handsome stranded stranger with broken down car, she decides to take a chance and pulls over to help. The stranger, Bob Scott (Bruce Solomon) asks her to drive him back to the city. On the way Scott notices that they are being followed by a black limo and decides to slip a cigarette pack, containing a spool of film, into Gloria's purse asking her to meet him at a movie theater later that evening. When she drops him off, we see two men jump from the limo and pursue him. When Scott finally reaches the movie theater, he sits down and we see he is hurt and bleeding badly. He dies shortly after whispering to Gloria "Beware of the dwarf!" She runs from the theater and gets the manager, but by the time they get back to her seat, the body is gone. Gloria tells this story to her elderly landlord Mr. Hennessey (Burgess Meredith), a retired anthropologist who keeps a ten foot snake as a pet, then heads upstairs to go to bed. The next day when she goes to work at the public library she also tells this story to her girlfriend, Stella, (Marilyn Sokol) who is convinced the whole thing is a hoax by a sex-crazed man, and insists the Gloria protect herself by carrying a portable alarm and a can of mace in her purse. As she is closing up the library that evening Gloria finds herself alone with an albino stranger (William Frankfather) who tries to kidnap her. She flees the building with the albino and another swarthy character, The Turk (Ion Teodorescu) in pursuit. Running into a bar she picks up Stanley Tibbets (Dudley Moore) and without telling him whats going on, asks him to take her to his apartment. There, Stanley misreads her intentions and prepares for a wild evening of sex, while she is distracted watching her pursuers out the window. When she finally turns around and sees Stanley in his underwear she is shocked and he is embarrassed. She heads home while Stanley mutters his apologies. Gloria is later assaulted at her apartment by a man with a scar on his face (Don Calfa), who demands she give him whatever was passed to her by Scott. He takes the cigarettes, and then attempts to strangle Gloria, but she stabs him with a pair of knitting needles (The cigarettes fall out of his pocket and lay hidden under a plant). Thinking she has killed him she calls the police, but as she turns around he is up again staggering toward her with murderous intent. The albino suddenly appears at the window and uses a throwing knife to kill the man with the scar and Gloria faints. She awakes to see the face of Chevy Chase's character, who we find is police Lt. Tony Carlson. Gloria tells him her story, but again the body has disappeared. Carlson's partner, Fergie, (Brian Dennehy) thinks she is nuts, but Tony is attracted to her and invites her to the station during her lunch hour. When she leaves the library to meet Tony for lunch she is kidnapped by the albino and the Turk. Waking up locked in a room she uses the portable alarm to get the Turk into the room and then maces him. She then climbs down the fire escape in the pouring rain and jumps to safely. Later she shows up at Tony's office, soaked to the skin and he takes her home. The next day Tony and Fergie check out the room where Gloria was held and find out that it was rented to someone named "Stiltskin." When Tony gets back to police headquarters he is informed that Stiltskin is the name of an assassin whose nickname is the "The Dwarf" and Scott was working undercover trying to find the name of the target. Suddenly Gloria's strange story makes sense and Tony heads out to her apartment to make sure she is okay. In the meanwhile Gloria has a visit from salesman J.J. MacKuen (Billy Barty). As he is a midget, she is terrified and misunderstanding his offer to connect her with eternity pushes him out the window, where he falls into a trash barrel and goes rolling down the hilly San Francisco street. When Tony arrives they open MacKuen's case to find he was an innocent Bible salesman. Gloria, Tony and Fergie head out to the residence of Archbishop Thorncrest, whose limo has been identified as the one used in kidnapping Gloria. The Archbishop (Eugene Roche) and his assistant Delia Darrow (Rachel Roberts), are busy preparing for a visit by the Pope and claim the car has been missing, taken by the chauffer, The Turk. When Gloria and party leave we find out that the Archbishop has been replaced by his identical brother. He and Darrow, Stiltskin, the albino and the Turk are part of an anti-religious conspiracy to kill the Pope. To keep Gloria safe Tony takes her to his house overnight: a fancy houseboat in Sausalito where they become romantically involved. The next day he takes Gloria home where Fergie is supposed to keep an eye on her while Tony heads out to look at where they found scarface's body. Fergie never shows up at Gloria's but she gets a mysterious call from him asking her to meet him at a deserted building next to a "massage" parlor. Stiltskin (Marc Lawrence) and company have kidnapped Fergie and forced him to make the call to trap Gloria. At the last moment Fergie yells a warning and Gloria escapes into the massage parlor hiding in one of the rooms where she again runs into Stanley. Stanley is mortified, but Gloria begs him to call the police and have the house raided. He finally does this, but Gloria is captured anyway while Stanley is hauled off to the police station. When Gloria and Fergie disappear, Tony decides to search the Archbishop's house with the help of Mr. Hennessey. Tony finds Fergie in the basement and a fight erupts between him and Stiltskin were Stiltskin is killed. Tony is captured and taken upstairs where he is tied up with Gloria. The archbishop imposter informs them that even with Stilskin dead, the albino, the backup assassin, will do the job by shooting the Pope from one of the organ bays during that evening's opera. Mr. Hennessey suddenly attacks and the archbishop imposter is knocked cold as a martial arts contest unfolds between the elderly Hennessey and the middle-aged Delia Darrow with the tied up Tony and Gloria watching. Hennessey finally wins and Tony and Gloria are released to make a hair raising race across the city (wrecking several vehicles in the process) to the opera house. They check the first organ bay and it seems empty, so Tony leaves Gloria there while he and the other police leave to check the other side. The albino comes out from where he has been hiding, however, and kidnaps Gloria, dragging her up into the catwalks above the stage while the opera continues below. The albino manages to shoot a pursuing policeman who tumbles over the edge and gets caught in the rigging of a sailing ship "flying" setpiece in the rafters of the theater. The albino is then shot by Tony, falls and is caught in the same way. The set suddenly drops down out of the ceiling at the end of the opera with the two dead men caught in the rigging. The whole theater sits in shock at this until the Pope, apparently thinking this is the way the opera is supposed to end, starts clapping and everybody else joins in. Tony and Gloria find each other and embrace while the crowd cheers. Down the orchestra pit we see the conductor is Stanley, who blanches at seeing Gloria, and slips on a pair of sunglasses hoping to avoid another embarrassing encounter with her.
tt0081114
Drama,Horror,Thriller
A young couple are lying on a beach, being watched by an unseen man lurking on the dunes. The woman asks the man to fetch some wood for their fire. While he is gone, the unseen man approaches the woman and suddenly slits her throat with a razor. After gathering some driftwood from the surf, the guy returns to the campfire where the killer attacks him from behind and wraps wire around his neck and pulls, practically decapitating him. Sometime later, the killer, Frank Zito (Joe Spinell) sits up in his bed screaming. He lives in a small, one-room apartment which is full of bizarre paintings and artwork. There is a framed picture of a woman in a corner of the room decorated with candles and trinkets. There are a few mannequins in the apartment, one of which, wearing the beach girl's clothes and bloody scalp, is lying on the bed beside him. Frank takes off his pajama top and examines some old scars on his chest. He dresses, puts on a heavy winter coat, cloves, takes a gym bag, and leaves into the cold winter night of New York City. Somewhere in downtown Manhattan, Frank passes by a seedy hotel where two prostitutes are standing outside and one of them asks him if he would like a date. The two of them go inside and Frank checks into a room. In the room, Frank asks the woman if she ever modeled and tells her to show him some poses like the models in the fashion magazines. After she dances a little bit, the hooker and Frank kiss, and she relaxes him after he stops. When they resume kissing, Frank suddenly becomes angry and begins choking her until she is dead. He gets sick and throws up in the nearby bathroom and begins crying and asking "why did you make me do that?" In a very gory and nauseating sequence, Frank pulls out a utility razor and, very slowly and carefully, scalps the woman. Frank then goes home to his seedy apartment building somewhere in the Brooklyn region of New York. He is carrying a new mannequin to his basement apartment, and tells a passing tenant coming from the building that he is Christmas shopping. In his small one-room apartment, Frank wraps the plastic folding off the new mannequin, puts on the hooker's bloody clothes, and nails the bloody scalp to the mannequin's head, while hearing his own voice telling him that beautiful women whose beauty are crimes punishable by death. Frank pauses and looks at a newspaper headline detailing about the murdered couple at the beach. Sometime later, Frank dresses up to go out again, this time as a hunter. He disassembles a double-barreled 12-gauge shotgun in a violin case, with some buckshot shells and the utility razor. He puts on his gloves, winter coat, and he tells the mannequins in the room that he will "be right back". Driving around the nighttime Brooklyn and the Queens area in his beat-up Buick Electra, Frank spots a couple outside a local disco getting into a car and driving off. The man (Tom Savini) and woman park in a lot beside the Brooklyn side of the Verrazano Bridge overlooking the narrows towards Staten Island. The woman from the disco wants to go home, but her pick-up date wants her to stay and view the sight. Frank pulls up near the couple's car, gets out and begins to spy on them as they climb into the back seat to make out with each other. The disco woman stops when she sees Frank by the car window. Upset, she asks the disco man to drive her home. The man climbs in the front seat, starts the car and turns on the headlights and Frank is standing right in front of them. He jumps on the hood of the car, and fires the shotgun through the windshield at the man literally blowing his head apart. The woman ducks in the back seat of the car as Frank approaches, points his shotgun at the woman and fires. Later, Frank is back in his room with another mannequin made to look like the murdered disco woman as he watches a TV news report about the latest double murder. Frank begins talking to himself and the other mannequins. He mentions stopping the fancy girls and he says they must stop or "they'll take you away from me". Frank then goes to bed and cries himself to sleep. In Central Park the next day, Frank is walking around when he stops a little girl riding on a bicycle near a playground who accidentally rides into him. He sees a woman (Caroline Munro) in the distance snapping a photo of him beside the little girl. Frank follows the woman, pauses to take a sneak peak at her bag and sees her name and address. The woman is Anna D'Antoni. Frank then walks off. Later that night, two nurses are leaving the Roosevelt Hospital after their shift and one of them mentions about a killer being on the loose. One of the nurses is picked up by her boyfriend, leaving the other nurse alone outside the hospital. Frank, standing nearby from across the street, begins to follow the nurse. She soon realizes that he is following her and she ducks into a nearby subway station. She gets through the gate, but when she arrives on the platform, the train leaves without her. Seeing Frank approaching, she runs and into a nearby restroom and hides in a stall. Frank walks inside, looks around, and after a minute of tense silence, leaves. The nurse comes out of hiding, looks around the empty and silent bathroom and calms down a bit. Happy that she is okay, the nurse walks to a sink to wash the sweat off her face but when she looks back up, Frank appears standing behind her and stabs her in the back with a bayonet, killing her. Frank washes the blood off the blade. Frank now has another mannequin resembling the nurse as he decorates up the figure while he is play-acting as a hairdresser. Some days later, Anna is in her darkroom of her apartment developing the photographs she took of Frank when the doorbell rings. Frank is at the door and tells her that he's the man whom she took his photograph in the park. Anna lets him in and they begin to talk about Anna's work as a photographer. He notes that all her models are women, and she tells him that she hopes to sell some of her photographs of the models. Frank tells her that she should keep them to preserve their beauty (it is implied, but never fully explained, that Anna might be a lesbian or bisexual due to her appearance and nature of her photography work). Frank asks Anna out to dinner, and she accepts. During dinner, Frank shows Anna a small photo of his mother in which he tells her that he and his mother lived in Queens until she died several years ago in an automobile accident. Anna reveals that she is from Italy but has done photography work mostly in England. Frank asks Anna if she would like to go out with him again and she invites him to an art gallery show for her photographs on Thursday. Another few days later, Frank arrives at a studio where Anna is taking photos of three models at a photography session. After taking a break, Frank gives Anna a teddy bear as a gift and she introduces him to one of the models named Rita. Anna and Rita go back to shooting, and Frank eyes the two women casually talking and holding hands together (again implying, but not fully revealing, that Anna and Rita's friendship is more then that). Frank impulsively steals a gold necklace that Rita set aside and leaves. Later that evening, Rita arrives home at her West End Avenue apartment, looks through her mail, and begins to run bathtub water to take a bath. Rita answers a buzzing at the front door and it is Frank who returns her necklace (claiming that he found it at the studio). With Rita distracted for a second, Frank slyly pushes in the door's lock, and leaves. Rita goes into the bathroom to take her bath. A little later, Rita is making tea for herself when she is grabbed by Frank who jumps out of a closet. When Rita wakes up, she finds herself gagged and tied to her bed. Frank then rambles at Rita saying that her hair is different, but he knew he could find her. He begins talking to her about abuse and leaving him, implying that he is talking to his mother. He tells Rita that he is going to keep her so she will never go away again. Frank then pulls out a switchblade knife and after a minute, stabs Rita in the chest, killing her. Frank then begins to scalp her as well and adds her hair and bathrobe as another trophy to his growing number of mannequins he keeps in his apartment. In his apartment, Frank sits in front of the woman's picture, which is his late mother, and talks about hiding in the closet when his mother said so. Some days later, Frank calls Anna and invites her to a show and picks her up. Anna thanks Frank for sending flowers and attending Rita's funeral. Frank drives Anna to a cemetery and says that he wants to put a reef of flowers on his mother's grave which she died on Christmas Day. At the cemetery, Frank lays the reef beside the headstone of his mother, Carmen Zito, and begins to cry. He says that Rita knew about him and he suddenly grabs Anna by the neck. Anna hits him and runs, and Frank chases her through the cemetery. Anna wounds Frank by jumping out from behind a gravestone and hits him in his left arm with a shovel and flees out of the cemetery. Frank screams out in pain and calls out "Mother!" Frank then begins to hear voices in his head and the voice of a young Frank. He is pleading with his mother not to lock him up in the closet. It is fully revealed here that Frank was abused and neglected by his own mother, leading him to go on this killing spree. Frank returns to his mother's grave and kneels at the headstone crying again until suddenly the rotting corpse of his mother bursts out of the ground and grabs him (shades of the movie 'Carrie'). But it was all just a hallucination, and Frank sits back alone at the grave and cries some more. Frank goes home to his apartment and lies on his bed with his wounded arm crying over his mother. As he looks around the room, the mannequins suddenly turn into the bloodied murdered women they represent and they all approach Frank with weapons they pick up off his table. In the most goriest and horrific scene, the mannequins/zombies attack him, one stabbing him in the stomach with the bayonet, one chops off his right arm with a machete, and two of them literally rip off his head from his body in a ghastly flow of blood and gore, splattering all over everything. The next morning, a police car arrives outside the apartment building where Frank lives. Two plainclothes police officers, having obviously been called upon by Anna, get out, pull out guns, and burst into Frank's apartment. They find Frank lifeless on his bed (with only a knife in his bloody stomach), with all the mannequins standing around the room. Apparently the whole supernatural event was nothing but Frank's horrible nightmare which resulted in him committing suicide. The two cops leave the room, and Frank continues to lie motionless on his bed... then his eyes open...
tt0075765
Adventure,Crime,Drama
On November 12, 1975, Dahlia Iyad (Marthe Keller) arrives at the airport in Beirut, Lebanon. Taking a taxi into town, she walks through narrow alleys and bazaars, then slips into the back seat of a waiting car. The vehicle takes her to a gated compound, where she meets Nageeb (Victor Campos), a Palestinian co-conspirator. He shows her a secret film of an American prisoner of war named Mike Lander (Bruce Dern) confessing his war crimes to his North Vietnamese captors. Nageeb admonishes Dahlia that she's built an upcoming mission around Lander who is obviously unstable, but Dahlia insists she can control him. Dahlia tells Nageeb to destroy the film because it could compromise her mission. Confident that her plan will succeed, Dahlia records an audio statement on behalf of her guerrilla group, Black September, telling the American people that it's time for them to pay for aiding Israel's repression of the Palestinians. That night, Israeli commando Major David Kabakov (Robert Shaw) leads a strike team against the compound. When Kalakov enters Nageeb's room and kills him, he finds Dahlia taking a shower in the adjoining bathroom; however, he assumes she's Nageeb's mistress or a local prostitute and doesn't shoot her. Kabakov's men gather evidence, including Dahlia's tape recorder, and escape the compound before blowing it up. On November 14, Mike Lander is piloting a Goodyear blimp above a football game at the Coliseum in Los Angeles, California. The head of the television crew is angry because Lander can't get the blimp and its overhead camera in the right spot. But Lander brushes him off, knowing that no other pilot would even try to fly a dirigible in the high winds that day. On November 17, in Washington, D.C., F.B.I. agent Sam Corley (Fritz Weaver) is called to the Israeli embassy to hear Dahlia's tape. Kabakov tells Corley that Dahlia's wording indicates that Dahlia's message was not a warning but rather a justification to be heard after a planned terrorist attack. He suspects the attack is planned for January. Kabakov recognizes Dahlia as the woman he saw in the shower, but he has no idea who she is. Meanwhile, Dahlia goes to Lander's apartment in Los Angeles. Lander is an emotional wreck because Dahlia hasn't contacted him in three days and he thinks she's betrayed him. Dahlia calms him with a gift-a statuette of the Madonna made of an explosive compound that he needs for his project. Dahlia encourages Lander to pull himself together and go to his Veteran's Administration rehabilitation meeting, so that he won't lose his piloting job with Goodyear. Later that day, at the V.A., Lander reveals his bitterness. Despite his heroism and years as a P.O.W. in Vietnam, the Navy turned his wife against him and took away his commission. On the night of November 23, Lander and Dahlia unload wooden crates from a freighter in the Long Beach harbor when a Coast Guard cutter approaches. Since Lander's speedboat is faster and smaller, he's able to evade them by running under a low bridge, but the Coast Guard reports the clandestine activity to the F.B.I. The freighter captain tells Corley that he knows nothing about the incident, but when Kabakov and fellow Israeli agent Robert Moshevsky (Steven Keats) sneak aboard the ship that night and threaten to slit the captain's throat, he confesses that his crew delivered 12 crates to a man and a woman in masks. Just then, the phone rings, and when the captain answers it, the receiver explodes, killing the captain and injuring Kabakov. When Dahlia sees Kabakov on television being carried into the emergency room of a local hospital, she disguises herself as a Catholic nurse, breaks into the hospital drug room and fills a syringe with potassium chloride. However, Moshevsky spots her before she can get into Kabakov's room and demands that she accompany him downstairs to the nurses' station for identification. On the elevator Dahlia jabs the needle into his neck and kills him. As soon as Kabakov gets out of the hospital, he goes to the office of Muzi (Michael V. Gazzo), the local importer in charge of Lander and Dahlia's shipment. Holding Muzi at gunpoint, Kabakov learns that the shipment was plastic explosives, the woman called herself "Kaza" and the man who paid him was an Egyptian in Tripoli named Mamud al Bernardi. On December 3 , Lander and Dahlia land a small plane at a desolate Mojave Desert airstrip to test an explosive device he's designed for the mission. Lander gains the confidence of the airstrip's sole caretaker and kills him by firing off hundreds of "steel rifle darts"-pieces of shrapnel-in one symmetrical blast. Ecstatic with his success, Lander tells Dahlia that 200,000 darts could cause significant damage if they were detonated 100 feet above the fifty-yard line of a football game from the Goodyear blimp. Back in Washington, D.C., Kabakov has a secret rendezvous near the Lincoln Memorial with an old intelligence rival, Egyptian Colonel Riaf (Walter Gotel), and convinces him that it's in both of their interests that he find out who Kaza is. When the men meet again days later, Riaf has a photograph of Kaza and reveals that her real name is Dahlia Iyad. Riaf explains that Dahlia was born in Haifa (then Palestine) to an Arab father and German mother, and Israeli commandos killed the men of her family and forced her mother, sister and Dahlia into refugee camps, where only Dahlia survived. A few days later, Dahlia hauls a speedboat-shaped trailer into Miami, Florida, and parks it in a locked storage area. When she checks into the downtown Hotel Edward, Palestinian agent Mohammed Fasil (Bekim Fehmiu) greets her with news that the Israelis have found out who she is. Although Fasil wants her to abort the mission and go into hiding, she refuses, insisting it's already too far along. On January 1, 1976, Corley and Kabakov are alerted that Dahlia has been spotted in Miami, but by the time they arrive, she has already driven back to Los Angeles and only Fasil is at the hotel. Before F.B.I. agents can apprehend Fasil, he shoots his way out and wages a running gun battle through the city until Kabakov kills him on the beach. When Kabakov and Corley search Fasil's hotel room, the commando holds up a magazine with the Miami Orange Bowl on the cover. The two hurry to the Orange Bowl and try to convince stadium authorities that they need to cancel the upcoming Super Bowl X football game to be held on January 18, but the authorities refuse and claim that the President has arranged to be at the event. Although security is enhanced and all flights over Miami during the Super Bowl are canceled, police helicopters and the Goodyear blimp are allowed to fly overhead. On January 17, the day before the game, Lander's mission is stymied when Goodyear replaces him with another pilot named Farley (Tom McFadden). Assuring Lander that he needn't worry, Dahlia goes to Farley's hotel room, kills him and puts a "Do Not Disturb" sign on his door. The next morning on January 18, Lander joins his crew and tells them that Farley is sick. At the airfield, the men prepare the blimp, lift off and head for the stadium. During the game, Lander starts a fire in one of the engines, which provides him with an excuse to hurry the blimp back to the field and fix it. Dahlia is waiting there with the trailer and helps to hook up Lander's contraption to the underbelly of the blimp's gondola, claiming it's a last-minute request from CBS-TV. However, one of the television crewmen becomes suspicious and runs back to the CBS remote trailer. Lander follows the man and shoots him. Meanwhile, the police find Farley's body at the hotel and alert the authorities that the blimp is the terrorists' weapon. Lander and Dahlia use automatic weapons to kill the men on the blimp airfield, including several policemen and an F.B.I. man, then head back toward the stadium, dumping the gondola's equipment to offset the added weight of the shrapnel. Kabakov and Corley commandeer a police helicopter and follow them, using the gondola's limited visibility beneath the blimp to avoid detection. Lander pilots the blimp with the bomb towards the Orange Bowl stadium while Dahlia provides covering fire as she opens fire and shoots down a police helicopter, and forces unarmed civilian media helicopters to back away. Dahlia opens fire on the helicopter containing Kabakov and Corley when it comes into view, slightly wounding Corley when he tries shooting at the blimp with a rifle. As Kabakov and Corley swoop down next to the gondola for another pass, Kabakov opens fire with his sub-machine gun, killing Dahlia and wounding Lander, but it's too late to stop the blimp. Using the helicopter's cargo hook line, Kabakov slides down onto one of the blimp's rear tails and connects it to the helicopter in time to pull the dirigible away from inside the stadium and toward the nearby ocean. In his final moments, Lander lights a backup fuse to detonate the bomb. Moments after the helicopter lifts Kabakov free from the blimp, Lander's invention explodes in a ball of fire, spraying the ocean surface with shrapnel. With 80,000 lives saved, the helicopter flies back toward Miami.
tt0087507
Comedy,Crime
The year is 1935 (where a car smashes down the title caption in the first of several sight gags throughout the movie). A pet shop owner catches a young boy shoplifting a puppy. To discourage the kid from a life of crime, the owner tells a story.... The year is 1910. Young Johnny Kelly (Byron Thames) is a poor but honest newsboy in New York City. Johnny beats up Danny Vermin (Georg Olden) in self defense and discovers his mom needs an operation they cannot afford. Since the execution of Johnny's father, Killer Kelly, his widow, Ma Kelly (Maureen Stapleton), has supported Johnny and his younger brother, Tommy, who is fascinated by the law. Johnny's fight with Vermin attracted the notice of local crime boss Jocko Dundee (Peter Boyle), and Johnny, seeing no honest way to earn the money for his mom's operation, sees no choice than to do a job for Dundee, even though it probably means breaking the law, and in doing so, "breaking his mother's heart". He helps Dundee rob the nightclub belonging to Dundee's rival, Roman Moronie (Richard Dimitri). When asked his name, Johnny coins the name, "Johnny Dangerously", but Moronie, a malapropist of swearwords, never "forgets a fargin face." Several years pass by. With his mom's continuing medical problems, the adult Johnny (Michael Keaton) goes to work for the Dundee gang full time. He becomes a suave young man, with plenty of folding cash. The whole neighborhood, including the local Pope (Dom DeLuise) knows that Kelly is really Johnny Dangerously, but Johnny's secret identity is carefully concealed from his brother and mother. They think he is a law-abiding nightclub owner. Similarly, the gang knows nothing of Johnny's mother and brother. Tommy (Griffin Dunne as an adult) is now in law school, with a girlfriend, and somewhat of a prighe wants to drop out of law school so he can get a job, marry his girlfriend, and "get laid." With the assistance of a public health film ("Your Testicles and YOU"), Johnny gets him to go back to law school. Johnny comes to Dundee's headquartershe is still involved in a running feud with Moronie find he has taken on two new gang members: Danny Vermin (Joe Piscopo as an adult), and his sidekick Dutch. Danny has lived up to his potential and become a total scumbag, with a taste for using opera audiences as shooting galleries with his .88 Magnum pistol. Moronie, subtle as always, sends a robot with a machine gun to try to knock off the gang. He is not successful, and Johnny retaliates by knocking down Moronie's club (which was in need of expansion anyway) with a bomb dropped from a biplane. The two gangs go to war. In the meantime, Johnny falls for a young showgirl new to the big city, Lil Sheridan (Marilu Henner), who, when she meets Johnny for the first time, asks him, "Do you know your last name is an adverb?". They go for a long walk together, ending in sexual fireworks. The gang war continues. Moronie sends a plumber to plant explosives in Dundee's toilet. Dundee has a narrow escape, and he retires in Johnny's favor. Johnny negotiates a truce with Moronie. (Note: another running gag has Ray Walston playing the owner of a news stand who repeatedly gets knocked out when he is hit on the head by a pile of newspapers being flung from the back of a delivery truck. He temporarily loses one of his primary senses whenever he comes to. At various points throughout the movie, his character alternates between blindness, deafness, and amnesia.) Meanwhile, Tommy graduates from law school (Johnny's illicit earnings, of course, have paid for the tuition). Despite Johnny's efforts to steer him into a law firm, he goes to work for the District Attorney's office. A bit miffed that his money should be used to train a crimefighter, Johnny is nevertheless not worried for the Chief District Attorney Burr (Danny DeVito) is on his payroll. The D.A. tries to sidetrack Tommy, but he becomes a major public figure. After he holds hearings looking into Moronie's activities, the rival crime boss is deported to Sweden despite his protests that he's "not from there." Against Johnny's orders, Burr and Vermin conspire to kill Tommy. Tommy is badly injured, but survives. Divining the truth, Johnny has Burr killed, but this leaves Tommy as the new D.A. Tommy recovers, and weds his girlfriend. Vermin discovers that Dangerously is the D.A.'s brotherand Tommy promptly overhears Vermin chortling about it. Tommy confronts Johnny, who agrees to quit the life of crime. The gang, though, is not as eager and suggests Johnny may be turning state's evidence against them. Johnny denies this, and goes to turn the evidence against himself to the Crime Commissioner who Vermin has just killed, under circumstances that suggest Johnny is the killer. Not only that, Vermin steals Johnny's prized bubble gum case (formerly Dundee's cigarette case). Johnny is arrested for murder, but says he is innocent and the holder of the case is the guilty party. Tommy tries the case against him. Johnny is found guilty, sentenced to the electric chair and sent to death row. But when Vermin congratulates Tommy, and Tommy notices that he has Johnny's case, he realizes Johnny is innocent. Ma Kelly sucker punches Vermin in the crotch, and the cigarette case drops out of the stricken mobster's pocket. Ma Kelly and Tommy realize that "Johnny didn't do it." Meanwhile, his mom is using her contacts to investigate the murder. She finds the cleaning lady who is a witness to Vermin's presence. When Tommy hits Vermin with a grand jury subpoena, Vermin knows that he must kill Tommy. Johnny arrives on Death Row, where he receives rock star treatment from the starstruck warden. He receives word of Tommy's danger, and plots an escape, prevailing on the warden to move up his execution. As he is taken to the chair, Johnny assembles what looks like a tommy gun from parts handed to him by inmates. He escapes in a laundry truck driven by Lil. Johnny, through a wild and hilarious car chase, arrives at the theater where Tommy is to be killed. He shoots and wounds Vermin, saving Tommy. The governor pardons Johnny as Vermin is arrested. Back to 1935. The young shoplifter is round eyed. Having taken in the lesson that crime does not pay, he is given a kitten by the owner whom is Johnny Kelly, a law abiding pet shop owner. Johnny says "Crime doesn't pay." The kid goes on his way. Johnny, slips off his workclothes and is now dressed in a tux. He heads off in a riotous limo with Lil Sheridan where he has the last line: "Well... it paid a little!"
tt0081529
Action,Comedy
Big Enos Burdett (Pat McCormick) is attempting to be elected as Governor of Texas against other candidate, John Coen (David Huddleson). After a figurative and literal "mudslinging" between the two, they are both confronted by the outgoing governor, and given a thorough tongue lashing. As Burdett is leaving the office he overhears the governor yelling at an assistant to take responsibility of transporting a crate of unknown content from Miami to the Republican Party convention in Dallas. Burdett then schemes to pick up the crate and deliver it to the convention. He enlists the help of Bandit (Burt Reynolds) and Cledus (Jerry Reed) to carry out the task. The early parts of the film feature Cledus attempting to convince the Bandit to "do it one last time." Unfortunately, in the time since their previous challenge in the original 'Smokey and the Bandit' film, the Bandit has split from his love-interest "Frog" (Sally Field) and become an alcoholic. The Bandit is said to be "the only man in the world to drink up a Trans Am,". Cledus seeks the help of Frog to encourage the Bandit to sober up and regain his fitness, since Big Enos has raised the stakes of the game to $400,000. Frog abandons her second attempt at wedding Buford T. Justice's son Junior (Mike Henry) to help. She is initially persuaded more by the money than her love for Bandit. She buys him a 1980 Turbo Trans Am "Son of Trigger"... powered by the Turbo 301, by trading in Junior's car. The middle sections of the film feature a madcap race across the United States as the trio once again tries to outrun and outwit Sheriff Justice (Jackie Gleason) and Junior. The team discovers that their cargo is in quarantine for three weeks, and they need to get it to Dallas in three days. When they break into the quarantine area to steal the crate, the mysterious cargo turns out to be an elephant (the mascot of the Republican Party) who they named Charlotte after Snowman remarked that she reminded him of his Aunt Charlotte and even smelled like her, too. When Cledus opens the crate containing the elephant, Charlotte races out, nearly trampling Frog. The Bandit saves the day by doing a backflip onto the elephant's back and riding the elephant out of the quarantine shed. Noticing a splinter was stuck in her foot, the Bandit removes it, and the elephant takes a shine to Bandit. On their way to Dallas, Cledus fears Charlotte is in poor health. They find an Italian doctor, played by Dom DeLuise, in the back of an ambulance stopped at the same gas station as they are. When the doctor, a gynecologist by trade, finds out it is an elephant he has to look at, he freaks out and nearly runs away. As the doctor attempts to refuse helping them, he sees his driver speed away in the ambulance, leaving him stranded. After the Bandit and Cledus bribe him with large amounts of money he gives in and agrees to ride in the truck with the elephant and examine her. Charlotte is later discovered to be pregnant, and eventually gives birth later in the film. As they try to make the Burdett's deadline, the doctor pleads with the Bandit for some time off the road so Charlotte can rest off of her feet. He reluctantly gives in twice, the first time wrapped up by Charlotte, the second time agrees on his own, Frog citing Bandit's desire to regain his lost fame of the past. She grows closer to him as she did in the past film. While at a restaurant, she sees him scribbling on a napkin a picture of Charlotte cradled by suspended netting in order to keep her off of her feet. She becomes furious and leaves. The Bandit follows and she says he does not care about the elephant and when he likes himself again would she then consider seeing him again. He later makes his drawing a reality, in a near drunken stupor. The doctor agrees the idea will work and agrees to press on. Unable to stop the Bandit and Cledus, Justice enlists the help of his two brothers, Reginald Van Justice from Canada, and Gaylord Justice (both also played by Jackie Gleason), from another part of Texas. Justice lures the Bandit into a valley, with a line of Mounties on one hill side, Texas Rangers on the other. Bandit orders Cledus to continue delivering Charlotte to Dallas. Cledus later returns, with a convoy of trucks to help destroy all of the police cars. Charlotte and the doctor watch the action from afar. After the mass destruction of police cars, only Buford, Gaylord, and Reginald come out relatively unscathed. Bandit and Cledus escape the valley by driving across a bridge of tractor trailers. As the Justice's follow, a trailer pulls out resulting in their cars falling down and being destroyed. However, Buford's car is still operable, though folded up in the middle and missing its doors and roof. Justice and Junior are cut off by a farm tractor, and they drive off the road, hitting an embankment by a pond, throwing Junior into the pond. When asked what he was thinking about, Buford simply says, "Retiring." The movie closes with Bandit informing Frog he liked himself again, that he didn't want to spend the rest of his life without her. When she asks about Burdett's bet, he informs her he blew it, and said they could still get there nonetheless, late though. He shows her Charlotte and her baby in circus-like chariots. Frog is overjoyed. Bandit asks Charlotte if it is OK to marry Frog, to which Charlotte responds loudly. They drive away with Charlotte and her baby in tow... and Buford still pursuing them in a bus.
tt0086429
Drama
It is a typical morning in the Wetherly house. Carol is trying to get her three children (Brad, Mary Liz, and Scottie) up and ready for school. Her husband Tom and older son Brad go on a quick bike ride. Tom is rather critical of Brad, especially when his son is unable to reach the top of a steep hill. On the way home they greet an elderly neighbor, Henry Abhart, and Mike, the owner of a gas station. Mike has a special needs son, Hiroshi, who sometimes goes fishing with the Wetherlys. Carol is helping to direct a play at the elementary school. Since their California town is named Hamlin, the children are putting on "The Pied Piper of Hamelin." Mary Liz provides a piano accompaniment and Scottie plays a little crippled boy. That night, Carol is unable to sleep. She wakes Tom, worried about what to get Brad for his thirteenth birthday. Tom sleepily reminds her that it isn't for another two months. They discuss how fast Brad is growing up and Carol decides to start keeping a diary. The next afternoon, the children are watching TV in the living room. Carol is listening to the answering machine messages. There is one from her mother in Chicago. Tom is in San Francisco on a business trip. He leaves two messages; one that he will be home for dinner and another one stating that he won't be able to make it after all. The TV picture is fuzzy and Brad fusses with the antenna. The telephone rings and Carol answers but the call is apparently lost. Suddenly the program is interrupted by a special report. Bombs are falling up and down the east coast and in other locations, including nearby San Francisco. Citizens are urged to stay off the telephones as the lines must be kept open for official use. Stay tuned for a message from the White House. Just then the TV goes off completely and loud sirens are heard. A bright light is seen outside. Carol screams for the children to get on the floor and cover their eyes. After the sirens and light are gone, people begin venturing outside their homes. A child is heard crying. Everyone is asking what happened. Later most of the neighbors gather at the Abhart home. Carol leaves a note for Tom in case he comes home. Henry is a ham radio operator and has been in contact with other cities that were hit. He can't raise anyone in San Francisco at all. Carol asks if he's been able to contact Chicago but the answer is no. Attempting to be as positive as possible, Henry assures his neighbors that they are down but not out. If anyone needs food or water, the Abharts will share what they have. Henry will keep on trying to reach other cities. At the gas station, Mike is only serving his regular customers. All others, especially those who never had time for him and Hiroshi, are ordered away at gunpoint. Carol wants to pay for her gas but Mike tells her it has already been paid for many times over. Tom never turns up. Carol takes in Larry, a neighbor's child whose parents are missing. At a community meeting, the mayor, police chief, and Rev. Hollis are optimistic that help will arrive. There has been looting at the supermarket and pharmacy, but those places are now under guard. There are questions about exposure to radiation. Cathy Pitkin, a young mother and friend of the Wetherlys, is worried about the health of her baby. The doctor says that he doesn't have the equipment to measure how much radiation they've all been exposed to. Food is rationed and batteries are collected to be given out as needed. Brad catches an older boy stealing batteries and confronts him. Gradually people begin to fall ill. Each day Henry Abhart is able to reach fewer cities. But life keeps going. The children give their play. Mary Liz continues her piano lessons with Henry's wife. Then the Pitkins' baby dies. They decide to leave and find a safer place, assuring Carol that they will come back one day. The doctor also leaves. There are rumors of survivors' camps in northern Canada, but the Wetherlys decide to remain in Hamlin. Scottie falls ill and dies. Carol tears the house apart looking for his teddy bear but she can't find it. Rev. Hollis is unable to wait any longer and begins the service. Mary Liz asks her mother what sex is like, realizing that she herself will never know. Brad continues his daily visits to Henry, whose wife is now ill. He asks Brad to take over her job of checking on the neighbors. Carol has been writing in her diary but can no longer remember the date. Larry dies and then Mary Liz. The boy who was stealing batteries breaks into the Wetherly home. Brad runs him off but the boy steals his bike. Reluctantly he begins using his father's bicycle, recalling the last morning they rode together. A second community meeting is sparsely attended. Many have died. The police chief, visibly exhausted and ill, says that his men are on duty and will remain for as long as possible. Garbage pickup is suspended as they don't have the manpower. There is no longer any hope that help will arrive. Rev. Hollis urges people to bury the dead carefully as the cemetery is now full. Hiroshi's father has died and Brad brings the boy home. Carol is now showing symptoms of radiation poisoning but manages to keep going. While she is watching a bonfire at the cemetery, Brad brings word of Henry Abhart's death. After he leaves, Carol begins screaming and pulling up chunks of grass. Rev. Hollis finds her and they kiss, not from love but the sheer need of human contact. Carol and Brad decide to end their lives, taking Hiroshi with them. They close the garage door and climb into the car. Carol starts the engine, then cuts it off. She can't bring herself to go through with it. Brad also has changed his mind. It is his birthday. As a treat, Carol spreads graham crackers with jam and lights candles. Hiroshi suddenly brings her Scottie's teddy bear. She is overjoyed and asks where he found it but he can't tell her. Although they will all soon die, the mood is one of peace.
tt0071222
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
The film opens at night on a snow-covered college campus. There is a Christmas party underway in one of the sorority houses, a large converted mansion. The sorority sisters and many of their boyfriends are inside. Outside in the snow, a point-of-view shot illustrates someone looking into the windows. The person breathes heavily and seems to be a man, but this is all we can tell. The person prowls around before climbing a rose trellis and entering the house through an attic window. He then climbs down through the attic trap door and lurks in the upstairs of the house, watching the girls downstairs. One of the sorority sisters, Barb Coard (Margot Kidder), receives a phone call from her mother. Barb seems to have been planning on going home over the Christmas holiday, but her mother has made plans to go away with her latest boyfriend. Barb calls her mother a gold-plated whore and says she'll make other plans for the break. She asks fellow sorority sisters Phyllis Carlson (Andrea Martin) and Jessica Bradford (Olivia Hussey) to go skiing with her instead. Jess also gets a phone call from her boyfriend, Peter (Kier Dullea), an aspiring concert pianist. She seems tense and wants to talk to Peter about something important. She says she'll see him tomorrow at the rehearsal studio. After their boyfriends leave, the girls get another phone call; Jess answers the phone and announces to all the other girls that its "The Moaner". Together they listen to the bizarre phone call, which starts out with simply heavy breathing and then escalates into strange ranting and obscene language. Barb gets on the receiver and bawls out the caller, firing back with her own obscene comments, until the caller suddenly lowers his voice and says "I'm going to kill you." He then hangs up. A sorority sister named Clare Harrison (Lynne Griffin) seems more timid than the others. She questions Barb's judgment in provoking an unstable individual, and reminds her that a girl from town was raped recently by an unknown assailant. Barb reacts angrily and upsets Clare, who then goes upstairs to pack; her father is picking her up the next day to take her home for Christmas. Clare finds Claude, the house mother's cat, in her room, even though the door is closed. She is unaware the killer is watching her from within her closet. In a morbid twist, the psychopath meows like Claude and lures Clare into the closet, where he lunges at her and wraps plastic cleaning bags around her head, smothering her to death. He then carries her body up into the attic and places it in a rocking chair by the window, the plastic bag still over her head. He places a doll in her lap and refers to her as Agnes. Downstairs, the other girls are oblivious to Clare's death, and they welcome in the house mother, Mrs. Mac (Marian Waldman), who seems to have just returned from shopping. They present her with a Christmas gift: a frilly nightgown. She pretends to like it but makes sarcastic remarks about it (and the girls themselves) while she is alone. Mrs. Mac goes to the library and seeks a book--"B for Booze!"--and hidden inside of it is a bottle of brandy, from which she takes a secret drink. She later fishes a bottle out of the toilet tank in her bathroom, as well, and rinses her mouth with booze after brushing her teeth. The next day, Clare's father (James Edmond) comes to collect her, but she is not at the appointed place. When he seeks her at the sorority house, he is shocked by the sexually suggestive posters he finds in her room, and also surprised that she has a boy's photo next to her bed (her boyfriend, Chris). Mr. Harrison seems to blame Mrs. Mac for the permissive attitude in the house. Mrs. Mac assures him that Clare is a good girl, and that she's probably just at one of the fraternity houses visiting Chris. Mr. Harrison offers to drop Mrs. Mac off at the store on his way there. Before they leave, Mrs. Mac hears Claude meowing but cannot find him; he is in the attic. Jess visits Peter while he is practicing for a very important audition, and she breaks some news to him: she is unexpectedly pregnant. Peter thinks it's good news, but Jess admits that she wasnt even going to tell Peter about it. Jess intends to get an abortion. Peter is adamantly opposed to this, and makes an ominous threat against Jess for even considering such a thing. Barb is at the fraternity house with Phyl's boyfriend, who is dressed like Santa and taking photos with small children. Barb has a bottle of wine and is getting drunk, and she gives one of the children sips of her alcohol. Mr. Harrison phones home and assures his wife that they will find Clare. Back at the sorority house, Jess receives another obscene phone call. This one is more elaborate; the killer speaks in several different voices and makes references to "Agnes" and "Billy". He also seems to be speaking in the voices of two adults, presumably the parents of Agnes and Billy. The voices even seem to overlap at times, adding to the unsettling effect. Jess is upset, especially after her confrontation with Peter. Phyl and Barb take Mr. Harrison to the police station to report Clare missing. The officer on duty at the desk, Sgt. Nash (Douglas McGrath), endures hostility from Barb about the incident. Sgt. Nash tells Mr. Harrison that hes sure Clare is just somewhere with Chris. Sgt. Nash asks Barb for the phone number at the sorority house, and she tells him its Fellatio-20880. "It's a new exchange, FE" she explains. Nash, who apparently does not know the meaning of the word fellatio, writes it down and thanks her. Back at the sorority house, Mrs. Mac tells Jess that Clare is missing, so Jess goes to see Chris while he is at hockey practice. Chris is furious when Jess tells him that the police are not taking it seriously because they think she's shacked up somewhere with him. Peter performs his audition and fails miserably, distraught about the news Jess has given him. The instructors who listen to the recital are shocked that he cannot seem to hit the right notes, and later he destroys the piano after they've gone. Chris and Jess appear at the police station and Chris angrily lashes out at Sgt. Nash for having a big mouth (meaning his suggestion that Clare was shacked up with him). Lt. Fuller (John Saxon) overhears and becomes interested in the case--he has already been taking another missing person report from a distraught mother named Mrs. Quaife, whose 13-year-old daughter Janice has suddenly disappeared while on her way home from school. Mr. Harrison has dinner with Phyl, Barb, and Mrs. Mac at the sorority house, but Barb is extremely drunk and launches into a vulgar tirade that ends with her lashing out at the others. Barb feels guilty because she was careless to Clare, and she says the others think her disappearance is Barb's fault. Barb's curt suggestion that Clare might be dead shocks Mr. Harrison, and Phyl reacts angrily, telling Barb to go to bed. Barb goes upstairs and leaves them alone. Meanwhile, Jess and Chris come back to the house and tell the others about Janice Quaife's disappearance. A search is underway, and Phyl and Mr. Harrison join them. Mrs. Mac tells them that she's leaving for her sisters house and may not be there when they return. When Jess leaves, Mrs. Mac packs her bags and calls a cab, but she is distracted by sounds from the attic: the killer lures her into the attic by making sounds like the cat. When Mrs. Mac opens the attic door, he swings a large hook at her, designed to pull things up into the attic crawlspace. The hook impales her under her chin and hangs her. Outside, the cabbie becomes impatient and leaves. The extensive search of the park turns up a body: Janice Quaife. Jess rushes back to the house, where she receives another frightening phone call from the killer. Again he uses multiple voices and reenacts some weird scenario involving naughty Billy and baby Agnes. This time, Jess calls the police to report the obscene phone calls. As she talks to Sgt. Nash, a figure approaches her from behind and startles her--it is Peter, who has been napping in the house while waiting for Jess to return. Nash does not take Jess's report seriously, although Mr. Harrison is sitting near him in the police station and overhears him talking to Jess about the calls. He and Phyl and Chris tell Lt. Fuller about it, and Lt. Fuller angrily scolds Nash for being so inept. Meanwhile, Peter proposes to Jess. He would like to quit the conservatory and marry Jess and be a father to her child. Jess, however, refuses. She does not want to get married or have a child yet, as she has things she wants to accomplish first. Peter becomes hurt and angry, telling Jess that she's talking about killing their baby as if it's like having a wart removed. Jess becomes frightened by his mounting hostility, and tells Peter to leave. Just as Peter is walking out, Phyl arrives with Lt. Fuller and a phone company rep named Graham, who puts a tap on the house phone. Fuller notices that Peter seemed angry, and he questions Jess about it. He also looks around Clare's room and asks more questions about her. Graham asks if there is another phone in the house and Fuller tells him that it is a private line belonging to Mrs. Mac and that there have been no obscene phone calls on it, so they don't tap it. Fuller tells Jess that he'll be listening in on all of her phone conversations from the station, and Graham tells her to keep the caller on the line for as long as possible so that he can trace the call. Fuller has also left an officer in a squad car outside to watch the house. When he leaves, Phyl begins crying and tells Jess that she's sure Clare is dead. Tired and emotionally exhausted, she goes to bed, and Jess waits for another phone call. Meanwhile, the killer goes into Barb's room and watches her sleeping. Barb, who has asthma, suddenly suffers an attack, and Jess rushes to her aid with an inhaler. Barb tells her that she had a nightmare about a stranger coming into her room. Barb goes back to sleep, and Jess is distracted by a group of Christmas carolers at the front door. The singing masks the sounds of Barb's murder; the killer returns and stabs her to death using a glass ornament near her bed. The carolers are suddenly rushed off by a concerned parent who has just found out about the murder of the little girl in the park. Jess hears the phone ringing, and it's the killer. He wails at her in a strange voice, and says "It's just like having a wart removed!" before hanging up. Jess is shocked; these are words she used in private to Peter. Lt. Fuller picks up on this but Jess denies that it has any significance. Phyl comes back downstairs and Jess tells her about what just happened; Phyl seems to not think the killer could possibly be Peter, and neither does Jess, but she is not sure. Peter himself calls then, and begs Jess not to kill the baby. This conversation doesn't last long enough to trace, either, but Fuller calls to ask Jess about what they were talking about. Jess admits she's pregnant, and that Peter objects to an abortion, and Fuller seems to think that Peter could be the caller after all. Jess, however, has a revelation: Peter was here at the house with her when one of the calls came through, so it couldnt be Peter calling. Fuller is still suspicious, and he requests Peters records from the Dean of Admissions. He goes to the conservatory and finds the piano violently smashed. Jess is convinced that she can now rule out Peter as a suspect, and both she and Phyl are relieved. They have a brief laugh after they are startled by two bumbling men from town who are out looking for the killer. Phyl and Jess go around the house locking all the doors and windows, when Phyl goes into Barb's room. Just inside the door, someone whispers "Agnes!" and the door slams shut. Jess tries to find Phyl but the phone rings; its the killer again. This time Jess keeps him on the phone long enough for Graham to trace the calls--they are coming from 6 Belmont Street, the same address as the sorority house itself. Nash radios Fuller with the news, and Fuller realizes the calls are coming from the house mother's phone. He tries to radio the policeman parked outside the sorority house, but the cop is now dead, his throat slit by the killer. Fuller radios Nash and tells him to call Jess and warn her to get out of there, without letting on that the killer is in the house with her. Nash, of course, is unable to do this; when Jess tells him she's going to go upstairs and get Phyl and Barb, Nash admits that the calls are coming from inside the sorority house itself. Jess is terrified, and she screams out for Phyl and Barb over and over again. The house is silent. Instead of leaving, Jess gets a poker from the fireplace and goes upstairs. In Barb's room, she finds the bodies of both Phyl and Barb on the bed. From the crack in the door, Jess sees the killer's eye watching her. "Agnes, its me, Billy! Don't tell what we did!" he whispers. Jess slams the door on him and runs. Howling in rage and pain, the killer chases after her. With no time to unlock the front door, Jess heads for the cellar. The killer catches her hair as she passes the stairs, but Jess is able to break free and bolt the cellar door behind her just in time. Eventually the maniac stops pounding on the door, and Jess hears sounds as if he is going out the front door. Unsure, she remains in the cellar. Through the basement windows, Jess can see someone prowling around the house. Unable to gain admittance, the figure seems to spot Jess in the cellar; it is Peter. He calls out to her but Jess ignores him. Peter breaks a window and enters the basement with her. "Whats the matter, Jess?" he asks, as she approaches her. He will not be dissuaded. Outside, Fuller arrives with other policemen close behind, and they find the patrolman dead in his car. Hearing Jess screaming from inside the house, they break in. By the time they reach the basement, they find Jess and Peter lying together; they appear to both be dead, but Jess stirs. She has killed Peter with the fire poker. A doctor gives Jess a sedative and she is sleeping, although the house is bustling with activity. Fuller, unable to question her, hypothesizes about the case, convinced that Peter was the killer. Mr. Harrison suddenly goes into shock. The doctor intervenes and wants to take Mr. Harrison to the hospital. Chris leaves with them, and so do the other police officers, leaving Jess alone and unconscious with a guard in front of the house. After they leave, the house is silent, and the attic door opens. The bodies of Clare and Mrs. Mac are still up there, unnoticed by anybody yet. The killer climbs down out of the attic, saying "Agnes, its me, Billy!" As the camera slowly pulls away from the house, we see the lone police officer on the front porch, smoking a cigarette. Suddenly the phone begins to ring, just as it did after all the murders that came before.
tt0079688
Crime,Drama
Carl (Michael Kramer) and his friends, Ritchie (Matt Dillon), Claude (Tom Fergus), and Johnny (Tiger Thompson) are hanging out at The Rec, a recreation center for the kids in New Grenada, a planned community full of condominiums and town homes. The Rec is pretty much the only thing in town for the children, as the Homeowners Association totally forgot about the fact that nearly 25% of the population of New Grenada is under the age of 15. So, naturally, the kids find themselves some other ways to have fun; sex, drugs, alcohol, vandalism, and rock n roll. One of the first scenes shown is Mark Perry (Vincent Spano), and his friend shooting his B.B. gun at oncoming cars on the overpass. However, when they hit a police cruiser, they laugh and cheer, and decide to leave before the cop sees them. They hop on their bikes, and ride down the road, passing Carl and Ritchie, who, when warned by the boys about cops, dive into the weeds behind an electric control box. The police car pulls up, and out steps Sgt. Doberman (Harry Northup), the most hated cop in town. He sees the boys, and, upon frisking them, finds a three-inch pocketknife on Ritchie. He take the boys to the station, and calls Carl's father, Fred Willat (Andy Romano), warning him about Carl's behavior. Fred is the local Cadillac salesman, an upper middle class job. Before getting Doberman's call, is talking to Jerry Cole (Richard Jamison), president of the Homeowners Association, about getting Mr. Sloan (Lane Smith), a wealthy Texas Landowner, to come to see the land across the street from The Rec, with hopes of building an industrial park there. Back at the police station, Doberman is questioning Ritchie and Carl about who had the gun, and Ritchie tells them that he has only 1 law; A kid who tells on another kid is a dead kid. Ritchie is then taken out of the room, and Doberman continues lecturing Carl about where hes going to end up if he keeps this up; The Hill, a correction center for the kids in the area. Then Carl and his father drive home, where Sandra Willat (Ellen Geer), waits. But instead of talking to his mother, Carl runs upstairs, and locks himself in his room, blaring the Cheap Trick. The next day at school, Carl and Ritchie tell Claude about their escapades with the police, and Claude announces that he took speed to prepare for the upcoming test. He then looks at a slide of a painting, and instead of seeing the actual painting he sees this mangled, horrid thing. Then they go to an assembly about the recent vandalism on the highway, where Carl gets a look at the love of his life, Cory (Pamela Ludwig), who hes absolutely crazy about. Later, after school, Carl is getting dressed to go out, once again listening to his music, only this time, its The Ramones. When Carl is dressed, he goes downstairs and asks his father about the land across from The Rec. but, upon getting an answer different from what he wanted, leaves for The Rec. The Rec closes at six o'clock p.m., but that doesn't stop the kids from having fun. The kids bring pot, music, and alcohol to The Rec after hours, and have their own little party, where Claude ends up buying a gram of hash from Tip (Eric Lalich), a friend. But the party moves when an announcement about a party at a boys house is made. The party is your basic teens; sex, drugs, beer, and Van Halen. Carl sees Cory on the couch making out with Mark, the boy who shot the cop car, and got Carl and Ritchie busted. Mark then warns Carl about mentioning his name to the cops, and when Carl gives a sarcastic remark, he leaves. Carl gets upset with Cory, telling her that she could do a lot better than Mark. Carl then leaves, followed (unknowingly) by Mark and his friend. While Carl is walking home alone, they jump him, beat him up, and take his money. When Carl gets home, he tries to avoid his parents seeing the cuts and bruises, but fails. Carl gets questioned, but, when refusing to tell them who jumped him, runs upstairs and locks himself in his room. Fred and Jerry Cole then talk about making sure The Rec is closed the next day, when Sloan comes to visit. The next day at The Rec, everyone is talking about Carl's event. But he only releases the names to Claude, Ritchie, Johnny, and Alan (Brian Parker), another friend of theirs. While they're talking, Julia (Julia Pomeroy), The Rec counselor, goes outside to talk to Doberman about The Rec staying open. Doberman goes inside and searches Claude, finding the gram of hash in his pocket, and taking him in. However, when they walk outside, Ritchie is standing on the cop car, and makes the cops chase him around the grounds. When the cops finally leave, Carl, and Ritchie go to get sodas, where Ritchie gives Carl firecrackers. They then get on their bikes and ride around the neighborhood, where they find Cory and her best friend Abby (Kim Kliner) running out of a house, carrying a plastic bag. They stop them, and grab the bag, finding a gun in it, which the girls stole from the house. They then all go to a half-finished town home, which Carl and Ritchie call their condo. After planning a picnic with a gun Cory gets up and starts dancing, with the gun in her hand, pointing it at Carl playfully. But the gun goes off, and Carl scares everyone into thinking he is shot. The group then goes their separate ways. When Carl gets home, he sees Sloan's car in the driveway, and, upset at his father, places the firecrackers given to him by Ritchie in the cars engine, so that when the car is turned on, they will light. Sloan and his boys, scared, then leave, but not before warning Fred that if he doesn't stop to listen to his son, it will come back to bite him. The next day, Carl calls Claude and Johnny, telling them to come to the picnic. They all show up, and after shooting the gun, and realizing that Carl is the only one with any sense of aim at all, they start walking. During the walk, Claude tells them that it was Tip who sold him the hash, and Cory announces that Tip had recently gotten busted for possession. They then decide to pay Tip a visit, and while the boys hold Tip down and interrogate him, the girls ransack his kitchen. Tip tells them that he told Doberman who he sold the hash to, because he was arrested. Ritchie then points the gun at him, and Johnny lights a firecracker, making a gun sound. Before leaving, the boys throw Tip in the water under his porch. Before Cory and Abby leave Carl and Ritchie, Cory runs over to Carl and gives him a kiss, showing him that she likes him as much as he likes her. When Carl gets home, he is told by his mother and father that he is forbidden to see Claude or Ritchie any longer, and that The Rec will be closed. Carl gets in a fight with his father, and when Carl takes a swing at him, he smacks him across the face, causing him to, once again, lock himself in his room. The next day at school, in science class, Carl sees Tips mother (Irene Lalich), and the schools principal (Molly McCarthy) talking in a connected classroom. Tips mother tells the principal the names of the boys that assaulted her son, and this causes Carl to snap. He then grabs Ritchie in the hallway and they run home. Ritchie grabs his gun, and they steal his mothers car, leaving town. However, Doberman sees them leave, and chases them. During the chase, Carl begs Ritchie to throw the gun out of the car, but he refuses. The car then gets flipped over, the two boys running in opposite directions. Ritchie points the gun at Doberman, who mistakes it for loaded, so Doberman shoots and kills Ritchie. Carl then runs away to his condo, but not before calling Johnny to confirm that Ritchie is really dead, and calling Cory to tell her to meet him. She brings a sleeping bag, and they spend the night together. After Cory leaves in the morning, Carl runs home to grab money, and along the way he sees Mark riding his dirt bike. He takes Marks B.B. gun, and shoots him in the shoulder (not harming him), causing him to flip over his bike. Mark then sits down with Carl, talking about what they're going to do about the parent situation. They then decide that their fight was stupid, and they make up. Then Carl goes home, and upon climbing into the house through an upstairs window, he sees his mother on the phone with his father about a big meeting at the school that night, to talk about the new trend of violence with the children. He then locks himself in his mothers room, and gets on the phone, asking his parents if they wish he got shot, too. After leaving his home that night, Carl goes to The Rec, where, all of his friends are. They then make a plan to show the parents that they need to listen to them; lock them in the schools auditorium, and wreck the school. Carl climbs onto the roof, entering the school through a sun window above a science classroom. The kids then take their bike chains and lock the gates surrounding the auditorium. The children decide that the only thing that will make them feel better is to trash the school, and all of the cars in the parking lot. However, when they find guns, all hell breaks loose. The kids run around shooting cars, causing massive explosions. When Cory almost gets blown up by an explosion caused by Mark, and cant find Carl, Claude and Johnny agree to take her home, but not before Johnny gives a phone to Julia, who is sitting by a gate in the school. Julia calls the police, and as soon as they hear sirens, all of the kids split, some getting arrested. The police unlock the auditorium doors, and Doberman runs out to find Carl. He gets in a cop car, and drives down the road until he finds Carl. He handcuffs him to the backseat, and tells him that he will have to go to The Hill. But, Mark is waiting down the road with his B.B. gun, and shoots the car, causing Doberman to run it off the road, into, of all buildings, The Rec. Doberman gets knocked out, and The Rec catches on fire. Carl grabs Dobermans keys, and unlocks himself from the car. He runs away, and stops and turns around just in time to see The Rec blow up. He then for sure knows that Doberman died. The final scene shows Carl in the morning, coming handcuffed out of the police station. Carl stops and hugs his parents, and is then escorted onto a bus (full of other kids involved with the school incident, including Mark and Abby) by Lincoln (Mike Osborne), another police officer. He is sat at the back of the bus, and driven down the highway to The Hill. But, when they go under the overpass, (the same one that Mark was shooting off of earlier) they see Claude, Johnny, and Cory waving from above. Carl then turns around to face the front of the bus, quite content with the fact that his friends are safe, and that Cory still loves him.
tt0091306
Comedy,Romance,Thriller
Teresa "Terry" Doolittle (Whoopi Goldberg) transfers funds for the First National Bank in Manhattan, New York. She does not quite fit with the bank's corporate image, despite being a good employee and popular with her co-workers. However, she is often chastised by her no-nonsense boss James Page (Peter Michael Goetz). Set against the backdrop of the pre-Glasnost Cold War, Terry is contacted over her AC computer desktop by an unseen man calling himself "Jumpin' Jack Flash" who turns out to be a British Intelligence agent in Eastern Europe that is being pursued by the KGB. After being given a riddle for his password, Terry determines the password to be B-flat, after the key in which "Jumpin' Jack Flash" is supposedly written (as the actual song by The Rolling Stones is recorded in the key of B-flat). Jack sends her to the British Consulate to deliver the message "Dog's barking, can't fly without umbrella" to Department C. Despite feeling ludicrous, Terry delivers the message to the head consul Jeremy Talbot (John Wood) who is apparently puzzled and sends Terry away, telling her there is no Department C. Jack then asks her to enter his apartment in New York to retrieve a frying pan, on which are Jack's CIA contacts to acquire a passport. Shortly after her visit to the British Consulate, Terry begins to be monitored. Peter Caen (Stephen Collins), a CIA agent working under the alias Marty Phillips, arrives at First National Bank as a new co-worker of Terry in order to spy on her. One evening, after Jack tells Terry to retrieve the frying pan from his apartment, a computer technician (James Belushi) shows up to repair her terminal, but when Terry calls Sperry Corporation to confirm his identity, the technician vanishes. After Terry aquires the frying pan from Jack's apartment, the computer tech appears again as a taxi driver, who tries abduct her, but Terry bashes him on the head with the frying pan and escapes. Another day later, Terry is finally contacted by one of Jack's contacts, Mark Van Meter (Jeroen Krabbé), who meets her at the docks. After being stunned to realize Terry is a banker and has no relationship at all with the intelligence community, Van Meter notices they are being watched and pushes Terry off the docks and into the East River to save her life, but is shot and killed himself by unseen assasins. The police dismiss Terry's claim of the murder and Peter bails her out of jail. Unsure who to trust, Terry contacts Jack on the computer again who then tells her how to break into the British Consulate central computer. Conning her way in under the guise of an entertainer, she manages to enter the mainframe, but Talbot deactivates the computer link before Jack receives a contact. Going through one of Jack's romantic contacts, Lady Sarah Billings (Sara Botsford), Terry is rebuffed and then captured by the KGB, who lock her in a phone booth and drag her around the city. After escaping when the booth is knocked over, Terry is injected with truth serum by the computer tech (now posing as a police officer), but escapes after trapping his arm in a car window and rolling the car into traffic. Terry again contacts Sarah and makes an impassioned plea for her help. Sarah tells Terry she would rather let Jack be killed than risk losing face. A disgusted Terry chastises Sarah for her indifference to Jack's plight and walks out. She then stumbles into work and after embarrassing Mr. Page by yanking off his fake hairpiece in front of the entire office, passes out. Terry awakes at home and is dropped in on by Sarah, who has had a change of heart and gives her a contact, which Jack can use to escape. After passing the contact to Jack, she is again captured by the KGB and learns that the contact is a KGB mole who turns out to be Talbot himself. After nearly being tortured with a power sander, Terry escapes and is caught by police. After realizing the police are arresting her rather than protecting her, Terry escapes. She rushes to the bank and is again ambushed by the KGB and Talbot. After struggling with the KGB and biting Talbot's groin, she confirms to Jack that the contact will kill him. Marty identifies himself as Peter Caen and gives Jack the correct contact. At the end, after initially not showing up at a restaurant where he and Terry plan to meet, Jack (Jonathan Pryce) appears in her office to thank her personally by taking her out to dinner.
tt0076929
Animation,Adventure,Fantasy
In a bleak future that's a blend of World War II Europe and Tolkien's Middle-earth, a runty wizard (Bob Holt) must save the world from fascist mutants controlled by his evil twin brother (Steve Gravers). Seems the bad bro likes to toy with enemy armies by projecting films of Adolf Hitler speeches during attacks. Nice! Animator Ralph Bakshi blends everything from swords and sorcery to kung fu and nuclear catastrophe in this bizarre flick. (from netFlix)
tt0089424
Drama
In a Latin American prison somewhere in Brazil, an effeminate window dresser named Luis Molina (William Hurt) recites the story of his favorite movie to his cellmate, Valentin Arregui (Raul Julia), a bold and austere political prisoner. Molina embellishes the romance to escape the brutality of prison life, describing a torrid World War II love affair between a French chanteuse, Leni Lamaison (Sonia Braga), and a German captain named Werner (Herson Capr). As Molina describes Leni's conflict between passion and conscience, Arregui protests that the film is Nazi propaganda. Molina's homosexuality, and his sentimental interpretation of fascist cinema, are repulsive to Arregui, but the two begin to develop an unlikely friendship. Arregui admits his concern that the warden has stopped his interrogation, and fears officials will go after his girl friend for intelligence. Molina reveals that he was imprisoned for seducing a minor (a little boy), and longs for a world in which he is free to love without persecution. One day, Molina is called to the warden (José Lewgoy), and reports back to Arregui that his mother is ill with a weak heart. He fears his transgression has caused her to suffer, and may precipitate her death. When the men are provided food trays with disproportionate servings, Arregui insists that Molina take the larger portion. As he reluctantly eats, Molina encourages his cellmate to write a letter to his girl friend, but Arregui does not wish to expose her to the government, and refuses to mention her name. Referring to the brutality of his captors, Arregui questions why they have kept him alive, and believes they are developing sinister new tactics to induce his confession. Impressed by Arregui's dedication to his girl friend, Molina cries about his failure to find love, and remembers a waiter with whom he was infatuated. One day, Molina becomes violently ill, and convalesces in the infirmary. When he returns to the cell, Arregui suffers the same symptoms and realizes the food has been poisoned. Molina insists on calling the guards for help, but Arregui protests, knowing that he will be drugged to reveal the identities of his fellow revolutionaries. In his delirium, Arregui utters the name "Marta," and Molina returns to narrating his favorite movie, hoping it will assuage his pain. As Arregui awakens, he soils himself with diarrhea, and Molina cleans the mess. Grateful for Molina's care, Arregui lets down his guard and allows him to read a letter from his girl friend, whom he now identifies as Lidia. However, Molina inquires about the mysterious Marta. Shocked by Molina's knowledge of her name, Arregui admits he is still entranced by his former lover, Marta (also Sonia Braga), even though she is from an upper-class family, and his association with the bourgeoisie makes him a hypocrite to the revolution. Marta asked him to leave the rebels, but his friends were being abducted, and he agreed to a mission in which he gave his passport to an elderly dissident, code-named "Dr. Americo." After the transaction, Arregui was arrested and tortured, but he did not succumb to the inquisition. He admits he does not want to die, and begs Molina to protect him. Sometime later, Molina is called back to meet with the warden and his henchman, Pedro (Milton Gonçalves), who have promised to reduce Molina's sentence if he spies on his cellmate. They demand to know the name of Arregui's girl friend, and the identity of the prison's new inmate, but Molina remains mum, pointing out that the captive's face has been concealed by a hood. Molina, who knew all along about the poisoned food, insists he is ignorant about Arregui's revolution, and is relieved to learn that his mother's health has improved. He arranges to bring groceries back to the cell, claiming the gift will help maintain the charade that he is being visited by his mother. Molina hopes the delicacies will restore Arregui's health. After the feast, Molina finishes telling the story of the movie, and Arregui hears the new prisoner's moans. Looking through the bars of their cell, he sees that the inmate's shroud has been removed, and identifies the captive as Dr. Americo, the man who received his passport. The next morning, Arregui is enraged to learn that Americo was killed, and lashes out at Molina. Later, Molina returns to the cell with more groceries, and Arregui apologizes. In another visit to the warden, Molina insists he is making progress, but continues to conceal the names Arregui provided. Hoping to secure his own emancipation, Molina argues that Arregui will reveal his secrets if he knows they will part ways, and the warden grants him parole in 24 hours. Back in the cell, Molina despairs his release, claiming that he will remain spiritually imprisoned in a society that castigates his sexual orientation. Arregui consoles his friend, and asks to hear the story of another movie. Molina narrates the cinematic tale of a woman (Sonia Braga in her third role) who is trapped on a desert island, entangled by a spider web that grows from her body. One day, a man washes ashore, and she nurses him back to life. Explaining that the heroine is anguished by desire, Molina admits his love for Arregui. The revolutionary wishes to express gratitude for Molina's compassion, and fulfills his longing to make love. The next day, Molina does not want to leave, but Arregui sees his liberation as an opportunity to communicate with the revolution, and asks him to deliver a telephone message. Molina refuses, and requests a parting token of tenderness that they did not share the night before: A kiss. Arregui begs Molina to stand up for himself in the outside world, and to never submit to degradation. Molina vows to make the call, and they kiss. As Molina bids his beloved farewell, Arregui whispers a telephone number and message in his ear. Molina returns home and visits his mother (Miriam Pires) who is happy to see him home. Over the next few days, Molina makes a tepid reentry into civilian life, unaware that he is being followed by Pedro, the warden's henchman. A few days later, Molina makes the phone call, and is ordered by the unseen person over the phone to meet the revolutionaries in person. He hesitantly agrees, despite the danger, and plans to disappear afterward. Molina clears his bank account, and asks a friend to deliver the package of cash to his mother. In a crowded city plaza, Molina heads to the meeting place and realizes he is being trailed by Pedro. As he approaches the revolutionaries' car, a young woman (Ana Maria Braga) introduces herself as Arregui's girl friend, Lidia. However, she sees Pedro and incorrectly suspects Molina of being an informant. Lidia shoots Molina in the chest. While the rebels speed away, Pedro and his men pull Molina into his vehicle and holds him at gunpoint, ordering him to reveal the telephone number, but Molina dies before he can say anything. Molina's dead body is unceremoniously dumped in a back alley trash heap. Back in prison, Arregui is tortured but he continues to refuse to talk. A medic takes pity and secretly injects him with a painkiller. As Arregui loses consciousness and seemingly dies, he is visited by Marta the Spider Woman. She guides him out of the prison, and leads him to the desert island in Molina's imaginary movie.
tt0095169
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Shortly before starting her senior year of high school, aspiring journalist Darcy Elliot (Molly RIngwald) takes a secret weekend road trip with her devoted boyfriend, Stan Bobrucz (Randall Batkinoff), to visit her prospective college, the University of Wisconsin in Madison. Eager to be alone together for the first time, Darcy and Stan pull over to the side of the road and make love. Afterward, Darcy meets with the student editors on campus, hoping to write for the school newspaper. Although they scoff at the triviality of her articles about her hometown of Kenosha, Wisconsin, they admire her passion and invite her to send them more writing samples. That night, the couple pitches a tent and raises a glass of wine in a toast, "To forever." However, Darcy privately questions the longevity of their relationship, since Stan hopes to receive a scholarship to study architecture at the California Institute of Technology. Two months later, Darcy becomes ill at the sight of food and concludes she is pregnant. While Stan is supportive, Darcy's single mother, Donna Elliot (Miriam Flynn), and the religious Mr. Bobrucz (Kenneth Mars) become locked in a heated argument over whether Darcy should have an abortion or give the baby up for adoption. Worried that the unplanned pregnancy will derail her college ambitions, Donna books an appointment for an abortion, but Darcy backs out of the procedure in favor of keeping and raising the child with Stan. Although excited to start a family, the couple fears their parents' reactions and waits until Christmas to share the news. Furious, Mr. Bobrucz insults Darcy's virtue, inciting a verbal and physical fight between the children and their parents. Cutting off all communication with their families, the young lovers check into a motel and plan their financial future as newly independent adults. With only $927 between them, they rent a dilapidated studio apartment and get married in a small church ceremony. While Stan gets a job as a shoe salesman, a guidance counselor encourages Darcy to drop out of school, claiming that her presence in regular classes may set a bad example for her peers. Darcy is disgusted by the suggestion, but eventually enrolls in night school so she can work a day job at a hamburger stand. Meanwhile, Stan is awarded a full scholarship to Caltech, but learns that the university does not offer housing for married freshmen. Instead of telling Darcy the truth, he pretends he was rejected for the scholarship. On the night of the senior prom, Darcy goes into labor and gives birth to a girl. Afterward, she asks the nurses to call her mother, who arrives with an adoption liaison in a final attempt to convince Darcy to give up the baby. Donna has a change of heart after seeing the child, but struggles to reconnect with Darcy, who suffers from postpartum depression. Although Darcy shows no interest in the baby, Stan proves to be a loving father and names her Theodosia, after his grandmother. One night while Stan is at work, Darcy notices a man lurking outside the apartment window and calls 911. As she rushes to protect baby "Thea," police identify the stalker as Mr. Bobrucz, who, despite his estrangement from Stan, asks if he can meet his grandchild. As bills begin to pile up, Darcy and Stan realize they will never save enough money to go to college. When Thea becomes sick and they cannot afford the hospital bill, Darcy makes the decision to move back in with her mother. The arrangement puts strain on their relationship, and Stan begins drinking heavily and sneaking out late at night. After an argument with Darcy, he bumps into his former girl friend, Michaela (Michelle Downey), who tries to win him back by blaming Darcy for ruining his dreams. As they talk, however, Stan realizes that his love for Darcy was always stronger than his desire to go to college. Michaela bitterly tells Darcy that Stan lied about his acceptance to Caltech. Distraught, she calls the school and learns that another scholarship applicant has dropped out. After enrolling on Stan's behalf, Darcy pretends that she no longer loves him, kicks him out of the house, and has their marriage annulled, since they were still underage at the time of the ceremony. Although he briefly considers attending Caltech, Stan figures out that Darcy staged their breakup and begs her to reconsider. On the evening of Darcy's night school graduation ceremony, Stan reveals he has secured both of them scholarships at University of Wisconsin after sending the editor of the school newspaper a piece Darcy wrote about the trials of young motherhood. Still lamenting her former husband's abandonment, Donna encourages her daughter to walk away from the relationship, but Darcy realizes she must make her own decision. Stan and Darcy reconcile, and he asks her to marry him again.
tt0092608
Comedy,Musical
In the opening scene, Bobby (Demian Slade), a 14-year-old punk teen wearing black leather clothing with a few facial piercings, narrates the story about his parents; his father (Frankie Avalon) was known as the Big Kahuna, a professional surfer from southern California who was also a teen idol and pop singer in the 1960s. His mother Annette (Annette Funicello) as a former "Mouseketeer" on the original Mickey Mouse Club TV series whom met and got married and moved to Ohio. Bobby is constantly in the throes of teenage rebellion against his seemingly square folks. Bobby's father Frankie (though he is never called by name in the film) currently works as a stressed out car salesman having left the surf scene in California while Annette bottles her own sense of angst up in a bevy of shopping. One day, the family decides to take an early spring vacation to Hawaii, deciding to stop in Los Angeles, California to visit their 20-year-old daughter Sandi (Lori Loughlin). After arriving at LAX and renting a convertible auto, they drive past their old beach and to a pier where Sandi lives in an small apartment above a bait shop. Sandi hasn't told her parents that she has shacked up with a local surfer named Michael (Tommy Hinkley), and only learns about her parents arrival after hearing a phone message on her answering machine announcing their arrival. When she sees them approaching, Sandi throws all of Michael's clothes out a window and into the ocean along with his surfboard and Michael himself. Frankie, Annette and Bobby know right away about Michael's presence in the apartment, so Frankie drags Bobby with him to find the "surf bum" while Annette stays behind to comfort Sandi who confides in her about living with Michael for the past six months. Annette offers to take Sandi out shopping. On the beach, while looking for the surf bum, Frankie accidentally knocks over a row of surfboards belonging to a punk surf gang led by Zed (Joe Holland) who takes a liking to the smooth-talking Bobby, but a dislike to Frankie whom he insults Frankie's thick retro hairstyle as a "hair helmet". Frankie is not intimidated by Zed and his gang's implied threats and walks away, only to knock over their surfboards again. Reunited with Annette and Sandi, Frankie and Bobby drive away. That evening, the family passes by a beachfront club called Daddy O's where Sandi works as a waitress to drop her off for work. Annette sees an advertising poster of Dick Dale and the Del Tones still appearing after 25 years and wants to go inside to visit, but Frankie refuses for they have their connecting flight to Hawaii to catch, but he decides to go with the family in the club anyway. In the club, a young surf bum named Troy (John Calvin) flirts with Annette, who refuses his advances. Just as Frankie drags Annette away, they have a run-in with Connie (Connie Stevens) the owner of the club and one of Frankie's old love interests. Connie shows Frankie and Annette a shrine she had put up in honor of Frankie as The Big Kahuna compositing of his old nine-foot-long surfboard and several records and memorabilia. Annette is hardly able to hide her jealousy when Connie insists that Frankie get up on stage with Dick Dale to sing a song. Frankie, wanting to relive his musical days, does so and sings a duet with Connie and Dick Dale and his band his version of "California Sun". After the musical number is over, an angry and jealous Annette tells Frankie that they just missed their plane to Hawaii and wants to leave, but Frankie wants to stay and get into a big row where Annette walks out on him. Back at Sandi's apartment, Michael shows up wanting to spend more romantic time with her, but she tells him about her parents argument and that her mother will be staying with her for a few days which begins an argument of their own leading Michael to walk out on Sandi. As Annette tries to comfort Sandi over her problems with Michael, she throws a "pajama party" for Sandi and all of her girlfriends who show up. The pajama party is briefly interrupted when several punk surfers crash the party, but Annette along with the other girls team up to drive the punks away. Meanwhile, a distraught Frankie is back at Daddy O's getting drunk and rambling on to Connie as well as the familiar looking bartender (Bob Denver of Gilligan's Island fame) about his failed life and crumbling marriage. The next morning, Frankie wakes up on the floor of a loft surrounded by several young men whom are surfers whom live together with Mountain (David Bowe) the leader of another surf gang of clean-cut friendly youths who surf at the beach every day. After the surfers get up and disburse with their surfboard to "catch the waves", Michael stays behind with a hung-over Frankie and serves him a "pick-me-up" drink to sober him up and then reveals his identity about being Sandi's boyfriend. Frankie is appalled, but comes to accept Michael when he sees that he is a nice guy. Later that day on the beach, Annette talks with Sandi about her husband's row and jealousy and shows her how Frankie would respond to anything. Annette approaches Troy, the same guy who tried to pick her up the previous night, and flirts with him, unaware that Frankie is standing nearby watching the whole thing. Annette then walks back to Sandi and her friends to prove her point. The distraught Frankie goes back to Daddy O's bar to confide in Connie about his marriage problems only to discover that Michael is in fact Connie's son. Frankie then leaves to check himself into a local hotel. The next day on the beach, Bobby is seen becoming more chummy to Zed and his gang of surf punks when Bobby shows them how to make cherry bombs to blow up toilets. Nearby, Frankie is with Michael, Mountain, Webby, and other surf bums talking about having fun, while further down the beach, a distraught Annette decides to show off her own singing skills to Sandi, Robin, Briggette and other "surf chicks" by singing her own version of "Jamaica Ska". Annette's singing takes command of the presence of the other beachgoers and all of them join the singing and dancing, and head off down the beach, leaving Frankie all by himself. The following day, a rainstorm hits which leads to the beaches being closed. Frankie spends his time somehow aquiring an ice cream cart and selling ice cream. He arrives at the end of the day at Michael's workshop where he sees the potential that Michael has in making surfboards. However, Michael tells Frankie that he makes surfboards only for principle not for purchase. Being a smooth-talking car salesman, Frankie encourages Michael to find his potential by selling surfboards to make an honest living. That evening at Daddy O's, while watching singing guest star Stevie Ray Vaughan (playing himself) performing alongside Dick Dale, Frankie suggests to Michael that they throw a luau-themed beach party in the hopes to lure their women back to them. Michael tells Frankie that the harbor master will not give them a permit to have any party on the beach after dark, so Frankie decides they try their sales-skills on the harbor master. The next morning, Frankie and Michael visit the trailer beach home of the eccentric Harbor Master (Don Adams) where, after failing to persuade him to lend them a permit for a beach party, convince him that the party is a ceremony to honor him for being "harbor master of the year". The Harbor Master agrees to give them the permit. That evening, the Hawaii-themed beach party is well under away. Annette and Sandi arrive, where Michael approaches them to introduce himself to Annette as well as make up with Sandi who tells him about him starting his own surfboard selling business. While, Annette looks for Frankie, she spots him talking with Connie by the grill and, consumed by jealousy once again, seeks out and begins flirting with Troy. When the Harbor Master arrives and realizes that Frankie and Michael tricked him into throwing the party for themselves, he threatens to shut the party down until Michael persuades Bridgette to flirt with him to make him change his mind. When Frankie sees Annette going on a evening surf excursion with Troy, he becomes jealous himself and confronts and punches Troy when whey they return from the water. However, this act only makes Annette even more angry and she walks away over Frankie acting so immature. Annette then confronts Connie where she convinces Annette that she has no interest in her husband but that Frankie loves only her. Annette then goes back to Frankie where they both apologize to each other over everything that happened and finally make up. Just then Pee-Wee Herman (Paul Reubens) appears from out of nowhere and sings a flashy version of "Surfin' Bird" leading to the Frankie, Annette and the whole party dancing with him until he literally takes off on a surfboard and vanishes as when he appeared. As the beach party winds down, Frankie finally tells the attendees about his "surf accident" and why he never goes back in the water. Frankie explains that 20 years ago when he went surfing he encountered a huge wave which knocked him off his surfboard and landed him in the hospital, which is why he moved away from California and never surfs again. Just they, the surf punks crash the beach party by showing up on four-wheel beach rovers. Bobby is now with him sporting a multi-colored Mohawk hairstyle having joined their gang (by purchasing the rovers with Frankie's stolen credit card). A full-out gang fight between Zed and the punks and Mountain and the beach bums is avoided when Frankie steps in an argues an old fashion way to settle it: a surfing competition for full rights for the beach. Each gang will pick their best surfer to compete against the other. The punk's gang leader Zed picks himself, while Michael volunteers to represent the surf bums only for Frankie to accidentally drop a bongo drum on Michael's left foot, breaking it. The next day on the big climatic surf competition, with Michael unable to surf due to his broken foot, Frankie volunteers to surf in his place using his old surfboard. With two judges (Tony Dow and Jerry Mathers) judging the surfing, Zed goes first out and does an impressive surfing of one large wave. When Frankie's turn comes, history begins to repeat itself when the "humongous wave" appears once again, leading even Zed to flee from the water. However, Frankie finally overcomes his fear and becomes "the Big Kahuna" once again and surfs the wave, winning the contest and proving that he still is king of the surf. In the final scene, Frankie and Annette, along with Sandi and Michael are back at Daddy O's to celebrate their victory where Sandi and Michael announce their engagement and plan to have their wedding on Christmas. Bobby, with new found respect for his father, sheds his black leather fatigues and adopts his father's "hair helmet" hairstyle and clothing in a total makeover for himself. The whole cast then gets up on the stage to sing the final song "We'll Go on Forever".
tt2452200
Action,Crime,Drama
A 19-year-old youth, JR (Brenton Thwaites) is sent to an Australian correctional facility for six months as punishment for a minor crime. During his first few days at the prison, he finds his cellmate is being sexually abused by another group of prisoners led by a man named Dave. JR also comes across the charismatic Brendan Lynch (Ewan McGregor), Australia's public enemy #1 and a notorious armed robber. Lynch is playing a game of correspondence chess when a passing JR points out an unseen checkmate against Lynch, demonstrates the move, and is dismissed. Later, JR finds his cellmate sharpening a shiv with the intention of defending himself against Dave. When Dave and his gang move to attack the cellmate, JR prevents the attack by initiating a fight. Lynch scolds JR for meddling in other people's affairs, and soon after, JR's cellmate is once again sexually assaulted. His cellmate attempts to commit suicide and he is hospitalized, causing Dave to focus his sexual attacks on JR. When Dave and his gang try to rape JR, Lynch and his men, Sterlo (Matt Nable) and Merv (Eddie Baroo), rescue JR and kill Dave. In exchange for Lynch's protection during JR's sentence, JR agrees to perform tasks for Lynch once he gets out of prison. Upon release six months later, JR meets crime lord Sam (Jacek Koman), with whom Lynch is playing chess, and his nephew Josh (Tom Budge). JR is given an apartment to live in, as well as a briefcase of Lynch's personal effects, including fake passports, clothes, and a pistol. Soon afterwards, a pretty young woman named Tasha (Alicia Vikander) arrives at the apartment to give JR some cash and a cellphone, which is used to receive instructions. Following instructions given, JR visits Private Wilson (Damon Herriman) at his trailer and illegally purchases various assault weapons. Upon receiving instructions, JR hijacks a helicopter used for scenic tours, and instructs the pilot, at gunpoint, to fly to the prison Lynch is still being held at. Lynch, Sterlo, and Merv orchestrate an escape by taking one of the prison guards hostage until JR's helicopter arrives to extract them. Upon landing, the four men leave the helicopter and pilot in a field and drive away in a getaway car. While the car is stopped at a convenience store and Merv is buying food, the other three discover from a radio broadcast that Merv was incarcerated for raping a Perth schoolgirl, which Merv lied about to Lynch and Sterlo. Soon afterwards, Lynch brutally beats Merv and expels him from the crew. The three head to Sam's estate, where he recruits Lynch and his men to execute a gold heist at Kalgoorlie, where the expected payout is in the millions. Afterwards, a party occurs at the estate, and JR spots Tasha, who he follows to the poolside. Before long, Josh decides to harass JR and pushes him into the pool. JR, unable to swim, is rescued by Tasha, and the two leave the party to eat at a Chinese restaurant. Here, Tasha reveals her previous relationship with Sam, and how people who run from him are killed. The next morning, Lynch warns JR to stay focused on the task at hand and not be distracted by Tasha. They then visit the quarry they plan to rob. Lynch tells JR that his role in the heist will be to access the room with the gold and ensure that no quarry employees press the panic button. Lynch then goes and recruits a rally racer named Chris (Nash Edgerton) to be the getaway driver. Back at Sam's estate, the gang plan the heist, and a fight breaks out between JR and Josh. The fight is broken up and Lynch tells JR to go calm down. JR heads to the bar where he sees Tasha, and scares away some men who are harassing her. Angry with his impulsiveness in scaring away the men, given that she does not have proper immigration papers, Tasha tells JR that he was being stupid, but when JR asks her to coffee, she asks him to meet her in the lake near his house. Later that night, JR sneaks out to meets Tasha and goes skinny dipping with her, and the two have sex in the water. The next day, the group goes ahead with the heist. The group infiltrates the quarry and inserts JR into the ventilation shaft above the gold room. When the time comes, JR successfully intimidates the gold room employees to not press the panic button, and lets the rest of the crew in. Lynch then takes two employees to pour the melted gold into bars, but it goes against the plan and asks Josh to guard the employees while JR watches the gold pouring. This infuriates Josh, who ends up shooting an employee in the leg. Lynch breaks Josh's nose with the stock of a shotgun, and returns to watching the gold being poured. Police arrive, and the crew walks into the open disguised as employees, but holding the real employees at gunpoint. Then, Lynch releases the hostages and opens fire on the police vehicles and personnel. Chris arrives with the getaway vehicle, but on their way out, Sterlo is shot through the abdomen and begins bleeding heavily. Chris manages to incapacitate the two chasing police vehicles and escape, but Sterlo dies at the end of the chase, instructing Lynch to give his cut of the heist to his wife. Sam betrays Lynch, JR, and Tasha, but the three escape safely. The three travel to Melbourne where Sam plans to meet his fence. JR and Lynch sabotage the rendezvous, killing Sam's henchman and kidnapping Josh in the process. After interrogating Josh, they find the gold stashed in a storage unit. Lynch and JR kill Sam in his estate. Before JR and Lynch escape for good, Lynch offers him $350,000 to leave. Here it is revealed that when JR realized Lynch would discard him once he had acquired the gold, JR masterminded a plan to steal the gold with Tasha and take half. Lynch has no choice but to accept JR's terms and wait. Before he receives the gold, however, a woman in a laundromat identifies him as the escaped convict, and Lynch is sent back to jail. Later JR sends Lynch a postcard detailing where the gold has been left for him, and a picture of a pregnant Tasha, hinting at an optimistic future.
tt0075809
Action,Horror,Mystery
On the outskirts of Santa Ynez, two young people named Jimmy (Joshua Davis) and Suzie (Melody Thomas Scott) are riding bicycles along the highway. A vehicle comes from behind and drives right up on them, trapping them on a bridge. The sinister black sedan toys with them before killing them, crashing Suzie against the concrete barrier and then sending Jimmy plummeting to his death off the bridge. The car gives an otherworldly roar from its engine, and an ominous staccato blaring of its horn. Shortly after, near the entrance to Santa Ynez, a young hitchhiker named John Morris (John Rubinstein) observes a local named Amos Clements (R.G. Armstrong) chasing his wife, Bertha (Doris Dowling), out of their house and striking her. The young man attempts to intervene, but Amos demands he leave. As Amos and his wife go back in the house, the young man spies a black car coming up the road, preceded by a high wind. The driver almost hits the young man, and he screams obscenities after it. Suddenly, the car brakes to a halt, and backs up, running over the young man several times before driving off. Amos sees this from a window in his house, and calls the police. Meanwhile, police officer Wade Parent (James Brolin) is waking up with his girlfriend Lauren (Kathleen Lloyd), a local schoolteacher. Wade is a widowed father of two young girls, Lynn Marie (Kim Richards) and Debbie (Kyle Richards). Lauren wants Wade to socialize her with the girls so they can be up front about their relationship, as she is currently sneaking out of the house after she sleeps there, but the girls are already listening to the entire conversation just outside the bedroom door. After Wade drops the girls off at school on his motorcycle, he is summoned to the Clements house in the aftermath of the hitchhiker's death. Several other officers, including Sheriff Everett (John Marley) are interrogating Amos about the incident. Amos provides scant details about the car, and several of the officers note that Amos' wife seems to be rather quiet. Everett (John Marley) is furious that someone in his town has been murdered, despite the fact that Morris was not a local. At first, their vague description of the car turns up a report that someone spotted it driving out of town into a nearby locality, but when Suzie's body turns up, it's clear that something larger is going on. Police officer Luke (Ronny Cox) is terribly upset about it; Jimmy's body has not yet been discovered, and there is suspicion about his involvement in Suzie's death. Luke and Jimmy are close, and Jimmy has lied to Luke about his whereabouts, apparently in an attempt to conceal his relationship with Suzie. Luke is a recovering alcoholic; his wife Margie (Elizabeth Thompson) tells Wade and Lauren that Luke has been sober for two years. Later on that evening, Amos and his family are taken into the office for questioning after someone reports him abusing his wife again. Everett pleads with Bertha to file an official report about her husband's abuse so Everett can arrest him, but Bertha refuses. Everett and Bertha have history together, and Everett tells Wade that Bertha was his first love when they were both young. He watches sadly as she and her son get into their truck and drive off, while Amos goes across the street to a bar. Everett invites Wade to have a drink with him at the tavern, and Wade tells him he'll be along shortly. But as Everett crosses the street, he sees Amos crossing as well, and suddenly the black car roars to life down the street, heading right for Amos. Amos dives for the curb, and the car instead ends up running over Everett. Wade questions the few citizens who witnessed the incident, including an old Navajo woman who doesn't speak English. Chas (Henry O'Brien) is another Native American officer who translates for her as she describes what happened, but he refuses to translate one thing she says, telling Wade it's "Indian talk...she's a crazy old woman." But the dispatcher, Donna (Geraldine Keams), is also Navajo, and she later tells Wade what Chas would not: the woman claims there was no driver in the car. Wade assumes the Sheriff's duties, and requests that roadblocks be put up. He also tells Luke to contact the school and cancel parade rehearsals for the next day. However, a distraction occurs when Jimmy's body is discovered by a fisherman. Luke is despondent over the deaths of both Everett and now Jimmy, and he begins to secretly drink alcohol again. The parade rehearsal happens as scheduled, with Lauren and Margie leading the children. A high wind whips up soon after, and the car appears, shadowing the parade behind a line of tents. Suddenly it bursts through onto the main roadway, spooking the horses and causing them to stampede and throw their riders. The car rushes after the panicked group, striking several adults, including a police officer who was watching over the parade rehearsal. Lauren and the other adults lead them into nearby cliffs to avoid the car, and the large group dashes into a small fenced-in cemetery nearby. Amazingly, the car refuses to enter, despite the fact that it could easily pass through the gate. Lauren distracts the car by taunting it, while Margie sneaks out of the cemetery. The car almost runs her down as she runs across the roadway, but she makes it and summons help using the police officer's radio. The car returns to the cemetery entrance and Lauren continues to curse it, calling the driver a "chicken shit" and hurling a tree branch at it, striking the hood. The car seems furious, whirling in circles and striking one of the entrance pillars to the cemetery, but still it will not enter. Finally, the group hears the approach of police sirens, and the car speeds off. One frightened woman finally finds her voice and screams after the car, "Cat poo!", and the ordeal is finally over. The car speeds off and is spotted by one officer, who follows it up onto a cliff, but it surprises him and turns the tables, slowly pushing him to his death over the cliffside. As Wade rushes to the scene, the car emerges from the hillside and confronts two police cars driving side by side in a blockade. They hope to force the car off the road, but instead it goes into a barrel roll straight for them, rolling over their cars and causing them to crash. The officers inside are all dead, but the car emerges unharmed. Wade then arrives and confronts the car when it ominously rolls to a stop. He fires on it from close range, but the bullets do no harm, not even to the tires. Wade then walks up to the car. As he does so, the door suddenly flies open, knocking him down into a ditch. Wade then wakes up in the hospital, dazed from the experience. He talks with the remaining deputies about keeping the roadblocks up, and Lauren says she will stay at Wade's house with the girls. Wade sends Chas with Lauren to her house to get her things, and then he confronts Luke about why he did not cancel the parade rehearsal as instructed. Luke admits he's been drinking again, unable to cope with the grief of losing both Everett and Jimmy in the same day, not to mention all the other officers who are also now dead after their confrontations with the car. Chas escorts Lauren home, but she notices he is concerned about his family. She tells him to check on his family while she packs an overnight bag, and he leaves. As he drives back up the road, the car rolls silently out of the darkness and waits for him to pass, suddenly roaring to life and taking off in the opposite direction for Lauren's house. A strong wind whips up, and Lauren rushes inside, terrified. She calls Wade in a panic, terrified as she hears the engine of the car approaching. Behind her, the headlights can be seen in her window, and as she talks to Wade on the phone, suddenly the headlights levitate off the ground and the car bursts through her house at high speed, killing her in the process, before driving out the other side and off into the night. Wade and his deputies soon after investigate the remains of the house. Luke understands the significance of what has happened. He comments that the car couldn't enter the cemetery because it was hallowed ground, and it had a vendetta for Lauren because she cursed it. Wade is skeptical, but even he can't explain why the car was able to levitate through Lauren's house. Heartbroken over Lauren's brutal death, Wade is determined to avenge her. He enlists Amos, who works with dynamite, to set up a trap for the car; they will lure it into a quarry and explode the quarry wall, burying it. Wade goes home to check on his children, who are being tended to by Margie. Finding all of them asleep, Wade leaves a note behind telling Margie to take care of the kids. Passing through his garage, he is startled to find the car parked inside there, waiting for him. It traps him in the garage, threatening to run him down each time he makes a move for the door. Margie awakens, unaware of what has transpired and still expecting Lauren to arrive any minute. Wade warns her the car is there and she runs back into the house. The car begins to rev its engine to an ear-shattering decibel, causing the glass in the house to shatter. Margie and the children are terrified, until Wade manages to escape the garage and get to his bike. He takes off with the car chasing him, leading it away from the house and off to the quarry where the trap awaits. The men aren't finished setting up the charges, though, and Wade has to keep the car distracted by circling with it inside the quarry. Finally he overturns his bike and makes a leap for the rope the men have lowered down to him from the cliff; the car realizes what is happening and makes for the road, roaring up the cliffside toward Wade and the others. Wade and Luke stay right at the cliff's edge, luring the car closer, until finally they leap to the side and the car goes flying off the cliff into the quarry below. The men ignite the dynamite and the entire cliffside explodes, burying the car under tons of rubble. In the resulting fireball, a huge demonic apparition forms, vanishing as the fire subsides and the smoke clears. Wade and the others are sure they've buried the car for good. The film concludes with scenes of the car driving around Los Angeles, presumably waiting to claim new victims.
tt0095897
Action,Crime,Mystery
At the Presidio U.S. Army base in San Francisco, MP Patti Jean Lynch (Jenette Goldstein) is shot dead while investigating a break-in on the base and two San Francisco Police officers are killed as they chase the thieves through the hilly streets of San Francisco and their car crashes on a street downtown. Jay Austin (Mark Harmon), a San Francisco police inspector, is sent to investigate. He clashes with Lieutenant Colonel Alan Caldwell (Sean Connery), the base Provost Marshal. Years ago, Austin and Lynch were partners while serving as MPs at the Presidio and Caldwell was their commanding officer. When Austin arrested Colonel Paul Lawrence (Dana Gladstone), Caldwell didn't support him. In the aftermath, Austin was demoted and decided to leave the army. Austin and Caldwell share a mutual dislike for one another. The murder investigation casts suspicion on Lawrence, as Lynch was killed with a Tokarev, a Russian pistol. Lawrence is the registered owner of a Tokarev, but claims he lost it in a poker game. Austin also learns that the getaway car used by Lynch's killer was registered to a civilian named Arthur Peale (Mark Blum), who is wealthy and owns a holding company that, in turn, owns other companies. Austin tries to question Lawrence about the Tokarev, but Caldwell intervenes. Austin's suspicions are further fueled that Caldwell will do anything to protect a fellow officer from civilian authorities, even if he is a killer. Recognizing that part of the case is under Caldwell's jurisdiction at the Presidio and part is under Austin's jurisdiction in San Francisco, they uneasily team up to investigate the case. Caldwell states that if the Tokarev bullet that killed Lynch were to match a bullet fired earlier from Lawrence's Tokarev at the Presidio firing range, then Caldwell will arrange for Lawrence to surrender to Austin for arrest. In the meantime, Caldwell and Austin visit Peale, who claims his car was simply stolen and has an alibi for the night Lynch was shot. However, Caldwell notices Vietnam-era paraphernalia in Peale's office. Using his own contacts, Caldwell learns that Peale was previously in the CIA, and a spy and military advisor in Vietnam at the same time Lawrence was there as an officer. It becomes clear that Lawrence and Peale knew each other. Austin gets the ballistics report back on the Tokarev, which confirms that Lawrence's gun killed Lynch. Ignoring his agreement with Caldwell, Austin corners Lawrence when he leaves the Presidio, resulting in a lengthy footchase through San Francisco's Chinatown. Ultimately, Lawrence is killed in a hit and run by someone driving a blue-colored Pontiac Trans-Am. Caldwell meets him at the scene and is furious that Austin disregarded their agreement. Compounding their past tension, Caldwell is also upset that Austin has started a relationship with his daughter Donna (Meg Ryan). Their relationship is rocky, with Donna alternately teasing and pushing Austin away. Caldwell confides in his friend, retired Sergeant Major Ross Maclure (Jack Warden), who runs the Presidio's war museum. It is revealed in backstory that Caldwell was Maclure's lieutenant during the Vietnam War. Caldwell was very green and relied heavily on Maclure. In one sequence, we learn that Maclure saved an injured Caldwell and attacked a Vietcong platoon waiting to ambush American soldiers, for which he was awarded the Medal of Honor. Caldwell and Austin both figure out that the killer at the Presidio was trying to break into a storeroom to retrieve a bottle of spring water that was delivered earlier that day. Following that lead to the company which delivered the water, Austin gets the name of the driver who made the delivery, George Spota (James Hooks Reynolds). Caldwell recognizes the name as someone who served under Lawrence in Vietnam. Austin confirms that it was Spota's car that hit and killed Lawrence during their footchase; Spota's car is actually yellow but had recently been painted blue. Caldwell learns that the water company Spota works for is owned by Arthur Peale, thus confirming that Spota, Peale, and Lawrence were working together. Austin and Caldwell follow Spota during his daily water deliveries. Spota makes a delivery to Travis Air Force Base. Under surveillance by Austin and Caldwell, Spota picks up a bottle of water that was transported to the Air Force base from the Philippines. Austin and Caldwell follow Spota and the bottle of water back to the water company. Unsure what is in the water bottle that makes it so valuable, Austin and Caldwell see the edges of the conspiracy come together. Spota, Lawrence and Peale all knew each other in Vietnam. It appears that Spota picked up a delivery of water from the Philippines, but accidentally left that water bottle in the storeroom at the Presidio. When he realized his mistake, he went back to retrieve it. Lynch surprised him during the break-in and she was shot. Just as they figure the scope of the robbery and murder, they see Maclure drive up to the water company. With a terrible realization, Caldwell figures out that Peale and Lawrence would have needed someone like Maclure to carry out the smuggling, because Maclure had excellent contacts within the US military in Asia. Inside the water company, Spota and Peale open the water bottle that came from the Philippines, revealing that diamonds were smuggled inside--the diamonds being nearly invisible in the clear water. Maclure comes in and surprises them holding his own .45 pistol from the base museum. Peale reveals that Lawrence was blackmailing Maclure about something Maclure did while in Vietnam. Peale tries to convince Maclure to let the smuggling operation continue. But Maclure is disgusted with himself and heartbroken over the death of Lynch, whom he knew. He says the smuggling must stop, but then is stripped of his gun by Peale's men. Just as Peale is about to kill Maclure, Caldwell and Austin enter the water company to save him. A gun fight ensues, during which Peale and his men are killed, and Maclure is fatally wounded while trying to pass his pistol to Caldwell. Caldwell asks Austin to delay his police report by 48 hours to give Caldwell time to bury Maclure with his honor intact. Austin agrees and the final scene is at a military cemetery where Caldwell tearfully eulogizes Maclure. At the end of the film, Caldwell reconciles with Donna and grudgingly admits Austin into the family.
tt0092974
Comedy,Family
Long ago, a young Plains warrior is tested by being the target of three different weapons. Centuries later, Ernest P. Worrell (Jim Varney) is a dim-witted redneck who works as a maintenance man at Kamp Kikakee but hopes to become a counselor. He quickly becomes a valuable addition to the staff, skilled at Plains Indian Sign Language, used by Kikakee's owner, Chief St. Cloud ('Iron Eyes' Cody). A small group of juvenile delinquents, the Second Chancers, come to Kikakee. Head Counselor Tipton (Larry Black) assigns Kikakee's most experienced counselor, Ross Stennis, to be the boys' counselor. Stennis is unhappy with this, and he treats the boys harshly. After he goes too far by intentionally causing Moustafa Jones, the smallest boy in the group, to nearly drown in the lake during swimming, only for Moustafa to be rescued by Ernest, the boys retaliate against Stennis' cruelness by toppling his lifeguard perch into the lake, badly injuring Stennis' leg in the process. With Stennis no longer able to perform his duties as a counselor, and Kikakee already shorthanded, Tipton offers Stennis' position to Ernest. The Second Chancers initially give Ernest trouble, but they start to show respect during a campfire session when Nurse St. Cloud (Victoria Racimo) translates her grandfather's description of the warrior initiation ritual for his tribe. The initiate must hold still while a knife, a stone hatchet, and an arrow are thrown or shot at him. The courage of the young warrior apparently alters the course of each weapon to prevent it from striking. The Second Chancers build a tepee only to find it burned. They fight Pennington, one of the regular campers, because he was responsible. Tipton is poised to expel them, but Ernest convinces him otherwise. Meanwhile, an evil mining corporation run by Sherman Krader (John Vernon) wants the petrocite at Kikakee. Chief St. Cloud refuses to sell. Krader manipulates Ernest into obtaining the chief's signature. Using Ernest as an interpreter, St. Cloud signs the land away. Tipton sadly announces that the camp must close. Nurse St. Cloud confronts Ernest, who stammers that he will fix the situation. Ernest and the Second Chancers storm into the construction site and demand the boss. Krader is not present, but the foreman, Bronk, beats up Ernest, who goes away alone. Later, Nurse St. Cloud overhears the kids demeaning Ernest's effort, so she reveals that Ernest is the only person who has defended them. They resolve to find him and apologize. Krader is poised to demolish Kikakee, and while the regular staff and campers are sent home, Ernest and the Second Chancers decide to risk openly attacking the construction site to stall for time. They are joined by Chief St. Cloud, chefs Jake and Eddie, and former camper rivals, Pennington and Brooks. The group improvises some non-lethal weapons. Chief St. Cloud arrives to bless the fighters, though Nurse St. Cloud begs them not to go through with it. The assault quickly cripples the construction site's equipment. However, the foreman escapes in a bulldozer and destroys several camp buildings. The group stops him with Ernest's motorized maintenance cart filled with explosives. Ernest then knocks out Bronk. Krader arrives with his lawyer. He targets Ernest with his hunting rifle. Echoing Kikakee's ancient testimonial pow wow, Ernest faces down Krader and apparently passes the test as Krader takes three shots at him, missing every time. Ernest then plugs Krader's hunting rifle with his finger and laughs in his face, signaling his defeat. Krader's lawyer says Krader has finally encountered a force too powerful for him. As Krader retreats, Nurse St. Cloud returns with an injunction against the demolition. Later, Kamp Kikakee is operational with all campers and a full staff. Nurse St. Cloud thanks Ernest for all he has done, and reveals Krader was arrested for fraud. Chief St. Cloud now seems to understand English, and Ernest is a full-fledged counselor. When trying to rebuild the Kamp Kikakee sign, Ernest falls and is knocked out.
tt0109936
Comedy
Joe MacTeague [Kirk Douglas] is a rich old man but he wants to know which of his relatives really cares about him.His nephews and niece Carl [Ed Begley jr],Frank [Phil Hartman],Glen [Jere Burns] and Patti [Colleen Camp] visit him time and again at his mansion to please,amuse and generally suck up to him,even trying to outdo each other to try and win favour with him for his fortune. One day,they discover Joe has hired a beautiful english woman called Molly [Olivia D,Abo] to serve him as a private nurse and after witnessing how close the two of them seem, the family start to worry about her intentions for their Uncle's money.They hire a private detective to find more out about her and soon realise that they can't possibly compete with what Molly can offer Joe.Desperate not to give up,they decide to track down Danny [Michael J.Fox] now a grown up bowler,who was forced to leave the family years earlier with his father,after an heated argument with Joe.But the family remember how fond of Danny jr,Joe was. Danny has had to give up his bowling career after injuring his wrist,but has decided to invest in a bowling centre with a couple of friends.He tells his girlfriend Robin [Nancy Travis] that it's going to cost $300,000 dollars,but he soon realises he could be in luck when the detective tracks him down, and tells him about his family's invitation to Joe's.Danny asks him for a loan,but Joe tells him he will only lend him the money if he chooses him over his dad.Danny refuses. Later,Joe apologizes for suggesting something like that,but tells him it was because he was testing him to see if he was like his relatives.Danny soon realises that Joe is becoming ill and starts to worry when Joe tells him he plans on giving his money to Molly.Danny moves in with him to try and prevent that from happening.And it works.But his relatives are angry that he doesn't plan on sharing any money with them after deciding that they're scumbags and Molly is angry that he's taking Joe's money while he's still alive. Desperate for none of the Macteague's to get their inheritance,Molly decides to finally do what she said she never would - have sex with the old man.But just as she is about to go through with it,they are interrupted by Danny's father,who is disgusted that nothing has changed in the household since he left.Danny gets into a huge argument with him and ends up choosing Uncle Joe over his dad.Molly decides to leave after she realises how low she nearly sunk,and that deep down she was only ever really there for the money.Robin tries to comfort Danny about the situation with his dad,but he tells her that it wasn't really his dad.It was in fact an actor that he'd hired,in order to make out to his uncle that he loved him more than his dad.Robin is disgusted and leaves. At Joe's attorney's office,Danny is waiting with Joe ready to gain all of his money and posessions,but they are interrupted by the rest of the family who have brought along Danny's real father.Feeling ashamed that his dad knows all about his schemes,Danny admits that he's become just as greedy as the rest of them.But he and the family soon find out that not only is Joe broke,he's also $93,000 dollars in debt.A fight breaks out between the family and everyone is told to leave,but not before Danny tells Joe how much he hates him.But when Danny goes back to Robin,she reminds him how much he does actually care about his uncle. The two of them let the ill and homeless Joe stay with them in their apartment,but Joe has a surprise for them when they look out the window and see his butler across the street with Molly.He's not really broke."I'm richer than shit".He tells them that they've proved their love for him and they can stay with him at his mansion and co - own everything of his.And his final surprise for them - he gets up out of his wheelchair and walks out.
tt0100318
Thriller
Carter Hayes (Michael Keaton) makes love to a woman (Beverly D'Angelo) in a nice house as 2 men enter and attack him with a bat. He talks about leaving. Drake (Matthew Modine) and girlfriend Patty (Melanie Griffith) are house hunting in San Francisco. They purchase a house with rooms that can be rented, and set about remodelling. Several people look at the units, and Toshio (Mako) and Mira (Nobu McCarthy) Watanabe rent one. Another potential renter, Lou Baker (Carl Lumbly), wants to rent the other, but his application is lost during move-in. Carter arrives and pays for 2 month's rent, but refuses to fill out a credit application. Drake calls Carter's references and speaks to Carter's lover Ann, who asks for the house address. Carter seems shifty, but covers smoothly when questioned. His down payment never arrives, but he's already moved in. Construction work seems to be going on in his unit, and Carter has changed the locks. He also seems to be fixated with phone books. Drake tries to sue for eviction; Drake and Patty are short on money, and tempers flare. Drake witnesses a fight between Carter and his roommate, and realizes Carter has been breeding cockroaches to drive off the other tenants. The courts rule against Drake, and Carter continues to annoy him. Patty has a miscarriage. Carter comes by the next morning, and Drake attacks him. The police, tipped off by Carter prior, arrest Drake. Carter files for a restraining order and begins stalking Patty. Drake tries to see Patty and Carter shoots him and places a tire iron in his hand, framing him for assault. The courts finally evict Carter, but he has stripped the place bare. Patty files a police report with, of all people, Detective Baker, the original rent applicant. Patty discovers Carter's name is James Danforth, and that he is legally severed from his family trust. Patty begins tracking Carter's previous scams, questioning Ann and learning where Carter is. She tails him, watching him scam other people. She sneaks into his hotel room and charges up a huge room service bill. She also tells Drake to cancel his credit cards, as Carter has been using them. Carter is arrested. Patty and Drake start to rebuild their house. Carter sneaks in and attacks Drake. He comes after Patty, and she and Drake fight him, killing him. Months later, Drake and Patty are selling this house - for a profit. ==================================================================== At an upscale Palm Springs resort, a man, Carter Hayes and his lover, Ann, are enjoying an evening of sex. Suddenly, the door bursts open and two men with baseball bats enter and beat him severely. Ann is mildly injured herself. She holds Carter, who talks about leaving. In San Francisco Drake Goodman and his girlfriend Patty Palmer are house hunting in the city's upscale Pacific Heights neighborhood. They find a large, Victorian fixer-upper comprised of three apartments. Patty and Drake look upon the house as an investment and know they can make their mortgage payments by renting out two of the apartments: one is a small studio, the other is a one-bedroom. Patty and Drake fix them up to look more modern, handling almost all the work themselves. Among the first applicants are a pleasant Japanese couple, Toshio and Mira Watanabe, who agree to rent the one-bedroom. Another applicant, Lou Baker, talks about how he and his wife are divorcing and he needs a place to live. He's reluctant to fill out a credit application but Patty insists and Baker finally agrees, saying that he's been nervous because of the trouble with his wife. He returns the application, slipping it under the front door, however it becomes lost when the Watanabe's move in. While screening applicants for the studio, Drake meets Carter Hayes. Hayes is also reluctant to fill out an application for credit & references and also flashes a large amount of money in front of Drake, promising he'll pay for the security deposit and six months rent in advance, however he also says that he's unexpectedly short. Drake agrees, believing that Hayes will wire the money to his bank account but is also firm about Hayes filling out the application. The woman that Hayes was in bed with when he was beaten acts as a reference for Hayes and tells Drake that he was a model tenant when he rented from her. Patty finds Hayes in the apartment one day, asking who he is and seeing that Hayes has brought dozens of out-of-town phone books with him and has stacked them around. Hayes explains that he'd talked to Drake, who'd said weeks prior that he could move in. Patty wonders why Drake wouldn't tell her; Drake tells her that Hayes should not be occupying the apartment because they haven't received his security deposit. Drake becomes increasingly frustrated and angry when the bank tells him the money hasn't arrived. When he tries to talk to Hayes, a strange man, Greg, answers the door and tells Drake that Hayes is out of town. Just then Ann arrives, demanding to speak to Carter. Greg lets her in & the two begin to argue, ignoring Drake. One night Toshio complains to Drake that there is loud pounding and other noise coming from Hayes' apartment. When Drake tries to enter the apartment to investigate, he finds that Hayes has changed the locks. The noise continues. In a fury, Drake illegally turns off the electricity and heat to the unit. Hayes calls the police who, though they understand Drake's plight, order him to turn on the utilities. They also inform Drake that tenant's laws protect Hayes as much as his landlord. Patty and Drake are then forced to hire an exterminator when roaches appear under Toshio and Mira's sink. The expense will be high and the couple are already in debt, creating further tension between them. To evict Hayes, Drake and Patty retain a lawyer, Stephanie MacDonald, who tells them that cases like this are common: a con-artist who knows the laws and the system will act the same way that Hayes has & even try to drive out the owners of the property. The case will take several months and the possibility of getting any money from Hayes is near zero, however, Drake and Patty simply want Hayes gone. Patty also tells Drake that she's pregnant. Another night Hayes makes even more noise in his apartment and Drake enters the crawlspace under the studio and, through an air duct, witnesses an argument between Greg and Hayes, which escalates into a physical fight. A jar falls on the air duct and shatters, spilling large roaches onto Drake's face. Later, in their apartment, Drake surmises correctly that Hayes is somehow breeding roaches in his apartment in an attempt to drive out the Watanabes. Drake also discovers that Hayes has kidnapped the stray cat Drake and Patty took in when they moved into the house. Patty starts to feel ill, having morning sickness. Drake comes home one night to find Patty weak and crying in the bathroom. She has miscarried the pregnancy and ends up hospitalized for a few days. When she returns, Hayes shows up at their door, offering flowers in sympathy for Patty and to make peace between him and Drake. Drake is infuriated and tackles Hayes. The two fall down the stairs and Drake beats Hayes severely. Just then, the police arrive an arrest Drake -- Hayes had phoned the police and reported a physical altercation in the house prior to talking to Patty and Drake. Drake is charged with assault and Hayes obtains a restraining order that keeps Drake from coming within 500 yards of the house. Drake stays with a friend. Patty, spooked when Hayes places a harassing phone call to her, calls Drake at their friend's house. Drake goes to his house immediately and enters in violation of the restraining order. Hayes finds him in the main hallway of the house and shoots him in the arm and shoulder with a pistol. He places a crowbar in Drake's hand, again framing him for assault. With Drake in the hospital, Stephanie is able to procure a court order to finally evict Hayes. Patty oversees the procedure. A city sheriff has the door opened and Patty finds that the apartment has been completely stripped. Hayes and his partner had everything removed and probably sold. At the police station Patty meets with Baker, the man that had applied first for the studio apartment, who turns out to be an SFPD detective. He says he'll do what he can to retrieve the stolen property but cases like this are hard to solve. He suggests that Patty let it go and consider herself and Drake lucky that Hayes didn't seize the house from them. Among the ruins in the studio, Patty finds a photograph that has a name on it: James Danforth. Patty begins to investigate the name and finds that Hayes had once been a member of an affluent family and the recipient of a private trust, however his family now pays him to stay away from them. Patty tracks Hayes to Palm Springs and finds Ann, who tells Patty she loves Drake but tolerates his games and even partners with him to con others -- the house she currently lives, the one they were both beaten in, was awarded to her and Hayes when the landlord tried to evict them by force. She shows Patty a postcard she'd gotten from Hayes with a picture of a Los Angeles hotel on it. Patty goes to LA looking for Hayes at the hotel. She follows him and finds out he's spending a large amount of his time with a rich widow. Patty is able to fool one of the housekeeping staff into letting her into Hayes' room at the hotel and discovers that he has been staying there under the name of Drake Goodman. He has even had identification cards forged with Drake's name and has set up credit accounts and an identical bank account in Drake's name. Patty craftily begins to turn the tide against Hayes by posing as Carter's wife and then charging an huge amount of hotel services to Hayes' room, reporting the fake credit cards and Hayes' traveler's checks as stolen, reporting his stolen Porsche to the police and stealing a large amount of petty cash for herself. She has Drake call the customer service number for the duplicate bank account and cancel it. When Hayes returns to the hotel, the hotel manager tells him that there are problems with his credit. The manager also tells Hayes that his "wife" is responsible for the charges to his room. The manager allows Hayes to go to his room to find answers; he and Patty pass in the hallway and Patty narrowly escapes. Hayes is arrested but doesn't stay in jail for long; he convinces the widow he's been sweet-talking to post bail for him. At home, Drake rests upstairs from his hospital stay and Patty performs a few touch-ups on the studio. She uses a pneumatic nail gun to put pieces of plywood over the holes Hayes left in the floor. Hayes returns to the house and beats Drake with a golf-club. Hayes tricks Patty into re-entering the apartment by imitating their cat, locks the door and threatens her with the nail gun. Drake, unable to enter because of the latched door, tries to enter through the hole in the floor. Patty is able to temporarily force Hayes off her and Drake grabs his leg from below the hole, causing Hayes to pitch backwards and fall on the sharpened ends of the piping to the sink he stole. Hayes twitches and dies. Several months later, Patty and Drake sell the house to another yuppie couple. When asked why they want to walk away from such a beautiful home, Patty says "it was just an investment."
tt0098519
Adventure,Comedy
At a Southern California Wilderness Girls of America board meeting, the militaristic Velda Plendor (Betty Thomas) votes to disband the Beverly Hills chapter, Troop 332, since the scouts consistently under-perform. However, the organization's leader, Frances Temple (Audra Lindley), allows troop Beverly Hills one last chance with its new leader, Phyllis Nefler (Shelley Long). Unknown to the board, Phyllis is a shallow, self-indulgent, compulsive shopper with expensive tastes, and is determined to bankrupt her husband, Fred (Craig T. Nelson), before their pending divorce. Although the couple's adolescent daughter, Hannah (Jenny Lewis), is delighted that Phyllis is her new Wilderness Girls troop leader, Fred doubts that his wife, who once scrimped and saved to start his now-successful car muffler business, can prioritize camping over shopping. Despite their antagonism, Phyllis secretly longs for Fred, who has taken up residence in the guesthouse on the property. Sometime later, Phyllis attends a training session lead by Velda Plendor. Dressed in a custom-made designer uniform and heedless of the Wilderness Girls's staunch codes of humility, Phyllis provokes Velda's crusade to get rid of troop Beverly Hills. The next day, Phyllis meets each of the new wealthy and spoiled Beverly Hills girls of her new group who include Hannah, Claire Sprantz (Ami Foster), Chica Barnfell (Carla Gugino), Tessa DiBlasio (Heather Hopper), Emily Coleman (Kelli Martin), Tiffany Honigman (Emily Schulman), the sole African-American girl Jasmine Shakar (Tasha Scott), the daughter of a Southeast Asian dictator Lily Marcigan (Aquilina Soriano), and finally Hannah Nefler (Jenny Lewis). Phyllis takes the girls to a campsite beneath the Hollywood sign, chauffeured in limousines. During a rainstorm, Phyllis relocates the girls to the Beverly Hills Hotel, where they share ghost stories around the fireplace. The next morning, Velda and her long-suffering sidekick, Annie Herman (Mary Gross), arrive at the hotel to berate Phyllis, claiming she has debased their wholesome organization. Although Velma fires Phyllis, the indomitable Beverly Hills troop leader later attends the Annual Wilderness Craft Day convention and leads her girls in a fashion show, but they are laughed offstage. Meanwhile, Velda secretly orders Anne to spy on troop Beverly Hills with a hidden camera, posing as an assistant leader. At the next troop meeting, Hannah and the other girls confess their discontent. In response, Phyllis promises to train the girls how to survive the "wilderness" of Beverly Hills and to earn Wilderness Girls patches based on their accomplishments. Responding to the "Grooming," "Create a Patch," "Dance," and "Community Service" mandates of the Wilderness Girls manual, Phyllis treats the young ladies to spa treatments, teaches them to appraise diamonds, leads them in dance moves, arranges cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) training with a handsome police officer, and lets them entertain residents at a retirement home. Sometime later, Phyllis brings the troop to her divorce hearing to expose them to the U.S. legal system, and is devastated to learn that Fred is considering remarriage. The next day, Phyllis announces that the girls broke a record by earning 36 patches in three weeks, and plans a celebration aboard a dockside yacht. There, Hannah is decorated with her special "Sushi Appreciation" patch with parents Phyllis and Fred standing proudly on either side, but when they bend to kiss their daughter, Hannah ducks, hoping the soon-to-be divorcees will kiss each other. In the melee, Fred's fiancee, Vicki Sprantz (Stephanie Beacham), falls off the yacht. Sometime later, Velda proudly exhibits a slideshow of Annie's secret photographs to the organization's leader, Frances Temple, hoping to have troop Beverly Hills disbanded for good, while she lies and manipulates each event happening in each photo in a negative away. However, Frances questions Velda's clandestine slides, and decides to maintain Phyllis' leadership. In response, Velda orders Annie to move into the Nefler estate to uncover incriminating evidence, but Annie only witnesses Phyllis' kindness. Finally having had enough of Velda's abrasiveness, Annie decides to quit spying on Phyllis for Velda and throws away her mini camera. Sometime later, Velda announces that the two troops that sell over 1,000 boxes of cookies will compete at the Wilderness' Girls Annual Jamboree to be that year's champions. Although the red-feathered Culver City troop plots to take over the Beverly Hills territory, Phyllis arranges a dance performance and fashion show that results in the top-selling of 4,732 boxes. In celebration, Phyllis invites Velda to a black tie gala. When Fred shows up unexpectedly, he compliments his wife for becoming troop leader of the year, and notices she has reverted to the virtuous girl he fell in love with. As Fred announces that his engagement to Vicki has ended, Phyllis suspects he wants to renew their vows, but instead he asks for joint custody of Hannah, and the distressed Phyllis falls into the pool. Later, Velda berates Phyllis and orders her to take the Wilderness Jamboree seriously. Depressed at the loss of her husband, Phyllis drowns her sorrows in Evian bottled water and announces her resignation from troop Beverly Hills. However, the girls insist she has been a positive role model, and beg her to stay. Just then, Fred arrives with Hannah, and encourages Phyllis to lead the girls to victory at the jamboree. Sometime later, troop Beverly Hills arrives at the jamboree campsite in convertible Rolls Royces, ready to outperform the Culver City girls. As the teams race off on their first challenge, Velda fires Annie, who has defected and become Phyllis' confidante, and the girls of troop Beverly Hills are left to their own devices. Meanwhile, the Culver City red-feathers sabotage troop Beverly Hills and Phyllis loses her walkie-talkie after running away from a snake. Although it appears the red-feathers will win, troop Beverly Hills comes in first, sprinting away from a skunk. The next day, Velda takes over as the red-feathers' leader and secretly severs the cords of a rope bridge. When Phyllis finds the collapsed bridge, she cries that the game is lost, but Hannah points out a nearby fallen tree that also crosses the ravine. Phyllis totters across the trunk so she can refasten the rope bridge. However, she slips and Hannah hurries to help her mother. Although the girl's foot gets stuck, Phyllis dislodges her and they successfully cross the gorge. Watching through binoculars, Velda realizes troop Beverly Hills has repaired the bridge and decides to lead her group on a dangerous short cut. Eager to get to the finish line, Velda trips and breaks her ankle, but the Culver City girls, including Velda's own daughter, leave their leader behind and march toward the finish line. Meanwhile, troop Beverly Hills stops to help Velda, but the cantankerous woman refuses to advise them of a shortcut, despite her injury, because she is intent on the red-feathers' victory. Using their designer backpacks to create a makeshift stretcher, the girls drag Velda to the finish line. Although Culver City arrives first, they are disqualified because they are devoid of their leader. Just then, troop Beverly Hills crosses the finish line and are awarded the championship trophy. As Velda is fired from the organization, the parents celebrate their daughters' victory. Fred kisses Phyllis, declares his love, and proposes remarriage. In the final scene, Velda is seen working as a cashier and announcer at K-Mart.
tt0097388
Adventure,Horror,Thriller
One year after the conclusion of the last film (Part 7), a boat's anchor hits an underwater power line cable, causing a short circuit at the bottom of Crystal Lake. As a result, the undead serial killer Jason Voorhees (Kane Hodder) is resurrected once again. He immediately finds the boat's occupants, a high school couple named Jim Miller (Todd Shaffer) and Suzie Donaldson (Tiffany Paulsen), having sex. Obtaining a new hockey mask from the boat (which Jim had previously used to scare Suzie), he kills Jim with the barrel of a harpoon gun. Suzie attempts to hide in a storage hatch, but Jason discovers her and jams the harpoon into her chest. The next morning, the steamer SS Lazarus, containing the senior class of Lakeview High, is bound for nearby New York City for the school's graduation. The trip is chaperoned by Colleen Van Deusen (Barbara Bingham) and biology teacher Charles McCulloch (Peter Mark Richman), who has also brought along his niece, Rennie (Jensen Daggett). Before the ship sets sail, Jason (having somehow sailed Jim and Suzie's boat to the marina) grabs a hold of the ship's anchor and climbs aboard. As the night continues on, Rennie keeps having visions of Jason as a child (Timothy Burr Mirkovich) when he drowned. Jason then starts murdering the people on board, starting with a wannabe rock star named J.J. (Saffron Henderson), whom he kills by bashing her head with her own electric guitar. He then ambushes a young boxer in a sauna and hits him with a sauna rock in his chest. Tamara Mason (Sharlene Martin) goes to take a shower. Jason breaks through the door and strips Tamara, leaving her completely naked. She begs for mercy and tries to hide her nakedness with a bathroom towel as Jason shatters the bathroom mirror and impales her with a broken glass shard. Her dead body is later discovered lying on the floor. Jason then kills the captain of the Lazarus, Admiral Robertson (Warren Munson) and the chief engineer Jim Carlson (Fred Henderson), leaving the two chaperones, Rennie, and the remaining students to try and track down and kill Jason. They fail, after Jason strangles one of the female students, Eva Watanabe (Kelly Hu), on a dance floor, then throws one boy, Miles Wolfe (Gordon Currie), over the captain's quarters and onto the deck post. However, Wayne's death, involving being thrown into a control panel, causes a fire, burning the fuel tanks, and blowing a hole in the ship's hull. Jason then comes extremely close to killing Rennie by almost choking her to death as his bursts his decomposing arm through a porthole. She then manages to stick a pen up his left eye. Then Charles, Rennie, Colleen, two other students, Julius (V.C. Dupree) and the captain's son, Sean Robertson (Scott Reeves), and Rennie's dog, Toby (Ace), abandon the ship in a lifeboat as the ship continues to burn with the remaining students onboard. As the group continues to row to safety, they finally arrive in New York City. Jason has followed them there, however, and kills two gang-bangers. Jason then kills Julius (decapitated by a single punch), then a cop (Roger Barnes) the group comes across. Colleen is killed accidentally when immolated in an exploding car. Finally, Charles is caught by Jason and dunked in a barrel of sewage, leaving Sean and Rennie running for their lives. Rennie has a flashback to an event from her early childhood where she was learning how to swim in Crystal Lake and was almost killed by a young drowned Jason, looking as he did in the original Friday the 13th. The infuriated Jason is now on the warpath and after a chase that spans from the subway system to Times Square, Rennie and Sean first run into a diner, followed by the sewers of Manhattan, where Jason follows and kills a sanitation worker (David Longworth). Rennie and Sean try to escape from the tunnel by climbing up a metal ladder just as a flood of toxic waste races through the tunnel. Rennie manages to knock the persuing Jason off the ladder and whom lands in the toxic waste. Much of Jason's body melts; all that is left is a young boy lying at the bottom of the sewer. Rennie and Sean reunite with the dog Toby on the streets above.
tt0120524
Fantasy,Horror
The narrator, Angus Scrimm, in his only words in the film, introduces the audience to the creatures called "djinn***" ***(which are actually mohammedian efreets; correction should concern every following mistake)." with the following statement: Once, in a time before time, God breathed life into the universe. And the light gave birth to Angels. And the earth gave birth to Man. And the fire gave birth to the Djinn, creatures condemned to dwell in the void between the worlds. One who wakes a Djinn shall be given three wishes. Upon the granting of the third, the unholy legions of the Djinn shall be freed to rule the earth. Fear one thing in all there is...fear the Djinn. The next scene is set in Persia during the year 1127 A.D. with the Djinn asking a Persian emperor to make his second wish. The emperor asks the Djinn to show him wonders. The Djinn uses his powers to torture and mutilate people in the palace. Before the emperor can make his third wish, Zoroaster, a sorcerer (Ari Barak), interrupts and states that upon the third wish granted to the one who woke the Djinn, a gateway will open between the worlds and the evil race of Djinn can live on earth. The sorcerer then reveals a fire opal. The Djinn is sucked into the jewel, where he remains captured. In present day America Raymond Beaumont (Robert Englund) is supervising workers as they lower a box containing an antique statue of Ahura Mazda onto a ship's deck. The worker who is lowering the crate is drinking on the job and accidentally drops it from his crane, killing Beaumont's assistant (Ted Raimi) and destroying the statue. It breaks open and a dockworker finds the fire opal inside which he steals and pawns. The jewel ends up at Regal Auctioneers, where boss Nick Merritt (Chris Lemmon) gives it to appraiser Alexandra Amberson to examine. Her examinations of the jewel wake the Djinn. Thinking she saw something inside the jewel, Alexandra takes it to her labworker best friend and potential love interest, Josh Aickman (Tony Crane) to analyze. Later, as he is collecting data, light reflections cause the gem to explode and the Djinn is released. The lab is destroyed and Josh is killed, upon his wish for relief from his physical pain. Alex, thinking the gem has something to do with the explosion and subsequent death of Josh, tracks down Beaumont, to whom the statue belonged. Beaumont tells Alex to visit a folklore professor named Wendy Derleth (Jenny O'Hara) to find out more about Ahura Mazda and the gem. He also invites Alex and her sister, Shannon (Wendy Benson) to a party he is hosting. The folklore professor tells Alex about the jewel, the Djinn, and its evil history. Later, Alex learns that the Djinn needs to power the gem with the soul of humans, and then grant her three wishes before he can unleash the Djinn on Earth. During this time, the Djinn, who had been in demonic form removes the face of a corpse in the morgue, taking on the dead man's form and the name Nathaniel Demerest. The Djinn, now as Nathaniel, goes about granting people wishes in return for their souls while he searches for Alex. He finally tracks down Alex's boss and grants him a greed-inflicted wish so that he can get Alex's address. Alex is haunted by visions whenever the Djinn grants a wish. She goes to Wendy's house to consult with her again, but Nathaniel has already killed her and taken her form. During their conversation, Alex realizes she is really talking to the Djinn. He confronts her and asks her to make three wishes. He even gives her a "test" wish. She uses this wish and orders the Djinn to kill itself. He complies by blowing his head off with a gun, yet the wound heals instantly; as the Djinn is immortal, he cannot be killed. Alex then uses the first of the "official" three wishes: Her first being to know her opponent, the Djinn. He teleports her to his terrifying world within the gem, thus demonstrating his true nature to her. Next, she wishes herself back to her apartment, alone. The Djinn had been threatening Alex's sister, so Alex sets about finding Shannon. She races to Beaumont's party and Nathaniel follows. While talking to Nathaniel at the party, Beaumont makes the mistake of wishing his party would be unforgettable, and Nathaniel begins wreaking havoc by causing the art pieces to kill the guests. The Djinn finally corners Alex and traps Shannon, trying to scare Alex into making the ultimate third wish. Alex wishes that the dockworker had not been drinking on the job two days ago undoing the events that followed (and presumably reviving the Djinn's victims back to life) and trapping the Djinn in the opal. The dock scene is shown again and the now sober operator has no trouble lowering the crate containing Ahura Mazda. Alex goes to see Josh at the lab. He notices that Alex is strangely pleased with herself, but she will not say why. Back on the statue of Ahura Mazda, which is now in Beaumont's private collection, the camera zooms inside the jewel and shows us the Djinn on a throne, waiting to be released.
tt0107286
Action,Crime,Drama
Frank Wyatt (Emilio Estevez) leaves his wife and baby daughter at home for a night out with his friends to see a professional boxing match in modern Chicago. Frank is joined by Mike Peterson (Cuba Gooding Jr.) and Ray Cochran (Jeremy Piven) who shows up in a lavish RV Ray is "testing out" for his business. When another friend of the guys cancels Frank invites his brother John (Stephen Dorff), and they all head to the city for the boxing match. Stuck in a traffic jam en-route, John gets into a fight with another driver. Frustrated by the delay, Ray decides to save time by getting off the crowded expressway and search for a shortcut through a poor, residential neighborhood. The four friends are alarmed when they run over something. John, Mike and Frank get out to investigate, and find a man named Teddy (Michael DeLorenzo) lying in the street hurt, and they take him back into the RV. Ray gathers up all the liquor and empty liquor bottles and tosses them to erase any evidence that the guys had been drinking. Upon examining Teddy for injuries they found that he had been shot, and with a paperbag of money in his possession. Mike hears a police car, which the group sees drive through the intersection ahead a few seconds later. Frank jumps into the driver's seat and begins pursuing the squad car. Unable to catch up to the police, their vehicle is suddenly struck by a car. The impact forces them into a narrow alleyway, leaving the RV damaged, stuck between two brick walls, and unable to start. Moments after the crash three unknown men drag Teddy out of the RV through the back window. The psychotic and ruthless leader of the gang, Fallon (Denis Leary), arrives in the vehicle that struck them. Still inside the RV the four friends overhear the group talking about their suspicions that Teddy had stolen money from Fallon. Fallon shoots and kills Teddy and reminds the rest of the gang that they have a policy to leave no witnesses. As the group of criminals approaches the RV, Mike breaks the windshield as Frank sets the RV on fire, and all four escape through the front window and run. The film continues with the four friends hiding and trying to outrun the gang until they think they've gotten away. They head to a railyard and hide aboard an empty train. Fallon and his gang search the yard and trains for the guys. While hiding inside the car of a old train Frank and his friends are frightened by some sleazy homeless people who were aboard the train already. The homeless ringleader blackmails them to alert Fallon's gang to their location unless they pay them for their silence. Ray gives up his watch, Frank gives up his wallet, while John gives up his pocket change and Mike gives up his gold chain necklace. A mentally retarded member of the other homeless men aboard the train, Buck, shows interest in Mike's (Purdue) jacket by stating and repeating that he is a college graduate. When Mike refuses to give up his jacket the homeless man becomes angry and gets loud. Fallon and his gang were leaving the railyard when they heard the shouting coming from the railcar. As they open the car everyone aboard jumps off and starts running. Fallon shoots a guy wearing the (Purdue) jacket and it turned out to be Buck, the homeless guy who was wearing Mike's jacket. The homeless guy is in possession of Frank's wallet when he is killed by Fallon. Fallon recovers the wallet and now knows who Frank is, his family, and where he lives. Frank and the guys continue to outrun Fallon and his gang until they eventually find an apartment building. With an open door Frank and the guys all run inside. They hole up in the apartment of two overprotective women, mothers Clarissa and Rita, and call the police minutes before the criminals catch up with them. Determined to get Frank and his friends, Fallon and his gang terrorize the building's tenants. Hearing them terrorize the tenants the enraged women demand that Frank and his friends leave. One of the women, Rita, suggests that they head to the roof of the building to escape Fallon. They flee to the rooftop and Mike, John, and Frank manage to cross over to the neighboring building's roof with the use a ladder. Because of Ray's fear of heights, he decides to knock the ladder off and stay behind and try to negotiate with Fallon, convinced that Fallon will spare their lives. However, Fallon pushes Ray off the roof and Ray falls to his death. Escaping into the sewers, Mike suggests that they fight back against their pursuers and Frank and John agree. Sykes, Fallon's righthand man and best friend, catches up with them, and after a brief confrontation has his gun wrestled away and he is shot and killed by Mike. Frank chooses not to risk their lives anymore, so they escape the sewer and decide to keep running. Within the sewer, the remaining members of Fallon's gang find the body of Sykes. A comment made by one of the gang members annoys Fallon and he drowns him. While hiding once more in an abandonded building, the three remaining friends see a bus and try to flag the driver down. The driver sees them but, thinking they're other gang members, decides to drive off leaving them behind. Searching for help, Mike breaks the window of a closed grocery store, in the hopes it will trigger the alarm and bring the police. Shortly afterwards, they realize that Fallon has found them once more. The last remaining member of Fallon's gang is shot dead by Mike, but in the process Mike is shot in the stomach. John goes to help Mike and Fallon shoots him in the leg. Frank leads the wounded Mike and John to a bathroom where they hide. Frank gets to the security office and activates the silent alarm. Knowing that the three can run no longer, Frank draws out Fallon, leading him away from the wounded Mike and John. After a struggle between the two, Frank pushes Fallon off the stairs, killing him. The movie ends with the police investigating the crime scene and Frank's wallet is recovered by the police. It is suggested that Mike and John's wounds might not be fatal as they are wheeled away by the medics.
tt0120004
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
Somewhere in the Brazilian rain forest, Anthropologist John Whitney (Lewis Van Bergen) witnesses an Aboriginal tribal ritual, performed by dancing men in a state of trance. He drinks a kind of potion, concocted by the tribe's witch (Montrose Hughes) using leaves with a kind of red fungal growth on them. After drinking it, he becomes hysterical at the sight of a native, dressed in a costume and wearing face-paint. Whitney says to himself: "Oh my God! It's Kathoga!" Later, Whitney shows up at a commercial dock, where a cargo ship named the Santos Morales, is ready to depart. Locating the ship's captain (Santos Morales), Whitney pleads with him to unload his crates, destined for the Chicago Natural History Museum. Refusing to help, the captain boards the ship. Stowing away on board, Whitney locates the ship cargo hold and pries open one of the wooden crates. Finding only rugs inside, he breaks down and screams in despair. As the ship sails away, several more crates sit on the dock, labeled: "John Whitney - Chicago Natural History Museum". A title card reads: "Six Weeks Later", as the same cargo ship arrives in Chicago. The dock is cordoned off by police and we meet Lt. Vincent D'Agosta (Tom Sizemore) as he boards the ship with Detective Hollingsworth (Clayton Rohner). There are bloodstains everywhere, and the crew appear to be all gone. Searching the cargo hold, D'Agosta finds several of the crew in the bilge - their heads severed from their bodies. D'Agosta is very superstitious and carries a "lucky bullet" for protection. Meanwhile, the Museum of Natural History in Chicago is busy preparing for the grand opening of a new exhibit which explores the origins of superstition. As Dr. Margo Green (Penelope Ann Miller), an evolutionary biologist, arrives at work, the museum curator, Dr. Ann Cuthbert (Linda Hunt) tells Margo she is in competition for a grant, which she needs to continue her research at the museum. To her chagrin, Margo's colleague, Greg Lee (Chi Muoi Lo), has applied for the same grant. The grant is provided by wealthy Museum benefactors, the Blaisedales (Constance Towers & Francis X. McCarthy), who will attend the upcoming gala to open the new exhibit. Stopping by the office of Dr Albert Frock (James Whitmore), a colleague of John Whitney, Margo is intrigued by the contents of several crates, recently sent by airfreight from Brazil (the crates left behind by the ship). The remnants of a stone artifact are wrapped in the green leaves used in the potion. Margo takes some of the leaves to analyze them, while the remainder are incinerated in the basement of the museum. As a school group on an excursion enters the museum, two boys, skipping school for the day, sneak into the museum unnoticed, and hide. Alone in the museum after closing, they notice a bad smell in a basement stairwell, and discover the body of a Security Guard (Jophery C. Brown), which alerts the authorities to a killer on the loose. The guard has been beheaded and his brain removed by the killer. While an investigation gets underway, led by Lt. Vincent D'Agosta, the stone artifact found inside the crates is gradually restored by a technician (Lynn A. Henderson), for the new "Superstition" exhibit. It is revealed later to be a depiction of the mythical "Kathoga". As Albert Frock explains, Kathoga was a Chimera - a mythical creature that combined various animals into one. The coroner Dr. Zwiezic (Audra Lindley) examines the beheaded corpse of the Security Guard, with D'Agosta present, and discovers the victim's brain weighs less than it should. It appears to be missing the hypothalamus and pituitary glands. D'Agosta later finds out the beheaded victims on board the cargo ship were also missing the same parts of their brains. As police continue to search the museum for the killer, a homeless man, living in the cavernous basement, is shot and killed by accident. When he turns out to be a convicted rapist and felon, the museum's head of security is satisfied. But D'Agosta isn't convinced. There is still no explanation for the missing hypothalamuses, or, the deaths aboard the cargo ship. But with the Mayor of Chicago (Robert Lesser) and his wife (Diane Robin) due to attend the opening night gala as guests of honor, D'Agosta bows to pressure and lets the event go ahead, but insists on heavy police presence. As the gala gets underway, Margo analyzes the leaves and discovers a link between the substance on them and the human hypothalamus. The red substance contains a concentrated dose of the same hormones secreted by the hypothalamus, enough to cause rapid mutation in animals or insects that feed on it. When a beetle gets inside the container where the leaves are stored, it grows to the size of a rat, overnight. Margo shows her findings to Dr Albert Frock, who assists with her analysis of the beetle's DNA. He subscribes to a theory called the "Calysto Effect" - a sudden jump in evolution which results in an aberrant species. Meanwhile, D'Agosta orders a search of the subterranean tunnels and old sewage system under the museum, which links up with the docks. Something in the tunnel kills a search dog and his handler, so D'Agosta orders Detective Hollingsworth back to the museum to evacuate the guests. But it's too late. As the VIPs finally enter the Superstition exhibit, the killer strikes again, setting off a panic. The security system locks down the museum, trapping almost everyone inside. While police try to break in and helicopters lower a SWAT Team onto the roof, D'Agosta orders the remaining guests into the tunnels, which lead to the outside. The Blaisedales elect to stay behind in the museum's main exhibit hall, along with the ambitious Greg Lee and the head of security. But they soon become victims of the Kathoga, which finally reveals itself. As the SWAT Team drops into the hall, they too are killed by the beast, which climbs walls and uses giant pincers to sever their heads. Locked in another wing of the museum, Margo and Dr Albert Frock discover the origin of the beast, which is a hybrid of insect, reptile and various other animals, including one human being - the missing John Whitney. As the Kathoga, he must consume huge quantities of the hormones found in the human hypothalamus, to survive. Finding Margo alive and Dr Frock dead, D'Agosta asks Margo how to kill the beast. They try unsuccessfully to freeze it in the tunnel, using liquid nitrogen, then flee back to the lab. D'Agosta orders Margo to lock herself in, while he goes after the beast, but the Kathoga outwits them and drops through the roof of the lab. While D'Agosta is locked on the other side of a metal door, Margo incinerates the Kathoga when she blows up her lab, using flammable chemicals as fuel, while hiding inside a metal container filled with water.
tt0117979
Comedy,Romance
The Truth About Cats and Dogs is the story of two youngish women with good hearts and insecurity, who live in the same building. One is an intelligent brunette veterinarian of average looks, with her own radio show about caring for pets; the other is a blonde beginner fashion model of modest intellect, with a psychologically abusive manager who is also her lover. The two women form a friendship after the veterinarian stands up for the model when she hears the model's manager abusing her in the hallway. The veterinarian has a handsome and charming photographer call into her radio show about a difficult dog. Her success in helping the man calm the dog causes him to become smitten with her, so he invites her on a date. She, however, is ashamed of her average appearance, so she describes herself to him on the phone as having her model neighbor's appearance, and then proceeds to convince her neighbor to play the role of her in person - but she speaks to him personally when he calls her on the phone to have profound conversations. The man becomes confused due to the differing personalities of the woman on the phone and the woman on the live dates - he has fallen in love with the veterinarian on the phone but is put off by "her" vacuousness in person, although "she" is very physically attractive. The man eventually realizes that the veterinarian with whom he has fallen in love is the brunette woman of average appearance, and that the woman he has been seeing in person is the veterinarian's model neighbor. He comes to accept his love for the veterinarian, and forgives the women despite their deception. And so a woman of humble appearance grows to know her own value. The model also is taught to realize her worth and learns not to tolerate the abuse of a cruel man.
tt0103016
Comedy,Fantasy
Steve Brooks (Perry King) is a chauvinistic womanizer with many enemies in the opposite sex. But one night, he is invited to a "surprise" party hosted by three of his ex-lovers. Unknown to Steve, the surprise is murder, and the three women attempt to drown Steve in a hot-tub. When the attempted drowning is unsuccessful, the ringleader of the three women, Margo (JoBeth Williams) shoots Steve in the chest with a revolver. Steve enters a dark, empty place called Purgatory. God appears to Steve in the form of a bright pillar of light and represented by a male and female voice. The male and female personas of God tell Steve his treatment of women was repulsive and he is unfit to enter Heaven. To redeem himself, he must be sent back to earth to find just one female who truly loves Steve Brooks. Otherwise, his soul will be sent to Hell. Steve wakes the next morning as his old self. The Devil (Bruce Payne) objects. He feels it is too easy for Steve to just charm another unsuspecting female, gaining entrance into Heaven without learning his lesson. In order to teach Steve a lesson and make it harder for him to accomplish his mission, the Devil recommends God change Steve into a woman. God agrees, and Steve Brooks becomes Amanda Brooks (Ellen Barkin). After getting over the initial shock of his/her new identity, Amanda goes to Margo's apartment to convince Margo that she is Steve. Amanda then forces Margo to give her lessons on being a woman. After struggling with putting on make-up, dealing with her hair, and walking in high heels, Amanda meets with Walter (Jimmy Smits), Steve's best friend. She tells Walter she is Steve's half sister and that Steve "decided to chuck it all and start again, like Gauguin". She also tells this to Steve's boss, Arnold (Tony Roberts) and convinces him (or blackmails him) to give her Steve's old job at the ad agency, with an increase in pay. As part of the deal, she promises to land the Faxton Cosmetics account, a company ran by Sheila Faxton (Lorraine Bracco). Sheila is a lesbian, so Amanda decides to use her new female body to seduce Sheila. Sheila becomes attracted to Amanda, and Amanda is excited about what would be a "truly unique sexual experience" for her. Unfortunately, she becomes extremely uncomfortable around Sheila. Margo explains to Amanda it is her homophobia that makes her uncomfortable around Sheila. Amanda eventually breaks up with Sheila, and tells Sheila she only came on to her to gain the account. Amanda does gain the account for the agency, but not before making yet another woman hate Steve/Amanda. That night, Amanda prays to God for help. She is then visited by the Devil, who tries to get her to quit and become a recruiter for him. She refuses the Devil's temptation, and he goes away. The next day, Amanda calls the last of the women Steve knew. After several days trying to find one female who liked Steve, Amanda discovers, in fact, all hate him. After a night of drinking and a bar-room brawl, Amanda carries an intoxicated Walter back to her apartment to spend the night. The next morning, Amanda is awaken when Margo comes by to visit. Amanda is in disgust and dismay when she discovers Walter had sex with her when she was unconscious. To the amusement of Margo, Amanda tells her she lost her virginity to Walter against her will. While Walter and Amanda are arguing, Margo hides the murder weapon in Amanda's sofa. Steve's body is found in the river, and Amanda has to identify it. When she returns, she discovers her apartment has been ransacked by the police and they found the revolver in her sofa. Amanda is arrested and tried for Steve's murder (her own murder). She is found mentally unfit for the trial and sentenced to the State Mental Hospital. There, Amanda discovers she is pregnant with Walter's baby. When Walter comes to visit Amanda, she begins having complications with the pregnancy. After speaking with the doctor, Walter tells Amanda if she carries the child to full term, she may die. But Amanda is determined to have the baby because she feels God wants her to. She tells Walter the baby lives because she lives, and when she dies, a part of her will live on. Amanda asks Walter if he would be a full time father to the baby if she dies, and he agrees. She then reluctantly accepts Walter's marriage proposal. Throughout the wedding, Amanda giggles and smirks at the idea of marrying her best friend, and gives Walter a very awkward and quick kiss on the lips at the conclusion of the marriage ceremony. Some time passes and Amanda goes into labor. With Walter beside her, she gives birth to a daughter, finding the only female in the world who truly loves her. She dies shortly after giving birth and goes to Heaven, where the soul of Steve/Amanda is unable to choose whether to become a male or female angel. Five years later, Amanda remains undecided as she watches Walter and their child place flowers on her grave.
tt0099740
Sci-Fi,Thriller
Radiation clouds choke the sky and over-crowded mega-cities threaten to dissolve into madness. A wandering junk merchant finds the remains of a defunct robot and sells them to Mo, also a nomad, who buys them for his urban artist girlfriend named Jill to use in her work. But he doesn't know the robot is a self-regenerating prototype, a military drone intended to control the exploding population utilizing indiscriminate, gruesome murder. Trapped, alone in her apartment and spied on by her perverted neighbor, Jill must battle to survive against a relentless killing machine re-built from her own possessions and which will stop at nothing to tear her apart.
tt0107711
Action,Drama,Romance
Sam Gillen (Van Damme) is a convict who gets sprung from Federal custody somewhere in the Midwest by his bank-robbing partner. In their last heist, Sam's partner killed a bank guard, and Sam took the rap for it. Sam's partner gets killed in the break, forcing Sam to go it alone in search of the loot, which is buried on the property of a farm inhabited by Clydie Anderson (Arquette), the widowed mother of two kids named Mike "Mookie" Anderson and Bree Anderson. Attempting to sneak into Clydie's house and "borrow" some salt for a campfire-broiled steak, Sam catches sight of Clydie taking a shower. The next morning, Sam is spotted bathing outdoors by Mookie. After saving Clydie, Mookie, and Bree from a trio of intruding thugs, Sam discovers that Clydie is holding out from selling her place to property developer Franklin Hale, who fears that he will be put out of business if he doesn't get Clydie's land so he can develop on it. Sam decides to hang around, sleeping first in Clydie's barn and then in her bed while repairing her late husband's Triumph motorcycle. And Hale hires an intimidation expert named Dunston, to force Clydie into selling her land. Secretly on Hale's payroll is corrupt sheriff Lonnie Cole, a sometime lover of Clydie. A jealous Lonnie discovers Sam's true identity and threatens to expose him if he doesn't leave. Not wanting to place Clydie in additional danger for helping a fugitive, Sam decides to leave, only to find that Hale has already blown the whistle on him in an attempt to get him out of the way. After evading police chasing him in cars, land rovers, helicopters, and on motorcycles and horseback, Sam returns to save Clydie from Dunston and Hale, who are planning to burn down her house. After fighting off the bad guys and getting Hale caught holding a gun to Clydie's head, he decides to turn himself in, rather than run away. He promises to be back to live with them.
tt0101821
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Trantor (Jonas Moscartolo) is a demonic troll who transforms children into wooden dolls to feast upon their energy out on Briarville, Missouri in the late 19th Century. He is captured by townsfolk and sealed under an oak tree. One of the village elders, Phineas Worrell (Jim Varney), an ancestor of Ernest, establishes the seal under the condition that Trantor can only be released on the night before Halloween and by the hands of a Worrell - and that every generation of Worrells would get "dumber and dumber and dumber", culminating in Ernest P. Worrell. Two hundred years later, Ernest, a sanitation worker, helps a few of his middle school friends, Kenny Binder (Austin Nagler), Elizabeth (Shay Astar) and Joey (Alec Klapper), construct a tree house in the same tree that unknowingly contains the dormant creature, after the mayor's sons demolished their own cardboard haunted house. When Old Lady Hackmore (Eartha Kitt) discovers this she angrily leaves. When Ernest follows her, he learns the story of Trantor and reports it to the kids. Inadvertently, Ernest releases the troll. Joey is walking home from the tree house when he hears something rustling through the trees Joey slowly walks and slips down in a muddy hole. Trantor grabs Joey's wrist and turns him into a wooden doll. Ernest finds Sheriff Binder, who is Kenny's dad, and explains the situation but they do not believe him. After none of the towns folk will assist Ernest because they care about the Halloween party, he mounts a one-man (and one-dog) defense operation in preparation for Trantor's appearance. Meanwhile, Trantor captures a boy on a skateboard for his second victim. Two local men, Tom (John Cadenhead) and the taciturn Bobby Tulip (Bill Byrge), hoping to take advantage of Ernest, sell him a variety of fake troll traps, but one backfires on the mayor's sons and Ernest is fired from his job. Ernest, Kenny and Elizabeth return to Hackmore, where they learn that "the heart of a child, and a mother's care" are the only defenses against the troll. Later that night, Trantor claims Elizabeth as his third victim, Elizabeth is slowly walking through the woods when a plant vein slowly wraps around her foot Elizabeth runs to the tree house and climbs the ladder when Elizabeth reaches the top Trantor grabs Elizabeth's ankle tripping her and starts pulling her back. Elizabeth claws at the floor and trying to get Trantor to let go but is turned into a wooden doll. Kenny and a friend named Gregg (Steven Moriyon) are walking when Trantor uses Elizabeth's voice to lure Kenny away, then takes Gregg as a fourth victim. Despite parents being upset at their missing children, Mayor Murdock and Sheriff Cliff Binder still proceed with a Halloween party at the school and they believe the missing children will be at the party. Trantor appears there and takes the mayor's oldest son as his fifth and final wooden doll. In the ensuing fight between Trantor and Ernest, Trantor turns Ernest's dog Rimshot into a wooden doll before being driven off by soft serve ice cream covering Ernest's hands. Kenny realizes that "mother's care" refers to milk and rallies a troll-fighting team to destroy them. Back at the tree house, Trantor successfully summons dozens of trolls while Ernest tries but fails to stop them. The townspeople show up; however, the trolls overwhelm and beat them up. Kenny and his friends arrive and begin destroying the trolls with milk. During the fight Trantor escapes beneath the tree where he summons evil powers making him invincible, especially to milk. Kenny unsuccessfully tries to destroy Trantor, who turns Kenny into a doll as well. With the rest of the townsfolk now backing him up and telling him to douse Trantor in milk, Ernest realizes that the troll children were susceptible to the milk, while Trantor himself would be weak against unconditional love: "the heart of a child." He takes Trantor and dances with him while the mob watches, filling him with as much love as possible and finishing it off with a kiss to his snot-ridden nose, which causes Trantor to explode. With Trantor's destruction, Ernest is proclaimed a hero. All of the wooden dolls are restored, including those from the 19th century, and life returns to normal. Sheriff Cliff Binder apologizes to his son for not believing him and Ernest. Ernest is happy that his dog is back to normal.
tt0111323
Action,Adventure,Crime
Ice-T, living a sweet, hobo lifestyle, is approached by some rich white dudes and offered a job "assisting" a bunch of other rich white dudes on a "hunting trip" in the Rockies. Failing to consider past relationships between poor black people and rich white people, he accepts their offer, only to find that by "assisting" the white dudes really meant "running for his life", and by "hunting trip" they really meant "hunting trip". It's a laugh-a-minute as we watch Ice-T use all of his street wiles and urban cunning to escape a gang of armed and gouty job-creators while running through the jungle.
tt0120901
Action,Comedy,Thriller
World-famous violinist Ryan Harrison (Leslie Nielsen) is seen giving a concert. Afterwards, he goes to a party where he meets Hibbing Goodhue (Michael York), a millionaire who sponsors Harrison's performances, as well as Goodhue's seductive wife Lauren (Kelly Le Brock) and his possible mistress Cass Lake (Melinda McGraw). The next evening, he finds a note from Lauren in his car which summons him to the Goodhue residence. When he goes to the Goodhue mansion, he bumps into Sean Laughrea (Aaron Pearl), who has just killed Goodhue (together with an unknown accomplice). A violent fight follows, during which Harrison discovers that Sean is missing an eye, an arm, and a leg, and he overhears the preparations for an operation with the codename "Highlander" before he is knocked out. When he wakes up, Harrison finds himself arrested and convicted for the murder of Goodhue. Desperate to prove his innocence, Harrison escapes from his prison transport following an accident. Lieutenant Fergus Falls (Richard Crenna) arrives on the scene with his two partners, takes charge, barks out orders and vows to do whatever it takes to capture the fugitive. Harrison returns to the Goodhue mansion where he encounters Cass, who is trying to retrieve something from behind a portrait. She tells him she knows he's innocent and believes Lauren is the killer, but refuses to say anything to the police because Lauren is her sister. She provides him with a place to hide and helps him shake his pursuers, but Harrison's opportunities to rest are short and fleeting: Falls seems to find him wherever he goes, and Cass behaves suspiciously, increasing Harrison's doubts of whom to trust. Harrison gradually begins to piece together the puzzle; he remembers that Sean was present at the party as the bartender and was given a great amount of money by Cass. He also finds that Cass is strangely interested in Sir Robert McKintyre, the secretary-general of the United Nations. Eventually, after investigating Sean's disabilities in a limb replacement clinic, he discovers that Cass, Lauren and Sean are planning an assassination attempt on McKintyre. He manages to follow the group but is caught. Cass shoots Harrison but actually fakes his death, both because she has fallen in love with him and because she wants to stop the assassination, since she has found out that McKintyre is really her father. Goodhue has been murdered by Sean and Lauren because he had come to suspect that his wife was actually a terrorist and had only used him to further her goals. At a Scottish festival, Harrison and Cass just barely manage to save McKintyre's life. They are cornered by Lauren, Sean and accomplices, but Fergus Falls and a SWAT team arrive just in the nick of time, arresting the terrorists. Falls officially tells Harrison that he was "wrongfully accused", clearing his name and acquitting him. In the last scene, the exonorated Harrison and Cass go on a cruise and are seen are riding on the bow of a cruise ship (spoofing 'Titanic') and end up bumping their heads on a low bridge.
tt0110725
Action,Adventure,Thriller
In the beautiful wilderness of Alaska, a fire is raging at an Aegis Oil Rig owned by corrupt oil baron Michael Jennings (Michael Caine) CEO of Aegis Oil Co. Foreman Hugh Palmer (Richard Hamilton) barks at his men to fight the fire. A helicopter flies up and tall, buckskin wearing legend, Forrest Taft (Steven Seagal) who puts out the fire with a set of explosions which deprive the fire of the oxygen it is using. As Jennings and Taft fly off in a company helicopter, Jennings complains about what a pain in the rear the environmentalists will be now that a fire has broken out on his oil rig, and blames Hugh for the issue. Taft reassures him that, "I kind of blew up all the evidence," to which Jennings agrees and grins. That night at a bar, Hugh Palmer comes to Taft and asks him to do him a favor in going into the company's archives to check the safety reports of the oil rig to help prove Hugh's innocence. Taft, starting to believe there is something fishy going on with Jennings' work, agrees hesitantly. He then overhears a busty jerk oil worker say racist remarks to a native American in the bar before assaulting him. Taft intercedes and a fight breaks out between him and the racist and the racist's buddies. He brutally beats them all down and then beats the racist into a bloody pulp, smashing his nose before convincing him to change his ways, essentially beating some sense into him. The next day, Jennings puts on an environmental commercial being very uncomfortable about it and barking at anyone and everyone in his way. He then discusses business with his secretary Liles (Shari Shattuck) and vicious right-hand man MacGruder (John C. McGinley). It is revealed that in 13 days, the Aegis oil company will lose their contract to the ground that Jennings desperately wants to pump oil from, "Meaning millions of dollars a week." The rights will then revert back to the Eskimos if Aegis does not reach the rights in time. At the rig, Aegis 1, Taft checks the computers and sends Hugh the information he has been asking for. MacGruder observes this and Jennings sends him to find the information Hugh has been gathering. MacGruder and a fellow man go to Hugh's home where Hugh is downloading the data sent to him of the rigs' bad conditions. When Hugh refuses to give the records and pipe tally books up, they torture him by smashing each and every one of his fingers with a whale bone before castrating him with a pipe cutter. Hugh is tortured and killed, refusing to give up his information. Taft begins to question Jennings' means and asks him "How much money is enough" bringing to his attention that he knows of the rig's bad compositions and unsafe procedures that will cause much damage to the environment while making Jennings richer. Jennings does not respond and asks Taft to do one last job before answering his question. Taft is brought to an abandoned oil refinery in Alaska where he finds the dismembered corpse of Hugh shortly before the building explodes, revealing that Jennings had set it up to kill Taft. The explosion sends Taft flying into the air where he is injured from the explosion. Later, a tribe of Eskimos find him and bring him back to their village where they nurse him back to health and call him a "Bear" that will rescue Mother Earth from the evil oil barons. He is skeptical at first and even tries to escape only to be stopped by their dogs. He is confronted by them of his actions and explains that people are coming after him and that he is putting them in danger. He becomes acquainted with the Chief Silook (Chief Irvin Brink) and his beautiful daughter Masu (Joan Chen) who bring him to a river where he undergoes a spiritual journey via dream vision. He first sees a female orgy, and then kills a bear (Bart the Bear) and then is forced to choose between a beautiful naked woman and a fully clothed old woman, for which he chooses the latter (the old one). The woman tells him of how mother Nature is being hurt by the oil rigs and shows him water that is transforming into oil. He awakens from the dream, now determined to take down Aegis. MacGruder and his force storm the tribal camp, believing Taft is there but cannot find him. In a brief scuffle, MacGruder shoots and mortally wounds Silook before fleeing. Silook dies peacefully of his wounds after telling Taft that Taft is the warrior that will save them all. His spirit then ascends into a raven. Taft and Masu leave taking a snowmobile which the tribe has. They reach Hugh's trashed house and find Hugh's information which were hiding out in the open. They are attacked by MacGruder's men which Taft swiftly dispatches. He is hunted through the forest by a team of mercenaries led by Stone (R. Lee Ermey) who they outrun. Taft and Masu reach a friend's home where Taft supplies himself with his friend's arsenal of weaponry. Masu tries to convince him not to fight back with violence but he rebuffs her (negating everything he learned in his "spiritual journey") Taft realizes that the oil rigs pump toxins back into the earth, hurting nature even more. He then concludes that they must go and blow up Aegis 1 in order to prevent another ecological disaster (Sure, it would.) That night Taft, with Masu following behind for no reasons, breaks into Aegis rig and kills many oil workers. He sets the preventers to implode to "prevent an oil spill" and sets up C-4. MacGruder attempts to escape with Liles on a helicopter but Taft stops him and disables the chopper. MacGruder tries to plea bargain but Taft flings him into the rotor headfirst, decapitating him. Liles attempts to drive off but smashes into a oil pipe and explodes. Taft blows apart Stone with a shotgun and then confronts Jennings who is trying to keep the rig running. He berates Jennings before tying him upside down over the oil tank. Jennings taunts him to shoot him but Taft instead shoots the cord binding him, dropping Jennings down into the oil, leaving him to drown. Taft and Masu escape as the rig explodes. The film ends with Taft giving a speech about how evil oil companies are and how in pain the world is by how humans prioritize money over the environment, despite having no proof to back up his claims. He is then blessed by a medicine man who says, "The earth is our grandmother." In a mid-credits scene, Taft and Masu canoe out to a middle of a lake. Masu smiles at Taft, who looks up and sees the proud spirit of Silook flying overhead in the form of a raven.
tt0171580
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Betty (Renee Zellweger), is a kind and considerate diner waitress living in Kansas City, Kansas. She is a fan of the daytime soap opera 'A Reason to Love'. She has no idea that her sneaky husband, Del (Aaron Eckhart), a car salesman, is having an affair with his secretary and that he intends to leave Betty in order to pursue a relationship with the secretary. She also doesn't know that her husband supplements his income by selling drugs out of the car dealership. When Betty calls to leave a message about borrowing a Buick LeSabre for her birthday, her husband tells Betty to take a different car as the LeSabre has stolen drugs hidden in the trunk. Two hitmen (Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock) show up at the house with Betty's husband. The hitmen torture Del into revealing that he has hidden the drugs in the trunk of a car but are not successful in getting him to tell which car it is. Betty witnesses the murder and experiences a fugue state, escaping the reality of murder into the comforting fantasy of the soap opera. In her mind, she assumes the identity of one of the characters in the daytime drama, a nurse. That evening, Sheriff Ballard (Pruit Taylor Vance), Roy Ostery (Crispin Glover) a local reporter, and the police are examining the crime scene while Betty calmly packs a suitcase. She seems oblivious to the murder, even with the investigation going on right in her house. At the police station, a psychiatrist examines her. Betty spends the night at her friend's house in a nearby town, sleeping in a child's bedroom with the innocence of a little girl. In the middle of the night, she suddenly gets in her car and drives off. Betty's next stop is a bar in Arizona where the lady bartender talks about her inspiring vacation in Rome, and Betty tells her that she's engaged to a famous surgeon (describing the lead character from 'A Reason to Love'... not the actor who portrays him, but the character himself). Meanwhile, the two hitmen are trying to find her, as they have finally realized that she must have the car with the drugs. As they search, Charlie (Freeman) begins falling in love with his image of Betty, to the consternation of Wesley (Rock). The next day, Betty arrives in Los Angeles and tries to get a job as a nurse while looking for her long-lost "ex-fiance". She is turned down, due to lack of a resume or references, but does manage to get a job in a local pharmacy due to her help in saving the life of the victim of a drive-by shooting. Despite an injunction against "touching" the patients, Betty becomes popular with them and their families. She ends up living with Rosa (Tia Texada), a Hispanic legal secretary who has had a series of painful love affairs and offers to help Betty find her surgeon friend. However, Rosa learns that "David" is a just soap opera character, and she goes to the pharmacy window to confront her. Betty just thinks her friend is jealous and is impervious to the revelation. Meanwhile, a lawyer has an idea and supplies tickets to a charity function where George (Greg Kinnear), the actor portraying David, will be making an appearance. Betty meets George at the function whom he addresses to his soap opera character of David. George is inclined to dismiss her as an over-imaginative fan, but something about her compels him to walk back and talk to her some more. He begins to think that Betty is a struggling actress determined to get a part in the soap opera, so he decides to play along. After three hours of her "staying in character," he takes her home. George begins falling in love with her and he and his producer decide to bring her onto the show as a new character: Nurse Betty. When Betty arrives on set, she finally falls out of her fantasy world and back into real life as seeing the inner workings of a television show snaps her back into reality. After two failed takes, she realizes that she is on a set and that the all people around her whom she thought were real are just actors portraying characters. George confronts her for being a "crazy person" and Betty walks out of the studio. Now recovered, Betty begins to tell Rosa what happened, when the two hitmen, Charlie and Wesley, come into the house to kill them as not to leave any loose ends when they discover the car containing the drugs outside. The killers are in turn interrupted by the reporter Roy Ostery and Sheriff Ballard from Betty's home town who have also tracked her down and a hostage situation develops. When Wesley is distracted by Roy who turns on the TV set to watch the soap opera, Ballard pulls out a gun hidden in an ankle holster and shoots and kills Wesley. At this point, Charlie flees to the bedroom with Betty where he reveals to her that Wesley is his son. Charlie, rather than being arrested, decides not to kill Betty, and commits suicide by attemping to escape and in so doing is apparently gunned down by the police. Betty decides to stay in Los Angeles and try to rebuild her life. She is offered a job on the show by George, and she accepts. She appears in 63 episodes and then takes a vacation in Rome. Betty plans to pursue nursing as a career and decides to try out a relationship with George, while her former roommate, Rosa, begins a relationship with Roy.
tt0119142
Comedy
Brad and Caroline Sexton are celebrating their tenth wedding anniversary at a party attended by all their friends. Although they seem to be a loving couple, in reality they hate each other. The evening is ruined when a model of Brad's religious theme park scheme explodes and burns a hole in the designer gown of a prominent judge. Brad tosses a glass of wine at her to put out the fire, completing the ruin of her gown. Back home in their luxurious penthouse, the Sextons trade nasty insults before retiring to their separate bedrooms. Ultimately they decide to get a divorce. The next day, Caroline goes to lunch with her girlfriends, who commiserate with her. When Brad arrives at work, his secretary hands him an envelope containing his watch. She paid to have it repaired and insists that he reimburse her in cash right away. After promising her he will go to the bank that morning, he runs into his accountant, Bob Lachman, who is carrying a carton stuffed with what appear to be Sexton Inc. records. Bob is in a great hurry to leave but Brad forces him to look at his new satellite phone and desk chair. Bob scolds him for using development money to purchase luxuries he doesn't need. Brad asks how the IRS audit went and Bob assures him all is well. However, that is very far from the truth. The men walk out of the office together and Bob spots two IRS agents getting off the elevator. He talks loudly about Brad leaving. The agents ask the secretary where Mr. Sexton went and she says he better be going to the bank. They mistakenly assume Brad is leaving the country and put a freeze on all his credit cards and bank accounts. When Brad tries to get money from the ATM to pay for his watch repair, his card is declined. Caroline's card is refused when she tries to pay the lunch bill. She assumes Brad has cancelled their cards since they are getting divorced. In the bank, Brad learns that his accounts are all frozen but they won't tell him why. He telephones Bob, who is on his way to the airport. To his horror, Bob confesses that he falsified the Sextons' income tax returns. That is why the IRS is after them. They owe five million dollars thanks to Bob. Brad exits the bank and sees the IRS agents Lester and Hall coming toward him. He takes out his phone to call his lawyer, Phil. Lester thinks it is a gun and shoots it from Brad's hand. A foot chase ensues and Brad climbs into a taxi. But it is off-duty. Brad steals the taxi and drives away. At a red light, a woman gets into the back seat. It is Caroline, who demands to know why he canceled her credit cards. After a car chase, the Sextons manage to elude their pursuers. Brad drives aimlessly for hours as the couple bicker. Eventually they find themselves in a rural community. Brad swerves to miss a cow, plows through a signpost, and lands in a pond. They are forced to spend the night under a tree. The next morning, Brad walks to a general store and realizes they are in Amish country. He calls Phil and learns that Lachman's telephone number has been disconnected. Obviously he has fled the country. The Sextons' pictures are in the newspaper; they are wanted for tax fraud and car theft. Brad asks Phil to wire them some money but he can't, as it would be aiding and abetting a felon. Brad overhears a conversation in the store between some Amish people who are returning to Michigan and a man named Yoder. The Yoders are expecting their cousins from Missouri in a couple of months to help on the farm. Outside, Brad spots a truck loaded with suitcases and steals two. He explains to Caroline that they are going to pose as the Yoders' cousins. It is only for a few days, until Phil can straighten out their situation. Caroline hates the idea but they have no choice. Luckily the suitcases contain Amish clothing for them both, although Brad's jacket is much too large. Sam Yoder and his wife Levinia live on a large farm nearby. They have several children, including a little girl named Anna. Sam's elderly parents also live there. The family accepts the Sextons as their cousins, Emma and Jacob. The Sextons are forced to share a bedroom but Caroline makes Brad sleep in a rocking chair. In the days following, Caroline and Brad do their best to fit in although the work is very hard. They must rise before dawn. Brad is confronted with a fearsome Belgian horse named Big John, who pulls the plow. Caroline must scrub the floors, beat rugs, help with the cooking, milk cows, and gather chicken eggs. All the while she is longing for a cigarette and some extra strength Tylenol. At night they argue. Meanwhile, Phil has received a visit from agents Lester and Hall. He claims not to know where the Sextons are hiding. The next time Brad telephones, Phil warns him that his phone is probably tapped. In checking the Sextons' tax returns, Phil learns that Brad supposedly wrote off purchases like a jet plane. Bob Lachman still cannot be found, but Phil is working on that. Lester and Hall listen to the conversation and learn that Brad is getting his ass kicked by Big John. They pull all the files on criminals with that name, trying to find Brad's location. They believe the Sextons are in the Caribbean. Brad and Caroline's hostility toward each other has not escaped Samuel and Levinia. They decide the angry couple was sent to them by God so they could get help. They talk to the Sextons about marriage and how important it is to stay committed. Slowly the Sextons begin to regain their love for each other. Brad gives Henner, the boyfriend of Rebecca, the oldest Yoder girl, tips on proposing marriage. He also helps the young couple buy a farm, using his property development skills to keep them from getting ripped off by the real estate agents. Caroline asks why the Amish wear such drab clothing and learns that the leadership council will not allow them to wear colors. She buys fabric and has them make colorful clothing, which they model for the council at a fashion show. Caroline was a fashion designer before she married Brad and she is happy to use her skills where they are needed. The leadership council approve the use of colors in clothing. Shortly afterwards, Caroline and Brad reconcile and once more share a bed. Lester and Hall have the sound on the tape enhanced and hear German spoken in the various conversations taking place in the general store. They immediately guess that the Sextons are hiding with the Amish and set off there by car. Brad is frantic because Phil has left town. Even though he and Caroline have settled in with the Yoders, he knows they cannot remain there indefinitely. Lester and Hall swerve in the road to avoid a cow, run over the repaired signpost, and land in the same pond as the Sextons did. But the taxi Brad stole has risen to the top, so they know where to find the Sextons. Rebecca and Henner's wedding day arrives. Just as the ceremony ends, Lester and Hall arrive, accompanied by police. The Sextons are arrested and taken away. As they leave, the Yoders and their guests turn their backs on them. Phil is still missing when the Sextons are arraigned. To their horror, the presiding judge is the one whose gown Brad destroyed. Still wearing their Amish clothing, Brad and Caroline are objects of curiosity among their friends. Just then Phil arrives, out of breath. He has just gotten off a plane from Zurich, Switzerland, where he finally located Bob Lachman and had him extradited. He explains that while he was in Zurich, he sold Brad's religous theme park idea to some investors who loved it. The money will just about cover all the Sextons' debts. Bob is brought in, kicking and screaming. He attempts to apologize to Brad, who punches him in the jaw. Once all the facts are known, the case against Brad and Caroline is dismissed. Some time later, the Sextons drive to visit the Yoders. At first Samuel and Levinia are cool but after the Sextons apologize, reveal that they knew all along they weren't the cousins. Samuel was so desperate for help on the farm that he let them stay. When they leave, the Sextons take a car load of produce, some apple pies, and Big John. Brad traded his watch for the horse.
tt0847520
Crime,Horror,Thriller
The film begins with Joan Burrows (Angela Bettis) jogging home one day. She has flashbacks of her younger self as a little girl (Brittney Wilson) being tortured. The person torturing her cuts open her cheek, which has left a scar. Joan drives to her home town to see her older brother Jeff (Christopher Titus), who is the town sheriff. He phones her while she is on her way and tells her he will see her that night. After the call finishes, he catches his teenage daughter Olympia (Kirby Bliss Blanton) and her friend Sandra (Monika Mar-Lee) speeding and warns them. Joan drives up to a funeral home, and puts some flowers on a grave. She has a flashback to her younger self and her friend Susie (Tegan Moss) at the graveyard. They decide to go and spy on the undertaker, who they have a crush on. Later that night, Olympia is at a party, and goes to talk to Paul (Devon Graye), who she has a crush on. She is approached by her slutty friend April (Kristin Kowalski) and her boyfriend Howard (Brandon Jay MacLaren) who are looking for April. Paul offers Olympia drugs, and slips his hand into her pocket, taking her phone. He shows her the trick to how he does it. April and Howard decide to go to the lake and have sex, meanwhile Joan is at home drinking wine and talking to Jeff about his wife. In another flashback, young Joan is at the funeral home with Susie, and the undertaker, Bishop (Ben Cotton). She compliments Bishop's hat, and flirts with him. They are about to kiss, when he does a similar trick to Paul, before chloroforming her. At the lake, Howard strips to his underwear, but leaves April, claiming he cannot have sex with her. She takes off her top, but he walks into the lake instead, causing her to walk away and disappear. The next day, Olympia, Paul and Sandra are attending a party to see who will be crowned Homecoming queen. Olympia gets crowned, but excitement turns to fear when April's body is found floating in the lake. Later that night, Olympia decides to go to Paul's house and they bond over the fact that both of their mothers are dead. She shows him a scar she got on her leg and her bellybutton piercing. He tells her his dad is ill because he was in the Iraq war. Meanwhile, Sandra is cleaning her house, when she has an argument with her boyfriend Brian (Carey Feehan). She goes outside to her car, then re-enters the house to find him bleeding on the floor, before being abducted by the killer. Back at home, Joan has another flashback to how she got her scar. Susie is lying on a slab next to her, with her legs cut open, as Bishop pours a liquid all over her, causing her to scream. He asks Joan's permission to kill Susie, but she refuses. He gets a stapler and staples Joan's stomach, including her bellybutton. He goes back over to Susie and cuts her tongue out before asking Joan if she has had enough. The next day, Olympia goes to Sandra's house, but finds nobody home. She then discovers Howard's dead body, castrated on the bed. Later that night, Joan comforts her, and is convinced she sees something outside. She looks out, and has another flashback. She begs Bishop to kill Susie, and he breaks her neck. The next day, Joan is convinced that Bishop is back. She tells Sheriff Delgado (Al Sapienza) about this, and he tells her that Bishop is dead, and they have searched the funeral home from top to bottom. Joan breaks into the funeral home and finds out that it has been turned into a museum about Bishop. She freaks out and the owner calls the police about her. When the police arrive, the owner doesn't press charges on her. Back at Jeff's house, he tells Olympia that another policeman is outside and will be watching them. Joan goes into the kitchen and cuts some cheese, accidentally cutting her hand open. The blood reminds her of when Bishop cut her hand open. She has a dream where she finds Olympia being tortured by Bishop at the funeral home. She looks over and sees herself on the other slab. She wakes up when someone phones the house. It is Delgado, who tells her there has been no answer on the phone. Joan gets up to look for Jeff, and finds him with his throat cut in the bathroom. She hears a noise downstairs and grabs the knife used to kill Jeff. She runs outside and is convinced she sees Bishop across the street. She gives chase but the police arrive, and she tells them he is getting away. They see no one, and arrest her because she is covered in blood and holding the murder weapon. At the station, Joan tells Delgado that the person was wearing a trenchcoat and Bishop's hat. He tells her she saw Bishop because he was inside her head. He tells her she killed Jeff, and asks her where Olympia is. She tells him Olympia and Susie are being tortured. He is surprised at this and she corrects herself by saying she meant Sandra. She then tells him she doesn't know where Olympia is. He has no choice but to put her in a cell. While she is there, Paul comes to visit her, and is able to free her by doing the phone trick on a policeman and getting the keys to the cell. He believes her innocence and tells her that she needs to rescue Olympia. When Paul leaves, she asks the officer to get her a blanket, and she opens the cell. She opens the door and knocks him out, before escaping to the funeral home with his gun. Joan breaks in and makes her way down to the basement, where she sees the owner lying dead on the slab. She has another flashback, this time of her cutting herself free with a razor blade, and hitting Bishop with a glass jar. She then sucks out his blood with the embalming machine just to make sure he is dead. In the present day, Joan breaks into a barn and finds a trapdoor leading to the basement. She gets down there and sees Paul tied up on the floor, with Olympia and Sandra on slabs. When she goes to rescue Olympia, Paul stands up and shocks her with a cattle prod, knocking her out. Joan awakens, handcuffed to a pole, and sees Paul dressed in Bishop's clothes. He tells her he had respect for Bishop's game, and he tortures people because his father did it in the military. He says that there are only a handful of people at his school that he wouldn't kill. April was snivelling because she wanted extra credit, and he is so much smarter than her, and he wanted to torture her a lot, but Howard only went through one round of torture before he begged him to kill her. He then tells her Sandra is on a roll and got him to torture Howard until he cut his penis off, and she went through five rounds with Brian. When Joan calls him insane, he replies by saying she is the one who is insane because she thought he was Bishop. He breaks a bottle and uses the glass to cut her face open at her scar. He then slices down Olympia's foot with a razor blade. He reminds Sandra of when she bullied him on their first day of school, before cutting her head open and tearing a chunk of hair out of her head. Sandra tells Olympia to tell Paul to kill her, and she does. Paul puts some latex over her face and suffocates her. For the next game, its Joan and Olympia. Paul tells Joan that he wants people to believe she is the killer and he arrived and managed to kill her and become the town hero, like she did so many years ago, so he can only torture her using the cattle prod. When Olympia refuses to let him kill Joan, he tears out her bellybutton ring before threatening to drill into her teeth. Joan grabs a piece of glass and literally slices her thumb off so she can slip out of the handcuffs before grabbing the gun and shooting Paul twice. She gets Olympia free, but Paul sits up, and slices down Joan's leg with a scalpel, so Olympia grabs the drill and drills into his head, killing him. Later, the two women are at the hospital, where Joan tells Olympia it will all be okay. When Olympia lies down, she sees Paul standing over her. Olympia wakes up, revealing the hospital bit with Paul was a dream. Joan tells Olympia that Paul may be dead, but the pain of what happened to them never truly goes away.
tt0120834
Drama,Mystery,Romance
In the town of Mossyrock, WA, fisherman Carl Heine, Jr. (Eric Thal), is reported missing after staying out in his fishing boat at night in heavy fog. After scouring the waters around the island, Carl's boat is found, with Carl found dead in his fishing nets. Being a family man with no reason to kill himself, the townspeople suspect foul play. After searching Carl's boat, a spare battery is found to power the boat, that doesn't appear to fit. The battery is soon found out to be the property of Kazuo Miyamoto (Rick Yune), a Japanese fisherman who was known to be friends with Carl as a boy. This evidence immediately makes Kazuo a prime suspect, and he is arrested, and put on trial for the murder of Carl. Covering the story is a man named Ishmael Chambers (Ethan Hawke), who assumed the job of running the town's small newspaper upon the death of his Father. Ishmael takes an interest in the case, because of Kazuo's wife, Hatsue (Youki Kudoh). Many years before, Ishmael and Hatsue were both young lovers, though segregation regarding the town's Japanese population was evident in many places. Ishmael and Hatsue (Reeve Carney and Anne Suzuki during their younger years) continued to meet in private, but then the Empire of Japan bombed Pearl Harbor. After these events, the Japanese population of the town was forced to move into internment camps for the remainder of the wartime, separating the two lovers. At the camp, Hatsue's Mother (Ako) intercepts a letter from Ishmael that reveals her daughter's relationship with him. Hatsue's Mother is adamant that her daughter stop communicating with Ishmael, and Hatsue ends up writing him a letter stating that she didn't really love him, but praising his "gentle heart". Hatsue soon married Kazuo Miyamoto, and although Kazuo soon leaves to fight in Europe, the two had a family by the time they returned to Mossyrock. During this time, Ishmael was sent off to the Pacific to fight in the war. Hatsue's letter, coupled with the loss of his arm, left him bitter in the aftermath of the war. He asks Hatsue for just one embrace, but she refuses. He carries on his father's work on the Island newspaper, but not his father's strong opinions, which had lead to death threats as he supported treating the Japanese the same as Italian and German citizens. As Kazuo is put on trial, he is represented by Nels Gudmundsson (Max von Sydow), an old man who believes strongly in justice. The prosecuting attorney in the case is a man named Alvin Hooks (James Rebhorn). Alvin and Nels question a number of different witnesses. Judge Fielding (James Cromwell) in the judge of that case. During the trial, the questioning brings flashbacks to Ishmael, Hatsue and Kazuo that tell the stories of the affair and the internment. One of the first is the coroner Horace Whaley (Max Wright), who claims that Carl's head appeared to have been struck by a heavy object. The coroner at one point speculates that the strike reminded him of how someone's head would have been impacted by a kendo stick. The art of kendo is practiced by the Japanese, and many of the Japanese men taught this ancient sport to their own children, including Kazuo. Another witness brought forth is Carl's mother, Etta (Celia Weston). Etta explains how Carl Jr. and Kazuo were childhood friends. Their fathers were also good friends, though Etta hints at her disliking of the Japanese in the town. Kazuo's father (Akira Takayama), a tenant farmer on land owned by Etta and her husband, requested to purchase 7 acres of land from Carl Sr. (Daniel von Bargen). Though Etta also voiced her indifference to this deal, Carl Sr. still went ahead with the deal. Due to the law preventing immigrant Asians from owning title to land, they would pay the Heine's over a period of 10 years, with title to pass when Kazou, born in the US, was old enough to own the land. However, before the last payment could be made, the Miyamoto's were taken to an internment camp. During the time they were away, Carl Sr. died, and Etta was unable to care for the farm (her son was away at the time fighting the Japanese, so he was unable to help her either). Etta then sold the farm (including the 7 acres) to another farmer named Ole Jurgensen. Etta claimed she sent the Miyamoto's their money back, but once the war had ended, Kazuo showed up at her doorstep, wanting to finish the purchase of the 7 acres. When Etta explained what had happened, Kazuo accused her of selling the land out from under his family while they were away. Sometime later, Ole Jurgensen (Jan Rubens) suffered a stroke, and was unable to continue farming. It was then that Carl Jr. (having returned from the war by this time), purchased Ole's land. Kazuo had intended to purchase the 7 acres again, but was informed that Ole had sold the land to Carl shortly before his arrival. During the case, Ishmael grows curious about the location of Carl's boat. Carl's boat was found floating in a channel where larger ships were known to pass sometimes in the night. He visits the Coast Guard Light House station, and finds records there that a freighter went through the channel around the time that Carl was reported to have died. However, Ishmael does not reveal his discovery about this to anyone. The trial continues, with the Defense calling Hatsue to be questioned. Alvin Hooks makes note how once it became known that Carl was dead and the Police were looking for any answers, her husband didn't come forward. Hatsue makes it known that they were afraid as to what people might think, given the situation. Kazuo is questioned as well, regarding his meeting with Carl, as he was the last person to see him alive. Kazuo had also been out fishing in the night, and had spotted Carl's boat, with a lantern on the mast, signaling that he needed help. Kazuo came to Carl's boat, to find that the engine had died. Kazuo loaned Carl one of his batteries to get the ship started. The talk the turned to the subject of the 7 acres of land. Kazuo explained that Carl said he would see him in a day or two, and try to work something out. Hooks questions Kazuo's credibility, since he had changed his story after being arrested and getting an attorney. In the closing statements, Alvin Hooks paints a picture in the jury's mind of Kazuo Miyamoto being a man who felt wronged, and wanted revenge, claiming that the meeting between the two on the boat eventually led to Kazuo murdering his childhood friend, and covering it up. Nels Gudmundsson takes a more low-key approach, and claims that Hooks wishes the jury to see not a man, but an 'enemy.' Nels explains how Kazuo was a member of the US Armed Services, and a highly decorated man who served his country. He notes that evidence shows that Carl was still considering Kazuo's offer - why would he murder him if he thought he might receive what he had been seeking for so long? As the jury deliberates Kazuo's fate, Ishmael contemplates his life. After coming to a deep trough regarding letting go of the bitterness over his past, decides to come forward with what he found regarding the shipping channel. Ishmael shows his information to the local police, who go with him to see Carl's boat. Kazuo claimed there was a lantern tied to the mast, but one is not found. However, there appears to be rope where something was once lashed to the mast. Also upon closer inspection, an indent was found in the side of the boat, with some hair stuck in the wood. Ishmael and Sheriff Art Moran (Richard Jenkins) then meet with Nels, Alvin, and the Judge (James Cromwell) regarding this new evidence. Ishmael tells the information he found. According to a log regarding ships going through the channel, a freighter passed through the channel around 1:42am. Carl was wearing a watch when he was found, with the hands stopped around the same time. Ishmael then provides his theory: After Kazuo left, Carl climbed the mast to cut loose the light he had tied. However, after he had cut the lantern down, the freighter mentioned in the log came through the channel. It's wake caused Carl's boat to pitch wildly, sending him falling from the mast, hitting his head on the rail, before falling into his fishing nets where he drowned. The Judge considers this evidence, decides the death was accidental, and releases Kazuo. After these events, Hatsue gives Ishmael a hug, thanking him for his 'gentle heart'.
tt0349169
Comedy,Romance
Jamie Foxx stars as Quincy in this semi-romantic comedy about a man who is dumped by his girlfriend, Helen (Bianca Lawson). Quincy was about to ask Helen for her hand in marriage at a party with all his friends; when unexpectedly, Helen just leaves him. Quincy is confused by the breakup, and he writes Helen a long letter about how she was supposed to breakup. Quincy's cousin Evan (Morris Chestnut) sees the letter, which is the size of a book, and gets the idea of publishing it. The book becomes a best seller. Evan wants to breakup with his girlfriend Nicky (Gabrielle Union), and gets Quincy's advice. This is the point where Quincy begins to break all the rules with Nicky. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0496436
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
After witnessing the murder of his wife and young son at the hands of Henry Caine (Craig Fairbrass) who then turned the gun on himself, Abe Dale (Nathan Fillion) is so distressed that he attempts to take his own life. A near-death experience follows that leaves Abe with the ability to identify those who are about to die. He acts on these premonitions to save three people from death, among them a nurse met during his recovery, Sherry Clarke (Katee Sackhoff). Abe soon learns that Henry, before murdering Abe's wife and son, actually saved their lives. This leads Abe to believe that Henry also had the ability to see death. This makes Abe want to learn more about Henry, so he visits his house only to learn that Henry survived his suicide. Investigating further, Abe discovers that three days after cheating death, those whose lives he saved will be possessed and compelled to take the lives of others. Accepting this responsibility, Abe comes with to terms with the horrible fact that he must consider killing to prevent further tragedy.
tt0353324
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Briefly put: Jimmy Cuervo (Edward Furlong) is a coal miner's kid living near an indian reservation. He is in love with Lilly (Emmanuelle Chriqui), an indian girl (and apparently, shamaness) whose father hates him. One day, he goes to visit her at her store, where he is ambushed by a satanic cult led by his friend from jail (he had been in jail for murdering a kid who tried to rape Lilly) named Luc Crash (David Boreanaz) the four members of the cult are named for the four Horsemen of the Apocalypse: War (Marcus Chong), Famine (Tito Ortiz), Pestilence (Yuji Okumoto), and finally Luc as Death. Luc's girlfriend, Lola Byrne (Tara Reid), is there with a book of satanic rituals. After putting nooses around both Jimmy and Lilly's necks, they force Jimmy to watch as they hang her, then cut out her eyes so Lola can use them to enhance her powers with the book. *WILL FINISH WHEN I CAN*
tt0130121
Comedy,Crime,Romance
An auctioneer finds his new intended has Mob relatives who ask certain favors of him.
tt0428579
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Young beginner book editor Brett (Sarah Michelle Gellar) tries to help publicize the books she edits, but when caught by a store clerk trying to move her books to the front store window the clerk says she needs to take it up with an ageing, editor and chief Archie Knox (Alec Baldwin) because he personally inspects every book store's window in Manhattan; and if he sees an insignificant book occupying good space he will have everyone involved with that book out of a job. So Brett meets up with Archie and she sees that they have more in common than just books. What begins to happen between Brett and Archie is an unplanned romance. But before anything can happen, Brett decides to break up with her immature boyfriend Jed (Chris Carmack) and she and Archie begin to date. Things later get complicated when Brett gets a demotion at her job because of a new boss (Vanessa Branch) and she finds out that her dad, whom she is very close to, begins to have health complications. Brett also discovers that Archie has an awful relationship with his daughter and is a recovering alcoholic. While dating Archie and going through real life hardships, Brett begins to discover herself and starts to become a more confident editor.
tt0432289
Drama,Thriller
Slick salesman Jimmy Starks (Guy Pearce) has auto problems in a small New Mexico town and while his car is in the shop he visits low-rent fortune teller Vacaro (J.K. Simmons) to past the time. The supposed seer tells him he will have good fortune soon, but looking deeper relates the information that his future is blank, and he is safe only until the first snow of winter beyond which there is no future to foretell. The act upsets Jimmy and rekindles old transgressions and makes him feel he is on a collision course with destiny especially when an old friend Vincent (Shea Whigham) returns from a jail sentence that he went to in Jimmy's place after a bad business deal. Jimmy becomes obsessed with knowing more of his future and re-visits Vacaro but the old man can only tell the salesman that he has related to him all he can see. Jimmy feels that Vincent has returned to kill him and that he must do something to change the course of his future but Vacaro convinces him to accept his fate.
tt0372884
Comedy,Drama,Romance
After getting dumped by his girlfriend Tiffani (Rebekah Kochan), Caleb (Scott Lunsford) commiserates with his roommate Kyle (Jim Verraros), who notes that while he has trouble getting the men he wants he could get any woman because he's gay. Later at a party, Gwen (Emily Stiles) dumps her boyfriend after he comes out to her. Caleb sees her and becomes infatuated and meets Marc (Ryan Carnes), who Kyle is infatuated with. Marc, meanwhile, sees Caleb and is instantly attracted. Kyle comes up with a crazy scheme. He tells Gwen that Caleb is gay so she'll set him up with Marc. Kyle figures that Caleb can use Marc to get to Gwen, while Kyle uses Caleb to get to Marc. Also, Tiffani lives next door to Gwen and Marc so seeing Caleb date Marc would make her crazy. Caleb and Marc go out on a date then go back to Marc's place to watch a movie. Marc tries to put the moves on Caleb, who's unresponsive. Suddenly Gwen, who's stuck at a friend's house and bored, calls. She talks to Caleb, relaxing and seducing him verbally while Marc takes advantage by giving him a blow job. Gwen hangs up to come home and Marc jerks off next to Caleb. Caleb, feeling confused and insecure, leaves. He passes Gwen on her way home and she seduces him again, this time physically. Caleb goes home and goes to bed. The next morning Marc calls Caleb and leaves a message. Kyle overhears it and realizes that Marc and Caleb had sex. As Kyle storms into his room, Marc calls back. After the call Caleb goes to Kyle and tells him he's invited Gwen and Marc to dinner to clear everything up. Caleb also tells Kyle that he knows Kyle has feelings for him and that, if Caleb were at all gay, he'd love Kyle. Gwen and Marc come over for dinner and Caleb is chagrined to see that Kyle's invited Caleb's family as well. Kyle convinces Gwen to "pretend" to be Caleb's date and Marc to "pretend" to be his. Dinner is going well, if a little awkwardly, until Tiffani inexplicably crashes the party. Gwen takes upon herself to out Caleb to his parents. His parents take it quite well and everyone ends up in a bizarre group hug. After Caleb's family and Tiffani leave, Gwen verbally attacks Kyle, thinking he's trying to steal Marc from Caleb. Caleb convinces Marc to talk to Kyle and Gwen figures out the entire scheme, which she thinks is the sweetest thing anyone's ever done for her in light of the lengths to which Caleb went to sleep with her. Marc goes to talk to Kyle and realizes that he's interested in Kyle after all. In a post-credits scene, Marc and Kyle finally get together.
tt0358349
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Frankie Muniz returns as the junior CIA Agent Cody Banks. Diaz (Keith Allen), Cody's CIA trainer at summer camp, steals a mind-control device from the CIA, and escapes to London. Cody is given the job of retrieving the device, before it can be put to evil use. Cody flies to London and goes undercover as a clarinet-playing prodigy at an elite music school. Cody must fool the other kids at the school while he tracks down Diaz. Cody joins forces with another student, Emily (Hannah Spearritt), who is a British secret agent working on the same case. Cody's CIA handler in London, Derek (Anthony Anderson), becomes a cook at the house of their musical benefactor and Diaz's partner. Cody finds Diaz and must fight him for the mind-control device. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy)
tt0808331
Drama,Horror,Thriller
The movie centers around the lives of Brad Cairn and Abby Cairn, an affluent young stockbroker and his wife, raising children in New York City. Their firstborn, the nine-year-old Joshua (Jacob Kogan) is a frighteningly intelligent child - to such a degree that he thinks and acts decades ahead of his age. Nearly always clad in formal wear and demonstrating limitless brilliance as a pianist - with a marked predilection for "dissonant" classical pieces - Joshua gravitates toward his gay aesthete uncle (Dallas Roberts) as a close friend, but distances himself from his immediate kin - particularly when Abby brings a newborn baby sister home from the hospital and unwisely alienates the young boy. As the days pass, one at a time, the mood at the house regresses from healthy and happy to strange, unsettled and disorienting; meanwhile, bizarre events transpire. As the baby's whines drive an already strained Abby to the point of a nervous breakdown, Joshua devolves from eccentric to downright sociopathic behavior, discarding all of his toys, disemboweling a stuffed animal, and killing off pets. Eventually, family members also begin to suffer tragic fates - but the question of whether or not they are Joshua's fevered and psychotic doings or merely the result of happenstance is not answered until the shocking conclusion. In the last scene where the movie is concluded, it is revealed through a song that Joshua composes impromptu that everything was part of his plan to drive his parents away as he wants to live with his uncle Ned. Everything includes playing wrong notes in the piano, scaring the baby with a torch light at night, stopping his mother's psychological medications, killing the dog and his Guinea pig, taping himself scaring the baby so that his father gets to see it, killing his grandma, forging drawings characteristic of abuse to drive the psychologists to the wrong conclusions, and deliberately misbehaving in public so that his father loses control and beats him (probably for the first time ever) in public, strengthening his case of abuse.
tt0428446
Adventure,Comedy,Romance
The movie opens with a shot of a man in a car with a JATO rocket strapped to it. The relevance of the opening isn't explained for some time as the movie shifts gears to a detailed look into the life of Michael Burrows, a criminal profiler for the San Francisco Police Department. Much of the film is shot in a documentary style, ostensibly as a part of a dissertation by a film school grad who follows Michael through the movie. Fired from the force after his haemophobia lets a murderer get away, he drifts about in a deep depression for several weeks before coming up with a way to combine his obsession with the Darwin Awards with his talent for profiling: help insurance companies detect, before they're sold insurance policies, people that are likely to end their own lives accidentally. After impressing a manager at the insurance company with his talent for profiling, he's paired up with Siri, a specialist in 'weird' insurance cases. Siri and Michael travel the country investigating several legendary examples of stupidity on behalf of the insurance company, such as the above mentioned JATO rocket car, not all of which would qualify as 'Darwin Awards'. For example, a pair of men who are attempting to ice fish get frustrated and try to use a stick of dynamite to blast a hole in the ice only to have their trusty black lab fetch the stick of dynamite, run back to their brand-new SUV, and sink it to the bottom of the lake without either man being killed. As they investigate those and other cases, Michael tries to find a common factor in these people; the closest the movie gets to an explanation is a confused monologue by Siri about insurance companies always denying claims and driving people insane. Ironically, Michael narrowly avoids becoming a Darwin Award winner throughout the movie. In one instance, he and Siri are stranded out in the middle of nowhere on a cold winter night. Desperate for warmth, he attempts to set a fire with gasoline to get warm only to blow up his own car. In a later scene, Siri confronts Michael, accusing him of being so obsessed with the Darwin Award winners because he suspects he's one of them. A twist of fate leads to Michael finding out where the murder suspect he let get away lives. As he attempts to videotape the man in his home by rappelling down the side of his building, the film school student is seen for the first time. He, too, is hanging on the side of the building by a rope- with the other end of the same rope Michael is dangling by. The stone vase the pair is anchored by inches closer to the edge as the serial killer taunts them from the roof, slicing open his own hand in an effort to trigger Michael's haemophobia. Michael is able to overcome his haemophobia, defeat the serial killer, and live happily ever after with Siri. ----------- KrystelClaire's summary The film opens with desert scenery, and within it, a secondary road. A dude with a pink sports car uses a JATO engine to drive. Fade to black, and sound of the car crashing onto something. A voiceover explains the idea behind the Darwin Awards, given to people who did something so stupid which killed them, and so, removing themselves from the possibility of passing their dumb genes onto their offspring. Cut to a skyscraper, where aggressive executive Chris Hunter (Alessandro Nivola) shows off to two of his friends (Ross Patterson & Russell Steinberg) to prove that the glass is unbreakable and bullet-proof. He takes a cushion and jumps... as it happens to his death. Cut to Michael Burrows (Joseph Fiennes), a criminal profiler for the San Francisco Police Department. It's decided that a documentary will be done about the way he works, so a cameraman (Wilmer Valderrama) will follow him everywhere. Two other detectives (Adonal Foyle and Tom Wright) wonder if the director should be there. Michael finds him a nuisance. He remembers when he realised that he can focus more than anyone else - on fourth grade, Michael (Max Common) realised that one of his fellow students (Vincent Brubaker) was the culprit of a prank, and so the whole class was punished without going out to the playground for the whole year. The boy hit Michael in front of his friends (Elias Stefanek, Zosha Stefanek & Emma C. Taylor) to make him not betray him, Michael's nose bled, he felt dizzy and passed out. It was found out that he had haemophobia - fear of blood. Michael and the film maker are followed by a serial killer (Tim Blake Nelson). Michael is reading a book about his condition, but as he finds it useless, he throws it in a rubbish bin. He says that he's already done the killer's profile: a short man with literary studies. Michael realises that the killer is following them and he arrests him. As the film maker doesn't want to call the police - he would have to let go of his camera - that gives the opportunity for the killer to attack Burrows. Burrows handcuffs him anyway, but in the ensuing fight, the killer's nose bleeds. Michael passes out, the killer runs away and he punches the film director. The film director keeps on recording Burrows, now expelled from the police because of his illness. Michael keeps on investigating from home - the cue is given by all the bills he has to pay, including insurance. He talks to an insurance executive (Kevin Dunn) to get a job with his company analysing risk-taking people. At first, the exec doesn't pay much attention, but Michael is able to rip his life apart describing every detail: his lovers, his spending habits, his use of slips as underwear which is causing fertility problems for him. Michael thinks that he will be able to profile people who take stupid risks. Michael also gives the example of fat men (R.J. Owens, Bruce Lee Sage & Bob Sáenz) who use soap bars in the shower, and when they try to pick up the bar, they die because they slip in the shower. Finally, the exec decides to give Michael an opportunity, as there are weird cases all over the United States which are costing the company millions. Michael doesn't want to travel, but he has to take the opportunity as it is. He is paired with Siri Taylor (Winona Ryder), who investigates weird death cases. She is investigating a wacko cases in which Emile Travers (Ty Burrell) died in a freak case. There is blood all over the place, so Michael faints once again. The Zippy Cola dispensing machine won't work, so he tries to take the can of cola he's already paid for by introducing his arm through the slot, as he does with another dispensing machine which offers snacks. In the latter case he's successful, and steals a snack. He gets stuck, and the shopping mall where he's at closes for the night - and one of the cleaning men can't help him because he's wearing huge headphones as protection against the noise of the cleaning machine. Moreover, the mall is closing for the whole weekend. So Emile tries to pull his arm out. He finally succeeds in releasing himself, but the dispensing machine stumbles back and forth, and finally falls to the ground, smashing Emile as though he were a bug. As with the case of the jumping executive, Michael can picture himself being in that person's shoes doing the weird things that person did. Michael guessed that she had counted the coins and then falls to the ground. Siri thinks that the legs of the Zippy Cola machine were faulty, so the insurance company will have to pay, but Michael proves otherwise, saving Zippy Cola millions of dollars. Then, they go to Olson, Minnesota, to prove that the car robbery was fake, because in 32 there weren't any robberies there. Michael takes his own cutlery with him. Michael focuses on the display fish on the wall of the owner of the stolen 4x4, Mr. Bob Sparrow (Max Perlich) while his wife Mrs. Sparrow (Mary Saudargas) offers them tea and biscuits. The only description he gives of the criminals is "weird men from the city". They go to a frozen lake. As Siri believes that accidents happen out of the blue, they argue. Siri walks on the ice; she slips down and lands on her back - that way, she realises that there's a frozen fish in a tree. Mr Sparrow is going through his midlife crisis, and buys the expensive car. One drinking day spent with his buddy Tom (Chris Penn), bored to death, and they decide to use dynamite to fish out of boredom. They are crappy dynamite users, so they use one to break the ice. But the dog of one of them brings them their dynamite. They run away, they even try to shoot the dog Max, but Max leaves the dynamite under the brand new car. When it explodes, that's the end of the car, and Mr Sparrow falls onto the hole and into the freezing water river. His buddy tries to take him out using his shotgun, which wounds him a little bit. So they throw it in the lake, which immediately freezes again. The police take the car out of the river. Michael thinks that Siri found the key to the crime with sheer luck, but Siri says that sometimes to have to take the risk of making a fool of yourself to accomplish things. Michael thinks that bravery equals stupidity many times. Michael and Siri visit the wounded friend onto hospital. They leave for Wendover, Nevada to investigate the disappearance of the wacko driver from the beginning. If they prove that there was a suicide attempt, there's no obligation for the company to pay. Harvey Weston (David Arquette) likes shooting at old cars with his friend Stan (Brad Hunt).He's the man driving the pink car at the beginning. They are close to a gas station where Joleen (Juliette Lewis) works. Harvey admires a flashy red sports car. Joleen and Harvey make love, and Michael imagines himself making love to Joleen. Harvey and Stan buy Army tools from two ex-Army soldiers (Myth Busters Adam Savage &Jamie Hyneman). There are grenades, masks... but they finally buy the engine of a military jet. Harvey drives the car with the intention of "being on TV". The engine is designed to empower jets of 200 tonnes, but Harvey's Chevrolet was only two. The car ended being at 650 kilometers per hour. He can't stop the car because the tyres melt at 400 km/h and the hand brake is ineffectual. He turns right, which causes the car to fly at 30 meters high until it crashes against a small steep. Mr. Pearlman (Richmond Arquette) watches it, and thinks it's a UFO. Mrs Pearlman (Nora Dunn) thinks that her husband is eccentric, and that he was distracted by they two quarrelling children (Allie Busch & Matthew Busch). The married couple talk to Siri and Michael. Siri refuses to pay insurance for somebody who has done such a daredevil thing. They argue. Siri kisses him passionately to give him an opportunity to talk to a cashier called Zoe (Robin Tunney), pretending to split up with Siri. Siri thinks Zoe is desperate for sex and that she'll offer some "consolation" to Michael. Michael ties himself with a weird harness in the shower, but it gets stuck. As usual, the film director won't help him, so Siri, in revenge, showers his camera. At that moment is when Joy phones him. Michael tells her he'll phone her in a minute, and Siri leaves him there. Siri thinks that Michael is obsessed with the Darwin Awards because he's afraid he'll die in a stupid way. A female executive, Carla (Julianna Margulies), in a plane is shown how the automatic pilot works by the pilot (Rod Arrants) himself. That gives her an idea: while driving a van she leaves the driving seat. She turns the automatic pilot on and then gives a blow job to her lover Henry (Tom Hollander). They cause a car driver (Debbie Brubaker) and a lorry driver to swerve wildly. The van crashes into a dentist (Josh Kornbluth)'s office, who was trying to calm down a panicky patient, Mr. Harris (Mickey Breitenstein). The intrusion of the van causes the dentist to hurt Mr Harries, who sues him. However, the marks of the executive's teeth on the dick of her partner are proof enough. They drive to another location; they get lost and stuck in the middle of nowhere. Siri's phone is out of battery. Michael's phone flies away because he was trying to get some network. They try to fight the cold night by burning some petrol, thus setting fire to the whole car. Only when the batteries of the camera are dead will the film director take the trouble to use his working mobile phone with network. Siri and Michael hit him for not speaking before. In Tacoma, Washington. Michael mentions two people who bring disgrace to others, but who are themselves immune to harm. Simon (Judah Friedlander) and his buddy Farley (Lukas Haas) go to a Metallica concert in a dirty van and already drinking some beer. Simon's mother (Nancy Clausen) wonders whether Simon has stolen money from her purse. They have to wait outside because the contact who is supposed to sell them their tickets doesn't show up. They try to buy the tickets from two fans (Jason Foster & Lindsay Benner) by giving them 200 bucks, marijuana and even their van. Simon remembers how Lisa Cummings sucked him off in that van, but complains that he's still a virgin. They try to jump the wall inside the concert's venue. Simon ends up hanging in a tree. He cuts the wing of the tree with his knife, intending to fall onto a bush. They smoke some joints while doing that. Finally, Simon falls onto his own knife. Farley pulls Simon tying him to the van with a rope. But when he's about to pull him, a spark from his joint falls onto his trousers. Waving his arms and legs trying to put that out, Farley leads the van to fall on top of Simon, squashing him. The members of Metallica stop playing and stare at the weird view of the falling van. The driver survives, but Simon is squashed like a bug. At the Deer Glen Motel, Michael smokes a joint to inspire himself. Michael is frustrated because he can't find any link to all those weird deaths. His job is secure, though, because he's saving the company so much money, as Siri tells him. Siri says that all the procedures in the insurance company lead to people quitting on fair claims. Michael fights with two bar patrons (Jerry Harrison & John Doe) who laugh about Harvey Weston and Sparrow. Siri is haunted by all those weird deaths, but she tells Michael that he should try to forget it all. The film director is imprisoned in the bathroom so that he can't record their conversation. They kiss and make love. Siri doesn't give any importance to that sexual relationship. Michael analyses her passion for one-night stands because her father abandoned her when she was a child. She pretends to cut herself to show the blood to him. He falls to the floor but then, it was only ketchup. A couple who are reading books (Michael Horowitz & Cynthia Horowitz) asks him whether he's all right. The cameraman advises Michael to forget about Siri. At that moment, in their hotel room, Michael watches a reporter (Mike Sugerman) talking about the serial killer who has just killed again in South Beach. He realises that the victims were all reading books. He asks the film director to check that clue in his videotapes. The killer was carrying a beat poet's book in his pocket. Michael leaves for San Francisco and an ex-workmate lets him in. The film director phones Siri, who watches the scene and describes it to him. They go to Lawrence Ferlinghetti's book shop. When they finally talk to him, they lead him to a weird book buyer who tries to pass as a beatnik. Michael hangs himself from a rope and records with the director's heavy camera the killer's apartment from a window. His bloodied boots are there. Siri insists on calling the police, but Michael refuses. The film director hangs himself as well with a smaller lighter camera, which proves to be too heavy for the stone fountain which they have tied the rope to. They tell Siri to go up to the rooftop and secure the fountain. The killer watches them and he goes up to the rooftop and attacks Siri there, who is putting more weight inside the stone decoration. Michael gives his heavy camera to the film director. The imbalance in the weight makes the film director go down and Michael up. He reaches the rooftop and pulls the killer, holding onto his shirt. They all reach the street softly because of the new weight imbalance. Once there, the killer asks Michael why he didn't kill him by letting him go from a height, but Michael said that it was just a reflex on his part. However, the decoration mold falls down onto the killer, who just says that he won't ever go on a drinking binge again. The killer is squashed. The film director gets onto the ambulance recording it. The paramedic (Josh Charles) doesn't want to let him record because of the insurance, but Michael and Siri won't tell on him Metallica dedicates a song to Simon, while his friend watches it from backstage in a wheelchair. He's so dumb that he lights a lighter close to the pyrotechnics which are to be used later for the concert.
tt0299458
Drama,Romance
Paul and Noel have fallen in love. He is a young man living in a small North Carolina town. She is a teenager who has returned from boarding school after six years. Noel's older brother, Tip, is Paul's best friend. Tip and Paul drink beers and tell stories, doing little else until friends begin noticing that Paul is spending a lot of time with Noel. Tip does not like the idea, and lets Paul know it. Paul's mother works as a clown for sick children, and begs him to go on certain hospital visits with him, which he says he hates but otherwise seems to enjoy. One of Paul's ex-girlfriends, whom Paul dumped badly like every other girl in town, warns the naive Noel about the boys who hang around her, including Paul and a dorky guy nicknamed Bust-Ass. Agitated by the rumors, Tip confronts Paul and wants to know if he is having sex with Noel. Paul refuses to answer, and while their friends try to pull them away from fighting, Tip takes out his anger by beating another guy. Paul and Noel talk on her bed and begin to make out. He has tenderly expressed to her that he did not expect to like her so much after she returned, but he feels he can be real with her, and he is worried about what she thinks of his reputation. She tells him she is a virgin, and she trusts him. Paul gets off the bed and tells her that he does not want to hurt her like he has hurt so many other girls. And he does not know much else of what to say, so he leaves. Later, Noel asks Paul if they can spend the night in a motel. She emotionally tells him about a set of scars on her side: a few years earlier, her dad had let her drive their boat on a lake, but she was careless and ran over a boy in the water, then she fell on the deck in horror and began clawing at her skin with a fishhook. Noel says she just wanted to feel pain for what she had done. Noel and Paul go out swimming near the motel that night, then return to the room and make a tent with the sheets on the bed. Bust-Ass meanwhile begins nudging Paul about his curiosity for Noel. Noel and Paul meet at an empty bowling alley and express further affection for each other. She lets him know that she plans to go away to a friend's lake house the next weekend. They kiss on an open lane. Paul is so filled with love that he wants to dance, but he asks Noel to not watch as he does. Paul's mother is angry when he forgets to return her car for a disabled child's party. She expresses concern for how he involved he has become with Noel. Paul finds Tip sitting along the river in town. Tip tells Paul to do right by Noel, and tries to withhold his anger at how much the two of them used to sleep with girls without a care. Tip reveals that he's become increasingly distraught, especially since he recently learned that he got a local girl pregnant, which has sent him on a drinking bender. Paul asks if he loves the girl, and Tip guesses he does. Noel calls Paul from the lake house and tells him that she is having a party with some friends there, and that one guy keeps hitting on her. She has gotten a rather radically short haircut. After she returns, Paul is astonished at Noel's haircut, but likes it. He tells Noel that he wants to take her someplace special, but she wants to tell him something first. What happens after that is devastating.
tt0801526
Drama
Because this film is literally a spliced collage of various film fragments in no particular order, it is difficult to give a full synopsis, but there is a story to it all. Fifteen-year -old Tracy Birkowitz is a caustic, sarcastic, vulgar and spoiled teenager, living in Toronto, Canada with her well-meaning but often verbally abusive, workaholic parents. Bullied in school, her day-to-day environment has obviously influenced her behavior. The film starts off with her riding the bus, giving a monologue, and film fragments are shown that depict her parents yelling harshly at her that if she isn't careful, she will be raped and murdered. It then shows her locked in a room, presumably a police station, and then it shows her parents again, shouting that they want to know where their son is. Tracy is responsible for losing her little brother, Sonny, a nine-year-old mentally-disabled boy who acts like a dog. As she says, he has disappeared without a trace, and he has never come back. She has run away from home herself and has become more or less a hobo. Much of the film is then taken up with Tracy's everyday world of riding the bus repeatedly, looking every day for her little brother. She avoids school and home, and when she does show up to school, her teachers turn a blind eye to her peculiar behavior. Her classmates dub her "the titless wonder", much to her annoyance. She tries to call home on a payphone and cries out for her mother, to no avail, eventually smashing the phone booth in rage. She also rescues a disheveled woman a little older than she is after she is kicked off the bus. Before Sonny disappeared, a fragment from earlier times is shown in which Tracy meets her one and only friend, Billy Zero, an enigmatic high-schooler who dresses in all black grunge and dates her briefly. Tracy loves him much more than Billy loves her, and from other fragments, it soon becomes apparent that although Billy likes Tracy, he is only interested in sex and that he doesn't have any real profound love for her. Tracy's fantasy is to be in a metal band with Billy under her imagined stage name, Estuary Palomino. As the film progresses, it is shown that Tracy's manly female psychiatrist is very little help to Tracy, and believes nothing she says, wanting her medicated. It is also revealed that Tracy has borderline personality disorder. Both her and Sonny, having grown up in a broken home, are troubled but too afraid to say why. Sonny's bizarre dog behavior, Tracy believes is her fault because "I hypnotized him to be a dog from now on", but it soon becomes apparent that Sonny might have been acting out and had run away from home to escape his overbearing family, especially since there is no real proof that he's mentally challenged. There is some implied past affair between the parents of the Berkowitz family, and that Sonny might be either adopted, or another woman's child after her father had an affair, as seen in a flashback where Tracy's dad tells her as a young child about Sonny's ambiguous origin, claiming that he once had a mother who loved him very much, and spinning some imaginary story about dogs and Eskimos. It is never made clear what exactly happened to Sonny in the past. Tracy is shown spending time on the streets and in the homes of a number of people who she thinks are her friends, mostly hipsters and junkies with similar lives to hers and not a lot of money or emotional support. Tracy witnesses physical violence, drug use, sex and booze in her new environment. Seeking out her psychiatrist for help in finding Sonny proves to not be useful at all, however the psychiatrist kindly advises Tracy to go home and to tell her parents how she really feels. Tracy goes back out onto the streets and since she has run away from home herself, she becomes worried that adults will prevent her from her search for Sonny. When Tracy is nearly raped in one of the apartments she is spending the night in, she escapes wearing no clothes, just a shower curtain around her shoulders. She then gets back on her favorite city bus. When she is denied the option of living with her psychiatrist, Tracy lashes out and cusses while having violent mood swings. It is finally revealed how Tracy lost Sonny in a small flashback. Tracy obsesses over her body image because of her small breast size, spending a lot of the film comparing hers to that of the other girls around her. Because of this, she thinks no guy will ever truly love her, nobody at all for that matter, because the only person who has ever shown her not sex but real friendship, was Sonny. Billy Zero gives her the sexual attention she desires, but her parents ground her to her room, jeopardizing her relationship with Billy. Thus, under the guise of "taking Sonny for a walk", she sneaks outside to meet Billy and have sex in the back of a car, leaving Sonny alone for what she thinks is only a few minutes. Before she knows what has happened, hours have slipped away from her - and so has Sonny. A final fragment shows Tracy wandering naked under her shower curtain, unresponsive, through a Toronto park at night. Throughout the film, Tracy is shown sitting in a strange white-walled room, either a police station or a mental hospital. Therefore it is implied that she will eventually be picked up by Dr. Hecker and returned to safety, to get treatment for her problems and to be reunited with her parents. It is never said whether or not Sonny will ever return home. As Tracy's father says, a blizzard had ravaged Toronto in the time Sonny disappeared, so he might have gotten lost in the blizzard and died, sadly.
tt0486321
Animation,Adventure,Family
A preteen-aged fly named Nat and his two best friends, I.Q. and Scooter, build a fly-sized rocket in a field across from Cape Canaveral, Florida, where the Apollo 11 sits on its launch pad. From his earliest memory, Nat remembers his grandfather, Amos, telling him of his daring rescue of Amelia Earhart as she crossed the Atlantic Ocean on her historic flight. Wanting to be an adventurer like his Grandpa, Nat knows what he has to do. Defying the notion that Dreamers get swatted!, he tells his friends his plan to get aboard the Apollo 11 and go to the moon. His buddies, with some reluctance, are in. The next morning, as their families realize they are missing, the three flies make it to Space Center command. In their homemade space suits, Nat, I.Q. and Scooter stow away inside the space helmets of astronauts Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins. As they blast off, our three tiny adventurers are about to make some history of their own. Back on Earth, Grandpa, Mom and the others watch TV to get news of their offsprings adventure. As the astronauts appear on camera, the heroic flies wave in the background, visible to other flies but barely seen by humans except for an attentive NASA team member, who informs Armstrong that there appear to be contaminants on board. One other problem: In far-away Russia, there are other flies watching TV - Russian flies that cannot tolerate American flies getting to the moon first. A Russian plan is hatched and operatives are enlisted to interfere with the US mission. Mother Russia puts all its hopes of success on the back of one nasty operative named Yegor. Fortunately, a pretty Russian fly named Nadia also sees the flies on board and hears Nat calling out his Grandpas name, the very name of the fly Nadia met in Paris and loved so many years ago. Back on board the space ship, as the burn cycle to enter the moon's orbit begins, the capsule starts to shake violently. Theres a short circuit in a control panel that must be fixed manually or the ship wont be able to complete its mission. Nat and I.Q. fly through a maze of wires, find the problem and repair it just in time. Unaware of the flies aid, the ship enters orbit and all is well... or so they think. Just as they congratulate each other, the little flies are sprayed with a numbing aerosol and are captives in a test tube vial contaminants indeed. The flies manage to break the vial. Nat sneaks into Armstrongs helmet just in the nick of time. The Lunar Module lands on the surface of the moon. From inside the helmet, Nat beams with every awe-inspiring historic step. I.Q. and Scooter join him on the surface inside Aldrins helmet. Back on earth, other plots are being set in motion. After more than 50 years apart, Nadia finds Grandpa, though the joy of their reunion is brief. She tells Grandpa and Nats Mom about the Russian plot to divert the mission to crash directly into Mount Rushmore. Yegor must be stopped. Nats Mom faints while Grandpa takes off with a renewed youthful vow to save his grandson. At Mission Control, the Russian operatives have infiltrated and are preparing to alter the descent codes. Unaware of the potential danger looming, the astronauts and the little flies sit back and prepare to come back home as heroes. Grandpa, Nats Mom and Nadia join forces to stop Yegor and the Russian plan as Apollo 11 hurtles closer and closer toward Earth. In a series of death-defying stunts, they crush the Russian threat. Apollo 11 splashes down safely in the Pacific Ocean, the world still totally unaware of the three little flies on board who made it all possible. Returning as heroes, the three little flies share a slogan embraced by all: Adventure forever! Dreamers get swatted? Never! At the end the real Buzz Aldrin appears on screen and briefly explains that no flies were on board during the real flight. [D-Man2010]
tt0787462
Drama,Romance
With lush cinematography and a haunting soundtrack, Will Geiger's film presents a unique and timeless love story. Elvis (Max Minghella) is an unlicensed mortician in his family's funeral home, a once-splendid American gothic in rural Texas. His sense of of family obligation and love for his eccentric, ailing father (Joe Manegna) keeps him from following his dreams. Anabelle (Blake Lively) is a beauty queen being groomed for the big-time by a pushy, show-biz mother (Mary Steenburgen) and creepy step-father (Keith Carradine). All her decision are made for her - she's just not sure she fits the part. Their lives are worlds apart, but they collide when Anabelle, in a moment of triumph, collapses and dies on a beauty pageant catwalk and ends up on Elvis's embalming table. What happens next is as magical as it is unexpected.
tt1106447
Drama,Romance
When Tyler Davidson brings his college buddy Chase home for the summer holidays a secret is revealed that threatens to tear his perfect family apart. This summer two young men discover the importance of friendship and second chances. The Davidson family appears practically perfect in every way. Chase arrives in the quaint cottage town of Prospect Lake and is faced with the challenge of controlling his attraction for Tylers father, Nathan. But Chase isnt the only one with a wandering eye Nathan struggles to resist his feelings for his son's best friend while safeguarding his life long secret to protect his family. What would you do if the one thing you wanted could ruin your life? The Davidson family's world is set to collapse as the affair is discovered. Can a man keep his family and still hold onto himself?
tt0481390
Action,Drama,War
It's 1942, and the Australian 39th Home Guard of just 500 men face a Japanese force of 6000 on the treacherous Kokoda track in New Guinea. In the village of Isurava, it looks like an attack is imminent. A patrol from the 39th, led by an AIF lieutenant (Ben Barrack) from North Africa, are about to go out for the night. The patrol consists of Jack and Max Scholt (Jack Finsterer and Simon Stone), Darko (Travis McMahon), Burke (Luke Ford), Johnno (Tom Budge), Sam (Steve Le Marquand), Dan (Angus Sampson), Blue (Christopher Baker) and Wilstead (Ewen Leslie). Johnno is suffering from dysentery. Early on patrol, a camouflaged Japanese soldier slits the Lieutenant's throat, before tackling Wilstead, and is shot by Dan. A small battle breaks out between the patrol and the attacking enemy, and upon realizing the Japanese are going around the group, retreat to the track. Wilstead runs away, but is bayoneted in the eye by a Japanese soldier. Blue provides covering fire with a Bren gun. As the rest of the men fall back, they realize Johnno has left. Taking cover behind a fallen tree, Max notices Sam has being shot in the knee. A panicked Johnno runs back, frantically calling for Blue. Jack is elected the leader, and he takes Darko back to find Blue, but can only helplessly watch as he is repeatedly stabbed in the stomach and the decapitated. Upon making their way back, they run into a lost Dan, who is shot through the eye. The next day, Jack and Darko come across Max.
tt0952682
Drama,Thriller
After their father's death, Son Hayes (Michael Shannon) and his brothers go to attend the funeral, where they see their fathers other set of sons. After expressing his hateful feelings towards the man that abandoned them and left them for a new family, after a small argument, Son and his brothers leave. Meanwhile back at their house, the second set of half brothers express anger over the words said at their fathers funeral. When they talk to their mother, she explains their father was a different man before he married her, and that the Hayes brothers are products of that time. Son Hayes picks up his son for the week and tells him they'll go fishing. Later on at a gas station, the two sets of half-brothers exchange words before a fistfight begins, which ends when a nearby police officer flashes his siren as a warning. Each set of brothers leave, with the Hayes brothers going home and the latter the same. However the rival brothers proceed to bring a poisonous snake to the Hayes house in an act of revenge. However the snake only bites Kid Hayes' (Barlow Jacobs) dog. Word gets out at work that the rival boys were responsible to kid. This infuriates him and he goes down to a local diner to confront the eldest brother. Out of anger Kid begins to beat him near to death with a shovel, as two of the rival brothers come out to intervene, ending with Kid being stabbed. Son Hayes arrives to the hospital to learn his brother Kid died of internal bleeding, and the eldest didn't survive the attack from Kid. Down the hall, the rival brothers glare at Son, then proceed to walk out. This deeply upsets Son Hayes, as when he returns he dismantles the tent his brother had been staying in. Before departing to the rival farm, Son Hayes confronts his mother, blaming her for Kid's death. Stating "You raised us to hate those boys. And now it's come to this." Son Hayes goes to the rival brothers farm and begins to beat one of them as Hayes remaining brother Boy ( Douglas Ligon) watches. Son is knocked unconscious and Boy leaves with him while the others tell him to never return. Hayes remains unconscious in the hospital with his brother at his side. With tension getting to him, Boy buys a shotgun and goes to the rival brothers house, sneaking up on them and holding one at gunpoint before lowering it and leaving, unable to cause more bloodshed. This puts the rival set on edge, with them preparing for war. Following a talk with Son's wife, and seeing his brother in the hospital, Kid goes back to apologize and ask for a truce and end to the bloodshed. The boys although hesitant at first, accept and warn him to never come back. Kid goes to see his brother at the hospital and finds he has finally woken up. The movie ends with Son and Kid reflecting on the events that have transpired as each set of brothers go their separate way.
tt0458367
Drama,Sci-Fi,Thriller
What begins as just another day for everyman Brad (Rory Cochrane) quickly disintegrates into an ordeal of terror when a dirty bomb is unleashed on Los Angeles. Unable to contact his wife, Brad decides to barricade himself in his house while awaiting her return from work, facing isolation and panic during his tense vigil. With a strong script and talented cast, writer-director Chris Gorak's skillfully wrought thriller delivers high-level suspense.
tt1151915
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The film starts at a Chicago airport. A group of Marines have just returned to the US from Iraq. As the Marines leave, one Marine remains and makes his way towards the exit. The soldiers name is Jesse Rodriguez (Freddy Rodriguez). The film cuts to a house where a man, Edy Rodriguez (Alfred Molina) is on a ladder nailing up a welcome home sign for Jesse. The woman, his wife, Anna Rodriguez (Elizabeth Pena) gives him a rather disgruntled look before leaving to prepare for Jesse's return. Edy then travels to his store, a small neighbourhood supermarket. Along the way, and even in the store, Edy appears to be quite popular with the ladies. Back at the airport, Jesse finally meets up with his friends Johnny (Luis Gusman) and Ozzy (Jay Hernandez), who have come to pick him up. On the way to his fathers store, Jesse takes off his eye-patch to reveal that he can still see, but the area around his eye is badly injured. After some prompting from Johnny and Ozzy, he reveals that he was the lucky one, as his friend Timmy (I think that was his name, he never shows up in the film) was not as lucky and Jesse feels some guilt for this. On the way, the three pass a park and Jesse tells them to stop. The park was their childhood playground and the three take a little time off to play a game of softball and reminisce. While at the park, Ozzy spots Hector (Alexander Bautista), the man who killed his brother, recently been released from prison. Ozzy stares at Hector, and Hector stares back, however, before Ozzy is able to make his way to Hector, both Jesse and Johnny hold him back the they make their way to Edy's store. Upon arrival at Edy's store, Jesse gets a warm welcome from the staff and neighbours being something of a war hero to those around him. Edy, Jesse, Johnny and Ozzy head back home to celebrate Christmas. Jesse is given a warm welcome from his mother as others begin arriving. Jesse's sister Roxanna (Vanessa Ferlito) arrives by taxi, although everyone assumes she came in a limo because they all assume that she made it big in Hollywood as an actress. Jesse's Brother Mauricio (John Leguizamo) also arrives, along with his wife Sarah (Debra Messing). Sarah greets Anna and it is evident that she is not exactly comfortable around her in-laws but she is making an effort, even speaking a bit of Spanish. However, the topic drifts towards children and Anna makes it very clear that she wants grandchildren, but Sarah is a very business driven woman and isn't ready for kids, this causes some tension between Sarah, Anna, and Mauricio. After things settle down, everyone sits down and begins to catch up and each person's story is brought up: Jesse has just returned from a three-year tour in Iraq and is being prepared by Edy to take up the family business; Roxanna is waiting on news regarding a new TV deal; and Mauricio and Sarah are both in finances and making a great deal of money, but don't have time for much else. The conversation moves towards Jesse's experience in Iraq, but it's obvious that he does not want to talk about it (this is important later). Soon after, Marissa (Melonie Diaz), her son, and her boyfriend Fernando (Ramses Jimenez) arrive. Marissa is Roxanna's best friend from childhood, and Jesse's ex-girlfriend. It is evident that Jesse still has feelings for Marissa and vice versa, but there is much tension in the air. After everyone has arrived, they all sit down for Christmas dinner. Everyone is digging into an abundant pile of food, chatting away, while Sarah sits there with a look of awe on her face as she has never experienced the holidays with Mauricio's family. Edy is about to give a toast to everyone but gets a call. It seems that Edy has been getting a lot of calls, and often runs out when he does which gets Anna suspicious that he is having an affair, and cheating on her again (there was one previous incident in the past). Well, when the phone rings during Edy's toast, he stops to answer the call, and having broken the last straw, Anna proclaims that she is divorcing Edy. At first everyone thinks this is a joke, but it is soon evident that Anna is dead serious. Edy reacts with little emotion, saying that if it is what Anna wants then he can't really do anything about it. Mauricio is vehemently against this and tries to get some support from Jesse, whose response is similar to his father's, this angers Mauricio further. At this time, Johhny, Ozzy, Marissa and Fernando excuse themselves as it is a family matter. After more arguing, everyone leaves to vent, except for Sarah, who stays at her seat and continues eating, sort of a gesture of comfort/support to Anna; and the two have a somewhat awkward yet endearing bonding moment. At night, Jesse is about to go to bed when Edy shows up, having been kicked out of the bedroom and is not bunking with Jesse. Father and son have a conversation about Jesse's experiences but Edy can't really get much out of his son. Later that night, Mauricio is up in the Attic thinking about the night's events when Roxanna shows up. The two share a drink and Jesse shows up. The siblings reminisce about their childhood and what the future will be like after their parents divorce. Both Roxanna and Jesse are relatively neutral to the matter, but Mauricio is very against them. Being the only one of the three to be married, he believes that after 35 years of marriage, their parents have to have at least some love for each other, and that there is always a chance to salvage what remains of their marriage and he says all this while in his underwear (humorous scene). In the morning, Jesse catches up with Marissa while she is walking to work. She still hasn't forgiven him for leaving her several years ago. As it turns out, Jesse didn't want to stay in town and follow in his father's footsteps and ended up enlisting in the marines. While in Iraq, his unit was holed up in a building for the night, Timmy offered to take Jesse's watch so he could grab something to eat. While Jesse was getting some food, a rocket propelled grenade was shot into the building and Timmy was killed, while everyone else was injured. Ever since then, Jesse blames himself for Timmy's death since it was supposed to be his watch, and his life that would be lost. Marissa sympathizes and forgives him. Back at the house, Mauricio is attempting to get Anna and Edy back together by bringing over their priest, Father Torres (Manny Sosa). Anna returns home and Mauricio brings her into the kitchen. Anna is clearly drunk and is very upset. Another argument ensues and everyone is at everyone else's throat. Mauricio argues with Anna regarding having children, Roxanna reveals that she's not a star and can barely make ends meet. Both Mauricio and Roxanna think Jesse has it easy, since he got the store to manage as soon as he returned. However, Jesse doesn't want to manage the store and his guilt over Timmy's death has been haunting him since his return. After more arguing, everyone leaves. Roxanna, Jesse and Mauricio end up in a bar to drink/party to vent off some tension. Sarah gets back to the house and finds that everyone has left. Edy offers to give her a ride to the bar where everyone is. While driving Sarah to the bar to meet the others, Edy appears to have a heart attack and stomps on the brakes. Luckily, they skid into a parking area and no one is injured; Sarah is able to fetch Edy's medication from the glove box in time. As Sarah looks at the bottles, she realizes that Edy is really very ill and that that's the reason he's getting those phone calls (the doctor). Edy makes her promise to not tell anyone, since he doesn't want anyone to worry so they can enjoy the holidays. At the bar, everyone takes the chance to have some fun, drinking and dancing. Sarah gets hammered and starts dancing with Mauricio, who can't dance at all but does so anyway. Everyone is having a blast and Jesse takes the time to talk to Marissa. Roxanna, receives a call from her agent (with no actual news regarding the new part), goes outside to answer the phone and have a smoke. While Roxanna is out having a smoke, Ozzy comes out to talk to her. It is obvious that Ozzy likes Roxanna, but she is a bit apprehensive as she sees him as a gang-member type person, although Marissa has noted that he hasn't been part of that crowd for quite some time. Roxanna and Ozzy go to the local ice rink to talk, and Roxanna tells him that she really isn't much of a star since she has only had a few small roles in TV and commercials and can't really get a big part. Ozzy assures her that she will get her big break, but she is not so sure. Roxanna mentions returning home since her career isn't going anywhere, and her mom may need her around during the divorce. Ozzy is happy that Roxanna may stay, but is supportive of her career. The next day, everyone prepares to have a little Christmas carol parade, where people travel from house to house carolling, and people join along the way until nearly the entire neighbourhood has joined in. The parade ends with everyone arriving at the church for a big party/dinner. Everyone is dancing and having fun. Fernando goes off to get something to drink and Jesse asks Marissa for a dance. The two begins to get close and Jesse leans in to kiss her, just as Fernando lunges in and hits Jesse. Jesse (being a marine) pummels Fernando before his friends drag him off. While this is happening, Ozzy can't take it any more and leaves to confront Hector. Hector is returning home with his mother and sees Ozzy. Knowing what Ozzy has come to do, he tells his mother to go into the house and make dinner, while he goes outside with Ozzy. Outside, Hector tells Ozzy that he's ready to die, and has been for many years while in prison. Ozzy is visibly struggling to decide whether or not to kill Hector, just then, his phone rings, it's Roxanna. Ozzy gives up, and let's Hector live, and leaves to meet Roxanna. Ozzy and Roxanna go to the river, where he gets rid of the gun, and the two kiss. After midnight mass, Edy drives Anna home. On the ride home Anna confronts Edy about his affair, but all Edy will say is that all he wants is to have a good Christmas with the whole family, and that they should keep it together until the kids leave. Anna says that after the kids leave, there will be nothing more to talk about. Edy is now alone in the kitchen, drinking. Jesse and Mauricio return home and join their father, each drinking to their own little problems. Edy, decides to do one last thing for Anna and finally cut down that tree so the three go outside and secure the tree to a chain that is connected to the rear bumper of Edy's car. Edy guns the engine but the rear bumper comes off and he crashes into a parked car, injuring himself. Anna calls the ambulance and Edy is rushed off to the hospital. Before the ambulance leaves, Sarah runs out to Anna and hands her all of Edy's medication since she's the only one who knows how serious his health is. The whole family is at the hospital to check on Edy. It turns out that Edy has cancer, it's serious but he's being treated for it. Anna finally realizes that Edy was not cheating on her, and that the Susan that Edy was talking to was actually his oncologist. The couple make their peace and profess love for each other, and then Anna smacks Edy for being stupid and not telling her sooner. Having seen how frail life can be, Sarah decides to have children, and take the new position at work, and will try to balance both in her life with support from Mauricio. Back at the house, Anna is teaching Roxanna and Sarah how to cook with moderate success. Roxanna gets a call from her agent, and when she returns, it appears as though she has not gotten the part. Outside the house, Ozzy comes by to talk to Roxanna and she reveals that she actually did get the part, but it wasn't a very big part anyway, and she thought it would be best to stick with her family during these times, so she turned down the part. The next scene shows Jesse visiting Marissa to drop off some Christmas presents and to apologize for his behaviour the previous night. She forgives him, but she has a relationship with Fernando now and a happy family life. Jesse concedes and wishes her a happy life. After leaving, Jesse sits on a park bench, making a call to Timmy's parents to tell them about their son and how he died so he can get closure and move on. The final scene shows Edy, after discharge from the hospital, taking Jesse to his store, who has now decided to take up the family business instead of going back to Iraq.
tt0790665
Action,Drama,Thriller
Flood is a disaster film set in London and Scotland. Estranged meteorologoist father Leonard (Courtnay) and Marine Engineer son (Carlyle) are caught up in a weather related disaster as spring tides meet a freak North Sea Superstorm, flooding London. Brought together at the Thames Barrier, they are flung apart again by the elements as Rob leaps into a swollen Thames with his ex wife. These two meet clumps of survivors and plucky London Transport Engineers as they journey upstream to Central London losing comrades to the waters as they go. Dad meanwhile is airlifted to the secret Government HQ to help save the capital from the flooding. With 200,000 dead and as many displaced in emergency refugee camps in Greenwich park only a bold plan to repel the rising waters will save Kensington and Battersea. Father and son unite again for the time pressured final action event back at the barrier with the added threat of a Dambuster's like air strike. The film runs 120 mins and has nothing to to with Carolina.
tt1051981
Comedy,Romance
ANOTHER GAY MOVIE was about getting laid for the first time. In true gay fashion, ANOTHER GAY SEQUEL: GAYS GONE WILD! is about who can get laid the most. ANOTHER GAY SEQUEL finds our heroes ANDY, NICO, JAROD and GRIFF reuniting at a gay resort in sunny Fort Lauderdale for Spring Break. They participate in a contest called 'Gays Gone Wild!' to determine who can attain the most "buttlove" over the course of the vacation. Between Wet Package contests, Evil Gay Fratboys, and genital crabs the size of kittens, it's a bumpy road to booty victory. But this time around, love proves to be the biggest conflict of all as the boys struggle to rectify just how casual sex fits into their lives. Production of ANOTHER GAY SEQUEL: GAYS GONE WILD! will take place entirely on location in and around Ft. Lauderdale during the month of December 2007 and is set for a summer 2008 theatrical release.
tt0383694
Crime,Drama
Vera Drake (Imelda Staunton) is tirelessly devoted to her family, looking after her husband and children, her elderly mother, and a sick neighbour. Vera's daughter Ethel (Alex Kelly) works in a factory, and her son Sid (Daniel Mays) tailors men's suits. Her husband Stanley (Phil Davis) is a car mechanic. Although Vera and her family do not live lavishly, their strong family bonds hold them together. Vera works as a house cleaner. However, unbeknown to her family, she also serves as a backroom abortionist. She receives no money for this, believing her help to be an act of generosity, though her partner Lily (Ruth Sheen), a hard-bitten wheeler-dealer who also carries on a black-market trade in scarce postwar foodstuffs, does charge for arranging the abortions without Vera's knowledge. We are also introduced to a character named Susan (Sally Hawkins), who is the daughter of one of Vera's employers and whose story is one of the film's subplots. Susan is raped by a man she was dating, becomes pregnant, and asks a friend to put her in contact with a doctor who performs abortions. In Susan's case, the psychiatrist helpfully prompts her with the correct answers, so that he can recommend her abortion on the grounds that she might be desperate enough to harm herself. The sums of money might seem rather small to modern viewers, but two guineas in 1950 would be £48 in 2005. A hundred guineas, the price of a psychiatrist-approved abortion, would be £2400.
tt0482463
Drama,Romance
Bella is a story within a story within yet another story. Jose is at a beach in present time reminescing of a time 4 or 5 years ago when he shared a life-changing day with Nina, a waitress that worked at the same restaurant as he. During that day, he comes to face yet even another story that haunts him from his past. Nina is facing a tough decision and when Jose' shares a tragedy that affected his life and how his family helped him cope, Nina is also transformed. Nina is then able to make a decision that will forever link her life to Jose's beyond even romance.
tt0470000
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
In 1913, in Carlton Mine, Addytown, Pennsylvania, the cruel owner of a mine exploits poor immigrant children. After an explosion, a group of children are buried alive. Present day. Karen Tunny has just lost her husband after a long period of terminal illness and has inherited her husband's home by Carlton Mine. She moves to Carlton Mine with her two daughters, the 16-year-old Sarah and the 10-year-old Emma. Sarah meets a couple of teenagers around her age. She mentions to them that she lives up in the hills and one of them replies "Up where the zombies are?" William Carlton, a cynical and greedy local businessman and the last surviving heir of the Carlton who owned the mine in 1913, is hungrily devouring property and kicking people off his own property, which he claims goes from the mine to Addytown, which is very perplexing to Karen, since she lives on part of this land. Carlton wants to build a fancy ski resort near the mine. Hanks, a neighbor, tells Karen that the only way she can stay on her land is if Carlton dies. In that event, the land goes back to the "miner's deed", or those like Hanks and Tunny, who now live on the land. Many people are known to have gone missing in the vicinity, and the plumber, Mr. Thompson, who helps the Tunny family to fix their place, is another victim. William Carlton's two associates, helping him to survey the land and plan for the ski resort, are two others when they are killed by unseen figures. As it turns out, the Tunny's and Mr. Hanks are all relatives of the zombie-like children, who protect relatives, while killing all others. Emma informs her mother that the "zombies won't eat me" and on another occasion, that they wouldn't hurt her mom, but others they might. Karen finds some old photo albums in the basement with her husband in them, as well as the Tunny and Hanks children who died in the mine disaster, thus revealing that the family is related to some of the children who died. Karen is advised by her neighbor, Hanks, to stay at home in the night when the zombie children roam the nearby forest. He also tells her that there is no need to thank him for the blood smeared on his and the Tunny's door. The blood has a repellant effect on the zombie children. Meanwhile, Emma is making trips to the mine, where she meets and befriends Mary, who is one of the zombie children that suffered an untimely demise. Her mother, however, believes Mary is imaginary. Karen makes Emma promise not to go back to the mine, but Emma still goes out with Mary. At times, Mary even comes to the Tunny place, her former home, to sleep with Emma, her newfound relative/friend. One night, Sarah, with her new friends hang out in a car. Unbeknownst to them, the zombie-children approach the car. The boyfriend leaves the car to check out some strange noises where he is slain by the children. Sarah's "boyfriend" takes the driver seat and pushes the pedal but the car is stuck in the mud. He exits the car in hopes of moving the car out of the mud as Sarah takes the wheel. Suddenly, a zombie-child appears in front of the car as Sarah and her friend scream. The zombie-child jumps on top of the car and walks toward the guy who is desperately trying to move the car. Since his back is towards the zombie-child, he does not see the child swing his scythe in the air and impale him. Sarah and her friend continue to scream as the zombie-children break the windows and try to take the girls. They take Sarah's friend, as Sarah helplessly continues pushing on the pedal. She sees her friend bludgeoned by the children. Miraculously, she is able to get the car out of the mud. As she escapes, she cries "It didn't happen! It didn't happen!" Sarah arrives home to relay the horrific events that just occurred. Bewildered, Karen agrees to leave Carlton immediately. First, though, they run upstairs to fetch Emma. Unfortunately, Emma is not there, but Karen knows that Emma probably went to the mine with Mary. Karen and Sarah leave the house to go look for Emma. They enter the mine and Sarah is scared by a hand like tree root. They hear voices and leave the mine. Surrounded by all the zombie children, they run and find a car on the road (with Carlton inside), and enter telling them to drive but the tires are slashed before they can go anywhere. Karen and Sarah run to Hanks' house and are there until they hear a knocking on the door. They debate to open the door and William Carlton is standing there and tells how his driver was eaten alive by the zombies. The zombie-children break all the windows and attempt to climb in the windows but Carlton and Hanks keep them at bay with their guns. They decide to make a run for it and head to Hanks' truck. They run into some problems when the truck woun't start and head to the barn instead. The zombie-children come and start looking in the windows. They then break open the door. Hanks explains that they want Carlton. They let the children pass and they find Carlton at the top of the barn. Below blood starts coming through the slats and falls onto Hanks, Sarah and Karen. You then hear "Mommy?" The crowd of zombie-children parts and Emma is standing there with Mary. Karen starts walking toward Emma and embraces her. Emma then tells her that they wont hurt anyone anymore. Karen looks at Mary and the zombie-child smiles. In the final scene, Tunnys are driving away; they are moving. Sarah asks why they didn't sell the house. Emma remarks she's glad they didn't. Karen agrees. Back at the house, Hanks looks at the house and walks away. All the windows are boarded up. In one of the bedrooms, the zombie Mary is sitting on a bed and her brother zombie closes the door. THE END
tt0423169
Drama
Sherry Swanson (Maggie Gyllenhall) arrives at the Genesis House, a way station for women who have recently been paroled from prison. A recovering heroin addict, she has just completed a three-year sentence for robbery to support her addiction. Although she has her own private room, she has chores she must perform and must share a pay phone with the other residents. Accustomed to using sex to get what she wants, she quickly seduces Andy (Rio Hackford), who manages the house. She also performs oral sex on her job placement counselor so he will get her the job she wants working in a daycare center. Sherry struggles with wanting to use again, and befriends Dean (Danny Trejo), a fellow recovery group member who remembers her from a bar she used to frequent when she was underage. She wants to be a good mother to her daughter, Alexis (Ryan Simpkins), who has been cared for by Sherry's brother, Bobby (Brad Henke), and sister-in-law, Lynette (Bridget Barkan). Alexis is confused about her mother's return, a situation that is not helped by Lynette's disapproval of Sherry and insistence that Alexis call her mother and Sherry by her first name. Sherry gets into conflict with another woman at Genesis and moves in with Bobby and Lynette. When her father (Sam Bottoms) and his wife come for a visit, Sherry tries to impress everyone by singing "Eternal Flame," but the family is clearly more interested in Alexis and uncomfortable around Sherry. Alexis tells Sherry that Lynette doesn't want her to call Sherry mother, and Alexis and Lynette fight. Bobby takes Sherry to a motel. The next day, when Sherry reports to her parole officer, Hernandez (Giancarlo Esposito), he threatens to send her back to prison because she did not go through proper channels to leave Genesis. When a search doesn't turn up any drugs, Hernandez reveals she has a job at a local Catholic day care center. After completing her first day at the center, she goes to visit Dean, with whom she has begun a sexual relationship. Hernandez is tailing her and notes her new friend. Back at the motel, Sherry calls Bobby and asks to speak to Alexis. They fight when he tells her that Alexis is sleeping in the middle of the afternoon. Sherry is angry that the family doesn't tell her that Alexis's birthday party is being held at her father's home in the suburbs, a mood that is not helped when Lynette continues to behave as though Alexis is her daughter. When she cries to her father, he touches her inappropriately, something that Bobby sees. Disgusted, Sherry runs away and begins using drugs again. Sherry goes to her recovery group meeting where Dean gets her cleaned up, performing a Native American smudging ritual in the process. He invites her to go see his sons with him in Oklahoma and advises her to let what she wants come to her, rather than force the situation. After work, she finds Hernandez waiting for her in her motel room. She admits to him that she's been using and begs to be placed in an outpatient detox program. He tells her that her only options are an inpatient program or prison, and gives her the weekend to make up her mind. Sherry has lunch with Bobby, who agrees to let her spend time alone with Alexis. They go to a fast food restaurant. Alexis gets scared when Sherry confronts a woman who is verbally abusing her child. Alexis pees her pants. Sherry helps her change but Alexis is still scared of her so Sherry takes her home. Sherry tearfully admits to Bobby that she never really asked him and Lynette to help her raise Alexis. She embraces him and then drives away.
tt0347840
Short,Drama,Fantasy
'Rabbits' takes place entirely within a single frame box set representing the living room of a house. Within the set, three humanoid rabbits enter, exit, and converse. One, Jack, is male and wears a smart suit. The other two, Suzie and Jane, are female, one of whom wears a dress, the other a dressing gown. The audience watches from about the position of a television set. In each episode, the rabbits converse in apparent non sequitur. The lines evoke mystery, and include "Were you blonde?", "Something's wrong", "I wonder who I will be", "I only wish they would go somewhere", "It had something to do with the telling of time", and "no one must find out about this". The disordered but seemingly related lines the rabbits speak suggest that the dialogue could be pieced together into sensible conversations, but concrete interpretations are elusive. Some of the rabbits' lines are punctuated by a seemingly random laugh track, as if being filmed before a live audience. In addition, whenever one of the rabbits enters the room, the unseen audience whoops and applauds at great length, much like in a sitcom. The rabbits themselves, however, remain serious throughout. In some episodes, mysterious events take place, including the appearance of a burning hole in the wall and the intrusion of a strange, demonic voice coupled with sinister red lighting. Three episodes involve a solo performance by one rabbit, in which they recite strange poetry. The rabbits receive a telephone call at one point, and later, at the climax of the series, a knock is heard at the door. When the door is opened, a loud scream is heard and the image is distorted. After the door closes, Jack says it was the man in the green coat. The last episode concludes with the rabbits huddled together on the couch and Jane saying "I wonder who I will be."
tt0445965
Crime,Horror,Thriller
Interpol Investigator Phillip Jackson (Patrick Thompson) makes his living hunting some of the world's most disturbing cyber criminals. In the course of his duties, Jackson encounters a Feeder/Gainer website run by an American named Michael Carter (Alex O'Loughlin). Carter, an intelligent, (and sociopathic) suburban husband, spends his free-time streaming live footage of women being fed to the point they become immobile and eventually die. Jackson rushes to America to save Carter's latest volunteer/victim, Deidre (Gabby Millgate), who is now close to 600 lbs, before she meets the same fate as Carter's previous Gainers. However, Jackson receives little to no support from Interpol, due to the fact Deidre is a consenting adult and no proof exists that Carter has committed actual murder. As he attempts to locate where Carter is holding Deidre and prove Carter is a murderer, Jackson enters a form of psychologival cat-and-mouse game which he may not be prepared to face.
tt0318497
Horror,Thriller
Tim (Patrick Kennedy) invites eight friends of his to his Scottish mansion for a weekend celebration for his 21st birthday. Among the guests is his former college roommate Pete (David Nicolle), Pete's former girlfriend Laura (Amelia Warner), her best friend Emma (Rosie Fellner), Emma's former roommate Lucy (Vivienne Harvey), Lucy's New York socialite friend Jo (Paris Hilton), Jo's Manchester boyfriend Tom (Lex Shrapnel), and fellow college friends Damien (James Schlesinger) and Andy (Ben Peyton). During the night of a sudden snowstorm which strands everyone in for the night, Tom finds an old book behind a bookcase about a local Scottish lord, named Murray, who was put to death in 1746 during the last Scottish uprising. Upon reading the book, the spirit of Murray emerges from the book and possesses Tom, causing his eyes to turn black, and goes on a killing rampage starting with Jo whom he kills in a bathroom. Next, Tom kills Emma in her bedroom as she is preparing for bed, until he is stopped by Tim who stabbs him to death. But then, Tim is possessed by Murray, continuing the killing spree. When Lucy is stabbed and severly wounded by the possessed Tim, the five survivors hold themselves up in the parlor where they try to make sense to what is going on. While Pete tries to rationalize an explanation, Laura discovers the book that contained the evil spirit of Murray and begins to put two and two together about the possession: whenever the possessed person is killed, the spirit of Murray will pass onto whoever killed his host. Pete and Damian leave the parlor and confront the possessed Tim in the mansion cellar. In the struggle, Damian accidentally kills Tim, and in turn, gets possessed as well. Leaving Andy behind to look after the wounded Lucy in the parlor, Laura and Pete attempt to capture the possessed Damian, only to have him slip past them when they attempt to trap him in one of the mansion's many bathrooms. The possessed Damian breaks into the parlor and attacks Andy, only to be accidentally killed by the fireplace poker Andy had earlier given to Lucy to defend herself. Realizing that she is now possessed, Andy stabs Lucy with a shard of glass, taking the spirit into himself. When Laura is attacked and stabs the possessed Andy in self-defense, she realizes that the spirit will pass onto her, so she first pleads with Pete (who has locked himself in the parlor) to kill her before Andy dies. But when Pete is unable to, Laura makes the ultimate sacrifice of stabbing herself so the spirit will not pass onto her. Pete opens the door to prevent her from doing so, but is too late. Laura dies just before Andy expires, and thus saving Pete from being possessed as well. By the next morning, Pete finds himself the sole survivor of the massacre and after finding the cursed book, he burns it to ensure that nobody else will ever read it and re-start the cycle ever again. Pete also realizes as the lone Scot of the group, he was the only one Murray ever intended to spare, albeit alone and emotionally scarred.
tt0250081
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Fiction, the first half of Storytelling, opens with Vi having sex with her boyfriend, Marcus, who is afflicted with cerebral palsy. When they finish, Vi is anxious to leave, which Marcus suspects is because she no longer finds his handicap kinky. Marcus writes terrible short stories and, though Vi and her other creative writing classmates realize this, everyone flatters him because they are afraid of critiquing someone who is handicapped. Eventually, a classmate finally vocalizes criticisms before the black professor, Mr. Scott, unleashes a diatribe of insults ("Katherine is right. Your story is a piece of sh*t. You expressed nothing but banalities."). Marcus, hurt that Vi had not provided genuine criticism breaks up with her. Subsequently Vi meets Mr. Scott in a bar and she goes home with him. While freshening up in his bathroom, Vi discovers naked photographs of several of her white female classmates. "Don't be racist", she whispers to herself in the mirror. Upon exiting the bathroom, Mr. Scott asks her to take off her clothing and proceeds to sodomize her while demanding that she scream, "N*gger, f*ck me hard!" She returns to class, having written a thinly-veiled account of these events as a fictional short story. Her classmates immediately attack her with criticisms, calling the story racist, misogynistic, and the ramblings of a spoiled white girl. The second half Nonfiction stars Toby, a loser documentary filmmaker, and his subject Scooby, a directionless adolescent. Scooby is constantly at odds with his parents, a war that is waged nightly at the dinner table. Toby soon realizes that his documentary is aimless. It is revealed to the audience that Scooby is bisexual when he is shown apathetically allowing a male schoolmate to perform fellatio on him as he fantasizes about his parents set aflame. Toby's documentary soon changes from a respectful, educational documentary about high school students into a condescending, exploitative mockery of Scooby and his family. Scooby sneaks into an early screening of the film only to discover the audience laughing uproariously at the representation of his family. While Scooby is out, the family's ex-housekeeper, embittered by her recent firing, poisons his family with gas. Scooby returns to his home to discover that his family is dead and tells Toby coldly to not feel sorry for him because, "the movie is a hit."
tt0098253
Drama,Fantasy,Horror
The film starts with a naked man named Fenix, sitting in a tree in a mental asylum. Nurses come out to him, bringing a plate of conventional food, which he refuses. When he is offered the plate of a raw fish, Fenix descends from the tree and eats as the nurses get him to put on some overalls. Flashback The film flashes back into Fenix's childhood, which he spent performing as a "child magician" in a circus run by his father Orgo, the knife-thrower, and his mother Concha, a trapeze artist and aerialist. The circus crew also includes, among others, a tattooed woman, who acts as the object of Orgo's knife-throwing feats, her adopted daughter Alma (a hearing-impaired, voiceless mime and tightrope walker whom Fenix fancies, with the feeling mutual), Fenix's dwarf friend Aladin, a pack of clowns and a small elephant. Orgo carries on a very public flirtation with the tattooed woman, and their knife-throwing act is heavily sexualized. Concha is also the leader of a religious cult that considers, as its patron saint, a little girl who was raped and had her arms cut off by two brothers. Their church is about to be bulldozed at the behest of the owner of the land, and the followers make one last stand against the police and the bulldozers. A Roman Catholic Monsignor drives into the conflict, saying that he will prevent its demolition, but after he enters the temple to inspect it he deems it blasphemous and unworthy (the girl worshipped is no saint, he says, and the supposed pool of "holy blood" at the center of the edifice contains just red paint), so the demolition is carried out. Fenix leads Concha back to the circus, where she finds out about Orgo's affair, but Orgo, being also a hypnotist, puts Concha in a trance and rapes her. The circus elephant then dies, much to Fenix's grief, and a public funeral is conducted, in which the elephant is paraded through the city inside a giant casket. The casket is then dropped into the city dump, where scavengers open it up and proceed to carve up the elephant and take away the meat. Orgo consoles his son by tattooing a spread-eagled phoenix onto his chest, identical to the one on his own chest, using a knife dipped in red ink. This tattoo, Orgo says, will make Fenix a man. Later on, Concha, during her trapeze act, sees Orgo and the tattooed woman sneak out of the big top. She chases after them and, seeing them sexually engaged, pours a bottle of sulphuric acid onto Orgo's genitals. Orgo retaliates by cutting off both her arms (much like the girl previously venerated). He then walks into the street and slits his own throat. Fenix witnesses this, locked inside a trailer. He then sees the tattooed woman driving off with Alma. Flash-forward Back in the present, Fenix is taken out to a movie theater, along with other patients, most of whom have Down syndrome. A pimp intercepts them and persuades them to take cocaine and follow him to meet an overweight prostitute. Fenix then spots the Tattooed Woman, who is now a prostitute, and becomes filled with rage. Back in the asylum, Fenix's armless mother Concha calls out for him from the street and he escapes by climbing down a rope from his cell window. The Tattooed Woman is shown trying to prostitute Alma, who runs away and sleeps on the roof of a truck. The Tattooed Woman is then mutilated and killed by the hands of unseen woman. Mother and son go on to perform an act whereby he stands behind her and moves his arms so that they appear to be Concha's arms that are moving. But Concha soon starts to use her son's hands to kill those women whom she deems a threat to her, including a young performer that he kills with a knife-throw, as well as a cross-dressing wrestler, whom he slashes with a katana. A dream sequence subsequently shows that he has killed many more women, all of whose memories haunt him. Alma finds Fenix and together they plan to run away from Concha and her house. She tries to force Fenix to murder Alma as well, but, after a struggle, he manages to plunge a knife into Concha's stomach. Yet she does not die but taunts him by saying she will always be inside him as she vanishes before his eyes. Through a quick series of flashbacks, it is revealed that Concha actually died after being maimed by Orgo, and that Fenix has actually kept a mannequin of his armless mother for performing on stage and at home, which also now appears in reality to be a thoroughly dilapidated house. He destroys the home-made temple and throws away the mannequin with the help of his imaginary childhood friends, Aladin and the clowns. Alma proceeds to lead Fenix outside the house where police are waiting and order them to put up their hands. As they both comply, Fenix watches his own hands in awe as he does so. And Fenix's realization that he has finally regained control of them brings him joy and peace.
tt0113613
Comedy,Crime,Drama
The film opens with a missing girl (Elizabeth Moss) poster being pecked at with a crow during a storm. After the opening credits, a young woman named Paulie (Annabeth Gish) is seen cutting a tomato from the garden before going back inside where she is preparing food for her three friends waiting for her on the sofa. They are watching a documentary interview of Dr. Arbuthnot (Ron Perlman) when a disagreement ensues over the Doctor's strong anti-gay remarks. Just then the front door opens and Pete (Ron Eldard) appears. He has had car trouble in the storm and has been given a lift by a passing stranger (Bill Paxton). Marc (Jonathan Penner) invites him in to join them for dinner. During dinner, the stranger introduces himself as Zack. The five guests introduce themselves as Pauline, Jude (Cameron Diaz), Pete, Marc, and Luke (Courtney B. Vance). They are liberal graduate college students who live together in this rustic house somewhere in rural Iowa. But the dinner soon turns unpleasant when Zack turns out to be a racist, anti-Semitic Desert Storm veteran who supports Nazism. Haunted by his possible post traumatic stress disorder, and after a tense political debate that includes Zack making statements such as "Adolf Hitler had the right idea" and "the Holocaust can't be proven," the evening takes a turn for the worse, with Zack threatening the group, putting a knife to Marc's throat and breaking Pete's arm after Pete tries to threaten him. Marc kills Zack by stabbing him in the back, and the group decides to cover up the murder. After a long discussion led by Luke, the students decide to continue killing people with conservative views, in order to make the world a better place. The initial horror of the event soon turns to intrigue among the five housemates who have numerous discussions on the implications of what they have done whilst debating different views of their actions of many bottles of wine and digressing to problems of the world and politics. They discuss different methods of murder and settle on poison as being their first method used for the next case after Zack. The students lay down a procedure for each murder. The guest will be given every opportunity to change their mind and recant their beliefs. If the guests fail to change their ways by dessert, the group offers them poisoned white wine from a blue decanter and raises a toast. The bodies are buried in the group's vegetable garden. The following night, the group invites the local priest (Charles Durning) for dinner and lace a blue wine carafe with poison and reserve it for the priest's glass, while the green wine carafe is for them. Their previous discussions on good versus evil and man's right to serve judgement are to be played out. The priest's strong views on homosexuality and AIDS only serve to villify the housemates and justify their intended action. The priest eats his fill at the table and drinks deeply before beginning to feel ill from the effects of the poison. The housemates look on in mock horror and fascination whilst the priest breathes his last. Paulie feels guilty about what they have done, but the others console her and justify it based on the priest's strong opinions on certain topics that disagree with the views of the housemates, who go on to finish dinner with the priest still slumped at the top of the table. Suddenly, Marc begins to cough and act as though he is poisoned too, but it turns out to be a joke on the other housemates. Their next dinner guest is a man (Mark Harmon) with strong sexist opinions who considers rape to be a false state of mind and thinks that men are entitled to their position of superiority. The guest drinks from the poisoned blue chalice and soon begins to feel the effects to the amusement of the housemates, before he is buried in the garden alongside the priest. The film cuts to door-to-door inquiries being made by a local sheriff Alice Stewart, (Nora Dunn) about a missing girl Jenny Tyler, the subject of the poster at the start of the film. The next guest/victim to meet her maker is a woman (Rachel Chagall), a pro-life extremist with strong views on abortion. Meanwhile, Pete's abandoned car is found in the nearby woods by the sheriff who notes the licence number and contacts him to make inquiries about a gun found in the back seat. The next dinner guests are a pro-Muslim activist (Warren Hutcherson) and then an homeless basher (Nicholas Sadler) - meanwhile the tomatoes are blossoming in the garden as they benefit from the 'added nutrients' and Jude takes to caring for the garden, and Paulie makes chutney from the fruit. A environmentalist is the next victim (Jason Alexander) who, after sharing his strong opinions on global warming drinks from the poisoned blue bottle and the results are inevitable. Following that is a Neo-Nazi (Rick Lawrence), and then an illegal alien hater (Amy Hill). Meanwhile, the sheriff is stepping up her inquiries and reveals to one day Pete that she has also found Zack's abandoned pick-up truck in the woods. Zack is a known felon and Pete feigns shock when she tells him that Zack is a suspected serial killer, but Pete denies knowing who Zack is and does not identify him from a series of photographs shown to him by the sheriff. The housemates discuss their progress and the next guest, a librarian (Pamela Gien) is invited to dinner. But the meal is interrupted with a knock at the door, the sheriff has made a house call and gets Marc to reluctantly open the door. She is asking about the missing girl, named Jenny Tyler, and shows Marc the same photographs that she had earlier shown Pete. Paulie joins them at the door, flicks through the photographs and denies knowing any of them even though the picture of Zack is included. While they are at the door, there is a crash in the background that the sheriff hears (presumed to be the librarian collapsing). Pete rushes to the door to cover and meets the sheriff again. They make small talk to distract the sheriff who eventually leaves, but pauses in the pathway, suspicious on the students nervous behavior . When the housemates return to the dinner table, they find Jude in a panic because she has had to stab the librarian because she was a tea-totaller and didn't drink the wine. A discussion ensues where the housemates try to justify their killing of Zack given his criminal past, with them declaring that they have prevented other deaths by killing him. They then argue over their body count to date and excuse their actions based on their opinions of their victims and their strong views, declaring that they have saved society. After ten murders, misgivings begin to surface within the group as a couple of them grow indecisive regarding the justification of their actions. Their next dinner party guest is a young teenage girl called Heather (Bryn Erin) who has strong opinions for her age on her human rights and family values, and an opponent of mandatory sex education in school. Her opinions quickly anger the housemates and Luke takes a particular dislike to her, with the other housemates arguing among themselves. Jude eventually comes to Heather's rescue and accompanies her out of the house and she makes a lucky escape. The next day, the sheriff secretly arrives outside the students' house and peers through the garden fence. She overbears Jude and Luke argue over the tending of the garden and tomato plants and tensions are high.The sheriff scales the fence to get a closer look when she thinks that Jude and Luke have gone back inside, but gets caught creeping around the garden by the unhinged Luke who kills her with a blow to the head with a shovel. A few days later, Pete and Luke head to the airport for Spring Break but their flight is delayed. By coincidence, they see Dr. Norman Arbuthnot in the departure lounge and approach him to introduce themselves. (Throughout the movie, brief segments of radical statements made by Arbuthnot had been appearing on the TV that the group had been watching in their home.) They invite him back to their house for dinner and prepare the intended blue bottle poisoned solution, but allow him to drink from an alternative green bottle at his own selection for the time being. They go on to debate his views and Arbuthnot reveals that his extreme conservative views he shares on television are about gathering high ratings rather than necessarily being his own personal opinions. His views turn out to be moderate and reasonable, much to the surprise of his five guests. Arbuthnot reveals that he is actually a full-blooded liberal and he stymies the group with his moderate and persuasive arguments, all of which the usually argumentative group have difficulty debunking. He even admits that he says more radically conservative things mostly for attention. When he reaches for the blue carafe, Jude prevents him from drinking from it saying "It was left out too long and has gone bad," much to Luke's horror. They continue their debate. After several more minutes of talk, Arbuthnot's responses to the issues of abortion, racism, sex-ed, and women are agreeable. Out of pure frustration, all five confused students one by one suspiciously excuse themselves to the kitchen to determine Norman Arbuthnot's fate, leaving the bewildered speaker activist alone at the dinner table. In their absence, Arbuthnot goes to fill his glass from the blue bottle but he smells something strange and sets the blue bottle aside, thinking that the wine is fermented as Jude told him earlier. (Note: prior to him arriving, an overzealous Marc has made the solution too strong with too much arsenic which would explain an overpowering smell the wine now gives off.) In the kitchen, the five housemates talk over what they should do with Arbuthnot since he is really a fair-minded liberal like them. A quick vote is taken on whether they should kill Dr. Arbuthnot, and it's 4 to 1 to let him live. But Luke continues to hold out, insisting that he must be killed and even calls Arbuthnot "Hitler" for he is a skilled manipulator. After a tense altercation, Luke pulls out a gun and aims it at Jude. Luke confesses to killing the sheriff a few days ago, who until now, the other housemates did not know had been killed in their back yard. Back in the dining room, a curious Dr. Arbuthnot looks around at the various things in the dining room. After a few minutes, he casually takes the time to light himself a cigar when he spots the ten freshly dug mounds in the rainy back garden when the lights in the room flicker for a few seconds from the storm outside. Arbuthnot then picks up and reads a discarded newspaper lying on the couch which has a heading on the missing sheriff. Norman Arbuthnot looks towards the strong smelling blue bottle, and then back at the ten mounds of dirt outside in the pouring rain, and then back at the blue bottle... he begins to put two and two together. In the kitchen, Jude dials 911 and Luke points the gun at her, but Jude is placed on hold by the police department so she hangs up. Luke breaks down and the house mates console him before rejoining Dr. Norman Arbuthnot in the dining room. Arbuthnot presents the group with glasses of wine and offers them a toast but does not drink himself, with the excuse that he doesn't want to be too intoxicated to fly his private plane. A closing shot of a painting portrays all five students collapsed on the floor, with Norman standing next to the blue bottle and smoking his cigar. The film ends with an audio recording of Norman speculating about his possible presidential bid to a cheering crowd, pledging to do the people's will and describing himself as the people's "humble, humble, servant", and in the closing voice-over, Norman explains his reluctance to accept his fans' urging to take on the responsibility of "the highest office in the land" by explaining: "I already have."
tt0210075
Drama,Sport
Breaking new ground in women's boxing may seem like an unlikely way to advance the cause of women's issues. Aren't there more important problems like pay equity and childcare to address? Yes, but boxing reaches out in a visceral way to viewers too worn down by life's own battles to do more than manage to pay the mortgage and get the kids off to school each morning. So by gaining access to the viewers through boxing, this film does further our national discussion of serious issues facing young women. Regardless of your position on the sport of boxing, this film allows views to address serious themes of sexism, gender identities for men and women, sexual stereotypes for both men and women, and the role of parental figures. The character development of Diana is somewhat formulaic, but some formulas work and should be applied in new arenas. This is a suitable arena for the hero's journey. And Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) notice the reference to the Greek goddess of the hunt embarks on a journey that is not easy as a woman, an athlete, or an "at-risk" teen. Girlfight does what movies are supposed to do: provide entertaining ways to introduce topics about the human experience that viewers end up discussing long after the popcorn and soda are gone.
tt0252480
Drama,History,War
In autumn of 1944, at Auschwitz-Birkenau III, the Fourth Sonderkommando, a small group of Jewish prisoners assigned as laborers in the camp, oversees a load of Jewish prisoners bound for the gas chambers. The kommando's job is to ready the doomed Jews for death, ordering them to undress, turn over their valuables and herding them into the gas chambers where they are killed with Zyklon-B. The kommando enjoys privileges that are unheard of among Jews during World War II: they enjoy good food, are given decent living quarters and are even allowed to keep valuable articles taken from prisoners who are gassed. They are also only allowed to work for the camp for four months before being exterminated. One of the kommando, an old man, is near death and Dr. Miklos Nyiszli, a Czech Jew, is called from the Medical Experimentation block (where he works under the supervision of Joseph Mengele) by Hoffman, to tend to the old man. He revives the man but is thwarted by another prisoner, Rosenthal, who suffocates the old man with his pillow. The man's body is taken away to the crematoria where it will be incinerated. Nyiszli himself meets with Mengele and informs the notorious SS doctor that the experiments he's been ordered to perform on Jewish prisoners are too much for him to complete alone. Mengele says he'll provide Nyiszli with more staff. Mengele also grants Nyiszli permission, for his exemplary work, to visit his wife and daughter at the women's block of the camp. Speculation exists among the kommando that they will be liquidated by the camp command within a week. The kommando has been secretly receiving supplies for an uprising: local Poles from the countryside have been smuggling the prisoners gunpowder, grenades, ammunition and rifles for several months. The plan is to detonate a large bomb in Crematoria 4, rendering it unusable. The women of the camp, who have been working at the nearby UNIO munitions factory have also been smuggling the men supplies for combat. Three in particular, Anja, Dina and Rosa, are discovered, separated and cruelly tortured for information about their plans. Rosa is killed by the SS of the camp and her body is left in Anja's room while she awaits further interrogation. While pulling the bodies of an exterminated group of Jews apart in the gas chamber, Hoffman finds a young girl who survived the gassing. He takes her out and manages to get her body sent past the crematorium by claiming she's a twin & would be a suitable experimental subject for Dr. Mengele. Dr. Nyiszli is called in to revive the girl fully. Due to shock, she is unable to speak. Schlermer, one of Crematoria 4's workers, tells the doctor that an uprising will take place soon but he refuses to tell the doctor when. The kommando plans to help the girl escape the camp or to have her moved to the woman's camp where she may survive. Dina and Anja's entire barracks is taken out to a courtyard where they are summarily executed one at a time while she watches. She refuses to reveal the plans of the uprising and throws herself into an electrified fence where she dies. When Anja throws herself at one of the guards, she's immediately shot to death. The SS officer in charge is frustrated and orders the women returned to their barracks. One of the German commandants, SS-Oberscharfuhrer Mussfeldt, has been ordered by his superiors to investigate if the women's smuggling has infiltrated the men's camp. Mussfeldt discovers the kommando hiding the girl in their washroom and, using her as leverage, interrogates the prisoners about the stolen and secreted arms. Dr. Nyiszli orders the rest of the kommando out of the room and privately tells Mussfeldt about the uprising, though he cannot tell him the precise date and time. Mussfeldt muses on how easily the Jews of Europe were defeated by the Nazis and how easily they were used for forced labor. He also talks of their plans to exterminate the rest of the kommando by the end of the month. The uprising begins the afternoon of October 7th. The bomb is exploded in Crematoria 4, destroying it beyond repair. The kommando holds out for several hours but are eventually overrun and captured. The ringleaders are rounded up and made to sit outside the ruined crematoria while the fires are extinguished. All of them are eventually made to lie face down on the grass while they are shot in the head one at a time while the surviving girl is made to watch. Hoffman and Rosenthal, talk about how they both grew up in the same Hungarian town and would've been neighbors if they survived the war and returned home. They hold hands as the SS officer shoots them both. The girl who survived the gas chamber is allowed to witness the mass execution and is then allowed to run for a nearby gate, seemingly set free. Mussfeldt, an expert marksman, draws his pistol and shoots her dead. A monologue by the girl plays over her cremation and she talks of being expelled as ashes into the air and Vistula River where the ashes of all the cremated prisoners are dumped by the Nazis.
tt0090203
Drama
Houston, April 1947. "Mama" Carrie Watts has lived with her son Ludie and his disagreeable wife Jessie Mae in a small apartment for 15 years. One night they all have trouble sleeping. Jessie Mae nags at Mama persistently, and Mama begs Ludie to let her return home to Bountiful. The next day, Mama takes her latest pension check, packs a bag, and goes to both the train and bus station; at both places, dispatchers tell her that no trips go to Bountiful anymore. She buys a bus ticket for a nearby town and heads off with great excitement, evading Ludie and Jessie Mae. Along the way, she meets a young woman named Thelma, who is sad that her husband is away in the military. Mama complains about Jessie Mae, wishing she still had her own house. Mama abruptly tells Thelma that she did not love her own husband, but rather was always in love with another man; she cries in explaining that she could not marry him because their fathers disliked each other. When Mama makes it to her stop with Thelma, she is shocked to learn that the friend she wanted to see in Bountiful died just days earlier, and that the town itself no longer has any residents. She also realizes that she left her purse on the bus, but the dispatcher calls ahead to have it brought back. Mama blithely wonders with Thelma why her life is filled with trouble yet relief. Thelma takes off to her destination, and Mama lies down to sleep on a bench. Hours later, the town sheriff comes by to tell the dispatcher he'd gotten a call looking for Mrs. Watts. When the sheriff tells her that Ludie is coming to pick her up in the morning, Mama begs to be allowed to see Bountiful, only 12 miles away. She breaks down in tears, explaining that she just wants to see her old home once before she dies. The sheriff calls a doctor to have her sedated. At dawn, with Mama in a much calmer mood, the sheriff agrees to drive Mama to Bountiful. She is dismayed as they drive through the abandoned town, with its handful of buildings overgrown with weeds. He drives her out to her old house, also long since empty, and they chat. Mama eventually becomes emotional, knowing that she has outlived her family and her house. The sheriff leaves Mama alone to walk through the house for a while. Ludie drives to the house and finds her sitting on the porch. She says she got her wish. Ludie regrets not bringing her earlier, saying, "I just thought it'd be easier if we never saw the house again," and he refuses to go in. As they stand outside, Ludie gets upset recalling Mama's father's funeral at the house when he was 10, pointing out that he's never had children, feeling that he's never done good by his mother or wife. He confesses that he's been repressing the memories of his childhood, because they do not help him. Mama wonders what will still be left after they and the house are gone: the river, the fields, the trees, the smell. She tells Ludie they are all part of the land that keeps changing. Jessie Mae shows up and confronts Ludie to tell Mama the new "rules" she has for her, such as no more running away. Mama agrees, saying that her trip has been "more than enough to keep me happy for the rest of my life." Ludie suggests that they should all get along better, and gets mad at Jessie Mae for distrusting his mother. Mama takes a last moment to sit on the ground and look at the house, saying goodbye. She quietly cries as Ludie drives them away.
tt0162930
Comedy,Horror
NOTE: Dracula is played by three different actors [Ernest M. Garcia, Chaba Hrotko, and Tom McGowan]. Whenever Dracula is in need of blood, his body "swells" (instead of shriveling) and he starts to look gross and bloated, hence the need for different actors. Prologue: In the year 1577, a Romanian hero, Vlad Dracul the Impaler, drove the Turkish armies out of Transylvania on the point of spikes. He began to use this punishment on all of his enemies. He even impaled Saxon merchants, then sat down to a meal of raw meat as his dinner. He became one of the bloodiest rulers in the world, and when he died in the year 1599, he was buried in a well preserved casket in the cellar of a castle in the town of Snagov. The poor Romanian people were cursed because of him. They suffered hunger and horrible sickness, including the bubonic plague. For 300 years after his death, they suffered until they could stand no more. 1900 Romania. Dracula has had it with 300 years of whining Romanians, so he flies his casket right out of its resting place and into a new castle in far-off Morovia. The first thing he does when he gets there is to save the virgin bride Sonia [Talia Botone] from being raped and murdered by King Ludwig. Dracula kills Ludwig then turns Sonia into a vampire. Present Day, California. Steven Hillman [Denny Sachen], distraught over the death of fiance Julia while water-skiing on the Colorado River, wishes on a falling star that Julia was still alive. At that very same moment, in far off Morovia, that very meteor lands on top of the casket of a girl being buried following a drowning accident, and she is miraculously reawakened. By some coincidence, Steven decides to drown his sorrows by taking a trip to Morovia. For several days, he wanders the streets of Prague, seeing Julia out of every window and in every glass of booze, until he finally decides to leave the city and get on to Morovia. While driving on one of the mountain roads, he swerves to avoid hitting a truck and goes over into a ravine. Injured and bleeding, he makes his way back to the road and into the small village of Dubova where he stumbles into the local pub and passes out just after seeing the pubkeeper's daughter, Carla [Kerry Dustin], who is the spitting image of Julia. Meanwhile, Dracula is out hunting by the river. When one of the village girls takes her laundry down to pound on the rocks, Dracula gets her. The next morning, the men of the village (pubkeeper Ivan, Baker Fuksa, Dentist Hoble, Father Stanislav, and Butcher Wurst) are sitting around the pub discussing how to get rid of Dracula, who has apparently been plaguing their village for the past 90 years. Father Stanislav knows Doctor Van Helsing, the world's leading expert on vampires, and he offers to summon his help. That evening, Van Helsing [Bruce Glover] arrives. As the men sit around eating and drinking [which is all they ever seem to do], a hunter comes into the inn. He orders a steak "blood rare" and a glass of red wine, which piques Van Helsing's curiosity. In order to test the hunter, Van Helsing doctors his toast with garlic. When the hunter takes a bite of his toast and angrily leaves the pub, Van Helsing is certain that they have found Dracula. Now to destroy him. Van Helsing has brought with him the ancient book How to Kill Dracula. With Steven's help, Van Helsing plans on going through each of the methods until one works. Method #1 involves firing a silver bullet through Dracula's heart. Unfortunately, it doesn't work. When Dracula phones Dentist Hoble needing some work done on one of his fangs, Van Helsing puts plan #2 in motion. He has Hoble pull out the fang. Hoble is later found dead with one hole in his neck. Van Helsing surmises that the silver bullet didn't work because Dracula's heart floats around inside his chest. So, for attempt #3, Van Helsing has the blacksmith fashion a five-pronged stake, five prongs being more likely to pierce the floating heart. When Van Helsing plunges the five-pronged stake into Dracula's chest, however, Dracula pulls it out and tosses it out the window. Plan #4 involves blowing up Dracula with a hand grenade. As Dracula stands in front of his window playing the violin, Steven aims the grenade through the window with a slingshot. The grenade goes off but manages only to destroy Dracula's violin. Dracula retaliates by hurling fireballs at them. Meanwhile, Steven and Carla have become engaged. That night as they sleep, Dracula comes in the window and carries off Carla to his castle where he turns her into a vampire. Not to worry, though. Van Helsing and Steven are on their way with Plan #5, this time to challenge Dracula to a duel. While Dracula and Steven duel, Van Helsing manages to pin Dracula to the wall with a spear and cut off his head. While Dracula reattaches his head, Carla tries to entice Steven, but Van Helsing pulls him away and they escape the castle. Some hours later, as Dracula plays his new violin from the window and Sonia, Carla, and Dana dance in the garden, Van Helsing sets Plan #6 in motion. Steven is to climb to the roof of the castle, just above Dracula's window, and pour oil over him while Van Helsing shoots Dracula with a flaming arrow. As Dracula's window glows in flames, the three vampiresses go after Van Helsing and Steven. Steven wakes up. Carla is at his side. She explains that he's been in a coma and had a bad dream. Hah. It was no dream. Van Helsing and Steven have been turned into vampires. While Dracula and Van Helsing play piano and violin respectively, Steven dances with Carla, and Sonia and Dana dance with each other. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0120613
Drama,Romance
It is the summer of 1969. Everyone seems to be waiting for Neil Armstrong to walk on the moon. The Vietnam War is going on, the flower children abound, and there is a big concert at Woodstock. Teenager Alison and her family are on vacation in a holiday camp for Jewish families not far from Woodstock. Pearl, the mother, is young and attractive, but defeated by life. She got pregnant at a young age and gave up on her dreams to devote herself to her children. Marty, the father, is absent because he is busy at the television repair company where he works. Everyone who needs to have their television repaired wants it in time to see the moon landing. One day a charming salesman of clothes and knick-knacks arrives at camp. Pearl falls in love at first sight. He lives an intense life of love and passion, ending with the adventure of going to Woodstock, where Alison and her first boyfriend have also gone. During the concert, the girl sees her mother and runs away. The father goes to the field and, having knowledge of her infidelity, tries to put back the pieces of a floundering marriage. Eventually, the salesman leaves and the parents dance together.
tt0110978
Comedy,Horror,Thriller
In this installment, we hear that since 1991 (when the third Texas Chainsaw Massacre took place), the massacres have stopped and for five years Texas has remained silent. This installment takes place in 1996 and starts off with a group of teens at their high school prom. This includes Jenny, who lives with an abusive step-father, her friends and all of their dates. When one of Jenny's friends, Heather, notices her boyfriend Barry is missing, she finds him outside the school cheating on her with another girl. Extremely angry, Heather starts driving away in Barry's car, while Jenny, and her boyfriend Sean, and Barry running after them. Heather finally stops and lets Barry in so she could confront him about the cheating. Driving angrily, Jenny collides with another car on a remote wooded road. The other driver passes out after saying he's not hurt. Heather, Barry and Jenny decide to look for help while Sean stays at the scene of the crash. The trio finds an insurance office and ask Darla, the agent working there, for help. She calls up her husband Vilmar Sawyer to get in his pickup truck and head out to the scene the crash. At the crash site, Vilmar examines the passed out teen with Sean's help, but suddenly breaks the kid's neck and chases Sean down with his pickup. Meanwhile, Heather and Barry head off, leaving Jenny alone. They find a house that ends up belonging to the cannibal family. They're confronted by Leatherface and his brother W.E. Sawyer. W.E. threatens Barry with a shotgun while Heather is put up on a meathook by Leatherface. Barry asks W.E. to put the gun down just so that he can use the bathroom. W.E. gives him permission and Barry goes inside to use the bathroom. He discovers a skeleton in the bathtub as well as the remains of previous victims in the room. He is suddenly hit over the head with a sledgehammer by Leatherface. Jenny, now on her own, is attacked by Vilmar in his pickup truck. He loses her, but knows she'll run into Leatherface. Jenny ends up running into and from Leatherface and decides to take shelter in the house. When she runs upstairs to escape from Leatherface, who is cutting the front door down to get in, she finds a stuffed body of a Texas Ranger. Jenny grabs his gun and fires it at Leatherface, scaring him. She jumps out onto the roof but he follows her. Jenny falls off as Leatherface chases her. Leatherface jumps down after her and she is chased into the woods. Jenny runs back to the insurance office only to have Darla subdue her. Darla stuffs Jenny into the truck of her car, and after driving by a local pizzaria where she orders some pizzas for the family's dinner, she eventually drives back to the cannibal house where she tells Jenny the reason why the family kills people! For the last few thousand years this "family" of extraterrestrials has been on Earth just to be able to kill. They are in business with governments all over the world as a secret agency who kills people across the globe. Jenny then gets knocked out by Vilmar as she tries to escape. She wakes up at the dinner table sitting among the corpses of the whole cannibal family shown in first three movies. Darla tells Jenny that she can't help, since she was subdued by Vilmar and had an explosive device in her head that will go off if she does anything to help her. It is not sure if Darla is telling the truth or if she is just crazy like the rest of the Sawyer family. Darla also tells Jenny about a bureaucrat, named Rothman, who is a powerful politician and businessman whom visits from time to time. Rothman shows up at the house soon afterward, as he occasionally checks up on this and other families around the world. Rothman is furious when he sees Jenny is still alive. He tortures Vilmar using a remote control that activates a device in his leg, giving Jenny a chance to escape in which she kills W.E. who attemps to stop her. After Vilmar regains consciousness, he and Leatherface chase after her. On the road, Vilmar and the transvestite Leatherface catch up to her in which Jenny manages to knock down Vilmar, but is saved when a passing limosine stops for her and Jenny gets inside. It is Rothman whom is her savior. Rothman tells Jenny that Vilmar had really messed up by letting Jenny go, so he decided to rescue Jenny and calls someone over his car phone claiming that it is an assassin to kill Vilmar. Jenny gets angrier as Rothman tells her that he help get her to a nearby hospital and that this was a "spiritual experience". He also claims he will shut down the cannibals killing business world-wide. Once at a hospital, Jenny consults with a cop who tells her that the police will investigate her claims. He also says that they'll figure it all out eventually, since it obviously isn't over. The movie ends with scenes of Leatherface swinging his chainsaw around on the road, angry at the death of Vilmar.
tt0118647
Action,Crime,Thriller
The film opens to the sounds of a couple having sex. Afterwards, Carlos the Jackal (Aidan Quinn) kills a spider in its web with his cigarette and evicts the woman(Lucie Laurier) from his room because he claims he has work to do. He is seen donning a disguise, and he walks to a cafe where CIA agent Jack Shaw (Donald Sutherland) is sitting at a table outdoors. He recognizes Shaw and asks for a light. Shaw does not recognize Carlos, because of his disguise, but he turns to watch Carlos enter the cafe. He watches as Carlos detonates a grenade, killing dozens of people. The film shows an event of attacking the OPEC meeting by the Jackal and his fellows in 1975. In the present day, Carlos is apprehended in an open air market and brutally interrogated by a Mossad commander named Amos (Ben Kingsley). Carlos claims to actually be a US Naval officer named Annibal Ramirez whose identification was lost in the chaos of his arrest. Amos confirms his identity and lets him go, stunned that Ramirez looks exactly like Carlos. Back at home, Ramirez is visited by Shaw who tries to recruit him to play Carlos' double. Ramirez is so embittered by his rough treatment in Amos' hands, that he insists he will sue and flatly rejects the idea of portraying Carlos. Shaw persists, wooing Ramirez on several occasions. He finally convinces Ramirez by showing him a child in a hospital who he claims is a victim of one of Carlos' bombings. Amos and Shaw train Ramirez at a remote location. Much of his training is devoted to situational awareness and internalizing details of Carlos' life. His training concludes with one of Carlos' ex-mistresses training Ramirez in how to make love like Carlos. The plan to catch Carlos revolves around convincing the KGB, which supports much of his terrorism, that he has begun to work with the CIA. The team lures one of Carlos' girlfriends to Libya, where Ramirez meets up with her, successfully posing as Carlos, even during their lovemaking. The girlfriend has become an informant for the French, however. Several French agents arrive at their apartment, and Ramirez is forced to kill them to survive. He is horrified at having to kill allies in his undercover operation. Carlos sends an assassin to kill the girlfriend in France, ordering him to leave Europe through London. The assassin happens to be in Heathrow airport at the same time as Ramirez, and he quickly realizes he is an impostor after Ramirez doesn't recognize him. The assassin forces Ramirez into a bathroom and a struggle ensues. Amos rushes in and manages to kill the assassin before being fatally shot. After Amos' death, the CIA shuts down the mission and Ramirez returns home. Back with his wife, he makes love to her as Carlos would, and she is disturbed by the change in his personality. The next day, at his son's little league game, he gets into a confrontation with another father and nearly kills him. Shaw bails him out of jail, and both men are clearly suffering deeply by not being able to finish their mission and kill Carlos. They head to East Berlin and conspicuously meet with each other. The KGB sees Ramirez meeting with Shaw and assumes Carlos has turned on them. They raid his hotel, but as they try to arrest them, he escapes. Shaw and Ramirez are waiting outside the hotel for him, and Ramirez fights Carlos on the bank of a river. It's impossible to tell which is the real Carlos during the struggle. As one of the men is being held under water by the other, Shaw comes upon them and shoots the man above the water several times. He realizes that he has shot Ramirez, and Carlos swims away. Ramirez presses Shaw to leave him and chase Carlos, but Shaw insists that their plan has worked and Carlos is a marked man by the KGB. One way or another, Shaw points out that Carlos' days as a terrorist are over. The deaths of Ramirez and his family are staged by Shaw, and in the final scene, the family are safely cavorting on a beach. Ramirez moves to kill a spider in its web with his cigarette, but appears to change his mind.
tt0119809
Comedy,Drama,Sci-Fi
A day in the life of Dark Smith (James Duval) an 18-year-old, alienated Los Angeles high school film student who dreams of the "End of the World" and is obsessed with finding his true and lasting love before "the end" comes in order to get away from his nagging, working class mother (Beverly D'Angelo) whom he lives with. The object of Dark's affections, Mel (Rachel True), a bisexual African-American girl from where he goes to school, feels for him deeply but can't commit herself to any one person or gender, splitting her time between Dark and her curvaceous, purple-haired, acid-tonged, lesbian girlfriend Lucifer (Kathleen Robertson). Dark, meanwhile, becomes enthralled by the beauteous Montgomery (Nathan Bexton), a young, blond, homosexual with two different color eyes from his school who's literally "a vision to behold the golden California sun." On this typical Friday morning, Dark, Mel and Lucifer drive in Mel's car to The Hole, their local coffeehouse hangout for breafast. They pick up Montgomery, who's standing lonely at a bus stop also looking for a ride there. At the Hole, Dark meets and commiserates with his best friend, queer industrial rock star Cowboy (Guillermo Diaz) who has troubles of his own: he can't find his boyfriend and band mate, Bart (Jeremy Jordan), who's on a self-destructive downward spiral that threatens both their romantic and musical partnership. Bart, at that very moment, is at the home of the scurvy, green-haired, drug dealer Handjob (Alan Boyce). Bart is far more interested in Handjob's wares than in the perversion of being offered by the dangerously sexy dominatrix duo of Kriss (Chiara Mastroianni) and Kozy (Debi Mazar), Handjob's live-in S&M girls. Also convening at The Hole for a "sugar gorge" are a trio of girls from where the gang also goes to school. They are the metal-mouthed, wisecracking Dingbat (Christina Applegate), the "brain" of the group; Montgomery's best friend Alyssa (Jordan Ladd), a poetess who warns him of the impending Armageddon which is supposedly happening tonight; and the meek and dewy Polly, nicknamed Egg (Sarah Lassez). While everyone is making plans to meet for that night's game of kick-the-can and the big blowout party happening later, the bulimic Egg is wooed in the girls restroom by a Teen Idol (Jaason Simmons from TV's "Baywatch") who is so famous that no one needs to utter his name. The Teen Idol offers to take Egg for a walk and she happily agrees. A little later outside The Hole, Egg's older brother Ducky (Scott Caan) arrives where Dingbat brings him up to date on his sister's budding romance with the Teen Idol. Oblivious to the fact that Dingbat has a crush on him, Ducky is googly-eyed over Alyssa. But she is head-over-heels for a Harley-straddling stud named Elvis (Thyme Lewis). Alyssa's torrid and kinky sex with Elvis at his apartment a little later gets an extra frisson from the psychic connection she shares with her self-destructive twin brother Shad (Ryan Phillippe), who at that moment is going at it with his luscious girlfriend Lilith (Heather Graham) after a fortune teller (Charlotte Rae) tells them about their impending deaths. While Mel and Lucifer race on the Venice boardwalk on their roller blades, Lucifer's sister Jana (Denise Richards), Jana's friend Shannon (Teresa Hill) and local hunk Noah (Kevin Light) watch them as they are modeling for a photo shoot on the beach. As the hot sun continues to beat down on Los Angeles, the weird stuff starts happening. While waiting at a corner bus stop to go home after classes, Dark watches agog as a trio of nattering Valley Girls (Traci Lords, Shannen Doherty, Rose McGowan) are vaporized by a raygun-toting Alien (Roscoe) who disappears before his eyes before he can film it with his video camera. Dark stands there wondering if was it real or just another acid flashback? And things go from bad to worse for Egg when the Teen Idol brings her to his place where, after she refuses his advances, the man suddenly flips out and transforms into a Mr. Hyde-type sex fiend who proceeds to rape and savagely beat her to a bloody stump. Bart, high on drugs, finally gives into Kriss and Kozy's demands for some fun and lets them do tasteless and other unspeakable things to him. At the same time, Mel sneaks into Dark's bedroom for a period of afternoon romantic sex, only to leave in a huff soon after. At the school baseball field that evening, Dark, Mel, Lucifer, Montgomery, Cowboy, Dingbat, and Ducky begin their game of kick-the-can; all of them high on halogenous to make the game more harder and interesting. Then Dark witnesses Montgomery vanish into thin air as well as the Alien lurking around the locker room where Montgomery was last seen. But Dark has no choice but to join the rest of his friends who are heading to the phantasmagorical party going on at the home of Jujyfruit (Gibby Haynes). Also at the party are two dumb fashion models named What (Devon Odessa) and Ever (Stacy Keanan) who are looking for some excitement. The only ones missing from the party are Egg and Bart, who are tucked in the sanctuary of their respective bedrooms, both of them bloodied and bowed by the unexpected encounters with danger. The devastated teens are each riveted to their TV sets, watching the mesmerizing cathode-ray vision of Moses Helper (John Ritter), a televangelist who hard-sells the eternal, everlasting salvation of Heaven. Bart's non-English-speaking Swedish parents, Mr. and Mrs. Sighvatssohn, (Christopher Knight and Eve Plumb) sit in front of their living room TV set and watch the news where the newscaster Julie (Lauren Tewes) talks about the hot dry weather over L.A., the unconfirmed alien abductions, and of the Atari Gang that the people are to beware of. As Egg and Bart succumb to the insidious exhortations of Moses Helper, and commit suicide (she by slashing her wrists and he by a gas oven), Jujyfruit's party cranks to full-blast. Meanwhile, Mel's little brother Zero (Joshua Gibran Mayweather) picks up his blond girlfriend Zoe (Mena Suvari) outside her apartment building and they drive through the city looking for Jujyfruit's party. Zero and Zoe follow a trio of scary looking drag queens (John Enos, Nicolette Gato, Brian Buzzini) on their way out of a convenience store, only to get lost on a back road. Zero and Zoe then come across Shad and Lilith in their car nearby. But they aren't very cooperative in giving Zero and Zoe directions to the party and they drive off. Things get even worse for the young couple when Zero and Zoe are accosted by the notorious Atari Gang (Aaron Smith, Tres Trash Temperilli, Sara Jane) roaming the city with automatic weapons made to look like video ray guns, who proceed to steal their car. After hitching a ride with Handjob and his girls, Zero and Zoe finally locate the party, wandering through the wild crowd like its a hallucinogenic version of Disneylands "Its a Small World" ride. But Dark is having no fun at all. Mel has just rejected both him and Lucifer to go off with Surf and Ski (Keith and Derek Brewer), a pair of blond-and-bronzed identical twins. Cowboy leaves the party and phones Bart's parents only to find out from the frantic, non-English speaking couple about finding their son with his head inside their gas oven. Also, Ducky gets a call on his cell phone from his father (David Leisure) who informs him about his sister Egg's terrible fate. Crazed with grief, Ducky leaps into the swimming pool and nearly drowns. But Ducky is saved by Dark and Dingbat who dive in after him. Going into the house to fetch a towel, Dark experiences yet another unsettling Alien sighting. Dark also walks into the kitchen to witness Elvis turning his murderous rage on Handjob by beating him to death with a tin can over him selling him and Allysa phony drugs. His day having reached its final low point, with Bart, Egg and Handjob dead, Elvis apparently on his way to jail, Montgomery and three girls kidnaped by an extraterrestrial, Ducky trying to drown himself, and Mel having abandoned him for good, Dark is left alone with nowhere to go... but home to bed for the night, where he encounters one final surprise: the reappearance of Montgomery who climes through his bedroom window. Montgomery tells Dark that he was abducted by aliens along with some other people who performed experiments on them. He asks Dark to lie in his bed with him for a while to sort out his thoughts. Dark asks Montgomery to never leave him, when suddenly Montgomery starts going into convulsions and his body explodes, splattering blood and body organs all over Dark's bedroom, revealing a huge, terrifying looking, beatle-like creature inside him. "I'm outta here," says the creature in Montgomery's voice, who crawls out the window. A blood splattered Dark sits on his bed too stunned to speak... and then screams.
tt0090094
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
Two miners (Peter Hock and Harry Bellaver) find a yogurt- and ice-cream-like substance that appears from inside the Earth's core in a kind of eruption. They taste it to see whether it's edible, and they like it a lot. They love the way that it tastes so much that they decide to mass-produce it and start selling it. From now on, it's known as the Stuff, the latest taste sensation. Jason's mother (Colette Blonigan) buys the product--suddenly it's everywhere, on commercials, billboards, at the supermarket. The Stuff is usually kept in the fridge, but Jason (Scott Bloom) doesn't like this new product at all, especially because he saw it move all by itself inside his refrigerator. However, his parents don't listen to him. Soon, there is only Stuff in the household fridge, so that Jason feels more and more hungry and isolated. Jason's family was not a really good family before--at least toward Jason--but now they only talk, eat, and think Stuff. Finally Jason is contacted by industrial-espionage expert David "Mo" Rutherford (Michael Moriarty). They recognize each other as people who have not tasted the Stuff. They go to the main factory to try to stop them from producing the deadly dessert. People become slaves of the Stuff, preferring that substance instead of food. Mo and Jason, and Nicole (Andrea Marcovicci), the designer of the strange substance's advertising campaign, start being attacked by people who have become addicted to the Stuff. Finally, they reach the factory. Mo and Nicole are given a tour around the factory, and the foreman tells them that they have a room paid for at the nearest motel. Meanwhile, Jason sneaks around the plant, and he becomes trapped inside one of the distribution trucks. The most famous scene happens now when at a cheap motel: Stuff starts appearing from David and Nicole's mattress. First, it tries to suffocate David, but Nicole burns it. They run away, but a man obedient to the Stuff is the one who gets killed. Stuff overfloods the whole motel. Meanwhile, the truck in which Jason is in starts moving, followed by David and Nicole. Jason tumbles all around inside it. The truck reaches its destination. Nicole and David see a stream of Stuff flooding from the core of the Earth, being put inside distribution trucks without any filtering. David attaches some mini recording cameras to his ankles and then uses the yellow overalls of the Stuff workers. The Stuff creates weird milky structures and is possibly sentient. Stuff is being poured into the truck in which Jason is trapped. David hears Jason talking though the truck, so he can free him. Meanwhile, Nicole is attacked by one of the workers while she is traveling to the meeting point with David, who saves her. Then, David comes back to take Jason from the truck. A police officer stops the truck that David is driving because the back door was open. David mentions that it's a pity that so much Stuff is getting wasted. Jason and Nicole pretend to eat it until the police officer also goes to eat some and David can knock him down. They reach a fortress, and a rightist militia helps them to take on the factory, lead by Colonel Malcolm Grommett Spears (Paul Sorvino). They kill many factory workers but the Stuff overflows once again. Nicole and Jason run in the last second. The Stuff wrecks the factory. They want to broadcast from Atlanta so that everybody knows what the Stuff can do. 'Chocolate Chip' Charlie W. Hobbs (Garrett Morris) is a cookie mogul who will help them because sales of the Stuff made him file for bankruptcy. However, when he arrives at the colonel's radio station, it turns out that he is addicted to Stuff. He takes Nicole aside and opens his mouth and Stuff starts pouring out. Somehow, people believe what the Colonel says and they start turning against the Stuff. They burn it and vandalize places that sell it. The unscrupulous owners of the Stuff want to re-market it by calling it the Taste, a blend of yogurt and ice cream, with enough Stuff on it to turn consumers into addicts. David calls Jason, and he enters the room. Jason takes glasses and glasses of Stuff and they force the company owners to eat it. The police arrive while the two owners eat and eat. They are already hooked on it and can't stop. David and Jason leave. Meanwhile, some criminals are buying loads and loads of their drug of choice, Stuff, implying that the Stuff is here to stay.
tt0096119
Comedy,Horror
A young teenage girl named Maria Nacastro (Kashina Kessler) is packing, then heading off to camp. As she walks across the street, she is chased into an alleyway and run over by a garbage truck driven by serial killer Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen), who has the same hair and clothes as Maria. After killing Maria, Angela disposes of her body and the girl's belongings with the garbage truck's trash compactor, before boarding a bus headed to Camp New Horizon, a camp where several youths from both upper and lower class areas are to live and work together in "an experiment in sharing." Arriving at the camp, Angela and her companions meet camp owners Lilly (Sandra Dorsey) and Herman Miranda (Michael J. Pollard) and news reporter Tawny Richards (Randi Lane), who interviews the campers one by one, asking their names and where they are from, with Angela assuming Maria's identity. After Tawny does her interviews, she mentions that Camp New Horizon was once Camp Rolling Hills, where Angela Baker had gone on a massacre the previous year, greatly upsetting Lilly. Before she leaves, Tawny asks Angela if she can get her some cocaine, which Angela agrees to do. She sneaks into a storage closet in the main cabin and takes some cleaning chemicals, which she gives to Tawny, who dies upon snorting them some distance away. Once the campers are all settled, Lilly and Herman reveal they will be split up into three groups and will be camping in the woods for several days, and proceed to introduce the third camp counselor, Officer Barney Whitmore (Cliff Brand). Angela realizes he is the father of Sean, one of her victims from the old camp in the previous movie. After a fight is broken up between Riff (Daryl Wilcher) and Tony DeRaro (Mark Oliver) by Barney, the campers are put into their groups, with Angela being sent out with Herman, Peter Doyle (Jarret Beal), Jan Hernandez (Stacey Lambert) and Snowboy (Kyle Holman). While fishing on the lake, Angela grows irritated by Peter constantly setting off firecrackers and returns to Herman's campsite, where she finds the counselor and Jan in the middle of having sex. As Herman attempts to explain the situation, Angela beats him with a log before impaling him through the mouth with and bashing Jan's head in. Having hidden the bodies of the two, she claims they took off when Peter and Snowboy return. During the night, Angela kills Peter by blowing his face off with one of his own firecrackers and beats Snowboy almost-unconsciousness with a log before burning him alive, disposing the rest of the bodies in the fire as well. She then roasts marshmallows over the fire. The next morning, Angela travels to Lilly's camp, telling her that Herman told her to switch into this camp. As she escorts Arab (Jill Terashita), who she claims she was told to be exchanged with to Herman's camp, Angela decapitates her with an axe. During a trust exercise organized by Lilly, Angela kills Cindy Hammersmith (Kim Wall) by raising her up a flagpole and dropping her from the extreme height, having grown tired of the girl's whiny and bigoted behavior. Angela explains away Cindy's absence by saying she had fallen ill and returned to Camp New Horizon. During another trust game, Angela is tied to Bobby Stark (Haynes Brooke), who she tells to meet her at the main cabin later on, claiming she will take care of Lilly. Upon returning to the camp, Angela convinces Lilly to go to the main camp, where she knocks the woman into a hole filled with garbage and buries her up to her neck. She kills her by running over her head with a lawnmower. Later that night, Angela kills Bobby outside Camp New Horizon by tying him to a tree and tearing his arms off with the Mirandas' jeep, the keys of which she had earlier taken. After killing Riff by pinning him to the ground with tent spikes, Angela heads off to the remaining camp. In Barney's camp, Angela once again claims that Herman told her to switch with another camper, in this case Marcia Holland (Tracy Griffith). Angela's plan is getting complicated. Barney insists on escorting the two to Herman's camp, prompting Angela to fake a leg injury. Taking Angela to the main camp to treat her wound, Barney correctly surmises that she lied about having to exchange with another camper. As Angela tells them about how she hated being with Herman and Lilly, due to the formers pervertedness and the latter's laziness, she tells Marcia and Barney that Lilly is just outside. Upon finding Lilly's decapitated body propped up in a chair, Angela reveals the situation to Barney. After Marcia is told by Angela how much she reminds her of her old friend Molly Nagle, Marcia flees, while Barney confronts Angela, who reveals her true identity to him before shooting him with Riff's stolen gun. With Barney dead, Angela chases and captures Marcia using the Mirandas' jeep. That night, Angela meets Tony, Greg Nakyshima (Chung Yen Tsay) and Anita Burcham (Sonya Maddox) at Barney's camp, telling them that Barney and Marcia told her to bring them to the main cabin. Upon reaching Camp New Horizon, Angela ties the three campers together under the pretense of playing a trust game, before revealing that she has murdered Barney and that they have two minutes to find Marcia, who is hidden in one of three cabins. After frantically searching the cabins, the group finds Marcia in the third, where Greg and Anita are killed when they spring a trap set by Angela. Congratulating Tony on finding Marcia, Angela prepares to leave, wishing them well and telling them that there is a payphone three miles away that they can use to call for help. As she enters the Mirandas' jeep to drive away, Angela is attacked by an axe-wielding Marcia. As the two women fight, Marcia gains the upperhand, repeatedly stabbing Angela in the stomach with a knife until she is stopped by Tony. As Marcia and Tony go off to seek aid, Angela lies severely wounded, exclaiming "You try to do something nice for someone... and look what happens." Later, while Angela is loaded into an ambulance, Tony, while waiting in a police car with Marcia, reveals his plan to move to Ohio to be with her, only for Marcia to tell him she already has a boyfriend, much to Tony's disgust. In the ambulance, an attending paramedic and police officer discover Angela is still alive and contemplate killing her for all she has done. Before the paramedic and officer can act on their plan, Angela awakens and stabs them to death with a syringe before collapsing again. When the ambulance driver asks what is going on, Angela weakly replies "Just taking care of business."
tt0093516
Comedy,Fantasy,Romance
Having just graduated from high school, nerdy Rudy Gerner (Patrick Dempsey) lusts after beautiful girls, but is still a virgin. Rudy has arranged a summer job working for his old friend, Tripper Harrison, but when he arrives at the lake, Rudy learns Tripper has sold the restaurant and moved away. The new owner, "Mean Gene," (George Buza) hires Rudy as a dock janitor and gas station attendant. Rudy is smitten by Gene's wife, whom the locals call "The Love Goddess," (Shannon Tweed) but Gene warns him not to look at her. Meanwhile, Roxanne "Roxy" Du Jour (Sally Kellerman), a star of pornographic films, dies on the set of her latest movie, 'Eat Me Too'. When Roxy gets to heaven, which is set up like a movie studio, Saint Peter (Charles Durning) tells her she is not on the list and gives her one final chance to redeem her life by returning to earth to help Rudy. Roxy returns to Earth and now possesses magical powers, but only Rudy can see or hear her. She takes him shopping for clothes, gets him contact lenses and a new haircut, and takes him to Mean Gene's bar to find a woman. Before going in, Roxy advises him that women sometimes say "no" when they are actually interested. When a bar patron starts a fight with Rudy, Roxy uses magic to knock the man out and make it look like Rudy beat him up. The crowd is impressed, and with new confidence, Rudy asks a woman to dance. She declines at first, but agrees when Rudy presses her. They go for a lakeside walk, and as they start making out. Rudy confesses he has never gotten this far with a girl before. She pushes him away, indicating he is moving too quickly. With Rudy's new look, more women notice and flirt with him. Men notice too, and start fights, but Roxy intervenes with her magic. Mean Gene invites Rudy to ride in his speedboat, but stops in the middle of the lake and makes Rudy swim back to shore. One night, when Rudy is making out with a girl in the back seat of a Volkswagen, she tells him she is a virgin. Roxy suddenly freezes time, informs Rudy that a girl's first sexual experience is very important, and urges him not to proceed unless he is serious about her. Although Rudy does not care about the girl, he continues seducing her, so Roxy releases the car's parking break, letting the vehicle roll into the lake. Sometime later, after a wet tee-shirt contest at Mean Gene's bar, Rudy begins making out with one of the contestants. Roxy freezes time, explains to Rudy that her job is done, wishes him well, and returns to Heaven. However, as the girl unzips Rudy's pants, she discovers a roll of salami stuffed inside. Running away, she tells her friends, and everyone teases Rudy. Since he has not yet lost his virginity, Roxy is sent back to Earth to finish the job. When Mean Gene goes out of town for a few days to ride with his biker friends, many of the customers take bets on who can bed his wife, "The Love Goddess." Roxy assists Rudy by stopping time to thwart his competitors, and when he finally gets "The Love Goddess" alone, he learns that she is Gene's sister, not his wife. She and Rudy make noise for the crowd gathered outside her bedroom, and when Rudy goes to the window with a look of triumph, the crowd cheers. Hearing the news, Mean Gene rushes home and looks for Rudy, but learns from his sister that the big sex scene was a joke. Rudy runs into Wendy, a friend from school, and invites her to go on a walk around the lake. She says no and Rudy walks off, but Roxy's voice reminds him that "no means yes." Rudy asks Wendy again, and she accepts. Realizing the couple will soon make love, Roxy returns to Heaven.
tt0080474
Crime,Drama
Newly appointed Arkansas State Wakefield Prison warden Henry Brubaker (Robert Redford) poses as a prisoner and arrives at the penitentiary with other incoming convicts by bus. Brubaker is processed along with the rest of the new inmates. The convicts find there are not enough beds to go around, the food is barely edible, the showers do not work, rapes in the barracks are an everyday occurrence, and inmates are whipped for no reason. At the infirmary, inmates give blood in exchange for money and they pay the cooks for better sandwiches. Brubaker finds a maggot crawling in his food. Later, inmate Larry Lee Bullen (David Keith) is told he has a phone call, but he is taken away and beaten. On sanitation detail, the hurt Bullen and Brubaker clean a foul-smelling stable outside Death Row until another inmate, named Walter (Morgan Freeman), takes Bullen hostage and threatens to kill him unless he speaks to the warden. Brubaker calms the agitated Walter, and reveals that he is the new warden. At first, Walter doesn't believe him, but then he lists his demands, including yellow-painted walls, a picture window, a shag rug, some liquor and a television like the one for the trusties, the corrupt convict-guards that rule the prison. When Walter shows Brubaker where to put the window, Brubaker locks him back in his cell. Trusty Dickie Coombes (Yaphet Kotto) escorts Brubaker to Warden Renfro's (Lee Richardson) office, where Brubaker informs the startled Renfro that he is out of a job. As Brubaker addresses the prison, conveying the new rules, governors assistant, Lillian Gray (Jane Alexander), the Prison Board Chairman John Deach (Murray Hamilton), and a police officer arrive to swear him in. Deach tells Brubaker that he wants to be kept informed about the prison at all times, while Lillian warns the new warden to proceed with caution. Sometime later, Brubaker watches Death Row prisoners adjust to the sunlight when they are let out of their cells, and gives an order for the men to receive fresh air once a day. Not long after, Brubaker learns that a barracks roof has caved in from the rain and rescues the wounded men, but he has trouble getting ambulances to come to the prison. At the infirmary, he discovers that the doctor charges inmates for medical services; although the doctor insists that it has been done for years, Brubaker immediately fires him. In the kitchens, Brubaker tells a trusty in charge that three hundred cases of chili were delivered to the prison to feed fifty trusties. He calculates that the shipment averages about twenty cans a day for each trusty, although other inmates dont have enough to eat. Meanwhile, when lumberyard owner C. P. 'Woody' Woodward (M. Emmet Walsh) visits Brubaker, the warden asks him to rebuild the barracks roof his company once built at no cost, but Woody refuses. Brubaker replies that the prison will no longer supply free labor to Woody's company. As Woody leaves, he warns Brubaker that he will pay a price for his unwillingness to cooperate with the surrounding community. Later, Brubaker reports to Lillian that prison labor is responsible for construction projects in town, and food meant for the inmates has been given to the police department. Soon, the meals improve. Brubaker discovers a cabin inhabited by Huey Rauch (Tim McIntire), a trusty, and his waitress girlfriend on the prison grounds, surrounded by storage sheds stocked with food stolen from the prison kitchens. After firing bureaucrat Willets (Ronald C. Frazier) for allowing the theft, Brubaker sets up an inmate council, headed by three trusties, Dickie, Eddie Caldwell (Everett McGill) and Floyd Birdwell (Joe Spinell) to handle the purchase orders. When Brubaker meets Lillian for drinks and reminds her that the prison needs a real doctor, she asks him to attend a Prison Board meeting to hear a guest warden speak about prison reform. Meanwhile, the trusties become angrier as Brubaker removes their perks. During an inmate council meeting, an inmate named Abraham (Richard Ward) interrupts the meeting to tell Brubaker that he knows where murdered inmates are buried, but later, the trusties Caldwell and Birdwell torture Abraham. At the board meeting, it becomes clear to Brubaker that everyone is making money from the prison and the board members are not interested in bettering the lives of murderers and rapists. As Brubaker walks out of the meeting, Lillian threatens that he will be out of a job if he does not play politics with the board. In the morning, Brubaker sees Abraham's dead body hanging from a flagpole and Dickie warns him that his reforms are resulting in more killings. Although Abraham never had a chance to reveal where to find the graves, Brubaker orders inmates to dig for bodies while the trusties watch. Later, Brubaker meets with Lillian and Prison Board member Senator Hite (John McMartin), who offers to fix the prison boiler and build new barracks if Brubaker stops looking for bodies. When Brubaker reflects that he is being asked to cover up multiple murders, Hite warns that Brubaker could end up in prison for grave robbing. Lillian advises Brubaker to concentrate on the inmates that are alive, but the warden insists that justice will not be served unless the bodies are found. After much digging, coffins are unearthed. Soon, Rauch loses his influence over the other trusties and leaves. When Brubaker learns that Rauch killed Abraham, he forms a posse and searches for him in town. Rauch shoots Bullen dead and Brubaker returns fire, wounding Rauch. At a Prison Board hearing, outside doctors claim that the remains found on the Wakefield Prison grounds make it hard to determine the exact causes of the deaths. When Brubaker is asked his opinion, he tells the board that the state would save money if it shot convicts after their trials instead of incarcerating them at Wakefield. Lillian follows Brubaker out the door and asks him to compromise, but he argues that the Prison Boards position condones murder, and he cannot go along with it. Lillian claims that she is on Brubakers side but he disagrees. When the new warden, Rory Poke, arrives to replace Brubaker and addresses the prison, Dickie tells the former warden that he was right about prison reform. As Brubaker leaves Wakefield Prison, Dickie begins clapping which signals to the other inmates to drop formation and clap for Brubaker in a show of respect.
tt1037156
Adventure,Comedy,Crime
Ian Hamilton a lawyer and the protagonist, is very angry at what he sees as the political and economic subjugation of Scotland by England, and sad that Scots are somewhat ashamed to be Scottish (symbolised by the description of Scotland as "North Britain" in much material of the time) so he decides to perform a symbolic act to put heart into the marginalised Scottish nationalist movement. He creates a daring scheme with a friend to liberate the Stone of Scone (a.k.a. the Stone of Scone) back from Westminister Abbey in London, where it had resided for centuries following English military victories over the Scots in the Middle Ages. They both research the Abbey and create their scheme, but once his friend realized that Ian was actually serious about liberating the stone, he backed out. So Ian decided he would liberate the stone by himself, but before he left, he went to see the head of the university (a prominent campaigner for Scottish Nationalism, played by Robert Carlyle) to ask for funds for basic necessities. He provided, and later, at a party, referred Ian to Kay Matheson, a girl with strong Nationalist ideas, would help him retrieve the stone. After a variety of rather comic mischances, the group retrieve the stone from Westminster Abbey and return it to Scotland. After repairing damage, they return it to the authorities (having achieved their political aims) and are arrested and charged, but not prosecuted, on charges relating to the case. The final narration on screen points out that though the Stone is now in Scotland, it is only 'on loan' and will return to Westminster for the next Coronation of a British monarch. [D-Man2010]
tt0081698
Comedy
The New Deal Used Car lot in Arizona is in danger of being taken over by the Roy L Fuchs car dealership across the roadway where they do business. Both dealerships are run by twin brothers, Roy L Fuchs and Luke Fuchs (both played by Jack Warden). However, Roy L's dealership is easily the more lucrative than his brother's, which deals in often junked used cars. One of New Deal's most prominent salesmen is Ruddy Russo (Kurt Russell), a young man who never shies away from making a deal, and also is planning to run for a seat on the State Senate. Along with Ruddy, there's Jeff (Garrit Graham), a superstitious fellow, and Jim (Frank McRae), the mechanic who is easily excitable. Recently, Luke has been having problems with his heart, much to the delight of his other brother. Roy L sends one of his mechanics over to the lot under the guise of an 'interested party,' and gets Luke to give him a test drive. However, Roy L's mechanic takes Luke on a wild ride during which Luke has a heart attack and dies. Ruddy, Jeff, and Jim try to cover this up by burying Luke in an old Edsel in a service pit out back. When Roy L and his lawyer Sam (Joe Flaherty) show up looking for Luke, Rudy explains that Luke drove to Florida in the Edsel. Roy L believes that Ruddy is lying, but Sam explains that there's no way to disprove this claim. Ruddy goes through with the first of several advertising stunts. Taking his camera crew out to a packed football stadium, they intend to hijack the signal for the football game to tell of their car lot. Things don't go as planned, when Jeff begins cursing on camera that the car he's standing by is red (he's superstitious about the color), and the woman they hired for the commercial ends up getting her dress ripped off on public television. The technique works, as the stunt makes newspaper headlines, and brings all sorts of people out to see the New Deal car lot. Roy L counters this with a little stunt of his own, but in the war to win customers, Rudy does one better, and steals away Luke's customers, by setting up a gaggle of strippers to entice vehicle buyers from Roy's lot. Roy counters this with purchasing airtime to decry New Deal's business tactics. It is then that Rudy plans to really up the stakes, and wants to try and interrupt the broadcast for the President's State of the Union address. Matters are further complicated when a woman shows up claiming to be Luke's daughter, Barbara Jane Fuchs (Deborah Harmon). Rudy attempts to get rid of her, but finds that he slowly is growing to like her. Rudy eventually distracts her during the night of the broadcast, by taking her to dinner, and then to his place. Jeff and Jim do the commercial, with Jeff hopped up on drugs as a cowboy named 'Martial Lucky,' who shoots out and blows up several of Roy L Fuch's vehicles for the commercial. After the broadcast, Roy L drives immediately to the New Deal lot and angrily picks a fight with Jeff for destroying his cars. As they fight, Roy L notices a picture of the service pit in an old picture, and remembers how Rudy and the others were filling it in. Roy L rushes out back, and after digging down a ways, finds the roof of his brother's old Edsel. Shortly after this, Jim contacts Rudy to come to the lot right away. Rudy does not explain to Barbara why he has to go, leaving her curious. In the morning, the police arrive at the lot along with Roy L and his lawyer. Rudy makes up the lie that Luke came back the night before, and went to get some breakfast. During the night, Rudy, Jeff and Jim exhumed the Edsel, and have moved it out of the pit area. Jim has poured gasoline on the vehicle, and sends it off with the accelerator on. As everyone's attention is drawn to the car, they watch as it speeds out of control towards a power transformers, that erupts in a fireball, destroying Luke's body. Roy turns to Rudy, and assumes that since Luke is dead, the lot is now his. However, Rudy explains how Luke's daughter returned, and she's staying with him. It is just then that Barbara shows up after listening to a message on Rudy's answering machine and finding out about Luke's death. Barbara fires Rudy, Jeff and Jim. Barbara then assumes control of her father's lot, but knows very little about advertising. Roy L gains access to the script for her commercial, and hires a man to doctor up her commercial. In place of her saying 'style of cars,' the word 'mile' is substituted for 'style,' making it as though Barbara has committed a case of false advertising. Rudy meanwhile, is still short the money he needs to run for the senate seat. However, during a football game, Jeff's superstitious nature causes Rudy to win a bet he made on the night's football game, and the next day, he meets with the party chairmen, named Tucker (Dub Taylor). However, on their way to their destination, the car passes by the New Deal lot, which has been closed by court order. Tucker explains that a 'concerned citizen' reported the lot after the commercial mentioned a 'mile of cars,' and that the trial is scheduled for the same day. Rudy immediately grabs back his money, and bolts from the car, heading towards the courthouse. Rudy makes it in time for the trial to start. As Barbara is questioned if she does indeed have a mile of cars on her lot, Rudy mimes in the back of the room to lie and say 'yes.' Barbara does so, to which Roy's attorney claims he can prove she is lying. Rudy mawkishly yells from the back of the room, "Why don't you see for yourself, Judge?" This buys Barbara some time, as the Judge decides to come by the car lot the next day. After the trial, Rudy uses all his campaign funds to purchase over 250 cars from a person he knows. Using the town's driver's education class, he sets out with all 250 cars headed towards the lot. Rudy has the drivers ramp their vehicles up to 70 mph, but hits a snag when a cop ends up hitting one of the vehicles, leaving them without a 'safety margin' for error. After the incident, Rudy sends Jim up ahead to scout for any other possible issues. Jim eventually finds a police roadblock, and Rudy has his drivers take their vehicles off road. Meanwhile, Roy L has heard of the cars, and drives out to try and intercept Rudy. A fight breaks out between the two, leading to Rudy winning, and the cars continuing to the lot. Eventually, they arrive, and fill the lot to capacity, just as the Judge arrives. It soon becomes apparent that Jim has not arrived. Rudy radios Jeff, who is sitting along the side of a road. Jeff explains that some water washed off the blue paint on his car...revealing it as a red Fire Chief's car...and per Jeff's stigma, he can't drive a red car! Rudy attempts to convince Jeff that there is actually 'gray primer' underneath the red paint, and tells him that he is the key to helping them keep the lot. Jeff manages to overcome his fear, and makes it to the lot just in time to help save the lot. Roy L curses out the judge, who then decides to see Roy in court for his outburst. The film then ends with Barbara, Rudy, Jim and Jeff presiding over their saved car lot.
tt0765451
Adventure,Drama,War
Fragments of past and present create a haunting kaleidoscope of words and emotions. Lyrical and complex, Jeremy Podeswa's adaptation of Anne Michael's beloved novel builds into a breathtaking mosaic as fragments of the past and present reveal the inner depths of a writer who can't let go of the ghosts that haunt him. Athos is directing an archaological dig in Nazi-occupied Poland when he discovers a little boy hiding. After witnessing the massacre of members of his family, seven-year-old Jakob does not know the fate of his beloved sister Bella - a mystery that will haunt him for the rest of his life. As Jakob grows into a man, he becomes progressively more consumed by his family's tragedy and his longing for Bella, coloring his relationships. A truly moving and unforgettable story.
tt0497323
Crime,Horror,Thriller
A haunted New York City detective must delve into his dark past in order to stop a serial killer whose highly artistic modus operandi seems uncannily similar to that of a madman who stalked the city streets five years prior. When reclusive detective Stan Aubray (Willem Dafoe) gunned down the man suspected of being the "Uncle Eddie" murderer, he thought his nightmare had come to an end. But now a new crop of victims has begun to turn up, each bearing the distinctive mark of the maniac whom everyone had presumed to be dead. Much like the unfortunate victims of "Uncle Eddie," the bodies in this latest batch have been carefully arranged in a manner that reflects the artistic style known as anamorphosis -- where hidden meanings can be revealed by viewing the crime scenes from different perspectives. Could this be the work of a copycat killer, or is it possible that Detective Aubray and his men killed the wrong man on that fateful day five years ago? All signs indicate that the latest killings were carried out with Detective Aubray specifically in mind, prompting him to reexamine the painful questions that he had struggled all these years to suppress. On one side, Detective Aubray faces the scrutiny of a bright young detective (Scott Speedman) who has his own unique ideas about the killings, and on the other, a disturbed young woman (Clea Duvall) who proves a dangerous link to Detective Aubray's mystery-shrouded past. Only by confronting the possibility that he fears most will Detective Aubray finally be able to overcome his own stifling sense of guilt and finally uncover the truth about the most gruesome crimes ever committed in New York City.
tt0460812
Comedy,Drama,Romance
This is a story about living! The chemistry of the stars is fantastic, the music throughout the film is fantastic. Two people who fulfill each other's dreams in ways that most couples never experience. Total honesty, is part of living life fully. This couple shows you how to create a a life worth living.
tt1074191
Crime,Drama,Mystery
The happily married mother of a 6 year old boy, regains consciousness after a bad car accident and finds herself being held captive in a remote waterfront warehouse by a mysterious masked killer whose shocking revelations are about to turn her formerly safe and orderly existence upside down... Melissa George stars in writer-director Amanda Gusack's white-knuckle, high-stakes crime thriller. After a near-fatal car accident. Jamie Taylor (George) wakes up to find herself imprisoned in an abandoned warehouse. The nightmare worsens when she learns from her mysterious masked captor (Oded Fehr) that her husband (Christian Campbell) has stolen $40 million from a crime syndicate. Forced to listen to recordings of her family's private conversations, Jamie must find clues about the location of the stolen money - of her six-year-old son will be killed. Her mind racing, and with the timing running out, Jamie fights to unravel the mystery and save her son. [D-Man2010]
tt0988043
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
A disclaimer in the opening shot reads: "In February 2007, ten people went to the remote mountains of Northern California to shoot an adult movie. What happened next was something no one expected, but everyone saw coming." On a snow-covered mountain, a bus, truck, and a few cars arrive at a remote camp area to film a porn film. The group makes up of professional porn actors Ron Jeremy and Veronica Hart (more or less playing themselves), novice porn stars Rock (John Edward Lee), Angel (Carmen Hart), Wanda (Jenny Guy), Lance (Bart Fletcher), as well as the director and producer Jim (Jeff Denton), cameraman T.J. (Caleb Mayo), gaffer-electrician and sound guy Jonah (Jason Graham), and makeup and script girl Laura (Amber Benson). After being dropped off by the school bus driver who leaves them behind, the group settles in their living quarters for the next few days to shoot. While Laura talks with Ron about his past career days, the guys, Lance, Rock and T.J. talk about T.J.'s latest suck-and-squeeze device for carnal pleasure that Jim wants to market, while Angel and Wanda talk about their experiences on the porn sets. Radio reports begin to describe a "strange light" in the sky that has been hovering over the mountains for the last several hours as Jim gets down to directing, starting with the first scene with Ron and Veronica. During a break in filming, Jonah goes outside to get some more lights from the truck while Ron also goes out to relief himself. Suddenly, a strange light hits Ron who then collapses to the ground. Jonah helps him up and they go back inside to finish filming the scene. Ron is acting strangely and begins to exhibit strange behavior as he begins performing in the sex scene with Veronica, who begin screaming in pain as Jim tries to yell "cut" as Ron continues to have rough sex with her. The guys are forced to pull Ron off Veronica as he goes into convulsions and suddenly dies. T.J., Jeff, and Jonah try to help Veronica who begins hemorrhaging and she looses conciseness. They guys look over to help Ron and see that he is dead. But they also notice that Ron's legendary 10-inch penis is gone as well. In Angel's room, she is rehearsing her upcoming scene, when the disembodied penis attacks her. Wanda walks in on this and runs out to inform Rock, Lance and Laura who run in only to find the disembodied member gone and Angel dead, with a large and gory hole in the back of her head. While everyone runs out to tell the others, Laura has an encounter the disembodied dick which attacks her. Holding themselves up in the main cabin, Jonah, Jim, T.J., Lance, Rock, and Wanda try to make sense of what is going on, just when Laura walks in, acting strangely. After the guys carry Ron's dead body outside, they debate on what to do since they are stranded there and no one has any signal for their cell phones. Rock wants to make a run for the cars to try to get off the mountain, but when he runs outside, the disembodied penis appears and shoves itself through him. When Jonah and T.J. run outside in a futile attempt to save him, they are surprised by the appearance of a rugged mountain man, named Montz (Charles Napier) who brings them back inside to the main cabin. Resting, Jonah and T.J. make the assumption that Ron's missing dick is possessed by some kind of alien force and is wants to use it's power to destroy and possibly do worse. Jeff suggests finding a way to kill it while Laura, who continues acting strange, wants to capture it. Lance and Wanda retreat to a nearby bathroom where he tries to calm down the growing hysterical Wanda over this unbelievable turn of events. Just then, the severed penis slithers in through an crack in the bathroom window and attacks them both. Jonah and T.J. come up with a plan to capture the lethal creature by luring it through an open window, using a pair of women's panties borrowed from Laura, to try to trap it with Jeff's suck and squeeze device. Montz volunteers to kill it after he gives them a creepy but hilarious monologue about his encounter with a similar event back in Vietnam in the 1960s where he saw his platoon getting killed by a disembodied penis that came from the body of his commanding officer. T.J. volunteers to help out and has Jonah lock him and Montz in the kitchen to make sure that if they fail that Rock's dick will not be able to get them. But while their backs are turned, the disembodied "one-eyed monster" slithers into the kitchen and strangles Montz to death, while it shoves itself in rapid speed through T.J. killing him. Jim panics and runs into the nearby bathroom only to find a dead and cocooned Lance and Wanda against the wall. Panicking, he runs outside to the nearby barn and tries to start a snow speeder to try to escape. But the severed penis follows him in a super-fast chase down the mountain where it knocks him off his snow speeder and then gruesomely slices him in two from the crotch to the top of the head as it burrows through the snow. Back at the main cabin, the three survivors of Jonah, Laura, and the barely conscious Veronica are beside themselves and wait. Jonah, after being told earlier by Montz about the location of an old radio antenna atop the nearby mountain, suggests they run to a nearby cabin that Montz told them about where they is an underground passageway to the radio shack where they can travel to it and radio for help. With Veronica having regained some of her strength, they make it to the passageway, which is apparently an old mine shaft and walk through the long tunnel and make it to the radio shack where Jonah tries to get the radio to work only the severed dick follows them and lands on Laura. Jonah tries to swing at it with an axe, but the "thing" is much too fast and keeps evading his blows. Veronica then thinks of a way to fight it. She lays down on the floor and offers it to the entity which shoves itself between her legs. Veronica tells Jonah and Laura to run for safety as she will keep it occupied and use her expert thighs to drain it of it's power. Jonah and Laura flee from the radio shack cabin and down the mountain just as Veronica makes the severed dick to climax which it "blows it's load". The penis monster explodes in a massive blast, destroying itself as well as killing Veronica and blows up the radio cabin in a massive blast covering the sky with millions of particles. Jonah and Laura seek shelter in a nearby shack where they huddle for the night. At dawn, Laura hears sounds of rain, but Jonah tells her that the rain is "Ron". The remains of the penis monster is raining down semen on the entire area. At dawn, when the sounds had decapitated, Laura leaves the cabin and a sleeping Jonah where she ventures outside and to a place in the snow where she seems to be distraught over the death of the one-eyed monster. Laura reveals a massive bulge in her abdomen as she is now impregnated by the penis monster which attacked her earlier and will now be the apparent breeding chamber to the one-eye monster's off spring.....
tt0847897
Drama
The feisty aging Hagar Shipley has lived an unconventional life. Her rebellious heart has always ruled and her choices have put her at odds with family and friends. Faced with her own mortality, and desperate to find solace, she goes on the run. But haunting memories of the life she has led, the men she has passionately loved yet destroyed with her unrelenting pride, and the sons she has estranged catch up to Hagar on this momentous journey. In both the past and the present, she is forced to come to terms with the pain and pleasure, the disappointments and the exhilarations of her life. Based on the best selling novel by Margaret Laurence.
tt0943326
Horror,Thriller
A young woman travels to a town where hunting is a very common sport and works as a dancer. But after accepting a ride from a stranger, she awakes naked in the woods, and the hunt is on. The young woman has a series of difficulties which lead to her constantly having a lack of choices. She has no money, and seems to be lied to as a standard course. The dancing job lacks the class she suspected, and is really in a seedy club with seedy people where she is expected to dance at least semi naked. She wants to get away, but has no choices. She tries to find someone, anyone to send her money to get out of this town, but no possibilities there. New people in this odd town are suspicious and new friends that seem to be good or ethical are very hard to make. This all adds to her being quite alone and having no one to turn to. All of that also makes her very vulnerable to a killer looking for vulnerable women.
tt0445953
Drama
David is an edgy 52 year old divorced white South African professor teaching the romantic poets when he befriends a student and they begin an affair. She is uneasy about the relationship and there is clearly an imbalance of power. David is disciplined by the university and is forced to resign. He is unrepentant about fulfilling his desires. David heads off to visit his adult lesbian daughter, Lucy, who is farming in the bush. He finds her living alone, but in a business partnership with Petrus a black farmer, who has settled adjoining land. While staying with Lucy, David helps out at the voluntary animal clinic, mostly helping destroy unwanted dogs. He becomes involved with Lucy's friend who runs the clinic. When Petrus is away, they are attacked by three youths. Lucy is raped and they are robbed. David suspects that Petrus is involved and soon it is revealed that one of the attackers is related to Petrus' wife. David urges Lucy to prosecute her attacker, but Lucy wants to make peace with her community and wants the protection of Petrus and his family. She has become pregnant as a result of the rape and chooses to have the child. David gains insight into his abuse of power and visits the family of the student with whom he had the affair. He seeks their forgiveness. Lucy makes an arrangement with Petrus and she becomes his tenant in return for his alliance and protection. David moves into the township and continues his work with the animal clinic. He accepts Lucy's compromise. David Lurie (John Malkovich), twice-divorced and dissatisfied with his job as an English professor in post-apartheid South Africa, finds his life falling apart. When he seduces one of his students, Melanie (Antoinette Engel) and does nothing to protect himself from the consequences, he is dismissed from his teaching position, and goes to live with his lesbian daughter Lucy (Jessica Haines), who shares a farm in the Eastern Cape with trusted black worker Petrus (Eric Ebouaney). For a time, his daughter's influence and natural rhythms of the farm promise to harmonise his discordant life. But the balance of power in the country is shifting. In the aftermath of a vicious attack by three black youths, he is forced to come to terms with the changes in society - as well as his disgrace. [D-Man2010]
tt0490579
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Mandy Moore (A Walk To Remember) and Billy Crudup (Almost Famous) star in this uplifting romantic comedy about life and love in the big city. Crudup is Henry Roth, a successful children's writer more comfortable with fiction than real people. When his only friend and collaborator (Oscar nominee Tom Wilkinson) passes away, Henry must team with Lucy (Moore) - a beautiful but sassy illustrator who drives him crazy before eventually melting his gruff heart. Featuring Oscar winner Dianne Wiest and Bob Balaban in hilarious supporting roles. [D-Man2010] Dedication is a modern love story in which a misanthropic, emotionally complex childrens book author named Henry is forced to team up with a beautiful illustrator after his best friend and creative collaborator passes away. As Henry struggles with letting go of the ghosts of love and life, he discovers that sometimes you have to take a gamble at life to find love. [D-Man2010]
tt0331952
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
Wayne Hayes (Robert Redford), and his wife Eileen (Helen Mirren) are living the American dream, having raised two children and built up a successful business from scratch. He is looking forward to a peaceful retirement with Eileen. However, everything changes when Wayne is kidnapped in broad daylight by a former employee, Arnold Mack (Willem Dafoe). While Wayne tries negotiating with the kidnapper for his life, and Eileen tries to secure her husband's release, she finds herself being investigated by the FBI. The kidnapping causes Wayne and Eileen to reevaluate their relationship, after Eileen discovers that Wayne has continued an extramarital affair that he promised to end months previously. Eileen begins to wonder whether she should pay the ransom, as it increasingly appears unlikely that Wayne will be safely released. However, Eileen's efforts to secure Wayne's release turn out to have been in vain, as Wayne was murdered by Arnold early in the kidnapping. Eileen's ordeal takes place over the course of a week, while Wayne is only held for a day before he is killed. The time discrepancy is only revealed towards the end of the movie, and until then it seems that Wayne and Eileen's experiences are occurring simultaneously.
tt0453533
Horror,Thriller
Med student Alison Blanchard (Corri English), while taking a Gross Anatomy class, is assigned to dissect the body of a prostitute. She and her lab partners, Brian Cross (Scott Davis), Carlos Aclar (Joshua Alba), and Rick O'Connor (Jay Jablonski), start having feelings that something is wrong about this body. Disregarded by her professor and therapist as just having the "jitters," Alison is unable to let go of the sense that something is wrong. She starts to research where the body came from and what happened to this "prostitute." People who touched the body start mysteriously dying so the race is on for Alison and her new love, Brian, to put this body to rest. They find out the body was actually an archeologist who uncovered the bodies of 50,000 people in Brazil. The bodies had been sacrificed to the Aztec God of fertility, sex, and birth. The archeologist, possessed, became a prostitute and started murdering men to "rid them of their filth" before killing herself. Alison and Brian have to put her spirit and the spirits of those sacrificed to rest to free the med school of the rage unleashed at the desecration of her body.
tt0422861
Comedy,Drama,Romance
A woman gets a belated introduction to the joy of sex in this comedy. Priscilla (Parker Posey) is a thirtysomething public-relations agent with the unenviable job of trying to lure new businesses to Cleveland, OH. Priscilla is married to Jack (Paul Rudd), a high-school teacher who is reaching the end of his patience with his career. Things aren't going especially well at home for Priscilla and Jack -- she seems unable to have an orgasm, and while Priscilla insists she's perfectly happy with their sex life, Jack is driven to distraction by his inability to arouse his wife. When Kristen (Mischa Barton), one of Jack's students, begins displaying an extra-curricular interest in him, he throws caution to the wind and begins an affair with her, and has soon moved out of the house. Left on her own, Priscilla finally begins feeling sexual frustration, and turns to Alyssa (Liza Minnelli), an outspoken sex therapist who advises her to learn how to pleasure herself. Alyssa's advice proved to be right on the money, and soon Priscilla is a changed women who is looking for a new man in her life. She soon finds one in Wayne (Danny DeVito), a swimming-pool salesman whose sloppy appearance belies his talent in the bedroom. The Oh in Ohio was the first feature film from director Billy Kent, who previously established himself making television commercials.
tt0489327
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The plot concerns Maurice (Peter O'Toole), an elderly actor who finds himself increasingly attracted to his friend Ian's great-niece Jessie (Jodie Whittaker) while simultaneously finding himself in deteriorating health due to prostate cancer. Maurice's friend describes the great-niece as a trouble maker and a nuisance, but Maurice discovers that Jessie warms up to him when he starts interacting with her. He takes her to the National Gallery in London, England to view his favourite painting, the Rokeby Venus, by the Spanish artist Diego Velázquez. Jessie had expressed interest in modelling (Maurice initially mis-hears this as "yodelling") and Maurice arranges for Jessie to model nude for an art class. As a result of Jessie posing for the art class, and inspired by his favourite painting, Maurice decides to give Jessie the nickname "Venus". Maurice and Jessie develop a passive/aggressive relationship over the course of the film. Maurice is forward in terms of his attraction towards Jessie while Jessie occasionally indulges his whims to a limited extent, such as touching her hand and smelling her neck, but also retracts the indulgences when she feels that he has gone too far. The plot of the film revolves around the evolving friendship or relationship between the two characters. For Maurice, this appears to be the last attempt at something approaching a love life, as his prostate operation has left him impotent. For Jessie, it is less clear what she sees in Maurice. During the course of the film we see her do everything from exploiting him (trying to get him to buy her presents, trying to use his flat to have sex with a boy), taking care of him, flirting with him, and rejecting him sexually to engaging with him as a friend. During the course of the film we learn that she has been rejected by her mother and great-uncle for her promiscuous life style; it is implied that she is drawn to Maurice because he does not judge her as harshly as her family members have. The plot comes to a head when Jessie becomes involved with a boy. The two young lovers convince Maurice to take a walk so that they can have sex. Maurice initially obliges the request, but returns to kick them out of his flat. A scuffle ensues and Jessie knocks down Maurice, injuring him. Jessie leaves with the boy and apparently spends the night out partying with him at clubs, later returning to check on Maurice. When the paramedics arrive, Maurice claims he cannot remember who attacked him, much to Jessie's surprise. Then Maurice calls for "Venus" to take care of him. Jessie, remorseful, agrees to look after Maurice. Some time later, after Maurice has at least partly recovered, he takes Jessie to the seaside at Whitstable in Kent. As they sit down by the water Maurice says to Jessie "Now, we can really talk", and dies, leaning on her.
tt0889134
Comedy,Drama
Working as a Television writer for a low-rated sit com called "Those McAllister's", Taylor Peters (Matthew Broderick) has developed a few vices like drinking, drug abuse and compulsive gambling which have previously damaged his career to the extent that he takes sessions with an analyst only so his wife Lorraine (Maura Tierney) can feel he is taking the cure. Adding to this stressful home life is the discovery that their 20-year old niece Amanda (Brittany Snow) has run away from home to Las Vegas to work as a prostitute. Although he writes a good comic scene for his lead actor Ed Begley, Jr., Taylor still has the need to run off to the track to play the horses, his only vice but when his wife discovers it and threatens him with divorce Taylor agrees to go to Amanda and try to get her into a rehab community in Malibu. Taylor goes to Las Vegas and locates Amanda and realizes that even though she is involved in a dangerous profession she has accumulated wealth and retained a relatively refined attitude about life. During his rescue Taylor's drinking and drug addiction returns and his relationship with his wife crumbles but he learns a large lesson about life and bonds with Amanda entreating her to make some positive choice about her own life.
tt0758786
Biography,Crime,Drama
Thomas Bardo (Stephen Rea) has been down on his luck ever since the company he worked for had closed. He has been without a job, his unemployment had run out, and he seems to be lost in the system as he tries finding a new job. He is forced out of his ghetto apartment by a heartless landlord (Wayne Robson), and he takes the small lot of possessions and heads for a public park bench to spend the night. Brandi Boski (Mena Suvari) is an attractive young female, she is a nurses aide at a retirement home who seems to be very caring for the residents there. At night when work is out, Brandi likes to party and the company she keeps is shady to say the least. She scores some ecstasy at a bar one night, and then makes plans to go back to her house and sleep with her drug dealer. As Brandi is on her way home, she is talking on her cell to her boyfriend/drug dealer Rashid (Russell Hornsby). At the same time, a policeman (Wally MacKinnon) rudely awakes Thomas and tells him to head for the shelter across town because its illegal to be in the park after dusk. As Thomas makes his way across town, Brandi, who isn't paying attention to the road, hits Thomas with her car with great force. Thomas is now literally stuck half way through her front windshield, with his legs hanging out of the window on the hood of the car. Brandi is freaked out and confused about what to do. She tries dropping him off at a hospital, but the idea of getting caught scares her off to hide her car with Thomas stuck in her windshield in her garage. When she learns that he is still alive, she promises to get him help. Since she is still high on drugs and alcohol, she instead goes into her house and makes love to her drug dealer, Rashid. She drags Rashid into this whole fiasco the next day, as she figures he has done this sort of thing before, as far as getting rid of bodies. Rashid finds it hard to do the deed, and instead is betsed by Thomas who had hid a bic pen in his sleeve and revealed it at the right time, right through Rashid's eye. Then he took Rashid's gun and shot him. Brandi comes out of her house and sees Thomas escaping and smashes him in the head with a hammer. She drags him into the garage and decides to spill gasoline all over the car, Thomas and Rashid. Thomas somehow bests her, and she burns alive in her own garage.
tt0470679
Drama
At the end of March 2001, the dot-com market went into a downward freefall, but LandShark, an Internet company run by the cocky Tom Sterling (Josh Hartnett), seemed to come through the crash still glistening with the aura of success. In August, however, the company faces serious financial troubles, and everyoneexcept for Tomseems to be coming to terms with that fact. He cruises around town in his money-green convertible, convinced that LandSharks products, which were developed by his brilliant brother, Josh (Adam Scott), are still in high demand and destined to revolutionize the future of business. Tom is right, but the road to the revolution may not look exactly like the one he has in mind.
tt0814130
Comedy,Romance,Sport
Approaching forty, Ferro is unsatisfied with his life as a construction worker and part-time boxing instructor in Los Angeles, CA. After a successful bout with a young pro boxer, Ferro decides to don the gloves one last time. The movie recounts his unlikely quest for Olympic gold. Along the way, Ferro receives encouragement from his friend and co-worker, Oswaldo Sánchez (Oswaldo Castillo), and love interest Lindsay Pratt (Juergensen).
tt0415679
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
The film begins with Nathan's mother finding a voodoo ritual book in the church. Nathan, a school boy, is talking to his friends Diggs and Henry about girls in their year who they like. Nathan had been friends with Jessica for a while and planned to ask her out, but as approaching her she gets into Kenneth's car. In distress, he returns home, drinks alcohol and prepares to hang himself. At the last minute he hesitates and pulls at the noose, only for his mother to walk into his room, knock him off the chair and turn his music down. Turning around, she notices him hanging there, dead. She then uses the voodoo "reanimation" book to bring Nathan back to life. The Priest warns the mother that a book has gone missing from the church, and that if used it can create flesh eating people. On awakening, Nathan seems fine, and seems to be hungry but human. He goes to school, unbeknown to his mother bringing him back to life, or his suicide attempt. Nathan overhears a conversation between Samson, Shane and Kenneth about Jessica, and what a whore she is. Nathan then calls Jessica a slut and says "you're just like all the other girls". Jessica hits him and walks off. Later on at the school disco Cheryl , Samsons girlfriend, takes an interest in Nathan, and so Samson antagonises Nathan. Nathan bites Samson, creating the first of the infected. Nathan wakes up in the morning, and complains that all the food in the fridge is "off". His mother then realises what Nathan has become, and he leaves in search of Samson. He finds a bloody trail at the scene of the biting, and follows it to find a lifeless womans corpse. He runs to the police station, and attempts to tell the police but they laugh and send him away. Meanwhile, Henry and Diggs are waiting for Nathan so they can pick a film from a video store. The decide to go ahead without him, and when reaching the counter see the boy who's meant to be at the counter eating another man. They then scream and run out. Hiding behind some bins, they see more infected chasing a women. They hide, and one comes back, looks around and leaves again. Noticing this is not just a one-insane-person situation, they look up, seeing a dead body hanging over them. They scream and run again. Nathan is realizing that his veins are turning black, as he can see them going up his neck. He returns home, to find his mother has locked him out, saying she will " fix this". He sits in the garage. Henry and Diggs get into their car, see the infected and duck. The infected head towards Jessica's house, and they call her and tell her to hide. They then drive to Nathans house, and Nathan drags them into the garage. They see Nathans face and gasp, noticing that he must be infected as well, though he seems sane, if hungry. Cut-scene of the Priest biting someone... Jessica wards off a few infected, and hides in the barn. Nathan and crew arrive,and Nathan runs into the barn. Meanwhile Cheryl has escape a few infected from a bar and runs through a graveyard, letting an infected Charlotte bite Glenda. She steals a teachers motorcycle and is chased all the way to Jessicas house. Cheryl, Henry and Diggs hide in a closet from the infected.Nathan explains a few things to Jessica, and Cheryl, Henry and Diggs climb out of the closet. Nathans mother goes back to the church to return the book, and gets attacked by the priest. She grabs a snake that was slithering around since the start and lets it bite him. The Priest is returned to normal. Now the mother knows the solution. Jessica cuts up a load of the infected (except for Shane and Samson) with presumably her father's tractor, cutting and ripping them to shreds. They all run back into the barn.The two remaining zombies hands break throw the door and grab Cheryl, Cheryl attempts to escape but the grip is to strong,they bust throw completely and pull Cheryl on the ground, were she is eaten by Shane and Samson, and the others continue to climb up the ladder into the attic. Nathan is on the brink of changing, and his mother drives in, throws the snake at him and gets back in the car. Nathan lunges for the snake, but it falls down and Samson kicks it away. Cheryl, now infected, Shane and Samson hit and smash the car. Nathan jumps down onto Samson as his mother runs away,Nathon rips Samsons head off, but by now Nathan is one of the fully-infected. He climbs back up to Jessica, Henry and Diggs. Jessica sets a bale of hay on fire, and gives it to Nathan,who in a second after being given the bale is bitten by the snake. He throws the bale down onto the two zombies and gets dragged down with it, where a huge flame appears. Jessica, Henry and Diggs walk away. Nathan is hooked by his hood away from the fire, and survives. He gets the abandoned motorcycle and drives after Jessica and his two friends. They catch up, and Nathan says the words he's been dying to say all along : " I have something to say to you..." Jessica and Nathan kiss and its happily ever after.
tt0165854
Crime,Drama,Mystery
Wilson (Terence Stamp) snarls to a black screen "Tell me. Tell me. Tell me about Jenny." cuing the Who's song "The Seeker to play as we get our first look at Wilson, an aged but determined looking man, who makes his way from the airport to a hotel room. He looks at a newspaper clipping about a woman's death and at a California address for an "Ed Roel" written on an envelope. He quickly finds Ed Roel (Luis Guzman) We then see Wilson flashing between a car, an airplane, and his room, thinking about a little girl. We resume the scene meeting Ed Roel, and Wilson introduces himself reminding Ed that he had written to Wilson about his daughter. Ed realizes who Wilson is and invites him into the house. Ed makes some food, but Wilson isn't interested in small talk. He asks Ed, "Who done it then, snuffed her?" Ed tells him he never said anyone "snuffed her." just sent the newspaper clipping. He tells Wilson that there was an investigation into the accident and his daughter's neck was broken on impact "so she wouldn't have felt the effects of the fire." Ed drives Wilson around and rationalizes that an accident could happen to anybody. Wilson replies, "No. Not my girl. Self control she had. It was a point of pride." Wilson pushes Ed for information on where Jenny bought her "grass or whatever." Ed claims he doesn't know anything about that, and Wilson mentions his tattoos. Ed explains that he did five years in prison, but he's done with that. Wilson surprises him by saying "I just got out meself, didn't I." Wilson changes the conversation, asking "Terry Valentine, this bloke she was bunked up with, what's he got to say for himself?" Ed has no idea about Terry Valentine. We see Wilson buying a pistol from a couple of kids, the scene flashing back to previous scenes of the hotel, the airplane, driving, and talking at Ed's house. Ed recalls driving Jenny downtown to look for Terry Valentine. He assumed she was looking to catch him with another girl, but was surprised she didn't want to check hotels, but asked him to bring her to "some bad place." where there was shipping going on and men unloading trucks. Valentine wasn't there but Ed says "Jenny stood right in front of those guys, eyeballing them, checking them out. She made me feel like she was covering my ass." We see Wilson alone, finding the place Ed referred to. Wilson cuts through the wire fence (remarkably easily) enter the property, and walks into the building asking the first man he sees at a desk if he knows Terry Valentine. When the man doesn't tell him anything, Wilson starts beating the man, before several more men show up to pull him away. The man at the desk wants to know who Wilson is, and when he mentions Jennifer Wilson, one of the other men asks if she was the girl that came down there one time. The man admits that Terry Valentine is a personal friend, and says he doesn't discuss his friends with anybody. He tells Wilson that Jennifer had come by asking who he was and how he knew Terry and the nature of their business. He then whispers to Wilson what he would've liked to do to Jenny, Wilson can't contain himself and strikes the man in the groin, prompting quick retaliation as the other men ensure Wilson can't respond. They escort Wilson out of the office, taking turns kicking him and throwing him into things on the way out. They throw him onto the pavement and tell him if he comes back they'll kill him. Wilson gets up and pulls a gun tucked in the back of his pants. He walks right back into the building and there is yelling and several shots. One of the men runs away and Wilson yells after him "You tell him. You tell him I'm coming. Tell him I'm fucking coming!" At a huge Mansion overlooking the hills and ocean. Terry Valentine (Peter Fonda), the owner, watches a 20-ish girl swimming and talks about her name, Adhara (Amelia Heinle) remembering that he had suggested using a constellation to her parents before they named her. He asks if she needs anything. She asks why he keeps "the scary man" in his house, to which he says "Gordon? He's been with me for years. He's not as tough as he looks." Jim Avery (Barry Newman) watches from overheard and yells to Terry that he has news. He tells Terry "Our friends downtown, someone took them out." They wonder if it was a gang killing but Avery says it was a lone gunman. They mention Jenny. Ed tells Wilson that Terry Valentine was a "money guy." and that Jenny had been with him for five years. He remarks that Jenny had introduced him to Terry, but Terry "didn't even see him." and that they lived in different social circles, and that he'd met Jenny in his acting class. Wilson finds Elaine (Lesley Ann Warren) a friend of Jenny's, who tells him "She was twenty one when she came to me, straight from leaving you." Elaine helped Jenny get rid of her English accent. She knows Wilson had been in jail and tells him Valentine is a rock concert promoter. Ed goes along as Wilson scopes out Terry's place with binoculars. They realize Terry's having a party when they see a lot of valets. The two go over to pretend being guests Wilson tells him "I'm gonna have a butcher's round the house." Ed seems concerned not realizing this is rhyming slang. He asks "Who you gonna butcher?" Wilson says "Butcher's hook, look." and then heads upstairs to look around. He sees a picture in the hall and remembers Jenny as a little girl. Terry joins the party and talks with guests as Wilson checks out his bedroom, hiding when Adhara has to get out of the master bathroom tub to get the phone. Wilson goes downstairs and finds Ed standing by the pool. Wilson realizes the pool is built to extend out into the air with a long drop outside the railing. He imagines shooting Terry at several different ranges, nearly walking right up to him before Ed pulls him back outside. Terry notices the way Wilson looked at him and Avery sends a man out to remove Wilson, who has sent Ed to grab the car. Wilson tosses the security man over the railing catching the party's attention. Everyone rushes to look over the side. Avery attempts to grab Ed who is waiting with the car, but Wilson throws him out of the way and they drive off. Ed tells Wilson he thought he was going to cap the guy, but Wilson insists that "he's gotta know why." Avery follows them, hitting their car and then firing a shotgun at them. Wilson forces Ed to hit Reverse and nearly hits Avery, knocking his car down a ravine. Avery returns to the house and meets with Terry, and scolds him for talking to the police without him. Terry told made up a story that a longtime employee with drug problems flipped out and committed suicide. Avery reveals that Jenny's father just got out of prison for armed robbery "again." which gets Terry flustered. Terry insists that he can't take care of Wilson using his own security as it could be connected to him. Avery assures him that he has "other resources." We then find some guys arguing over a break at a pool hall. One of the guys, Stacy (Nicky Katt) beats another guy with a cue as Avery walks in and calls him over. Avery asks "How would you like to kill someone for me." Stacy says "Ok." Stacy is upset that he's supposed to find actually Wilson, telling Avery. "I just do it. I don't organize it." Stacy tells a dimwitted friend he's getting paid $5000.00 for the hit. Stacy and his friend find Elaine at a film shoot and Wilson shows up to see her. They follow them to a hotel garage and just before Stacy moves in for the hit he is stopped by men in suits, who tells Wilson to go with them. They bring Wilson and Elaine to another location. Left alone for a moment, Wilson shows a DEA badge he pickpocketed and tells Elaine that he watched Jenny grow up "in increments." He remembers Jenny used to threaten him, "If you're naughty, Dad, I'll put the law on you. I promise. He recalls her in flashback as a little girl picking up the phone threatening to "shop him." Elaine says "She never would have turned you in, not in a million years." The lead DEA agent meets with him and Wilson tells him he doesn't care what Valentine's mixed up in. He then tells him a story about him wanting revenge on a prison guard then easing off when he had a chance. Wilson tells him that they're likely after the same thing for different reasons. He tells the agent he's not after money, but something else. The DEA man tells his own story of rich men getting involved in drug trade, they suspect heroin dealers are using Valentine to launder the money. The agent then "accidentally" drops a file, showing a Big Sur address for Valentine and releases Wilson. Terry Valentine is driving with Adhara to the other house. She realizes that the black SUV behind them has been following them and Terry says "I sure hope so." as Avery and two heavies are following. Ed, Elaine and Wilson drive to the other house as well. Back at the pool hall Stacy grumbles that he knows Avery is up at Big Sur, he wants to go there and the big stash of money or drugs. At the ocean side house Adhara complains that Terry hasn't told her anything about the situation. He tells her that she wouldn't know anything about having enemies. Elaine tells Wilson that Jenny "lived" at the beach and loved the ocean, causing him to remember her at the beach as a girl. He remarks "She was from an island." The security watches all around the property as Avery and Terry watch TV, Adhara showers upstairs. Everyone pays attention when a car alarm goes off and some guards go check for it. When it shuts off, Terry realizes that a guard who was on the porch is missing. We see Wilson tying the man up, gagged in the yard. Avery gets Adhara and moves everybody to the living room hiding behind the couch. Avery shoots at a figure in the window, and going to check he finds it was Stacy. Avery is then shot by Stacy's friend, who also shoots another guard before The wounded Avery shoots him while lying on the ground. Wilson then grabs Terry as he's going for the door and fights with him in the house. Adhara stabs Wilson with a skewer but is knocked out, Valentine escapes and grabs Avery's gun, leaving the injured man without a word. Wilson is slowed but follows Terry down the stairs to the rocky beach. Terry shoots at Wilson but misses. He then twists his ankle and falls and Wilson catches him. We hear Wilson snarl the lines from the opening. Tell me about Jenny. Tell me about Jenny! Terry admits Jenny found about his drug deal and had threatened to turn him in, the confrontation turned violent and Jenny was killed. Avery and his henchmen had helped cover it up with the fake car accident. Wilson leaves Valentine alone. Wilson is on the plane again. He chats with the woman in the next seat about his trip, and remembers singing a song that goes "Freedom is a word I rarely use without thinking of the time when I was loved, "Jenny's mother in the background telling him the song was good.
tt0299117
Comedy,Drama
At lunch with several marketing professionals Roger (Campbell Scott) expounds on the primal difference between men and women. His argument is that men have a place and that is to hunt and have women, and women are naturally designed to stay at home. Later that evening as he lets himself into the apartment of Joyce (Isabella Rossellini), his boss at work and partner in an undercover office romance, Joyce states that she wants to end their relationship. The next day Roger is further bruised by the fact that Joyce has invited the office to her apartment for a party and the company invitation excluded Roger. Roger realizes that his time as office pet has come to an end, and as he trucks back to his cubicle he finds his nephew Nick (Jesse Eisenberg) in a standing meditative state. A senior in high school Nick says he has come to New York to interview at Columbia and would like to spend time with Roger getting a quick course on how to get a girlfriend. Roger takes him out on the town to give him lessons on how to start the relationship with women and eventually start dating. Roger sneaks Nick into a bar and puts him through some paces, first attracting the attention of Andrea (Elizabeth Berkley), an attractive woman. Soon Andrea summons her friend Sophie (Jennifer Beals) to make up a foursome, and they are immediately attracted to Nick because of his openness and unassuming manner and the fact that he has none of the jaded attitude that Roger has. From Rogers point of view Nick doesnt have the temperament for true urban womanizing. As the night wears on Roger castigates Nick for his inability to close the deal and make love to a woman and successfully give up his virginity, and decides to crash Joyces party. Roger gives Nick some instruction and even manages to set up an opportunity with an office associate Donna (Mina Badie) but Nicks conscience prevents him from reverting to Rogers tactics to make love to the inebriated young woman. But the appearance at the party leads to a scene in which Roger makes it very public what has happened to his relationship with Joyce, and manages to get himself fired in the process. As they move back into the night Roger tells Nick that there is always a fail-safe method to getting a woman, and that is to visit a brothel. At the underground location Roger cannot let Nick lose his virginity in such an emotionally barren atmosphere, and drags him back to his apartment to sleep things off. Roger has failed to introduce to the mysteries of the world, but has perhaps, gained a glimmer of a conscience. Nick travels back to his mother but Roger shows up unexpectedly to tutor Nick and his classmates on their home turf, bonding with the younger man in a more potent way, in an atmosphere populated by pre-adolescent peers.
tt0120520
Drama,Romance
In 1910 London, England, Kate Croy (Helena Bonham Carter) lives under the careful watch of her domineering Aunt Maude (Charlotte Rampling). The wealthy Maude has taken the penniless Kate in, intending to marry her to a rich man and save her from the fate which befell her recently deceased mother when she married Kate's own dissolute estranged father, Lionel (Michael Gambon), who swandered most of the family's money to support his drug addiction. Lord Mark (Alex Jennings), a sophisticated aristocrat with a large estate, begins to court Kate with Maude's approval. However Kate is secretly in love with a young muckraking journalist named Merton Densher (Linus Roache), whom her aunt has forbidden her from pursuing a relationship with because of his humble circumstances. Nonetheless she has continued to meet with Merton in secret, though he is growing increasingly impatient for her to leave her aunt and marry him. Aunt Maude confronts Kate about her continuing association with Densher and threatens to withdraw her financial support from Kate and her father. Kate reluctantly breaks with Merton and refuses to meet with him anymore. A few months later, at a dinner party given by her aunt, Kate is introduced to the wealthy American orphan and heiress Milly Theale (Alison Elliott), who is on an extended trip through Europe with her travelling companion Susan Stringham (Elizabeth McGovern). The cynical Kate is captivated by Milly's beauty, vivaciousness and humor, and the two form a strong friendship. Kate and Merton reconcile and resume their secret meetings; one day they run into Milly and Kate introduces Merton as a friend. Soon after Milly invites Kate to accompany her and Susan to Venice. Before leaving town, Lord Mark secretly reveals to Kate that Milly is terminally ill and that although he desires Kate he has to marry Milly to avoid losing his estates. Aware that Milly is indifferent to Lord Mark but is smitten with Merton, Kate invites Merton to Venice and persuades him to show Milly affection in an effort to seduce her. Kate expects that the orphaned and lonely Milly will leave him her fortune after her death. During Kate's, Milly's, and Merton's excursions through Venice, Kate gradually becomes jealous of Milly's attraction to Merton, so much so that she lures him away one night to have sex. Milly confronts her the next morning, though Kate denies that Merton is her lover. She realizes that she must leave, without warning Merton, if her scheme is to succeed. On their own in Venice, Merton's affection for Milly grows ever stronger and the two form a strong bond, even as her condition worsens. One day Merton spots Lord Mark at a cafe; alarmed, he goes to visit Milly but is denied entry. Susan visits him and Merton realizes that Kate has revealed their secret to Lord Mark to sabotage the whole scheme, knowing that Mark would tell Milly as revenge for her jilting him. Nonetheless Milly agrees to see Merton and the two share an intimate moment where she forgives him and says that she still loves both him and Kate, despite their actions. A few days later, Milly dies and Merton and Susan attend her funeral. A few weeks later, Merton returns to London where on one rainy evening Kate comes to Merton's flat. She asks why he has not come to see her in the weeks he has been back and finds a letter from Milly's attorneys, informing Merton that Milly did indeed bequeath a sizable portion of her estate to him. Merton tells Kate that he will not take the money, and she must marry him without it if they are to be together. She agrees, and they make love. But afterwards, Kate asks him to tell her that he is not still in love with Milly, or his memory of her, and he cannot. Kate leaves him for good, knowing that her conniving has backfired. Merton returns to Venice, alone.
tt0316768
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The movie begins with Rolfe (Oldman) and Maurice (Dinklage) riding trikes down the highway interspersed with scenes of Steven (McConaughey) and Carol (Beckinsale) talking about his family. They decide to pick up Lucy (Arquette) who has been dumped by her bus. Steven goes to a convention for the Little People Defense League and reveals that his parents are indeed little people. He parties with them and meets Rolfe outside, who is his brother. They talk and then part ways. Steven goes home and talks with Carol and she tells him that she is pregnant. He gets upset and leaves. Rolfe, Maurice, and Lucy end up at a seedy motel. Maurice and Lucy try to have sex while Rolfe tries to sleep. Maurice gets sick and Rolfe leaves and goes to see an old girlfriend, where he almost gets beat up by her current boyfriend. He goes over to his brother's house and meets Carol, who is surprised to learn about him. Maurice wakes up in the motel and Lucy attacks the motel manager before they leave. Carol finds Rolfe at work and they argue about whether or not her child could be a dwarf. Maurice and Lucy go to the park and lie on a blanket and talk about each other. Rolfe and Carol talk about her pregnancy and they go meet some more dwarfs and talk. Everyone goes to a party where Maurice argues with the dwarfs and Rolfe argues with Steven. Rolfe catches his girlfriend having sex with some dude. Steven and Carol talk and finally decide to have the baby even though it could be a dwarf. Steven and Carol and their parents all meet and Carol's mom is initially freaked out. They all get along and everyone goes to their wedding, which is Jewish. Flash forward to the baby's birth. It is born a dwarf and Steven is very upset. He cannot deal with it and Carol goes to stay with Rolfe at his parents cabin. Maurice and Lucy are there, but soon get in a fight and leave. Rolfe helps Carol take care of the baby. Steven eventually shows up at the cabin. He talks with Carol, but cannot convince her that he can help raise the child. Carol and Rolfe eventually fall in love and raise the child themselves.
tt0119336
Comedy,Drama
Eddie (Sean Penn) is a coke addled casting director who shares home, business and occasionally women with Mickey (Kevin Spacey), and copious women and drugs with two other friends Arty (Garry Shandling) and best buddy Phil (Chazz Palmintieri). Over the course of a couple of days, Arty picks up a waif (Anna Paquin) who they all use shamefully. Mickey and Eddie converse constantly at home at work and by phone, trying vainly to square a love triangle involving Darlene (Robin Wright Penn). Phil meanwhile is an out of work actor who is considering getting his second wife pregnant because it will keep them together and yet is never around for her, prefering to agonise over his "talent". Tellingly in one scene Eddie is challenged that he keeps Phil around to remind him he isn't the lowest of the low. Phil clearly loves Eddie and needs his validation but Eddie probably has never actually cast him in anything. Mickey seems happy to stay the cleanest and most together of the four but is cynical and manipulative. A year later the film has moved on but the characters have not (although they probably think they have). Darlene is probably having an affair. Eddie is clean but can fall off the wagon at any moment. Phil is still agonising. Eddie fixes Phil up with Bonnie (Meg Ryan) a good time girl who, it emerges, is another person used and thrown away by the gang. At one point Phil hurls Bonnie out of a moving car - totally caught up in a noir like tough guy psychosis. The location inevitably is Mulholland, later the scene of a car crash that takes Phil leaving Eddie bereft. Before that there is time for Bonnie to return bruised and broken to end up ministering to Eddies emotional need with no one paying any attention to the potentially severe injury she is suffering. Phil returns and he and Eddie start, potentially, to be truthful with each other before lapsing back into philosophising. the boys love for each other takes precedence over and of the women. Phil leaves and returns carrying his own baby that he has kidnapped. The four hand the innocent child around like a toy in a hugely tension filled scene showing their utterly selfish irresponsibility. After Phil's funeral, the final scene is Eddie in the pool potentially drowning himself (not really) only for the abandoned waif, Donna, to reappear and offer him redemption...maybe he will grasp it, but probably not. the four have an amoral view of the world and an inflated sense of their own importance. The film is a scathing commentary about the self indulgence and navel gazing when Hollywood people tell each other shocking lies about how great they all are and then cocaine helps them take each other seriously. Eddie and Phil particularly enjoy cod philosophical explorations of their drug addled psyche, neither understanding the other. Mickey is flip and dismissive of this but is no better at seeing the world without the prism of his own ego. Arty is perhaps the most self conscious because he is a jewish caricature - anxious and apparently wise. The female characters are barely less self indulgent but definitely less well written; ciphers really - this is a buddy movie where none of the characters you'd want to be your buddy.
tt0155711
Comedy,Crime,Drama
The 1999 film features Robert De Niro as Walter Koontz, a homophobic New York police officer who suffers a stroke that leaves him partially paralyzed with a severe speech impairment. His doctor recommends singing lessons to help him improve the clarity of his speech. Too ashamed by his impairment to seek out a professional voice coach, he turns for help to his neighbor (portrayed by Philip Seymour Hoffman), a flamboyant pre-operative transsexual who is also a drag performer. In the course of their interactions, they discover that although they are each deeply prejudiced against one another, they also have a great deal in common. The film begins with Walt Koontz (Robert De Niro) playing squash with a group of people in the local court when somebody sneaks up to an enclosed area beneath the court where there are people who are perhaps dealing drugs. A guy comes and steals all the money that is spread across the table while the men are away and escapes, only for the group of men to return and instantly realize that the money has been taken and they quickly leave and start to chase him. Walt finishes his game of squash and leaves the court where he then walks into town to his apartment, where he meets a group of drag queens whilst waiting for the elevator, they look over his shoulder and mimic about something he is holding. Walt gets fed up and decides to take the stairs while they crowd into the elevator. While this is happening, the two men are still chasing the guy who stole the money from their hidden den under the squash court. Walt walks up to his apartment and talks briefly to the next door neighbor, when inside he shouts out the window abusively to his neighbor, Rusty Zimmerman and friends opposite to turn their music down in a very impolite way using homophobic slurs. Walt closes his window and at this point Rusty Zimmerman and friends decide to sing even louder at their window. The two men have lost sight of the guy who stole the money and swear whilst in a little side alley where he is hiding and holding his breath; they then walk away back onto the main street. Walt then gets ready to go out whilst at the same time you see Rusty Zimmerman getting ready to perform and making-up his face. Moments later, the two of them again bump into each other in the elevator. Walt opens the door to the elevator and when Rusty blows him a kiss, Walt again decides to take the stairs. Rusty Zimmerman (Phillip Seymour Hoffman) talks to the apartment manager Leonard Wilcox (portrayed by Barry Miller) about how he saw a rat in the room and it ran across the rug and that someone should check the apartment tomorrow, although as far as we know this is just an excuse as we see two people running up the stairs; one of them being the guy who stole the money at the beginning of the film and the other being Amber (portrayed by link=nm0037410]). Leonard has a suspicious look on his face and immediately picks up the phone and you hear the dial tone. A girl named Cristal (portrayed by Penny Balfour) is waiting at the top of the stairs and makes Amber and the guys she is with run up the stairs even faster, as they enter the room opposite to hers. Once in the room, Amber puts the chain on immediately, whilst he pants heavily. Walt has walked from the apartment to a nearby restaurant where he walks in whilst smoking a cigar to the sound of soft jazz music playing on the piano inside, he is greeted when he enters the door and continues up the stairs. He walks past a couple dancing and looks around the room before someone introduces him to his dance partner Sally. Walt walks across the room towards two women who are sitting down and then walks over to the dance floor with one of them when he then begins to dance along slowly to the jazz music on the dance floor and the other people in the room all watch. We then see people get out of a cab and it drives off while they enter Femmes Fatale where a drag queen who goes by the name of Butsy Rutsy and is described on the poster outside as "the hostess with the mostest," is on stage this evening. Butsy Rutsy invites a guy from the audience on to the stage where they have banter and the audience whoops and giggles, as Butsy Rutsy then asks him to kiss her ass and then to go and sit back down. Butsy Rutsy then invites her Big Ol Number- Amazing Grace (portrayed by Nashom Benjamin) onto the stage and she comes on whilst the piano is playing and begins to sing. Back in the restaurant, a lady comes up to him while he waits for his dance partner (Karen) to return and she questions why Walt didn't ask her to dance instead. The conversation ends before Karen returns and Walt takes her arm in his. Whilst at the apartment, Walt's dance partner discusses how she is running short on her rent again. Walt glances at Karen, then gets out his wallet and walks over to her handing her some money for her rent that she takes and leans in for a kiss. Karen says to Walt how she will see him next week, he leaves the room and Karen begins to count the money again. Two men open the foyer doors at the block of apartments, whilst another guy walks through and gives Leonard money in his hands. Leonard looks rather scared and breathes quite worryingly whilst looking out into the distance. Upstairs Cristal and the guy she is with sit smoking in their room, the men come up the stairs, whilst one of them burns out the candle in the hallway, the other climbs out the window and the last pulls out a gun. Two of them break open the door to Amber's room and storm in pointing the gun at the two of them in bed and the third man joins them after appearing from the window in the room. They are after him because he stole the money and start talking in Spanish asking him to give them the money, he doesn't act straight away, so they shoot him and lots of shouting is going on. Walt hears the loud noises, grabs his gun from his bedside table and heads out to find out what all the loud noise is about. Amber screams, they shoot her and Walt is on his way to the scene, when he feels dizzy and slowly collapses on the stairwell. Walt groans and someone rolls down the stairs past him and there is a lot of movement and flashing lights, which might be reflecting how Walt is feeling or what he is seeing at this moment in time. The police appear at the scene and start talking to Walt, but he does not respond. Walt is driven to the hospital and put on a heart monitor machine and Doctor Nirmala (portrayed by Madhur Jaffrey) lets him know he has had a stroke. Rusty Zimmerman was a friend of Amber and goes to identify the body, whilst the men are still in the apartment searching for the money; they have had no luck finding anything. Leonard comes into the room and the men insist on looking in Cristal's room that is in the apartment across the hall. Cristal hears them and takes the opportunity to pack some things into her bag and escape out of the window. Rusty sits on the subway on the way home holding a small square postal package. Back at the hospital, Walt is assisted whilst putting his jacket on and Doctor Nirmala says to him that a volunteer will drive him home and he says he will go home alone. Walt turns up at the apartment doors and some people see him struggling and ask if he needs any help. Whilst in his room, Walt gets frustrated trying to do things on his own and smashes something and starts crying. He continues to cry and points a gun at his head and sits in the chair miserably and soon enough puts the gun down. Rusty arrives home to find the house in a state and as soon as the door closes, one of the guys grabs hold of him and the other points a gun. The package he was holding on the metro home; we find contains Ambers ashes when one of the guys rips it open hoping to find the stash of money. Once they have left, Rusty puts the ashes in a small little trinket box. Doctor Nirmala knocks on the door at Walt's apartment and Amber's friend hears the knocking and looks out the window to see Walt sitting in his chair. Doctor Nirmala has come to see him because he did not turn up at the hospital for his therapy and wants his situation to improve, so suggests somebody coming to see him instead of him having to go out. The men break into Cristal's room and comment on the smell and how she has their money. Walt is downstairs doing his laundry when Rusty starts a conversation with him; he looks over, but does not comment. Rusty then offers to help Walt with Walt's washing, but Walt does not want help, so he pushes Rusty away and falls over in the process. Rusty and friends are walking to the gay and lesbian center to sign up for a contest, when another group of people walk in and start arguing and fighting over who is going to win the contest. They then get help to have them kicked out. A policeman named Tommy Walsh (portrayed by Skipp Sudduth) knocks on Walt's door wanting to see Walt and his physical therapist (Le Shaun Williams) answers the door on his behalf. Tommy seems to be a good friend of Walt and says he is a hero and goes on to tell Le Shaun how he saved him, another guard named Joe and 14 hostages in 1998. Tommy hears the music and singing from the group of queens opposite Walt's window, so he decides to shout out the window and tells them impolitely to shut up. Tommy is on his way out, when he tells Walt that Amber and her boyfriend stole off of Mr. Z. Once Tommy has gone, Le Shaun talks to Walt and discusses how he has had success with stroke patients improving their speech by having singing lessons because it relaxes you and recommends Lady Uptown, as he has one of her cards in his bag. Walt finally leaves the house and calls a taxi immediately, the taxi pulls up and Walt slips on the ice. Someone comes running out the foyer to help and the taxi driver also gets out the cab to assist. Walt knocks on Rusty's door and asks if he could pay for singing lessons, but this doesn't go down too well seeing how badly Walt has spoken to his neighbors previously. As Walt walks away, Rusty opens the door and asks if Walt can pay cash, Walt doesn't respond, so instead Rusty offers to call from the window when Rusty is ready to give Walt the first lesson. Cristal stands smoking in the road with a group of her friends when Mr. Z's entourage spot her; she runs away and slips over where they catch her and ask her for Mr. Z's money. Walt turns up at Rusty's house for his singing lesson. After being greeted with some humor, Walt sits down ready for his lesson and starts by reciting the four musical scales. After trying this, Walt says he has had enough when he struggles to pronounce the fa note; he pays his money and walks towards the door. On the way out they have a small dispute, shouting horrible things at each other. Rusty feels bad and decides to go downstairs and knock on Walt's door until he answers. They have some more words and sooner or later they are back having singing lessons. Rusty's friends storm in the door during the singing lesson and Rusty asks them to be as quick as they can politely and they head off for some pizza. Walt goes home and hears the arguing and shouting from Rusty's apartment, peaks out the door and quickly closes it. Mr. Pogo (portrayed by Rory Cochrane) pays Leonard cash for his stay and also asks about paying for parking a motorcycle; he and his girlfriend Tasha then go out. The next day, Walt goes back for another singing lesson and brings up the shouting he heard from Rusty's apartment last night. Rusty gets a phone call and not long after says to Walt that the singing lessons need to end. Mr. Z's entourage arrives in the foyer and Leonard lets them now that Mr. Pogo has returned. They walk towards the back of the building where he has parked his motorcycle and asks Mr. Pogo where he got his money. He is pushed to the ground and beaten; they then smash the lights on his new bike and hurt Tasha too. He tells them that he has been dealing drugs and Tasha knew nothing about this, so Pogo takes off his motorcycle jacket and chucks it at him storming off. Walt opens his door to see what all the noise was about; it is Rusty staggering up the stairs. Walt walks out to the stairs to see if Rusty is OK. Walt goes to Rusty and gives comfort while they are chatting over a drink. Rusty's ex-boyfriend, Sonny (portrayed by John Enos III) turns up asking for money while Walt is still with Rusty, and they walk into the other room and lock themselves in. Walt was invited to Vinnies, but they knew he wouldn't come, so they turned up at his Walt's apartment to play some cards. Tia (portrayed by Daphne Rubin-Vega) knocks on the door and Tommy answers it for Walt; she brings him flowers and a cassette of his favorite tango songs. Tia makes Walt put down his stick and takes his hand to dance and leans in for a kiss. Walt finds it strange that Tia is there and he has no money, so he questions her and this results in her leaving sooner than she probably planned to. Walt goes back to Rusty's for another signing lesson and Rusty congratulates him for graduating his singing classes and has made him a tape to practice on his own. Rusty tells him to come back tomorrow at 5pm. Leonard turns up at his mother's house and Mr. Z grabs hold of him. Mr. Zs entourage has taken his mother while he deals with Leonard. Walt turns up at Rusty's and they have hosted him a graduation party. The pizza guy (Carmine) from downstairs appears with pizza and he joins in with the party until his father comes looking for him. Once the party is over, Walt and Rusty have a serious conversation. Seeing as they are sharing their confessions, Rusty tells Walt that Mr. Z's money was spent on a new outfit. They begin arguing again and end on a bad note. Back at the motel, Leonard leaves the room to open a letter privately and leaves the building putting the letter in the inside pocket of his jacket. Walt appears back at the Jazz restaurant where he spent a lot of his time at the beginning of the film, before his stroke. He turns up with some flowers, the tango music starts and he asks Rita to dance. Rusty and friends are at the Flawless contest and the other drag queens get annoyed that they did not win. The same people who started the fighting at the gay and lesbian center earlier on in the film. When Walt returns back to the motel, Leonard tells Walt to not take any notice of anything he hears or sees that night. Rusty returns from the contest and Mr. Z has broken into Rusty's apartment with his entourage. Mr. Z asks Rusty where the money is and he pulls out a letter and says that the $25,000 deposit and more says differently. Here we find out the letter Leonard opened earlier was a letter addressed to Rusty regarding her operation. Mr. Z punches Rusty around the face and Rusty crashes to the floor. Going against what Leonard said earlier, Walt slowly tries to get up out of bed and looks out of his window to see Mr. Z and his entourage beating Rusty. Walt slowly walks to Rusty's door and opens the door quietly and points the gun in and shoots. They fire back and shoot Walt; Rusty kicks the entourage and runs over to Walt and one of guys chases. Rusty runs out the room and down the stairs; the guy chasing grabs Rusty's leg and pulls Rusty back down the stairs. Rusty grabs a high heel and whacks him around the head. Mr. Z asks Walt where the money is and he tells him it's in the bedroom where he then locks himself in as he knows from previous experience that the steel door will keep him safe. Mr. Z and one of the guys try to break into the bedroom. Rusty comes back up to the apartment to find them at the bedroom door, and shouts for them to stop. In the pouring rain, Rusty uses the fire escape and climbs along the walls and stairs to try and get to the rear window of the apartment bedroom where Walt is laying down worriedly as the battering noises are getting louder and he knows that the lock will not hold forever. Rusty makes quite an entrance by falling through the window. Mr. Z finds a stash of money and Walt pulls out a gun, Mr. Z demands for Walt to put it down otherwise he will shoot. Rusty reaches for a nail file and stabs Mr. Z in the leg, while he screams in agony, Walt takes the opportunity to shoot him. Walt is taken to the hospital in the back of an ambulance and Rusty goes with him.
tt0117826
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
rafe guttman is a wise cracking detective who gets a case by katherine which leads him to a place where dead people are alive an the dead is walking...he ends up helping katherine but then after they solve the case he finds out the case wasnt worth solving...he encounters a plot where he an katherine find her missing brother only to find he is undead.. he an katherine must battle a vampire named lilliath which is taken from the name of a adams first bride but was banished before eden in the genesis book... basically the story goes from one vampire to the next and we find out that killing the head vampire is not always the safest way to end a vampire plot.we can see that when you hunt vampires you must be always wary that the person next to you could be the foe you are trying to battle... so basically watch out cause even if you are in it for the long haul there's more than what you expect...
tt0109306
Drama,Romance
In 1962, Major Hank Marshall and his wife, Carly, are having marital problems because of the pressures of his job and her mental illness. Hank is a nuclear engineer who favors underground nuclear testing, an initiative code-named "Blue Sky", as opposed to above-ground, open-air detonations. Carly is a free spirit who appears to be mentally unbalanced and who is slowly being suffocated by domestic torpor and encroaching age. Her behavior embarrasses him, especially given the restrictions that prevail within a military base. Their move from Hawaii to an isolated base in Alabama alarms their oldest daughter, Alex, and sends Carly into a violent tantrum. The following day, Hank has his first meeting with base commander Colonel Vince Johnson, who rebuffs his underground testing initiative despite strong scientific support. Meanwhile, Vince's wife Vera welcomes Carly and invites her to a party organized by the base officers' wives. Carly gets drunk at the party and demonstrates exotic dancing skills. Vera begs her husband to do something about her, to which Vince agrees but says he'll have to get Hank out of the way first. Alex starts dating Vince's son Glen and on their first date finds what she takes to be a dud grenade. It explodes, alerting the whole base to their relationship and giving Vince more reason to get rid of Hank. Carly is invited by the other officers' wives to join them for a dance recital, and fills her time rehearsing for it. Hank is sent to the Nevada Test Site to supervise the first underground test under Lieutenant Colonel Robert Jennings. During the first test, Hank notices two cowboys in the test area and attempts to have Robert abort the test, but Robert refuses, explicitly telling Hank that he is not concerned with the cowboys' health or their lives, and sends Hank back to Alabama. While Hank is away, Alex and Glen discover Vince sent Hank away just so he could have an affair with Carly. Hank learns of the affair at the dance recital and reacts violently, after which he is given two options: have his wife and commanding officer court-martialed with him, or spend time in a psychiatric hospital receiving therapy over how the news has affected him. In debating the decision it quickly comes to light that a court martial would require bringing the incident with the cowboys out in public. Hank is eventually committed to the hospital. The hospital keeps him so heavily sedated he is unable to leave. Carly, suspecting there is a reason for this, digs through Hank's papers and finds the report about the two cowboys. She drives across the country with her daughters and finds the cowboys with visible radiation sickness. She begs them to bring their story to the press, but the cowboys refuse, so she steals one of their horses and rides into the test site, intent on repeating their experience to get the attention of the press. She is arrested, which gets the attention of the press, and Robert is forced to let her, and Hank, go. She returns home to find Hank waiting for her, having quit that morning, and that Vince has been relieved of his duties. Hank tells her he found a new job in California, and the family happily moves.
tt0191996
Crime,Thriller
This film starts off as a young taxi driver is offered a job to help a small-time hardman get a little revenge. As the film progresses, he gets money and he thinks he is gaining respect from the other gang members. Then there comes a time where he is woken at night, only to find a Range Rover outside his house: his boss is expecting him to drive this to pick up the rest of the gang and take them to their awaiting fate...
tt0101829
Drama,Thriller
An American, Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) goes to post-war Germany in 1945 to work as a railroad conductor for the Zentropa Rail Line instead of going into the Army because he feels its a more valuable thing to do for the state of the world. He meets Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa), the daughter of the railroad owner and they fall in love. The Nazi sympathizers remaining in Europe coerce Kessler into cooperating with them to carry out terrorist tactic against the American forces attempting to govern the country, but Kesslers inability to perform brings about a realization about his place and Americas role in Germany.
tt0093624
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Some dumb teenagers are celebrating Halloween big time; one of them, with a piggy mask, for no apparent reason, decides to show off his huge naked rear to an elderly man (Harold Ayer) who is slowly going back to his home. The old man swears about the teenagers. Somebody is lurking in the shadows and approaching him: it's a handsome young man who scares him with a fake rat. With the scare, all the convenience store items which the old man has bought, fall to the ground. A pretty female teenager offers to help the old man, but he scares her away with a torrent of insults; when he is left alone, the old man laughs threateningly, saying that all the damn children will be sorry, and he picks up first a red apple and then some Gillette razor blades. The girl, Judy (Cathy Podewell) arrives home in anger and slams the door. She asks her mother (Karen Ericson) whether Jay (Lance Fenton) has called her, and her mother says he didn't. Sal (William "Billy" Gallo) has been the one who called, but Judy is not interested in him. When Jay finally does call, he tells her that her efforts to get money for the poor are useless and that they have changed their plans to enjoy the night, so that they will go to Angela (Amelia "Mimi" Kinkade)'s party instead. Judy dislikes Angela, but she finally changes herself and decides to go. Jay tells her that they will go to Hull House. While she is undressing, Judy's little brother Billy (Donnie Jeffcoat Jr.) scares her with a monster's mask, jumping from inside her closet. He mocks her boobs, and goes to unlock the door: somebody has rung the bell. When he opens it up, nobody is there. A side door opens, and it's Sal who scares the boy. He tells the boy to call Judy, but he tells the news: Judy is going out with Jay. Sal leaves for Hull House with the boy's monster mask. Meanwhile, Angela steals a sackful of things from the local convenience store while her friend, sexy bombshell Suzanne (Linnea Quigley) distracts the male shop clerks (James W. Quinn & Clark Jarrett) showing them her panties. Jay picks Judy up. The piggy boy, nicknamed Stooge (Hal Havins) causes his two friends, Rodger (Alvin Alexis) and sensible Helen (Allison Barron) - who was driving - to blow a tire out. Fortunately, they are already very close to Hull House. The girl says that nobody would organize a party in such a place, but Stooge says that everything is OK. The car full of party-goers mock the stranded teenagers. They arrive to Hull House, which used to be a funeral parlour. They comment that a family member got mad and he killed all his relatives and then committed suicide. The place has been the theme for boogeyman stories to the local children and horror legends for years and years. Judy, Jay, Max (Philip Tanzini) and Frannie (Jill Terashita) are the first to arrive, but the place is cold, dark, shrouded in mist and looks deserted. Max mentions that there is a river underground, and that the high wall was built to keep evil spirits away, as they can't cross water. He also points that nothing can be heard, not even crickets. Somebody is watching them from behind the window. Jay wants to hide inside a coffin to scare the stranded friends, who have just arrived; when he opens the lid, Sal is inside wearing Billy's monster mask, scaring Jay. The party begins right away. When the batteries of the radio become dead, Angela proposes to celebrate a seance. They push Rodger and Stooge into another room, and they find a huge mirror. Rodger looks dizzy about that. Rodger is the only one who doesn't sit in front of the mirror. When they all - except Rodger - concentrate, the mirror's image fades to black. Helen sees the head of a monster, and also the severed head of a man who looks like a pirate pushed against the mirror. Helen panics and starts whimpering, while the mirror falls to the ground. They all look to the pieces of broken window glass, and some knocks are heard. Nobody has invited anybody else, but Suzanne (Linnea Quigley) wishes that a good-looking stud appears. Judy thinks that the thuds come from the basement. There, the monster Helen saw pushes open a vault-like door. Nobody can see the monster moving: it's become a powder which gets into Suzanne. Angela recognizes the signs of devil's possession: a stench, sudden cold and an unexpected breeze. Everybody disregards her opinion. Suddenly, there is a perfume of roses. Angela says that the house is not haunted from ghosts but possessed by a devil. Rodger and Helen want to leave, but they have no car. Suzanne gives them Angela's car keys. After they leave, Jay and Judy want to investigate the house to find some private place. Suzanne stays with Stooge and Sal. Stooge and Suzanne leave together, and Suzanne enters a room. She bangs the door on Stooge's face, who is scared by the sudden wind and breaks his flashlight. Frannie and Max want to leave Jay and Judy alone, but she is not in the mood for sex, as the house scares her deeply. Meanwhile, Helen and Rodger can't find the door in the wall which they entered through. Helen thinks that they are all already dead and that they have gone to hell. She suddenly disappears, and Rodger gets scared. The house calls his name, so he locks himself inside a car. Jay is trying to convince Judy to have sex with him, but they argue because Judy went out with Sal once. Jay leaves in anger, leaving Judy locked inside the room. Stooge hasn't realized so far that Suzanne has become a monster. Angela is with Sal, and she contorts like an animal in heat. Music blasts from the radio. Sal tries to leave, and comes across Stooge, who takes Sal's place and kisses Angela, who bites off his tongue. Jay finds Suzanne, who is applying make-up to herself as usual, but he says he wants to go home. Suzanne's demon voice (James W. Quinn) argues that he's already at home. Jay comes back to Suzanne, who seduces and kills him. Meanwhile, Sal finds Angela burning her hands. Sal tries to run away. Rodger wakes up in the car, but he leaves it when he sees the dead body of Helen. Suzanne blinds Jay because he tells him to "stop staring at her". Monster Stooge attack Frannie and Sal, who were doing it in the coffin. Stooge breaks Frannie's neck and encloses her with Sal. Angela welcomes Rodger back into the house, who bumps onto Sal. Monster Stooge tries to get to Judy, but can't. Finally, Sal frees Judy, who hugs him. They run away from Angela and find Suzanne, who is still holding to Jay, and propose an orgy. Judy runs away, but all the doors close in front of her. She decides to run upstairs. Judy reaches the rooftop. As Stooge approaches, she has to go there. Judy finally falls down - we can see Jay completely dead - and falls on top of Rodger. Stooge threatens them. When they run away from him, they see Angela - they also see Sal Romero's tomb, who died on this Halloween night. They run through corridors and corridors, with Angela floating after them. They reach the basement and find the vault. Rodger proposes to pray, but Judy says she has been praying all night. They get inside and leave devilish Angela and Stooge outside, threatening them. They are about to unscrew all the screws of the vault, but Judy has an idea: she creates a flame-thrower. That gives them the opportunity to run and leave the vault. However, when they are about to pry open the door, Jay appears, threatening Judy especially. Angela and Jay join sides, and move menacingly towards them. Rodger jumps through a window; Judy follows through. As there is no door in the wall, they have to climb it. For Judy, it's a difficult task, so Rodger goes first and then tries to pull her above the wall. He finally has to let go of her, when all the dead people appear. Finally, Rodger saves her, going up onto the wall again, just when she is about to give in. All the dead monsters, including the first one, turn to dust, because the sun is rising. When Rodger and Judy are dragging their feet back home it's already the morning of the following day. They go past the house of the old man at the beginning of the film, and he mutters that they are disgusting people who are coming back from a party. The old man picks up his newspaper and goes back in his home. There, his wife (Marie Denn) has already prepared him his breakfast. He grumbles that there's nothing nice about the day, and that the food is not bad. They talk, and the wife says that she's been awake for hours, so that she decided to make some home-made apple pie as he bought so many. At that moment, the old man stops eating. He feels something strange: his neck is cut open from the inside, and one of the razor blades slides outside among a spring of blood. The old man dies a painful death. His wife / widow approaches him and kisses him on his head tenderly, wishing him a happy Halloween and it cuts to the credits.
tt0082163
Comedy,Crime
Cheech and Chong have set up a new business- selling ice cream from a large, odd-looking ice cream truck! However, this isn't regular ice cream- it's actually scientifically-experimented marijuana, sold in the form of ice cream. They've dubbed their business "Happy Herb's Nice Dreams Ice Cream". Day by day, the 2 drive their ice cream truck around to the beach, to the gym, to other places, selling the marijuana ice cream. Soon, all their business starts paying off as the 2 make millions of dollars. However, they've unwittingly sold some marijuana ice cream to undercover cops, planning to bust them from the start. The cops, led by Sgt. Stadenko (Stacy Keach reprising his role from "Up in Smoke"), who has become a stoner and alcoholic, have the marijuana tested in their labs, and it turns out that the marijuana has some odd side-effect, those who smoke it turn into a lizard! Sgt. Stadenko sends 2 incompetent cops out to catch Cheech and Chong, while he in turn smokes some of the marijuana himself- and slowly turns into a lizard himself. After visiting a gym and selling marijuana ice cream to guys working out, Cheech and Chong drive their truck back to their home on a California cliff overlooking a beach. Cheech totals up the money, to discover they've made up to $20 million! The stoners dream of all they can buy with the money- their own private island, guitars, cars, their own resort, and of course, get a lot of women! The 2 head to their house and meet up with their roommate. Cheech and Chong go to the lab where their friend makes and experiments on the marijuana. His lab, under a fake pool, is full of marijuana and dope. As Cheech bargains with the experimenter to get more marijuana to sell, Chong uses a trash can to steal a whole load of the stuff. Meanwhile, cops have tracked Cheech and Chong to the house and begun circling it overhead from helecopters. The cops, however, become side-tracked by naked girls on the beach. Discovering they're being busted, Cheech and Chong load all the marijuana they can into their ice cream truck (while stopping to smoke a bit) and escape, leaving for the cops to bust their roommate and the guy experimenting on the marijuana. The marijuana factory is then taken apart and destroyed. They're taken to the police office and meet Stadenko, who's slowly turning into a lizard. The 2 incompetent cops ask the Sgt. what to do now; the stoner chief now mumbles different words, leading the cops to think they're looking for "Mr. Big." The cops then set off to find Cheech and Chong and finally bust them. It's nightfall and Cheech and Chong have parked outside a Chinese food restaurant and begun to dine inside. While inside, a crazy lady who thinks she knows Chong comes over to him and tells him about making a record, while actually stealing his plate and food. At that point, Cheech's old high school girlfriend Donna shows up with a friend, Howie Hamburger Dude (played by Pee-wee Herman), who is a mental patient. The 4 sit down together and Howie takes out some cocaine, and the 4 go under the table and snort it. Coming out from unde the table, Cheech and Donna go to Donna's car to have sex, leaving Chong to talk to Howie Hamburger Dude. Cheech and Donna begin to have sex in the car when Donna faints, leaving Cheech stuck. Cheech realizes he can't do it with her sleeping (and even asks the audience what they would do), when a cop car pulls up. Cheech fears he'll be in trouble, when suddenly, a coked-up Chong drives up in the ice cream truck- stocked up with marijuana! The cops, not wanting to arrest Cheech and Chong and have to fill out the paperwork and reports, let them go, despite Chong telling them that they're wrong. Having to leave their truck behind, Cheech and Chong have neither the marijuana plant, nor their truck with marijuana to sell, leaving them out of a job. At least they have their money, right? Cheech, Chong, and Donna go to Donna's apartment to have a threesome. In her room the stoners try to nail her all at once, when Chong goes to get some ice. Cheech begins to make out with her when Donna gets a call- her ex-con biker boyfriend, Animal, known to hate Mexicans, has just broke out of prison and is in the lobby of the apartment, coming up. Cheech worries, and when a loud knock is heard on the door, he hides on the balcony and gets locked out. When Cheech sees it's just Chong coming back, he tries to get back in, when he discovers the door is locked, and he's outside on top of a hotel, naked. Cheech tries to scale off the hotel by walking on the balconies, then getting stuck on top of the elevator, going up and down. Meanwhile, Animal has broken the door down into the apartment, and Chong is hiding around the apartment. Animal grabs Donna and has sex with her on top of the bed, where Chong is hiding underneath. Animal and Donna pass out on the bed, and Chong dresses back up. Cheech, meanwhile, has jumped off the elevator into the pool, got a towel, and returned to the room. Chong tells Cheech of Animal in the room, and the 2 get dressed back up and leave. As they go down in the elevator, Cheech asks Chong where the money is- Chong tells Cheech that he cashed in the money with Howie Hamburger Dude for a check! Unfortunately, Chong is illiterate and has no drivers liscence or ID- now he can't cash the check, and the stoners are broke again! $20 million, gone! Cheech, however, is not letting Howie Hamburger Dude walk away with all their money, so he looks up the address on the check, and he and Chong get a ride. However, they're actually getting a ride from the 2 incompetent cops that are looking for them in the first place. Knowing who they are, and waiting for the perfect busting moment, the cops wait outside the address waiting for Cheech and Chong. The 2 stoners climb the gates of the residence- Casa Del Whacko, which is a mental asylum. Sleeping in one of the rooms overnight, the 2 are awoken by multiple mental patients and crazy people. Cheech and Chong try to escape the mental people and find Howie Hamburger Dude, who is running around. Cheech corners Howie, telling him to give back the money. Cheech doesnt understand what Howie says and starts fighting with him, pushing him, when doctors show up, and grab Cheech. Believed to be mentally unstable and dangerous, Cheech is chained in a straight-jacket and locked up in a soft-padded room. Cheech screams and yells to be let free, but is ignored. Meanwhile, Chong is believed to be a doctor and finds Cheech in the soft-padded room. Cheech tells Chong to go find the key, and Chong goes off. Later, Chong returns to the room with a real doctor (played by Timothy Leary), and Cheech begs him to be set free. The doctor tells Cheech he'll give him "the key", and gives both Cheech and Chong "the key to the universe", actually medicated pills. Cheech and Chong swallow the pills and fantasize and get high off the pills. As they fantasize and have weird hallucinations about being hung and killed, the 2 stoners are awoken by the manager, Mrs. Del Whacko. She's realized the mistake and unlocks Cheech and gives them back their bag full of money, apologizing for the incident. She makes Howie apologize and takes him away to get a lobotomy. The 2 stoners rejoice in the room that they've gotten their money back, when a siren sounds- the cops are outside, waiting for Cheech and Chong to bust them. The 2 escape out through a tunnel in the asylum, and the cops arrest Howie and Mrs. Del Whacko by mistake, thinking Howie to be "Mr. Big." A while later, the stoner buddies have managed to lose their money yet again in an unknown way, and now have no job, no marijuana to sell, and they're broke. Cheech and Chong are now forced "to go to work" to make some money, being that Chong has lost all their money. The 2 take off their shirts and strip their pants to their underwear, and go on to a strip club stage, dancing as the male strippers in an all-male strip-club, which is their only way to get money. With the stoners now living a poor job and having an unfortunate job, the movie ends.
tt0101004
Drama,Romance,Thriller
Zandalee Martin (Erika Anderson) is a young boutique store owner living in New Orleans who is sexually frustrated and feeling unfulfilled with her marriage to Thierry Martin (Judge Reinhold), and eventually gets tangled in a passionate, sensual and torrid adulterous affair with her husband's mysterious and free spirited old friend Johnny Collins (Nicholas Cage). Zandalee and Thierry's marriage has hit a snag and seems to be eroding due to his lack of passion. Zan needs to explore, while Thierry wants to withdraw, and has become more and more distant and impotent in their relationship. He used to be a poet, but now has taken over the familys communications business after the death of his father. As time goes on, Thierry has to sell the business and become basically a (vice president) figurehead. He is emotionally adrift as his dreams give way to disillusionment. Johnny, an artist painter by trade, has been working for Thierry's business to help support his paintings. His only religion is self-gratification. Johnny also sells and mules cocaine for a local drug dealer as another source of income for himself. Having not seen each other in a while, the two run in to each other at a bachelor's party. After the party, Thierry brings Johnny home to meet Zandalee and his grandmother Tatta (Viveca Lindfors). While talking about old times, Johnny offers to paint a portrait of Thierry at their home. Later, after finishing the painting, Johnny shows it to Thierry, Zandalee and Tatta. While they go off to other rooms and sensing Zandalee's frustration and vulnerability, Collins makes a pass at her. Johnny continues to pursue her and when they run into each other during a rain storm, he takes advantage and moves in by seducing her, first in his loft in an angry passionate scene, (interestingly, Zan's wedding ring is on the table next to the bed) which is followed by him erotically finger painting her. Their sexual liaisons continue to occur in various places including her laundry room a top a washing machine while Thierry and guests are having dinner. Thierry soon suspects the two are having an affair. As the affair intensifies, Johnny meets Zandalee in a local church and asks her to leave her husband. However, Zandalee feels that she must never abandon her true love Thierry, and quickly ends her affair with Johnny after he forces himself on her in the confessional. She and Thierry re-commit themselves to each other, but Johnny, now obsessed with her, will not be brushed off that easily. He tracks them to their vacation spot in the Bayou. All of this puts the three on a destructive collision course with a tragic sequence of events. When Thierry figures out that Johnny has indeed been having an affair with Zandalee, he becomes drunk and confrontational (he pulls a gun out) leading to him becoming reckless when he takes Zan and Johnny for a speedboat ride on the Bayou, which ends when he falls off the boat and drowns, refusing to be saved by either Zan or Johnny who dive into the water to save him. Both Zandalee and Johnny become distraught by Thierry's death and begin to isolate themselves with Zan jogging for long periods and Johnny trying to work on his paintings, but becoming more self-destructive. In one scene, Johnny, in a rage rips up some of his paintings and pours black paint all over himself. He also consumes some of the cocaine he is supposed to sell, which gets him in trouble with his supplier. When Johnny meets with Zandalee with the hopes to re-start their romance and have a possible future together now that Thierry is out of the picture, she remains emotionally distant and instead goes for a walk along the Old Quarter with Johnny following her. But in the final scene, when Johnny's drug supplier attempts to kill him in a drive-by shooting outside the church that Zandalee frequents, she sees what is about to happen and shields Johnny, getting fatally shot in the process. The drug dealer flees from the scene of the crime (saying "you've got to make accounts payable man"), leaving behind Johnny, now alone, as he cradles and holds Zandalee's dead body. The movie ends with him walking in front of the church with the dead Zandalee in his arms.
tt0082351
Romance,Thriller,War
A man calling himself Henry Faber (Donald Sutherland) is actually "the Needle," a German spy in England during World War II. The Needle dropped out of sight in Germany in 1938 and now inhabits a series of drab bed-sitting-rooms in England while he spies on the British war effort. He is known as the Needle because of his trademarked way of killing people by jabbing a stiletto into their rib cages. He kills with a singular lack of passion, and will kill even the most innocent of bystanders if he thinks they might somehow threaten his objective, or just get in the way. The Needle is a very lonely man. He was raised by parents who did not love him, he was shipped off to boarding schools, and he spent parts of his childhood in America, where he learned English. Perhaps none of these experiences fully explains his isolation and ruthlessness, but maybe it's just part of being a spy. The Needle manages to remain in Britain until the eve of D-Day in 1944, when he learns that the D-Day invasion is to take place on Normandy, and he discovers phony plywood "airplanes" intended to look, from the air, like Patton's invasion force, but it's a ruse to throw off the Germans. Hitler has summoned Faber to come brief him about the Allied invasion plans in person. In his attempt to return to Germany with the information, the Needle travels by boat to an area off the coast of Scotland, intending to rendezvous with a German U-boat, but a fierce storm strands him on the nearby Storm Island. Storm Island is isolated and occupied only by a lighthouse-keeper and by a young married couple, a woman (Kate Nelligan), her partially paralyzed husband David (Christopher Cazenove), their son, and their shepherd, Tom. Lucy is frustrated, mired in a loveless marriage with her emotionally damaged husband. David had been a Royal Air Force commander, but he was paralyzed as a result of an automobile accident on their wedding day. The Needle pretends to be merely a lost sailor. And Lucy, frustrated by her husband's drunkenness and refusal to love, becomes attracted to him. They make love. She grows fond of him. It's not clear if he's fond of her, but he tells her things he has told to no one else. The love affair suggests there's a sympathetic personality buried somewhere inside the Nazi spy, though he remains enigmatic. Early on, we discover that he may not enjoy the hand life has dealt him. When a courier asks him about the way he lives, and "What else can one do?" the Needle answers, "One can just stop." The Needle kills David and the lighthouse-keeper. Lucy realizes that her lover has been lying to her after she discovers David's body, and she prepares to turn him in. The Needle must get to the only radio on the island in time to report to his superiors the exact location of the D-Day invasion. Lucy is the Allies' last chance to keep the details secret. Tension mounts as the Needle races against time to make contact with the U-boat and/or stop Nelligan before she blows the whistle on him. The Needle threatens Lucy, first in a psychological way and then with violence. "The war has come down to the two of us," Sutherland tells Nelligan, as they struggle with what they should do. Nelligan isn't sure if Faber is a treacherous spy or an unloved child, but in the end, she shoots him as he tries to escape in a boat.
tt0094035
Horror,Thriller
The film opens in a Seattle Bellevue neighborhood with Henry Morrison, a psychotic serial killer and master of disguise, washing blood off himself in a bathroom before shaving his beard, replacing his glasses with contact lens and putting a few of his belongings into a suitcase. After packing his things, Henry leaves through the front door of his house, nonchalantly passing the butchered remains of his family, Vicki, Jill and a grown male relative along with a grown female relative, whom he had earlier murdered. Boarding a ferry, Henry disposes of the suitcase containing the objects from his former life by throwing it into the ocean. One year later, Henry (operating under the identity of a mild-mannered real estate agent named Jerry Blake) has married the widow Susan Maine. Jerry's relationship with Susan's teenage daughter Stephanie is strained, as Stephanie is highly suspicious of Jerry, despite his acts of kindness, such as giving her a puppy as a gift. After a session with her psychiatrist Doctor Bondurant, who advises her to give Jerry a chance, Stephanie is driven home by Jerry, who suggests they work together to build a better relationship, also stating that he and Susan hope she will try to be a better student at school, where Stephanie is having trouble. In Seattle, vigilante drifter, former adventurer and amateur detective James "Jim" Ogilvie, the brother of Jerry's latest victim Vicki and Jill's young uncle, convinces a reporter to run an article about his sister's slayer in the newspaper. While hosting a neighborhood barbecue, Jerry discovers the article and is clearly disturbed by it. Excusing himself from the festivities, Jerry goes into the basement of the house and begins maniacally rambling to himself (possibly recalling memories of his unhappy childhood), unaware that Stephanie is in the basement as well. Discovering his stepdaughter's presence, Jerry brushes off his outbursts by saying he was simply letting off some accumulated stress. Leaving the basement, Stephanie finds the newspaper mentioning Jerry's earlier killings and comes to believe her stepfather is the murderer Henry Morrison mentioned in the article. Stephanie writes a letter to the newspaper requesting a photo of Henry Morrison; but Jerry finds the photo in the mail and hides it from Stephanie while she is with Dr. Bondurant. After hiding the photo, Jerry thrashes about in the basement and contemplates killing Susan and Stephanie, but is brought to his senses when Susan yells to him, saying that Dr. Bondurant is calling asking to speak to him. Jerry refuses to answer the phone, having Susan tell the doctor that he is out. Curious as to why Jerry is avoiding him, Doctor Bondurant pretends to be a man named Ray Martin and calls Jerry at the real estate agency under the pretense of wanting to buy a house. As Jerry schedules a meeting with Bondurant, Stephanie opens an envelope addressed to her in the mail and finds a fake photo of Henry Morrison that Jerry had planted to protect his identity. Stephanie is tricked into believing her suspicions of Jerry are false. During his meeting with Bondurant, Jerry becomes increasingly suspicious of the man, who continually questions him about his home life. Realizing Bondurant is not who he says he is, Jerry beats him to death with a 2"x4" board. After discovering Bondurant's identity as his stepdaughter's psychiatrist, Jerry makes Bondurant's death look like an accident, blowing up the doctor's car with his body inside it. The next day, Jerry informs Stephanie of Bondurant's death in an apparent car accident and succeeds in bonding with the mournful Stephanie. Jerry's newfound relationship with his stepdaughter is quickly cut short when he catches Stephanie kissing her boyfriend named Paul Baker, who is also the family friend of the Maines before Jerry came. Jerry's wild accusations of Paul attempting to rape Stephanie result in him getting into an argument with Stephanie and Susan, which results in the former running off. Realizing all hope of having a happy life with Susan and Stephanie has been ruined, Jerry quits his job and creates a new identity for himself as Bill Hoskins, applying for a job as an insurance agent in another town, where he begins to court another widow while planning to get rid of Susan and Stephanie. Having discovered where Jerry is now living, Jim Ogilvie begins going door to door through town in search of his former brother in-law. After Jim stops by, Susan phones the real estate agency to tell Jerry that someone was looking for him, only to be informed that Jerry had quit several days ago. Confronting Jerry when he returns home, Susan is told by Jerry that there must have been a mix-up. While explaining himself to Susan, Jerry confuses his Jerry Blake identity with the new Bill Hoskins one he had crafted and bashes Susan with the phone before knocking her down the basement stairs after she realizes Stephanie was right about Jerry. Content that Susan is dead, Jerry then sets to kill the family puppy, however, he instead prepares to kill Stephanie when she returns home and begins showering when Jim knocks on the door, having concluded that Jerry is Henry Morrison. Ambushing Jim when he enters the house after recognizing him, Jerry kills him by stabbing him in the stomach with a chef's knife as Jim pulls out a snub-nosed revolver before attacking Stephanie. Sustaining a wound to the arm when Stephanie stabs him with a piece of glass, Jerry follows his stepdaughter into the attic, where he corners her. Before he can kill Stephanie, Jerry falls through the weak floor of the attic, but recovers from the fall quickly and renews his attack on Stephanie when she tries to escape. Before he can harm Stephanie, Jerry is shot twice by a still living Susan, who had regained consciousness and retrieved Jim's gun. In the aftermath, Jerry is stabbed in the chest by Stephanie, with his own knife. Uttering a weak "I love you" to Stephanie, Jerry falls down the stairs, seemingly killed. The film ends with Stephanie cutting down the birdhouse she and Jerry had put up during the brief time they had bonded with one another.
tt0079285
Adventure,Horror,Sci-Fi
The film opens at a space station in the vicinity of the planet Saturn. An announcer is paging Captain James (Douglas Lambert) as the ship he is piloting is leaving in just a few minutes. We see James enter a locker room where he starts to put on his spacesuit and we see another figure in a spacesuit lurking in the corner wearing a helmet so we can't see his face. James addresses the figure as Benson (Harvey Keitel). Benson has apparently just failed a mental stability exam and James is replacing him on this mission. Before James is finished putting on his suit, however, Benson straps himself down and opens the airlock venting the locker room. James is killed and his body flushed out into space. Benson closes the door and then takes James's place on the mission. Benson flies the ship through the rings of Saturn and lands it on a moon at the Saturn 3 experimental food station. It is a remote and isolated underground facility crewed by just two scientists: the older Adam (played by a 64 year-old Kirk Douglas) and the beautiful young Alex (played by a 33 year-old Farrah Fawcett). Despite their age difference the two are happy as lovers. Adam and Alex escort Benson inside the facility. Despite their warm greeting, Benson seems cold. He tells them they are behind schedule on developing the new food sources that the over-populated Earth desperately needs. He has brought a new robot - HECTOR - that he will assemble and program to help speed the project. Once Hector is operational he will be so effective that one of the scientists will no longer be needed. When Alex and Benson are alone, he makes it clear that he is interested in having sex with her. She tells him she is exclusively with Adam and Benson responds that on Earth it is considered inhospitable to refuse his request. Alex, who was born in space and has never visited Earth, though she is curious about it, points out that they are not on Earth and continues to ignore his advances. He, in turn, tells her that Adam is "obsolete." Alex escorts Benson to his quarters where he tells her he will take a "blue dreamer" and get some sleep. Alex tells him she does not know what a "blue dreamer" is and Benson gives her a blue pill and suggests that she try it. Alex shows the pill to Adam who dismisses it is a sleeping/hypnotic drug used to keep people from going crazy in the isolation of space duty. Despite her negative reaction to Benson, the fact that he is from Earth and his description of the effect of the "blue dreamer" raises her interest. Reluctantly Adam agrees to try the drug with her one night (A scene was apparently filmed that shows their dream sequence, but it was cut from the final film. A still from this segment, however, showing Fawcett in a sexy, futuristic outfit, was widely circulated when the movie came out). Benson assembles the robot which stands 8-foot high and is extremely powerful. Benson can program the robot by connecting his own brain directly to it by a data port surgically implanted in the back of Benson's neck. Adam sees this and it concerns him as he believes that if Benson cannot control his thinking, improper thoughts will be encoded into Hector's brain. Later as we watch Benson training Hector we see him give Alex a lustful stare and Hector does the same. Lust is not the only thing that is transferred to Hector, but also Benson's propensity toward murder. After the robot is operational Alex finds that her dog, Sally, as been killed by being ripped asunder. The robot then grabs Alex and lifts her by her wrists into the air. Her screams attract Benson and Adam. She is able to persuade Hector to release her, but the robot then attacks Benson by dropping a piece of equipment on top of him. Adam at first wants to leave the trapped Benson for the robot to finish off, but then has a change of heart and rescues him. They all retreat to the safety of the communication room. There Adam waits till Hector needs to recharge and when the robot plugs in, he overloads it with high voltage causing it to collapse. Adam then orders Benson to disassemble the robot, pack it up and leave. Benson disassembles the robot, but Hector's brain is still active and during the night Hector commands the other simpler robots in the lab to reassemble him. The next morning, Benson storms into Alex and Adam's bedroom telling them he is leaving and taking Alex with him. A fight ignites between Benson and Adam. Adam gets the better of Benson nearly choking him, till Alex pulls him off. Benson then takes this opportunity to hit Adam over the head and drag Alex, clad only in a short, baby-doll nightie down the corridor toward his spaceship. He doesn't get far, though, as the reassembled Hector attacks him in the hallway. Alex escapes as Hector drags Benson's battered body away. Alex and Adam decide their best course of action is to try and escape the station in Benson's ship. Hector blocks their way until they set a trap for him in the lab by removing the supports beneath a section of the floor. Hector is toppled through the floor into the hydroponic pond below the lab. While he climbs out Alex and Adam don spacesuits and head out toward the ship. Hector is able to remotely detonate it before they can get on board, however. Back inside they hear Benson's voice directing them to come to him in the lab. When they arrive the find that the voice is really Hector's, who can duplicate any of their voices perfectly. Benson is apparently dead as Hector is now wearing his decapitated head as a hat. Hector knocks both Alex and Adam out and when Adam awakes back in his quarters he realizes that he has been fitted with a communications port on the back of his neck and that Hector has been probing his mind. Hector, using Benson's voice, announces that he is now running things and giving assignments. He orders Adam and Alex to come to the lab to clean it up. Adam sends Alex along and stops on the way to secret two explosive canisters and a detonator under his jacket. When he reaches the lab he challenges Hector for control of the station. When the robot comes after him he pushes both Hector and himself through the hole in the floor into the pond and detonates the charges killing himself and destroying the robot. In the final scene we see Alex on board a shuttle as it approaches Earth. She looks out the window knowing she is finally getting a chance to satisfy her curiosity about humanity's home planet.
tt0082146
Comedy,Romance
The movie opens with the 'Hostile' Tribe, led by Tonda (John Matuszak), who is the largest and strongest, therefore the Alpha male, all foraging for food. We then see the Omega male, Atouk (Ringo Starr), the smallest and least powerful, being pushed and bullied from tree to tree as he tries to find some food for himself. He is about to grab a small lizard when he sees a shadow behind him-- a much bigger lizard-- a dinosaur. He runs back, shouting to his tribe about the attack. They scatter and climb trees, trying to get away. The dinosaur pushes one tree and knocks it over, dislodging the cavemen at the top. It grabs one of the cavemen, Noota, by the leg and drags him off to make a meal of him. The cavemen regroup, all blaming Atouk for the loss of Noota and there being no more food to bring home to their cave. As they start to head back, Atouk notices his friend Lar (Dennis Quaid), who tried to fight the dinosaur by jumping on its tail, has twisted his leg and injured it when the dinosaur threw him off. The tribe's Beta male, Ock (Avery Schreiber) notices Atouk helping Lar develop a limping walk and alerts Tonda. Ock and Tonda quickly deduce Lar is "Pooka" (hurt or 'broken') and drag Atouk away, essentially abandoning Lar. The tribe arrives back at its cave where Ock tells the cavewomen about the dinosaur attack and the loss of Noota, which Noota's mate takes pretty hard. Ock reminds them all that it's Atouk's fault that Noota is gone and the tribe could not bring back any food. Atouk dejectedly sits by his corner of the cave where he's made drawings. He picks up a roughly circular flat stone that has gotten a stick pushed through a hole in its center. Atouk twirls the stone around (a reference to the wheel) and tosses it aside. He pulls a small fruit from a hidden niche, and is about to eat it, when he notices Tonda's mate, Lana (Barbara Bach), the most beautiful of the cavewomen, and who Atouk is secretly in love with. Lana is dejected because she is hungry and the tribe had no food to bring back. Atouk gives Lana the fruit. She is grateful for the fruit, but Atouk is upset when she gives it to Tonda. Later the tribe's men are out gathering more food. They come across a tree laden with berries that they find suspicious. They grab Atouk to use as a taste-tester. As he eats one of the berries he finds that it is making him euphoric and sleepy. Before he passes out, he secretes a couple of the berries in his clothing. The cavemen see Atouk pass out, decide the berries are not suitable as food, and pick Atouk up and drag him back to the tribe's cave. Back at the cave, Atouk takes another fruit out of his hidden cache. He pulls off the top and scoops out the inside, filling it with the small berries that put him to sleep. He presents the fruit as another offering to Lana, figuring that she will give it to Tonda, and Tonda will fall asleep, and then Atouk can make a move on Lana. But when Atouk's back is turned, Lana also eats some of the fruit and both she and Tonda fall deeply asleep. Late at night, Atouk tries to carry Lana off to make love to her, but her body is too rigid. Finally he simply puts an arm around her and falls asleep. As dawn starts to rise, Tonda turns over and cuddles what he thinks is Lana. Atouk tries to get away but Tonda's strength is too strong. Tonda gradually awakens and realizes what Atouk was up to. Furious, he chases Atouk out of the cave, essentially banishing him from the 'Hostile' tribe. Atouk wanders off alone into the wilderness, but finds a set of footprints... a single foot making tracks heading off. He realizes this must be Lar and rushes in the direction of the tracks. He finds Lar and calls out to him. Atouk copies Lar's limping hop as they rush toward each other to hug. The force of the hug straightens out their arched spines, making them able to stand straighter, taller... and Lar can walk normally again without limping. That night, Atouk is still mooning over Lana, drawing a little stick figure with enormous breasts in the dirt. However, Lar, with a combination of drawing (a stick figure with an enormous nose, representing Atouk) and gestures (his fist, representing Tonda), reminds him that Tonda is too strong. After they go to sleep, an enormous prehistoric insect lands in Lar's face. Atouk wakes up and smashes the insect on his friend's head and simply goes back to sleep. Atouk and Lar are passing by a tar pit when they find a young blonde woman (Shelley Long) leading an old man (Jack Gilford) who walks with the aid of a stick. She tries to turn him away from the tar, but soon as she turns back around he steps forward again and starts to sink into the tar. Atouk and Lar scramble to rescue him. Atouk and Lar introduce themselves, and the women introduces herself-- Tala-- and the old man-- Gog. Tala shows that Gog is 'pooka' (specifically, he is blind). Atouk and Lar straighten Gog's and Tala's spines out. Tala keeps turning back to face Atouk every time he tries to turn her back to him so he can straighten her spine. finally he grabs her face to face for a bear hug that straightens her posture. Right away she looks at him in a way that shows she likes him. Gog gets separated from the three after they bathe in a large river to wash off the tar. Gog bumps into what he thinks is a cliff, but feeling it with his hands, sees it is softer and smoother than rock. The camera pans out to show that Gog is masturbating a large tyrannosaur-like dinosaur. Puzzled, he whacks the 'cliff' with his walking stick, essentially bashing the dinosaur in the nuts. It roars in pain and Atouk, Lar and Tala realize a macha is nearby. It turns and spots them, chasing them along a cliff and cornering them on a ledge. As it closes in, Atouk struggles to lift a large tree branch. The point sticks in the dinosaur's chest, and halts its attack. Gog finds his way back to them and they celebrate their escape, Tala hugging Atouk repeatedly. Lar notices and thinks that Tala should be Atouk's girlfriend. Tala seems to like the idea, but Atouk reminds him that he is in love with Lana. His victory over the dinosaur makes Atouk think he can now fight Tonda. He grabs Gog's stick and sets off for the Hostile Tribe cave... Tala repeating Lana's name in a tone that hints at jealousy. Atouk goes to the cave to confront Tonda. Noota's widow bluntly tells Atouk that the tribe's men have gone out to gather more food. Atouk asks about Lana and Noota's widow silently gestures toward her. Lana is impressed at Atouk's straighter posture and greater height. But Tonda and the tribe's men return, and suddenly Atouk's resolve breaks and he sneaks out of the cave through another opening as the tribe's men enter. Outside, Tala smugly mocks Atouk, but he quiets her down. Late at night, Atouk and Lar sneak into the cave to kidnap Lana. They pick her up and Atouk presses his hand tightly over Lana's mouth to keep her from screaming. As Atouk and Lar exit the cave, however, a jealous Tala grabs Atouk's hand and pulls it away from Lana's mouth. Right away Lana begins to scream for help. Tonda awakens and chases Atouk away again. Atouk, Lar, Tala and Gog are sleeping near a small cave when another caveman comes up and looks at them. Seeing them awake, he dashes into the small cave. Atouk awakens and realizes the caveman was there. He goes to the cave entrance and calls him out, saying he is a friend. The other caveman sticks his hand out and he and Atouk give a friend's handshake. The man, Folg, exits the cave, accompanied by his family. Gog and Tala discover a melon vine right nearby... but the quadrupedal dinosaur is munching on the melons. It spots Tala and starts to move toward all of the cavepeople. Gog, not yet realizing the 'macha' is there, tries to give the melon in his hands to Atouk. As the dinosaur advances, Atouk throws the melon at it-- and it sticks right onto the horn atop the dinosaur's nose. The melon interferes with the dinosaur's vision and it cannot shake the melon off. Frustrated and its vision crossed and unsteady, the dinosaur stumbles off as the new Misfit Tribe celebrates. Lar straightens out the spines of Folg and his family and they all head off again. A rainstorm breaks out that night, and the Misfits seek shelter inside the hollow of a large tree. Lightning breaks off a large piece of tree branch and it falls to the ground, burning. The Misfits, curious, step toward the burning branch and finds that the fire warms and comforts them, though Atouk discovers if he touches the fire, it hurts ('pooka,' he tells them). Atouk names the fire 'haraka.' Other eyes are watching the Misfits. Atouk and Lar realize they are being watched and call out, "Bobo.' The newcomers come out of hiding and more introductions are made-- the newcomers include Bork and Kalta, the leaders; a dwarf named Ta, a man named Nook who carries an iguana, and two men, Ruck and Flok, who are same-sex lovers. An amusing dialogue follows with Nook (who speaks perfect modern English, the only character in the movie that does so), translating the various 'caveman words.' Bork and Kalta argue over a large birdlike creature they've killed. Remembering seeing Tonda breaking a huge haunch of meat in half, Atouk tries to settle the argument by breaking the bird in half. Struggling with the bird, he winds up holding it over the fire. The fire begins to cook the bird and everyone starts sniffing the air, noticing the wonderful smell. The newly expanded tribe enjoys a hearty meal around a campfire. Ta drinks from a gourd and sighs with satisfaction, inadvertently blowing into the gourd. The air makes a pleasant-sounding noise that amuses the tribe. Ta starts to blow into the gourd with a steady rhythm. The tribe members quickly pick up bone pieces and stones, picking out a musical tune and creating man's first band session, jamming into the night. Morning comes, and the tyrannosaur comes across the sleeping Misfit tribe. It advances, looking for a meal of its own. As the tribe scatters, Atouk spots the smoldering campfire and calls out to the dinosaur, "Macha! Macha!" The dinosaur rushes toward Atouk and steps right onto the campfire. We see the dinosaur begin to sniff the air, and suddenly begins to howl in pain as it realizes its foot is burning. It rushes off, leaving the tribe safe and triumphant over another dinosaur attack. The tribe realizes they're out of food. Atouk gathers the tribe's men and they go off to hunt and forage. The wilderness is largely barren (apart from a large muddy spot which amusingly turns out to be dinosaur poop!), and the tribesmen begin to notice Nook's iguana. They are starting to consider grabbing it and making a meal of it when Nook holds it protectively and shows the tribe what the iguana can do... he sets it on the ground and it 'points' toward a large pterodactyl egg. The Misfits begin to carry the egg back to their camp. The egg is heavy and the Misfits must put it down to rest a bit. Suddenly Tonda arrives, leading the Hostile tribe as they are also out looking for food. They see the egg and move toward it. As they begin to circle around the egg, Tonda spots Atouk and an amusing chase begins around the egg, until the Misfits give the Hostiles the slip and hide behind a rock. The Hostiles begin carrying off the egg, but the pterodactyl arrives and dives at them, trying to recover it. Trying to escape, the Hostiles accidentally drop the egg off of a cliff, where it falls into a small hot spring and breaks open. The Hostiles think the egg is ruined and slink off, while it cooks on top of the spring, resembling a sunnyside-up egg. The Misfits find their way to the egg and find that the hot spring has cooked it to perfection-- it is not ruined but delicious. They gather up the egg in chunks and bring it back to their camp. The Misfits are about to enjoy another meal when Tonda and the Hostiles find their way to the Misfits camp and try to raid it. The Misfits grab sticks and make torches, using them to keep the Hostiles at bay. Grot and Ock are singed (one in front and the other behind) but the Hostiles manage to grab a few of the torches as they beat a retreat. Back at the Hostiles cave, the men show the fire to the women-- now they have fire as well. Ock recites the story of how they stole the fire from Lar and Atouk and the Misfits. As the tribe begins to carry on its business, Tonda looks around, putting his hands on his hips. Tonda shows he is not as dumb as he is strong, after all-- he calls Ock over and straightens out his spine. He does the same for Ock's mate, and then Lana. The Hostiles are impressed at how they are suddenly standing taller and straighter. Finally it is Tonda's turn, but his arched spine is so stiff, that it takes all of the tribe's men in a huge dogpile to straighten his spine out. Tonda sighs with relief and pleasure as his spine finally aligns. He stands up, now much taller and straighter, and smiles proudly as the tribe cheers. The Misfits note that their fire is gone. Atouk realizes Tonda and the Hostiles have it, and organizes a party to steal it back. They sneak into the Hostiles cave, discovering it empty, and take back their fire, putting out the remnants. The entire Hostiles tribe, women as well as men, are gathering fish from a river (the men are using the women as fish-grabbers). A crab grabs Tonda's nose in its claw, distracting him and causing him to let go of Lana, who suddenly gets swept off in the river's current. Atouk and Lar, who had lagged behind from their tribe's recovering their fire, spot Lana being swept downstream. They manage to rescue her, but then Lar falls in and is swept off, disappearing. Atouk cannot save Lar and turns back to Lana. Despite her haughty nature, Lana seems temporarily saddened at the apparent loss of Lar, understanding he helped save her life. Atouk brings Lana back to the Misfit camp. Much of the tribe begins to dote on the new arrival-- except of course for Tala, who recognizes Lana and glares jealously at her from a little further back, where Gog, understanding that Tonda's mate is in the camp, stands by surprised. The tribe asks where Lar is, and Atouk tries to explain that he is gone. But the tribe's men refuse to accept this, and finally Atouk organizes the men to take up torches and form a search party. Lana plays up to Atouk, acting like she now loves him, and he is reluctant to leave her side, but the tribesmen make him come along to search for Lar. Tala glares at Lana and then her face lights up with an idea, and she rushes off. The Misfits find Lar frozen alive in ice in a distant ice cave. They melt the ice with the fire and thaw Lar out-- and find out he was fleeing an abominable snowman, also frozen in the ice. The fire thaws out the abominable snowman too and it chases them around the cave in another amusing chase sequence before they give him the slip. Meanwhile, Tala has gone to the Hostiles cave where she sees Tonda in the process of choosing a new mate. Tala interrupts the process and explains to Tonda that Lana is alive. She urges him to follow her, gesturing that she'll lead him to Lana. Tonda is disbelieving at first but then orders the tribesmen to come along and follow Tala. However, Tala finds to her horror and dismay that her plan to get rid of Lana tragically backfires as the Hostiles begin to carry off the Misfits tribeswomen. She jumps on Ock's back, but he catches her easily and begins to carry her off as well. The Misfits men arrive back at camp, finding Gog alone. Gog had smelled Tonda and recognized his scent, and tells Atouk and Lar that Tonda is responsible for seizing all the Misfits women. Incensed, Lar grabs up a stick and starts to rush off, but Atouk stops him. suddenly he picks up a stick and a bone, showing them to the tribe. We see the Misfits quickly fashioning weapons from sticks and bones, and armor from bone pieces. Atouk develops a sling and a rudimentary catapult. He also sets a line of melons filled with the sleep-inducing berries, and calls out to the quadrupedal dinosaur, who begins munching on them. The Misfits having finished crafting their armor and weapons, march off to war. They use the catapult to launch a nervous Ta up to the top of the Hostiles cave. There he quickly uses two rocks to ignite a tumbleweed and drop it into the cave. The smell and smoke forces the Hostiles men out, where they find Atouk challenging Tonda. Quickly the Misifits rush out and the men of both tribes begin battle. Atouk jabs Tonda in the stomach with his weapon but then suddenly rushes off. The battle goes back and forth until the armor and weapons made by the Misfits begins to win out. Suddenly Atouk's shout is heard and everyone turns to see him riding atop the quadrupedal dinosaur. Tonda sends several Hostiles to rush at Atouk, but using his weapon and maneuvering the dinosaur mount to use its spiked tail, he defeats them all. Finally Tonda rushes forward himself. He manages to move around the dinosaur and grab Atouk, throwing him to the ground. He starts to soccer-ball kick Atouk up and down the battlefield. Lana suddenly rushes forward and adds a kick of her own, but Tala then comes up behind Lana and taps her on the shoulder, and then bashes her across the face. Atouk manages to grab a bone and whack Tonda across the forehead. He snatches up a large bone carapace used as a shield by one of the Misfits and bashes Tonda with it. Finally he uses the sling, throwing a stone that hits Tonda in the head and knocks him down. Atouk jumps onto Tonda's chest, jumping up and down and stomping on him until everyone sees that Tonda is subdued and barely conscious. Atouk declares Tonda unseated and himself the victor, and everyone shouts his name, even the Hostiles acknowledging Atouk as the winner and the new leader of the now-unified tribe. Lana wastes no time sauntering suggestively up to Atouk, and he smiles as he takes her hand. Lana makes a smug face at Tala as Atouk leads Lana off. Tala begins to cry as Atouk leads Lana up the rock face to stand with her in front of the cave's entrance. He picks Lana up as all the tribespeople begin to cheer... except of course for Tala, who cries dejectedly on Gog's shoulder. But suddenly Atouk turns to one side and drops Lana off the rock face into a pile of dinosaur dung. He brushes his hands off against the other as the tribespeople shake their heads at Lana's appalling fate. Lana squirms and flounders around in the dung, grunting and crying out loudly in dismay. Atouk turns and looks at Tala, who stands with a shocked but elated look. Slowly Atouk makes his way to her, and she smiles. He leads her up to the cave entrance and presents Tala as his mate and the new Alpha female as the tribespeople cheer. Tala elatedly hugs Atouk (sorry folks, no kissing in this movie, it's rated PG...also, they haven't invented kissing yet!), and the tribespeople all enter the cave to resume life... with Atouk and Tala as the Alpha pair, and Tonda and Lana relegated down to the Omega pair. The screen goes black and a caption reads, "And they lived happily ever after," before the credits begin to roll.
tt0091578
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Omar Ali is a young man living in 1980s London. His father, Hussein, is a Pakistani journalist who lives in London but hates Britain and its international politics. His dissatisfaction with the world and a family tragedy has caused his alcoholism to take over, so that Omar has to take care of him. By contrast, Omar's paternal uncle Nasser is a successful entrepreneur and an active member of the London Pakistani community. Omar's father asks his uncle to give him a job and, after working for a brief time as a car washer in one of his uncle's garages, he is assigned the task of running a run-down laundrette and turning it into a profitable business. At Nasser's, Omar meets a few other members of the Pakistani community: Tania, Nasser's daughter and possibly a future bride; and Salim, who trafficks drugs and hires him to deliver them from the airport. While driving Salim and his wife home that night, the three of them get attacked by a group of right-wing extremists shouting racist slogans. Among them but not taking part, Omar recognises an old friend of his, Johnny. Omar tries to reestablish their past friendship, and Johnny decides to help with the laundrette and they resume a romantic relationship which (it is implied) had been interrupted after school. Running out of money, Omar and Johnny sell one of Salim's drug deliveries to make cash for the laundrette redecoration. The laundrette becomes a success. At the opening day, Nasser visits the store with his mistress, Rachel. They dance together in the laundrette while Omar and Johnny are having sex in the back room. Omar and Johnny are almost caught by Nasser, but Omar claims they were sleeping. Tania confronts Rachel about having an affair with her father, Nasser. Nasser and Rachel leave the laundrette and fight in the road; Rachel storms off because she feels humiliated by Tania and her presence. Later in the film, she falls ill with a skin rash apparently caused by a ritual curse from Nasser's wife, and Rachel decides it is the best for the both of them if she leaves him. Omar, while drunk, proposes to Tania. She agrees on the condition that Omar gathers money. Johnny is told about Omar's potential engagement and goes home to get drunk, but Omar finds him and tells him to get back to work. Omar's father stops by late in the night, and appeals to Johnny to persuade Omar to go to college because he is unhappy with his son running a laundrette. Omar decides to take over two laundrettes owned by a friend of Nasser, with the help of Salim. Salim drives Johnny and Omar to view one of the properties, and he expresses his dislike of the British non-working punks (Johnny's friends). Salim attempts to run over the group of punks who had previously attacked Omar's car and injures one of them. The group of working class punks decides to wait for Salim around the laundrette. While the punks circle the laundrette, Tania drops by and tells Johnny she is leaving and asks if he will come with her. He refuses Tania by revealing his relationship with Omar, and she departs. When Salim enters the laundrette, the punks trash his car. Upon noticing their destruction, he runs out of the laundrette and is then ambushed and attacked. He is beaten and bloodied while Johnny watches from the window until he decides to save him, despite their mutual dislike. The punks turn their attention to attacking Johnny instead for supporting the Pakistani community, and as he refuses to fight back, they beat him savagely until Omar interrupts and saves him. The film cuts to Nasser visiting Omar's father, and their discussion about Omar's future. Nasser sees Tania at a train platform while she is running away, and he shouts to her but she disappears. Omar proceeds to clean up Johnny's wounds, but Johnny is still agitated from the fight and becomes frustrated with his playful affection and lack of seriousness. He lashes out at Omar, insisting he needs to go and telling him to stop touching him. Johnny walks to the window and stares outside in silence as Omar comes up behind him and kisses the back of his neck. The film ends with them both topless and playfully splashing each other with water from a sink, showing that they are continuing their relationship together.
tt0091630
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
In 1959, on board a space ship, two aliens race to keep an experiment from being released by a third member of the crew. The seemingly possessed third alien shoots the canister into space where it crashes to Earth. Nearby, a college man takes his date to a parking spot when they see a falling star and investigate. Unfortunately, it lands in the path of an escaped criminally insane mental patient. As his date is attacked by the axe-wielding maniac, the boy finds the canister, from which a small leech-like thing jumps out and into his mouth. 28 years later, Chris Romero is pining over a love lost, being supported by his handicapped friend J.C. During pledge week at Corman University, Chris spots a girl, Cynthia Cronenberg, and seems to fall instantly in love. To get her attention, he decides that he must join a fraternity. As a part of their pledge (although the frat leader who is dating Cynthia has no intentions of letting them join), they must steal a cadaver from the university medical center and place it on the steps of the Phi Omega Gamma house. Chris and J.C. find one in a top secret room that is being kept in a state of suspended animation, but when it grabs one of their arms as they try to move it, they lose their nerve and run back to their dorm room. Meanwhile, Detective Ray Cameron, a cop that dated the girl killed back in 1959 and is haunted by the memories of what he found that night, is called in to the cryogenics lab break-in where there were two bodies, but one is now missing. The missing body is the one released from its cryogenics tomb - the same boy who found the alien experiment back in 1959. This missing body makes its way back to the same sorority house where he picked up his date 27 years earlier. The walking corpse comes to Cynthia's window where his head splits open and more of the leech creatures fall out and slither across the ground. Called to the scene, Ray finds the body with a large open wound in the face, similar to one that could have been made by an axe. The next day, Chris and J.C. are confronted by the frat brothers, upset over the fact that they believe they are responsible for the previous night's incident. After surviving their encounter, they are then taken in for questioning by the police. Based on the testimony of a janitor that witnessed them running out of university medical center, "screaming like banshees," they confess to breaking in, but deny taking the corpse out. That night, the attendant found dead gets up from his slab and runs into the same janitor. After the dead and buried cat of one of the sorority sisters comes back, Cynthia confesses it to Chris and J.C. and goes on about the dead body found at the sorority house. Although both are skeptical of her story about them being zombies, J.C. sees that she is leaning on Chris' shoulder, and leaves the two alone to go to the bathroom, where the now-possessed janitor enters and lets loose more of the slugs. As Chris walks Cynthia back to the sorority house, he runs into Cameron who has overheard the entire story. Back at Ray's home, the two talk about their high school sweethearts. Ray's story is more elaborate as he goes on about how they broke up and he became a cop and how he was called out to the site where she had been hacked up by a lunatic. He goes on to tell of how he tracked down the escaped patient, killed him and buried him in the same spot on which the House Mother's cottage now sits. Just then, Ray gets a call where the House Mother has been hacked up to death by the axe-wielding corpse that broke in through the floor. The killer is finally tracked down and cornered by the police, but numerous gunshots have no effect. Cameron then takes his shotgun and blows its head off, which releases more of the little creeps. The next night, everyone is getting ready for the formal when Chris notices a tape recorder on which J.C. has recorded a posthumous message to his friend, telling him that one of the things has incubated in his brain and that he had discovered, after lighting one with a match, that heat can destroy them. Chris then runs into the boiler room, where his friend has told him he was headed in an attempt to kill those inside him. Chris then shows up at Ray's place, which Ray has sealed up, and he fills him in. After grabbing his gun and turning off the gas, he takes Chris to a police armory to get a flamethrower. They come to the sorority house just as Cynthia is breaking up with Brad who has become possessed. After killing him, the Delta fraternity brothers show up - despite having been killed in a bus crash. While Chris and Cynthia team up with shotgun and flamethrower to destroy the dead outside, Cameron does likewise inside. After stopping the horde, Chris spots more slugs racing across the ground that are headed into the house's basement. Cynthia remembers that this is where specimen brains are being kept. When they go down below, they find Cameron, tape across his mouth, prepping a can of gasoline. They also find the creatures gathered in a huge swarm in the corner. Cameron begins counting down as he splashes gasoline everywhere. Cynthia and Chris turn and run out of the house, counting down in sync with Cameron. Cameron fills the basement with gas and just as some of the parasites leap at him, he flicks his lighter and the house goes up in a fiery explosion. Watching the sorority house burn, Chris and Cynthia share a kiss. The scene ends when the dog that caused the bus accident returns, opens its mouth, and a slug jumps out.
tt0085542
Animation,Fantasy,Adventure
The evil ice lord Nekron and his mother Juliana seek to conquer the known world, ravaging the land and all people in their way with their ice glacier as they approach Fire Keep, a volcanic kingdom and the last stronghold against them. Juliana's sub-human ape men kidnap King Jarol's daughter, the beautiful virgin Princess Teegra, prompting the young warrior Larn, last a tribe killed by Nekron and his forces, to go on a desperate quest for her. Larn's only ally is the mysterious warrior Darkwolf.
tt0469429
Comedy,Family,Romance
15-year-old female soccer prodigy Sara Davis (Leah Pipes) has the chance to join the U.S. National Team, but she must find a balance with high school, romance, sports, and parental pressure while realizing her own priorities. High school life is crazy enough, but for Sara, it's about to escalate. A national calibre soccer prospect with skills honed by her father Gil (Scott Patterson), a women's soccer coach, Sara has sacrificed her interest in dance, photography and of course boys to concentrate on her sport. With the encouragement of best friend Tutti (Lalaine), Sara begins a growing relationship with Josh (Drew Bell), the cute but shy photographer on the school newspaper, and learns more about herself each day. As National Team scouts watch her every shot, Sara faces the challenge of discovering her true self, so she can make the best move of her life.
tt0804507
Drama,Horror,Thriller
The film begins with members of the Catholic Church digging up the body of a 19th century church official, whose casket has a box-shaped urn chained to it. Inside the box they discover artifacts belonging to Mater Lachrymarum (Moran Atias), the last surviving member of the Three Mothers; an ancient trio of powerful black witches. In particular, the box contains a magic cloak that, when worn by Mater Lachrymarum, increases her powers significantly. The urn is shipped to the Museum of Ancient Art in Rome, where Sarah Mandy (Asia Argento), an Italian-American studying art restoration works. Sarah is dating the curator Michael Pierce (Adam James), a single father who is away from the museum that night. With help from the assistant curator Giselle (Coralina Cataldi-Tassoni), Sarah opens the box and finds the cloak, a dagger, and three statues representing the three witches. Sending Sarah to her office to retrieve tools to help her translate the text on the artifacts, Giselle is promptly attacked by the demonic agents of Mater Lachrymarum. Sarah arrives too late to save Giselle (who is being disembowelled by the monsters) and starts to flee the museum. Unfortunately, she is pursued by Mater Lachrymarum's familiar (a baboon) and is only able to escape when a disembodied voice magically throws open a series of locked doors keeping her trapped inside the museum. Sarah tells the police what happened as she spends the night with Michael and his son. Michael visits the Cardinal who sent him the urn only to find out that, shortly after mailing the urn to him, he had a severe stroke and is now in a coma. An assistant of the priest gives Michael a piece of paper, which the Cardinal was writing on before collapsing. On it is scrawled the name "Mater Lachrymarum". As he leaves the hospital, a pair of witches observe Michael leaving the building. Back in Rome, chaos descends as a wave of mass suicides, murder, and violence engulfs the city. Sarah continues her own research only to be summoned by Michael to his apartment. The witches have kidnapped his young son and won't return the boy to him unless he stops his investigation. Sarah begs him to call the police (who are tailing Sarah, ever since the murder at the museum) but Michael refuses to and instead opts to visit a local priest (Udo Kier) who is a trained exorcist. This goes badly for Michael; the two witches see him and he is soon captured and murdered, along with his son, whose body is cannibalized by the rapidly-expanding coven. However, before he is killed, Michael calls Sarah and begs for her to come and help him. As Sarah makes her way through a crowded train station, Sarah is spotted by a gang of witches who, like so many other witches, have arrived in Rome from all over the world in order to pledge their loyalty to Mater Lachrymarum. Pursued by the witches and the police, the disembodied voice from before instructs Sarah on how to magically make herself invisible. She uses this to avoid the police detective, though she is forced to kill a Japanese witch (Jun Ichikawa) who catches and corners her on the train. At the priest's home, Sarah meets Marta (Valeria Cavalli), a fellow white witch and friend of Sarah's deceased mother Elisa (Daria Nicolodi). Realizing that Sarah's mother is the voice guiding her, Marta reveals details to Sarah about her parents. Her mother was a powerful white witch who dared to challenge and severely wound Mater Suspiriorum, the eldest and wisest of the Three Mothers (a reference to 'Suspria'). In response to this, Suspiriorum (known by her alias as Elena Markos) caused the fatal car crash that killed Sarah's parents. Though Mater Suspiriorum and her sister Mater Tenebrarum are now dead, their sibling Mater Lachrymarum has emerged from the shadows to bring about the second age of magic, with the fall of Rome as her coming out party. They talk to the priest, only for him to be killed before he can give the two a copy of a book that would explain Mater Lachrymarum's backstory to them by a patient of his. Escaping back to the city, Sarah goes to her own home but finds Mater Lachrymarum's goons waiting for her. She heads to Marta's house, but once again Mater Lachrymarum's minions strike and Marta and her lesbian lover are murdered. Fleeing, Sarah spots Michael, who takes her back to his apartment. Unfortunately, Sarah soon realizes that Michael is dead and that Mater Lachrymarum is animating his body in an attempt to kill her. As she burns her lover's still-animate body, the ghost of her mother intervenes one final time to grab Michael and banish him (and possibly herself) to Hell. Out of options, Sarah locates a powerful alchemist, who Marta mentioned as her only hope to learn how to fight Mater Lachrymarum. After being briefly paralyzed by the alchemist (so that he could perform a test on her to see if she was a white witch or an evil witch), the alchemist gives Sarah the only help he has in locating Mater Lachrymarum's dwelling. Sarah is given a copy of "The Three Mothers" to read (a reference to the previous movie 'Inferno'), and from this (and from following a group of witches) Sarah finds Mater Lachrymarum's lair; a now run-down and disrepaired mansion. At this point, Sarah is joined by one of the police detectives hunting (whom think she has something to do with the recent murders in Rome) her and the two go into the catacombs under the house to find Mater Lachrymarum. However, the two become separated, and the detective is tortured alongside the alchemist and his assistant, who dies after his arm is chopped off by one of Mater Lachrymarum's minions. Sarah is caught and brought before Mater Lachrymarum, who offers Sarah up to her cannibal followers but makes the mistake of removing her cloak. Sarah, having healed the detective's wounds, grabs the cloak and tosses it into a nearby fire. This causes the mansion to collapse as a pillar falls and impales Mater Lachrymarum. With the Mother's followers crushed as the caves collapses, Sarah and the detective manage to escape from the catacombs and as they reach the surface, the both laugh in horror and shock, as they realize that the threat of the Three Mothers has been defeated once and for all.
tt0119273
Animation,Action,Adventure
In ages past, a malevolent race called the Arakacians discovered a place where space-time leaked a type of fluid. This fluid granted immortality to anyone who consumed it. The Arakacians built an empire and enslaved the known universe for centuries; they were unstoppable. The Arakacians were finally vanquished after the fountain chamber (where they gathered the water of life) was sealed by freedom fighters. The key to the chamber, a glowing crystal that will lead the bearer back to the fountain, but would drive anyone who possessed it insane, was cast into space and lost among the stars. In a present-day asteroid excavation, space miner Tyler and his colleague found the key by accident. Tyler touches the key to the fountain chamber and instantly goes insane. Tyler kills his mining partner, and takes over the ship, killing most of the resisting crew, except for Dr. Schechter, and the pilots Lambert and Germain. His search for the planet with the fountain leads to Eden, a planet that is designated F.A.K.K. 2 (Federation-Assigned-Ketogenic-Killzone to the second level), but has inhabitants whose bodies carry the immortal fluid. Tyler invades Eden, and kills many of the Edenites, capturing some so he can extract the immortal fluids from their bodies. He also keeps the attractive Kerrie for his own sexual purposes. When Germain resists the idea, he is abandoned on Earth. Kerrie's beautiful sister Julie, who survived the attack, finds Germain and they team up to follow Tyler. At a renegade space station, Julie finds Tyler at a restaurant and critically injures him. However, he ingest a vial of the immortality serum and heals instantly. In the ensuing gunfight, Tyler blows up the club. Julie escapes the explosion; she and Germain board a shuttle-craft that latches onto Tyler's ship with a tractor beam before it jumps into hyperspace. Discovering them mid-travel, Tyler tries to shake them off, but the fight causes the hyperspace to collapse and the two ships to crash. Julie wakes up on the desert planet called Oroboris, and meets a mysterious cloaked sage named Odin and his assistant, Zeek, a rock-like creature, both of whom are guardians of the ancient fountain. Elsewhere, Tyler's ship has been destroyed and most of its crew and abductees are dead. Tyler order Dr. Schechter to extract Kerrie's fluids. He explores the planet and finds a race of reptilian beings, which he conquers by defeating their champion and then their leader in a death match. Julie enters the reptilian city in disguise as a woman that the reptiles found for Tyler. That night, she seduces Tyler, but when she tries to kill him, Zeek captures her and takes her back to Odin. Julie infiltrates Tyler's ship where she discovers Kerrie is still alive. She takes out Dr. Schechter, frees Kerrie, and escapes as the complex explodes. As a result, Tyler vows to make Julie immortal so he can "screw her and kill her every hour and every day for all eternity". With only three vials of serum, he orders his troops to storm the citadel where the immortality fountain is located. At the citadel, Julie undergoes a ritual where she is outfitted in armor. She, Kerrie and Germain help the fountain's guardians defend against Tyler's army. In the fighting, Lambert suffers a near-fatal injury and while reaching Tyler's last vial of immortality serum, he knock it loose from Tyler's belt and it breaks on the ground. Enraged, Tyler kills Lambert for this blunder. Tyler then walks to the pit of immortality and is about to put the crystal into the fountain's final lock but is stopped by Julie. She stabs Tyler in the left eye before he is able to put the crystal in the lock. A fight ensues, but Tyler appears to have the advantage, until Odin intervenes, which allows Julie to finally kill Tyler. Throwing off his cloak, Odin reveals himself to be the last of the Arakacians. He has been in hiding all these centuries, waiting for someone to find the chamber key and be drawn to the fountain. He intends to claim it as his own and reestablish the Arakacian empire. However, Zeek pulls the crystal key from the pedestal, locking Odin inside the fountain chamber forever, and flies into outer space. As Germain and Kerrie help Julie to her feet, Zeek envelops the crystal into himself and becomes a new asteroid to hide the key forever.
tt0215545
Comedy,Drama,Music
In a New York City residence, Pierre Delacroix (Damon Wayans) rises to begin his daily routine. Brushing his teeth, he gives us by voice over a definition of satire. He tells us with the rise of the Internet, video and interactive games, his field as a television writer has seen a drop in popularity. Meanwhile, in a dilapidated building, squatter Womack (Tommy Davidson) wakes up his friend Manray (Savion Glover) for a day of work. This consists of travelling to the CNS (Continental Network System) building where Delacroix works, and Manray tap dancing to entertain the workers. They then collect money from the workers. The men see Delacroix walk by, and ask him for monetary help in the form of work of some kind. Delacroix walks into a staff meeting late and is immediately castigated by his boss, Thomas Dunwitty (Michael Rapaport). Dunwitty informs the staff that CNS has poor ratings. He says he wants them to write funnier material, and ends the meeting. In the privacy of his office, Dunwitty tells Delacroix that the material Delacroix's been writing for him seems like it's about white people with black faces. Dunwitty asserts that Delacroix is an "oreo" with his Harvard education, because he won't write a "n----r show." The next day, Delacroix and his assistant Sloan Hopkins (Jada Pinkett Smith) talk. They've decided Manray is the solution to his problem. Delacroix plans to write a show that will be so "offensive and racist," it will prove his point that the network only wants to see black buffoons on the air. Delacroix simply hopes to be fired so he can be let go of his contract with CNS. Manray and Womack ask at the receptionist's desk for a "Delapoint" and the men working there tell them to step outside. However, Sloan steps into the lobby, sees what's happening, and escorts Manray and Womack to Delacroix's office. Delacroix explains to them that he has an idea for a television pilot, and they can make money with it. His main request is that Manray changes his name to Mantan, in an apparent homage to black character actor Mantan Moreland. On Sloan's walk home, she runs into her big brother Big Blak Afrika F/K/A Julius (Yasiin Bey). In Sloan's apartment, Julius and Sloan argue about his values, and he tells her to introduce him and his political hip-hop crew, the Mau Maus, to Delacroix. Delacroix has another meeting with Dunwitty. Delacroix proposes that the network start a variety show called "Mantan: The New Millenium Minstrel Show." Delacroix says that new faces are needed for the show, and has Sloan bring in Manray and Womack. The two men, respectively renamed "Mantan" and "Sleep'n Eat," will exhibit a range of stereotypical traits, Delacroix explains. Sloan is opposed to the proceedings, and suggests that there will be protest of the show they are planning. To seal the package, Manray dances atop a table in front of Dunwitty -- who immediately leaves to try to sell the show's concept to his executive bosses. Delacroix, Sloan and another woman hold auditions for the show. The first group of people (The Roots) audition to be the show's house band, The Alabama Porch Monkeys. After they perform, a dancer, a vulgar man shouting "I be smackin' my hoes," and a didgeridoo player all audition. The next hopeful is Honeycutt (Thomas Jefferson Byrd), an actor who bungles Shakespearean quotes and proclaims "N----s is a beautiful thing." Sloan's brother's group, the Mau Maus then do a fiery, confrontational performance; Pierre states via voice over that there is no place for them in his plan. Delacroix looks over a revised script for the show and confronts Dunwitty and his co-writer, Jukka, about their alterations to it that even he finds racially offensive. Delacroix says he won't be responsible for their changes, which Dunwitty says are to make the show funnier. Dunwitty says he knows black people better than Delacroix does, telling him, "Look at all the brothers on the wall" (referring to numerous pictures of famous black men hanging up in Dunwitty's office). Dunwitty tells him not to interrupt them, and Delacroix expresses impotent rage at this before leaving. A dressed-up Honeycutt steps onto a stage and introduces himself to a TV studio audience. Backstage, Womack and Manray create blackface from burned cork, put it onto their faces, and apply fire-truck red lipstick to their mouths. Mantan, Sleep'n Eat and the Alabama Porch Monkeys are then unveiled to the audience. People in the audience are shocked and dismayed, as the two actors employ self-deprecating racial humor while Mantan tap dances. White people in the audience are mostly scared to laugh or show their enjoyment, but black people around them clap and laugh. The white people thus feel sanctioned in enjoying the show. A sign near the stage says "Howl!" and the non-black people, seeing the approving black people around them, applaud. To Delacroix's disbelief and displeasure, the CNS executives order 12 shows of "Mantan" for a mid-season replacement. As the show becomes more and more popular, sides are chosen in the resulting battle over representation, and finally, tempers fly, resulting in a tragic conclusion.
tt0462160
Horror,Thriller
As another semester draws to a close at the University of Dreyskill, a simple game dreamt to help students avoid studying becomes a bloody battle for survival in this stalk-and-slash frightener from filmmaking duo Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor. Dreyskill may have a reputation as a prestigious private school, but a group of students known as "The Crew" are sick of studying for finals and looking to have a little fun. In order to pas the time, they create a game called "75." The rules of 75 are simple: the participant in the game calls a random telephone number and attempts to scare the party on the other end of the line for 75 seconds; should the recipient of the call laugh or hang up, the player loses, and the player with the best call emerges victorious. By the time exams are over, 75 has become a popular campus pastime among all the students, and one rich classmate invites the Crew to his massive mansion in the Colorado hills for a wild weekend of partying. But when one of the Crew accidentally calls the wrong person, the once-playful scares become all too real
tt0430576
Drama,Romance
The movie portrays the fragile remains of a torture survivor, Hanna (Sarah Polley) from the war in Croatia. A burn unit nurse by training, she has gone through survival counseling at a center in Copenhagen where her torture was documented by Inge (Julie Christie), and then made her way to work in a Northern Ireland factory. She has post-traumatic stress disorder symptoms, including compulsive behavior (stacks of bars of soap), is hearing impaired (nearly deaf without a hearing aid on) and lives her life completely alone, attending to work every day, taking no sick leave or holidays. The union complains so she is directed to take a holiday. She goes to a seacoast village and overhears an oil company manager discussing the need for a live-in nurse for a burned oil platform worker on site in the North Sea. She volunteers to help, and begins to care for Josef (Tim Robbins) who is temporarily blind and has face and arm burns from fighting a rig fire. He coaxes her story of torture from her, feeling the cuts scars on her chest in a remarkably poignant moment of truth. After he is transferred to hospital, she goes back to the factory. He talks to Inge and realizes the depth of suffering and the guilt of torture victims who survive. A moving love story, beautifully done, with unforgettable character development and a happy ending.
tt0438052
Action,Sci-Fi
Genetic Scientist Christian had developed a way to cure disease, and bring on a better life for all, but his hopes dashed when the group working with him decides to weaponize his creation. Decades later Christian has escaped the scientists that aimed to destroy DNA, but the technology still made its way out, and being used by DNA hackers on a basic level have created a new kind of death. Genetic manipulation has become a crime, and with that comes a form of retaliation. Michelle is a hired killer hunting down DNA Hackers, and killing them to gain her brother, and Herself freedom from the city walls. All Michelle wants is a nice quiet life, but has a brother whom does not believe in any hope, and is looking for the fast buck, and cheat thrill. He's got his price, and the scientists hunting Christian run across him after his theft of Christians' creation. Michelle , and Jackie are drawn into this end of the road plot allowing nobody but the strong to survive. Michelle looses her love, and her family, and come to her ends the only way she could. Alone.
tt0885415
Animation,Adventure,Family
This is a movie about Niko, a reindeer boy in Lapland, who has heard that his father is one of the famous flying reindeers of Santa Claus. Niko dreams of being able to fly. His friend and mentor Julius, a squirrel, tries to keep an eye on the boy. One day Niko overhears how a pack of wolves plans to go to Santa's place on Korva-fjell and eat all the reindeers there. Niko and Julius have a near escape from the dreadful pack and are joined by Vilma, the beautiful weasel. Chased by the wolves and their leader, the gruel Black Wolf, the three manage to get to the top of the mountain, where Santa resides. The Flying reindeer squad does not believe Nikos tale about the wolves nor that he is the son of one of them. But when the wolves finally arrive, Niko proves that he is fearless and therefore able to fly. Niko meets his proud father. The wolves are beaten and Santa leaves for his big ride on Christmas eve. He invites Niko into his troops of flying reindeers, but he refuses. Family and friends comes first.
tt0367153
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
Struggling actress Daisy Rain (Sheri Moon) goes to her apartment in the Lusman Arms, a former luxury hotel undergoing renovations, and is beaten to death with a hammer by a man wearing a balaclava. In another room, new tenants Nell and Steven Barrows (Angela Bettis and Brent Roam), a teacher and a medical intern, are introduced to the amenities and a few of the residents by Byron, the building manager. As Steven works long hours, Nell is left alone most of the time, and befriends Julia Cunningham (Juliet Landau), a neighbor down the hall, and Chas Rooker (Rance Howard), an elderly man who reveals some of the history of the structure, mentioning it was made by Jack Lusman, who disappeared mysteriously, and that builders died while working on it. As days pass, the Lusman Arms are plagued by mysterious circumstance; strange noises are heard throughout it and coming from the intercoms, Nell finds a trinket containing human teeth in a wall, and Julia and another tenant vanish, having been killed (with a drill and a nail gun, respectively) by the ski masked murderer, who hides their bodies. While looking into Julia's disappearance, Nell speaks with Chas, who offers cryptic warnings about the nature of the building, and sneaks Nell a note reading "Look for her in Room 504". Nell takes the advice, and discovers that there is no Room 504, and that all the other floors lack apartments whose numbering should end with 4. Nell goes to the Los Angeles Preservation Society, where an employee tells her that Jack Lusman was an occultist who associated with a society that tried to mix science and magic, and that the symbols (which Nell copies down on her arms) decorating the building are part of a spell. The blueprints for the Lusman Arms also reveal that there is a townhouse hidden within the structure, hence all the missing rooms. Nell returns home, and finds a hatch on the roof of the building that allows entrance into the townhouse, where she uncovers a room dedicated to the Golden Age of Hollywood, torture chambers, and dozens of corpses. The killer, who had just butchered another tenant and the handyman, appears, and removes his mask to reveal that he is a monster (presumably the long-thought-dead building designer Jack Lusman), which the credits refer to as "Coffin Baby" (Chris Doyle). A teenage resident discovers that the webcam he had been using to spy on Julia had recorded her death, prompting him to go to Steven, who finds Nell's notes about the building, and goes looking for her along with the boy, Byron (Greg Travis), and the doorman. The men send the teen to get the police after they find a passageway into Coffin Baby's lair, which they enter. Coffin Baby kills Byron and the doorman, and gives chase to Nell and Steven, the former of whom theorizes that Coffin Baby needs death and the Lusman Arms to continue existing. The Barrows are found by Chas, who tries to lead them to safety, and murmurs that Coffin Baby came into the world when he clawed his way out of his dead and buried mother's womb. Coffin Baby leaps out from under a pile of human remains, fatally throws Chas at a wall, and captures Nell, but she is saved by Steven, who bludgeons Coffin Baby, and knocks a shelf onto him. The authorities arrive, and take Steven to a hospital, and as Nell returns to her apartment, the police lift up the debris that fell on Coffin Baby, who has disappeared. Coffin Baby crashes through Nell's window and tries to kill her, but is disoriented by the runes she had earlier drawn on her arms, distracting him long enough for a pair of police officers to barge in, and shoot him out a window, causing him to be hanged by a cord Nell had wrapped around his neck. The officers check on Nell, then go to the window, only to find that Coffin Baby has once again vanished.
tt0300015
Drama,Romance
Cassandra Mortmain lives with her family in a tumbledown castle near the coast in England. Their father, James Mortmain, is a selfish, eccentric novelist. Their stepmother, Topaz, a nudist and artist, Rose, the oldest sister, is very beautiful. Their younger brother is somewhat odd and isolated from people his age. Stephen Doyle, their ever faithful and gentle caretaker, has lived with the family for years, and has always been in love with Cassandra. In this array of fascinating characters, Cassandra struggles to find her place in the world and, at the same time, be who she truly is. The entire story is told through Cassandra's diary and her wonderful but naive imagination and outlook on life. The Mortmains have squeaked by on residuals from James's one and only book. But, when a letter arrives with news that the book is out of print, they seem doomed to be evicted from the castle. When their landlords, two brothers from America, come to the castle on a rainy night after having car trouble, it seems that Lady Luck is on their side. Frustrated by her family's poverty and seeing an opportunity, Rose determines to catch Simon, the older brother, even though she does not love him. Cassandra helps her sister, hoping her sister will fall in love with Simon as well as have his wealth help their family from its dire straits. Neil, the younger brother, quickly sees through Rose's scheme and they take an almost instant dislike to each other. The arrival of Simon's family from London will throw the Mortmain family's unstable subsistence into a whirlwind of emotions, complex realities, secrets revealed, and affairs of the heart that they could never have dreamed of. Over time Cassandra falls in love with Simon. But her love is to be kept hidden because he is Rose's. Meanwhile, Cassandra has to deal with Stephen's unwanted attention. He is gorgeous and very caring of Cassandra and her family, and has been in unrequited love with Cassandra for many years. But their relationship is tarnished when Stephen tries to make love to her, divulging his passionate love and obsession for her. When he realizes that Cassandra loves Simon and will never love him back, Stephen leaves for London. He becomes a model and lives with the much older female photographer who seduces him, in an attractive studio/apartment. Cassandra's world becomes even more entangled one night when she is alone at the castle. Simon comes for a visit and spends the evening with her, eventually dancing with her at his family's home in a beautiful room, and kissing her. Cassandra is astonished at her response to Simon, and begins to despise her sister and her own forbidden desire for Simon. Cassandra receives a letter from Rose and goes to London, where Rose is staying with the Cotton family as they prepare for Rose and Simon's wedding. Cassandra quickly finds that not all is well with the couple, and upset to see Rose treating Simon with disdain. Later that night Rose admits she does not love Simon, but will marry him anyway so that their family will be taken care of. She and Cassandra have a terrible fight when Rose realizes that Cassandra has fallen in love with Simon. Cassandra runs away into the night, realizes she has no money, and phones Stephen to help her get back home. The next morning Cassandra finds out that Rose and Neil ran away with each other later after her fight with Rose, finally admitting the love they denied for the past several months. Simon is heartbroken but unable to stop loving Rose much to Cassandra's pain and anger. There is a side story of Topaz becoming jealous of James and fearing his is having an affair with Simon and Neil's mother. Cassandra and her brother, determined to make their father write again, imprison him in a tower on their property, supplying him with his typewriter, paper, food, etc. At first James refuses to actually write anything again but finally breaks through his writer's block. Topaz returns from London and is horrified to find that James has been held int the tower. But she is overjoyed to see him writing again and they fall in love all over again. James's new book becomes a hit and he returns to London to begin book tours. Stephen decides being a model is not for him, and he leaves with a friend of Cassandra's. Cassandra leaves her hope of ever being with Simon, and resolves to waiting for fate to bring her someone who will be her true love. The ending is wonderful, a great finish to an adult look at the developing of Cassandra spirit and mind, leaving the veiwer with the realisation that all her innocence is shed and that she can now face the world without rose tinted glasses. She has hope and she knows that she will indeed live to become a talented and happy woman. After all she will love in the future to come.
tt0985593
Comedy,Romance
Georgina Salt (Heather Graham) is a young English contracter living in London who longs to have a baby which she sees as the one thing missing from her life. In the opening scene, Zak (Tom Ellis), Georgina's long-time boyfriend, is talking on the phone with his sister, who has just had a baby girl. Georgina is obviously more interested in the baby than Zak. After Zach gets off the phone, the couple goes back into their bedroom where Georgina seduces Zak. Zak, however, uses a condom, much to the dismay of Georgina. The next day, Georgina goes shopping for a present for Zak's sister's baby with her mother (Vivienne Moore). Georgina is taken away by the baby items around her and is saddened by it. When a doctor's ad for his clinic for women who want to get pregnant, but may not be able to conceive for much longer, Georgina's mother mentions her aunt. Presuming that her aunt was a lesbian, Georgina was never surprised that her aunt had no children, however her mother informs her that she was simply unable to have children; she was too late. A frantic Georgina spends £150 on a blanket, to the surprise of her mother, before leaving the store. At Zak's sister's house, Georgina is taken away by the baby and is allowed to hold her as Zak goofs off with his sister's belly sculpture. After breaking the sculpture, Zak blames it on her three year old son and the couple soon leave. In the car on the way home, Georgina gets upset with Zak over the statue and she is about to ask him a question before he cuts her off saying, "I do not hate babies." Georgina jumps to the conclusion that he does hate babies and demands that he pulls over and lets her out. Zak goes to a friend's house to 'crash' while Georgina heads home. Prior to this event, Georgia had gone to the clinic to see how many eggs she had left. Her best friend Clem (Mia Kirshner), goes with her and receives the call that the two of them are to return. The doctor (Nicholas Le Prevost) informs Georgina that she only has one egg left and that she'd be ovulating for four days. The two women go out on a 'date' with a young man named Justin (Orlando Seale), who is completely taken aback when Georgina announces that she has one egg left. Clem and Justin help Georgina form a plan to sleep with a random stranger. On day one, Georgina has an "open house" to rent out her apartment in order to lure men inside. The first few are turned away due to their looks or their gender preference. Finally, a man of great quality comes along, however just before he and Georgina kiss Zach calls. Georgina kicks the man out and talks to Zak. Alexandra (Ruta Gedmintas), however says, "Zak, darling, will you zip me up?" An angry Georgina hangs up the phone and Zak isn't too pleased with Alexandra. Alexandra is the daughter of a rich man who is funding Zak's latest documentary, she is also the reason why Georgina was unable to speak to Zak before he left for a trip. On day two, Georgina goes to a funeral to pick up a man (Jeremy Jennings) overcome with "emotions" and isn't thinking too well. She takes him back to her apartment, leaves to get wine and as she is in the kitchen he discovers her "PLAN" sheet, that has all the details about her seducing him on it. He is disgusted and leaves, as Georgina tries to explain herself. Day Three. Georgina finds herself with a Clem at a nightclub. They see a very good looking young man, dancing very seductively and attracting all the girl's attention, and Georgina goes to seduce him. Before successfully seducing the man, she rips her dress in several places to make herself more sultry. At the hotel, Georgina is about to go all the way with him, before she excuses herself to go to the bathroom. While she is taking out her breast pads and washing her mouth out, he steals some of her money and a card before leaving. Georgina comes out to find the lights off and him gone. After cursing her stupidity... and noticing her money and credit card gone... she goes home. During this time, Zak is trying to hurry back to London and has to take the Belfast-Wales ferry because Alexandra had taken the last ticket going to London. Georgina and Clem purchase sperm from the Internet and go out to buy a turkey baster. At this time, Georgnia reveals to Clem that she only wants Zak, before she says that she can't believe that the future father of her child is a turkey baster. Georgina, seeming desperate at this point, turns to one of her employees who reveals that he is infertile just before the two of them can have sex. She then plans to go through with the artificial insemination, reading the directions as the sperm arrives. Her mother arrives with a birthday cake and Georgina accidentally squirts the sperm on the cake. Clem intends Justin, her so-called pet, to impregnate Georgina. A nervous Justin, doesn't seem to want to go through with it. They go to a hotel room and Justin can't seem to get off, nor is he comfortable with this idea. Justin can't do it and backs out. She begins to spank him, before the she is thrown out of the hotel by the staff. She runs into a friend of Zak's and is comforted by him. While hugging him, Zak walks in and assumes that they are having an affair and slaps his friend before leaving. Georgina runs after him, but loses him. She misses her chance to get pregnant and mopes around because she lost both her chance to have a baby and Zak. Ben, Zak's friend, comes over to check on Georgina and the two begin to talk about how awkward the situation was just a the doorbell rings. Clem gets it and turns out that it's Zak, who is outraged to find Ben and Georgina holding hands. He slaps Ben again, who, in turn, punches Zak. The two have a scuffle, during which Ben tells Zak that while Georgia is OK, she isn't Clem. Clem, hearing this, asks him to repeat that and after establishing that he likes Clem and not Georgina, he gets off Zak and goes to Clem. Georgina asks about Alexandra, who Zak admits is beautiful, but says that isn't all he looks for in a person. She isn't impressed by his reasoning, however Zak continues on trying to explain that he loves her and had never stopped. Zach reveals that he wants children too, however an upset Georgina leaves and Ben has to explain to Zak what had been going on. At work, Georgina's worker reveals that he understands why she left and leaves before Zak comes in with a dozen roses. Four months later. Georgina is wondering why her breasts and belly feel sore and she goes to a clinic for a pregnancy test. She receives a call informing her that she is, in fact, pregnant. At a birthday party for Zak, it is revealed that they are engaged and Georgina tells him that she's pregnant. Zak is overjoyed about the news.
tt0383534
Drama
Rose Collins (Susan Sarandon) runs into an old high school friend while Christmas shopping in New York City. They exchange small talk and Rose says she is married and has a large family. Smiling uncomfortably, she quickly says goodbye and is next seen entering a hospital. Rose walks down the hall and enters a decorated room where her mother Helen (Una Kay), a patient suffering from the advanced stages of Alzheimer's, sits vacantly in her bed. Rose gives Helen some presents and looks across to another room with a comatose patient. Noticing the room is barren and lonely looking, she walks in and hangs an angel figurine on the window. To her surprise, she turns around to see a visitor who introduces himself as Charlie Boyd (Robin Williams) sitting by the doorway. After exchanging some polite but awkward words, she excuses herself from the room. A New York cop, Mike Riley (Paul Walker), sees a beautiful woman, Nina (Penolope Cruz), walking down the sidewalk. He pulls his car up beside her and asks if she needs a lift. After a little verbal banter, the audience realizes that they are not strangers, but in fact joking fiances about to get married. Rose enters her workplace where we learn, through her assistant's remarks, that she is divorced, her father is dead, her sister cannot spend Christmas with her, she sees a shrink, and has been spending the past 10 years looking after her mother. Half serious, her assistant tells her that she "needs to get laid." We learn that Rose has a young coworker, Marco (Daniel Sunjata), who is interested in her. Rose thinks this suggestion is absurd due to their age differences, but later agrees to go on a date with him. Mike drops Nina off at work. As he is driving away he sees her embrace another man. Mike automatically assumes the worst. Jules Calvert (Marcus Thomas), sits in a diner talking to Glenn (Merwin Mondisir), about the best Christmas he ever had. It was when he was 14 years old in the hospital due to a broken nose. He talks about how fun and friendly the staff was. Glenn asks about money that Jules owes him and tells Jules to meet him later. Mike enters the same diner to meet his partner Dennis (Sonny Marinelli) for coffee. Artie, a 50-something male waiter (Alan Arkin) gives Mike coffee and complimentary cookies. Artie seems to recognize Mike and treats him with unexpected affection. Mike and Dennis assume the Artie is gay and has a crush on Mike. When they are leaving the diner, the Artie suggests that he had some type of relationship with Mike before and keeps exclaiming, "It's been such a long time!" No longer wanting to humour the old man, Mike and Dennis tell him he must be mistaken and should stop his crazy behaviour. Rose and Marco go on a date. At dinner, Marco suggests that they go back to Rose's house for "a nightcap." She nervously agrees. Marco quickly makes it clear that he wants to sleep with Rose, and although she admits the attraction is mutual, she is too uncomfortable and asks him to leave. Back at Mike and Nina's apartment, Nina and the man she was earlier spotted hugging are decorating a Christmas tree together. Mike enters the apartment and pushes Nina's friend into the Christmas tree, blowing up in a jealous rage. Nina angrily explains that her friend was only there to help her surprise Mike by decorating the tree. Mike still doesn't believe her, and it takes her friend to openly admit that he's gay in order for Mike to fully apologize. Nina leaves and Mike picks up a broken glass angel ornament from the toppled tree. In another part of New York, Jules enters his run-down apartment. Ignoring his landlord who says she's going to evict him. He shuts the door, sits down and looks at old pictures of him and his mother as well as a photo of him at the hospital on Christmas Day. Mike looks out his apartment window and sees Artie, the old man from the diner, staring up at him. Perplexed and wanting to get to the bottom of the matter, Mike invites Artie up to his apartment to talk. Artie hands Mike a wrapped gift. After Marco has left, Rose walks down the street to clear her head and stumbles upon a lively house playing music, with decorations and people dancing in the window. Intrigued, she walks up the stairs to get a closer look when a woman and her children come up the stairs. Startled, Rose helps the woman bring things into the house. Once inside, Rose notices another woman in the living room, crying. It's Nina. Rose asks Nina why she is crying. Assuming Rose is a family friend, Nina confides in her explaining that although doctors said it was almost impossible, she thinks she is pregnant, but has just left her fiance. The family starts to sit down to dinner, and Rose, lonely and yearning for love, entertains the idea that she might be able to have dinner with Nina's family. As Rose hopefully enters the dining room, the family quickly realizes Rose is a stranger. Mortified, Rose runs out of the house. Nina follows and convinces Rose to accompany her to a nearby bar to talk. The two chat, and Rose gives Nina some advice about the importance of holding on to true love. At Mike's apartment, Artie is talking about his wife and how she had the same habits as Mike. Unexpectedly, Dennis arrives at Mike's door in the hopes of cheering him up. Dennis is worried to see Artie there, but reluctantly leaves at Mike's request. Artie then explains to Mike that the reason he is following him is because Mike is his reincarnated wife. Scared and horrified by the old man's passionate admission, Mike throws Artie out of the apartment. After listening to the advice of Rose, Nina visits Mike to give him one last chance. She explains that the only way for their relationship to survive is if Mike can let go of his jealousy and trust her. Mike doesn't seem to understand, and instead interrogates Nina about men who are attracted to her. Nina leaves and Mike follows. She gets into a cab and Mike turns around to find Artie still lingering outside his apartment. Angry, he takes his aggression out on Artie, pushing him and causing Artie to collapse. Artie is rushed to the hospital with Mike by his side in the ambulance. Rose is still at the bar and decides to participate in an open-mic contest where contestants share stories about their hatred of Christmas. Instead of giving a comical performance as expected, she talks about her ex-husband, their unexpected pregnancy, and the death of her premature baby on Christmas. She wins the contest out of sympathy and is given a miniature Christmas tree. Jules meets Glenn at an abandoned theatre where Glenn introduces Jules to an ominous man "who breaks hands." Oddly enough, Jules asks the man to break his hands. He does this because he wants an excuse to go to the hospital where he hopes there will be a Christmas party like before. Rose takes her miniature Christmas tree to the hospital to visit her mother again. Feeling emotional, she tells the doctor that she desperately wishes her mother could give her a sign that she understood. The kind doctor tries to comfort Rose by assuring that Helen still senses people and has emotions. Rose plugs in the Christmas tree. The lights suddenly burn out and Rose momentarily loses her composure, throwing the tree onto the floor. Rose looks across the hall to see the comatose man she visited before. Feeling sorry for him, she walks to the doorway and whispers, "I love you." Rose leaves the hospital and walks down to a nearby pier, contemplating life. She steps to the edge. A man appears beside her. It's Charlie, the man she saw visiting the patient across the hall. They talk and Charlie says he used to be a priest. He seems well-intentioned and they go to Rose's house to talk some more. Back at the hospital, Dennis shows up and explains that he did a background check on Artie. It turns out that Artie went to jail for manslaughter after throwing his wife's male friend down a flight of stairs in a jealous rage. Artie's fearful wife sped away in a car, got into an accident, and died as a result. Mike clearly sees how Artie's once jealous nature parallels his own. Mike has a strange feeling that there is a reason him and Artie have been brought together, and Mike is determined to find out more. At Rose's house, her and Charlie share their greatest wishes. Rose light-heartedly says her wish is to "make it through the night." Charlie reveals a more serious wish not to die alone. Jules is still at the hospital, but wants to leave after he learns there will be no Christmas party. The doctors suspect that Jules broke his own hand intentionally and request that he stay at the hospital for a psychological evaluation. Charlie tells Rose that he left the priesthood because he lost his faith in God. Rose reveals her faith is shaky because no matter how hard she tries, her mother won't give her sign that she's mentally aware. Increasingly irrate, Jules becomes hostile at the hospital and is restrained by security guards. While Mike sits beside Artie's bed, he is greeted by Artie's son, Paul (Rob Daly). Paul tells Mike that his father has been mentally unstable since the death of his mother and is filled with guilt over his past actions. Paul says every Christmas, Artie has delusions about his reincarnated wife. Nina buys a pregnancy test. Jules nostalgically watches a mother caring for her son at a hospital. Mike and Paul talk about Artie's past. Paul explains that Artie is trapped in the past and can't let go because of the guilt he feels for his wife's death. Paul says Artie yearns for his wife's forgiveness. Clothed and on opposite ends of the bed, Rose and Charlie wake up in her room. Charlie looks at a necklace with a cross around his chest. Rose jokes that she survived the night, which was her wish. Charlie says she must have a greater wish than that and Rose admits she wished her life mattered. Charlie insists that her life has tremendous meaning because she cares for so many people. Charlie brings up the fact that she told the patient at the hospital that she loves him. Rose is surprised because Charlie wasn't in the room at the time. Charlie says Rose has restored his faith in God. Charlie then tells Rose that her mother spoke to him and wants Rose to let go and live her life. Rose thinks Charlie is crazy and says she's going to call the police. She doesn't believe Helen talked to Charlie because as far as she's concerned, Helen is incapable of communication. Sad that Rose doesn't believe him, Charlie says "I love you" and leaves. Jules talks to a psychologist at the hospital and explains his childhood of abuse at the hands of his stepfather. We learn that he was probably at the hospital because his stepfather broke his nose. Jules says that his mother never came to pick him up, and he subsequently left home. He thinks his mother chose his stepfather over him and hasn't spoken to her since. The psychologist tells Jules the only way she'll let him leave the hospital is if he calls his mother. Jules picks up the telephone. In another part of the hospital, Mike is in Artie's room. Knowing that Artie might still be convinced that Mike is his wife, Mike decides to tell Artie that he forgives him for everything and kisses his forehead. Artie breathes a sigh of relief. Mike leaves the hospital to find Nina. Nina takes a pregnancy test at her sister's house. While cleaning her room, Rose finds Charlie's necklace under a pillow. She leaves the house to find him. Mike shows up at Nina's sister's house to find her. Nina's pregnancy test is positive. He tells her that he finally understands and is a changed man. He wants her to give him another chance. He accepts that Nina might not be able to do this, and says no matter what he wants her to be happy. He walks away, leaving Nina with a decision to make. Rose decides to go back to the hospital in the hopes that Charlie is there. When Rose asks a nurse if she has seen a visitor named Charlie, the nurse says Rose is mistaken. Charlie is the patient's name and he never gets visitors. Rose takes a closer look at the patient and realizes that it is indeed the same man, but in a withered and barely recognizable state. The audience is left to deduce that Charlie had an out of body experience in order to communicate with Rose. Charlie opens his eyes and smiles. Rose tells him that "it's okay to let go." Rose takes Charlie's hand and places the necklace with the cross in it. She thanks Charlie. Charlie dies. She has fulfilled Charlie's wish not to die alone. Mike returns to his apartment and opens the gift that Artie brought him. He opens it to find a glass angel and redecorates the tree with it. Nina enters the apartment. She says she wants to give Mike his gift. He asks "where is it?" Nina places his hand on her stomach. They embrace and kiss. Jules is seen leaving the hospital. Rose walks back to her mother's room and sees the doctor feeding her mother. Not knowing that Rose is behind him, he tells Helen that he wants to ask Rose out on a date. Rose asks the doctor what his first name is and he says, "Matthew." Rose tells Matthew she would love to go on a date. Rose talks to her mother and asks for her approval, knowing she will probably not reply. To her bewilderment, Helen squeezes her hand. Rose embraces her mother. THE END!
tt0967945
Crime,Drama,Thriller
A delicacy of tone transforms Michael Keatons The Merry Gentleman from what might have been a pedestrian tale into a beautifully romantic fable. Directed, photographed, and performed with a precision and style that mark a distinctive directorial debut, the film begins with a woman who leaves an abusive relationship to begin a new life in a new city, where she forms an unlikely and ironic relationship with a suicidal hit man (unbeknownst to her). Enter a worn, alcoholic detective to form the third party in a very unusual triangle, and this dark, soulful, sometimes-funny story begins to unfold. Walking a line between the conventional and the idiosyncratic, Keaton creates a highly original yarn that has a quiet, sometimes-even-meditative quality, and frames a more-straightforward story about a womans accidental involvement in a murder investigation. Wonderfully composed and enacted, The Merry Gentleman features Keaton in the lead role opposite a gifted leading lady, Kelly Macdonald, who is at once enigmatic and iconographic in her portrayal of a woman trying to find her way in a cold world. The cop, played by Tom Bastounes, is a disheveled embodiment of male cluelessness and relentless pursuit. Together they are lonely figures in an urban landscape, one that exemplifies the isolation and need for personal relationships that we all carry with us. Lonely guy Frank Logan (Michael Keaton) meets cute with his addled neighbor, Kate (Kelly MacDonald), under a fallen Christmas tree, and these two bruised souls gradually begin to approach something like redemption under each other's caring eye. Of course they have their problems: Frank is actually a suicidal hitman and he's being stalked by an alcoholic cop (Tom Bastounes) with romantic designs on Kate, who he suspects saw Frank commit the murder he's investigating. Frank begins to plan another hit, but just when, why, or who maybe not even he knows. It's a remarkably promising directorial debut for Keaton (BATMAN, BEETLEJUICE) who shows a generosity and wisdom in letting the amazing Macdonald (Josh Brolin's wife in NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN) keep her Scottish accent and voice most of the dialogue in the film. A captivating screen presence, MacDonald gamely embodies an array of conflicting but complementary tics and emotions, which--like Frank's--are caught between the need to conceal the truth and the just-as-pressing need to express it. Bobby Cannavale (THE TEN) is good in his big scene as Kate's abusive cop-husband, and the ending is almost as surprising as the breadth of artistry Keaton shows behind the camera, making it a surprise sleeper all the way. [D-Man2010]
tt0478126
Drama,Horror,Thriller
Tori Spelling stars in Cthulhu, the terrifying reinvention of the classic HP Lovecraft tale. When Russell (Jason Cottle), a gay college professor, returns to his small hometown to rectify his late mother¹s estate, he discovers the town embroiled in a sinister plot to take over the world, and his own destiny entwined with their plans. [D-Man2010] H.P. Lovecraft's creepy classic gets a modern makeover with this debut from writer-director Dan Gildark. In CTHULHU, a Seattle man returns to his Oregon roots after the death of his mother. He reunites with a childhood friend and their meeting quickly turns passionate, but his visit becomes dangerous when he uncovers his father's connections to a cult. [D-Man2010]
tt0989000
Comedy,Romance
The film follows the plight of Wilson (Scoot McNairy), a 29-year-old man who has just suffered through the most miserable year of his life. A new arrival to the City of Angels, Wilson ends up alone and penniless as New Year's Eve rapidly approaches, and avows to lock his doors, pull his blinds, and climb into bed - until best friend Jacob (Brian McGuire) talks him into posting a Craigslist personal ad. In seemingly no time at all, the message leads Wilson to Vivian (Sara Simmonds), a young woman who is determined to be with the "right" man at the stroke of midnight.
tt0407998
Drama,Romance
Tilo (Aishwarya Rai), an immigrant from India, is a shopkeeper, an unusually strong clairvoyant, and a chosen Mistress of Spices. The Spices she gives to her customers help them to satisfy their certain needs and desires, such as "sandalwood to dispel painful memories; black cumin seed to protect against evil eye." As a young girl, Tilo was initiated as one of several young Mistresses of Spices by the First Mother (Zohra Sehgal), who warns the girls about certain rules they must follow, or face dire consequences. They are instructed never to leave their respective stores all around the world, physically touch the skin of the people they meet, or use the great and incomprehensible strength and power of the Spices to their own ends. Tilo ends up in the San Francisco Bay Area in a store called "Spice Bazaar". Tilo's customers include Haroun, a cab driver (Nitin Ganatra), a grandfather (Anupam Kher) dealing with an American-born granddaughter Geeta (Padma Lakshmi), Kwesi, a man trying to impress his girlfriend (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) and Jagjit, a teenager trying to fit in at school (Sonny Gill Dulay). Her life takes a turn one day, when a handsome man on a motorcycle (Dylan McDermott) crashes outside her store. Tilo tends to his injuries while trying to ignore their strong mutual romantic attraction to each other. Her life changes when he touches her and they begin to fall truly, madly in love. But the Spices are suddenly angry and jealous, and things soon start to go sour in her relationships with her other customers. Haroun gets in an accident, Geeta's family situation does not improve, Jagjit falls in with the wrong crowd at school, and Kwesi's girlfriend breaks up with him. Doug comes to meet her that night and sadly tells her that his Native American-born mother had died. Tilo recognizes that the source of these misfortunes is her breaking of the rules. The First Mother comes to her in a vision and scolds her for choosing Doug over the Spices. She vows that she will return to India, and posts a notice about a closing sale. She goes all out to help her customers one last time and tells the Spices that she will spend just one night with Doug, and then she will give herself utterly to them. She closes the store and goes off with Doug for the night. After a sweet night of romantic, passionate love-making, she leaves him a note that she must leave and cannot return, but that she will always truly, madly and deeply love him forever. Then she goes back to the store and sets the Spices on fire, with her at the center of the flames, as a sign of eternal servitude and slavery to the mystical Spices. Doug comes searching for her, and finds the store devastated. But Tilo has not been burned after all; she is still there, alive and barely conscious. There is no sign of a fire, but there has been an earthquake. We see a vision of the First Mother sitting at the beach, telling her that because she demonstrated her willingness to give up everything for the Spices, now she can have everything she desires and the Spices will never desert her again. Doug agrees to help her rebuild the store, and she happily reunites with him as they walk along the beach holding hands; their blossoming romantic relationship as strong and pure as ever.
tt1185420
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Dostana is a story about two guys, Sameer Acharya (Abhishek Bachchan) who is a doctor and Kunal Chauhan (John Abraham), a photographer. They bumped into each other while looking for an agreement to rent, and confusion headed towards the same bungalow. However, they were both thrown out because the owner wants to re-rent the apartment to girls only, since niece, Neha Melwani (Priyanka Chopra) stays in second apartment alone. Sameer gets the idea (when a US Soldier, who is a gay, tells them about missing his life partner) that if Kunal and he pretend to be gay lovers, then the owner will agree to let them stay. Kunal initially refuses, but agrees out of desperation. Their plan works and they move in. Over a period of time Neha, Kunal, and Sameer become good friends, hanging out together and developing a good relationship as housemates. One day Neha's boss 'M', short for Murli (Boman Irani) announces that he is resigning from his job as the editor of the magazine called 'Verve' and will also decide who should take his position. In order to impress her editor and get the job, Neha invites 'M' for dinner at her house telling him that she will introduce him to her gay friends. The evening turns out to be a comedy one. But Sameer's mother finds out that her son might be gay and is not pleased. Next day at Neha's office M announces that Abhimanyu Singh (Bobby Deol) will be the new editor. Neha, heartbroken returns home where she is consoled by Sameer's mother. Kunal and Sameer, then help Neha with her on a film project, given to her by Abhimanyu. While Kunal is out of the film for a few days, Sameer takes Neha to supporting role, and they share a film. Later, at a shop, Sameer tries to tell Neha that he acts her in second scene and that he's straight through a fitting room door, but it turns out Kunal was behind that door and heard everything . Murli becomes angry with Sameer and states that he also marry him. As they try to figure out what to do be gay, Kunal suggests that they should both take Neha out to this great palace called Tajmahal that he knows (Neha's Birthday being the next day). Kunal to catch Sameer the address of the "place", which is actually a dance bar. Meanwhile, he and Neha enjoy eating popcorn and see movie at a cinema. Sameer comes to know of this and furiously punch Kunal in the body. Then, Abhi asked her (Mr Abhi) to take them to where they were going and that they could meet up there and so she did. In a party while the trio are enjoying, Abhi re-enters and sweeps Neha to take her out. Then Kunal and Sameer decide to take him off Neha together. They tell Abhimanyu to do ridiculous things in order to take Neha (like asking him to wax his chest hair and wear ridiculous clothes), but their plan unable to work. They then set their love on Abhimanyu's son Veer. They try to make Veer hate Neha. The next day, Neha comes to know that Abhi is going to propose to her at the basketball stadium they will be not attending . At halftime, Neha goes to see Kunal and Sameer, and asks them what she should do as she had no memory about marriage yet. Both of them ask her marry his brother and reveal that they are not gay and are in not love. Meanwhile Veer tells Abhimanyu of his fears and cries saying that he doesn't want him to marry Neha. As Neha tearfully turns out of Kunal and Sameer, Abhimanyu hugs her and tells her that they can't be together as Veer isn't comfortable with that. Later, Kunal and Sameer go to the court to collect their resident permits and realize that they miss Neha, so they go to get her at an office that she is attending. They tried explaining to her but she refuses to see and then Abhimanyu walked away. Kunal asks when they are going to get married and Neha tells him that they broke up because Veer Singh wasn't comfortable with her. They both tell them the truth that they were the ones who made Veer Singh hate Neha and Abhimanyu and Neha furiously try to leave the place. But the guys told the securities to stop them and got on to the stage and told the crowd their story and asked them tell Neha to grant forgiveness. The crowd begs them to do stuff like get on the knees and beg to Neha and give a flying kiss to Neha, when one of them asks them to kiss each other . The guys adamantly refuse to do it when Abhimanyu says that since they are very founded gay, it is the only way they can be forgets. Kunal refuses to do it but Sameer convinces him and tries to kiss him, but loses his nerve at the last moment. As Kunal sees Neha and Abhimanyu starting to leave second apartment,Kunal forcibly kisses Sameer. Abhimanyu is amazed, and tells Neha that the guys were really her best friends, as he wouldn't even done that, not even for her. Neha goes to them and they make up. Then Kunal and Sameer got on their knee pain and asked Abhi to marry their best friend Neha, and he said that he will. After two months Neha,Kunal,Sameer,Abhimanyu are sitting on their first apartment balcony and Neha asks them if they ever had any love for each other during the time they were pretending to be gay. They vehemently deny it and Neha walks out of the scene. Sameer and Kunal look at each other and remember their disastrous kiss, and walk out the new apartment. Thanks to Wikipedia
tt0828158
Action,Crime,Drama
Felix De La Pena (Leguizamo) is a hardworking armored-truck driver, a loving husband to his wife Marina (Perez) and a caring father of two in East LA's Boyle Heights neighborhood. After being abducted and shot in the head during a hijacking led by Adell Baldwin (Gibson), Felix loses his memory, exhibits erratic post-trauma behavior, and is framed as a prime suspect for the crime. Since he cannot provide any leads to FBI agent Steve Perelli (Bobby Cannavale), Felix is forced to try to find his assailant by himself.
tt0418004
Drama,Fantasy,Mystery
Zach Riley (Aaron Eckhart) is a psychiatrist, who leaves a job at a prestigious university, to take up a job at the privately run mental institution, 'Millwood', belonging to Dr. Reed (William Hurt). What he doesnt reveal at the time of his appointment is that this was the very place where his novelist father, T.L. Pierson (Nick Nolte), spent many years of his life, and later wrote a popular childrens classic, Neverwas. Once there, he meets a schizophrenic patient, Gabriel Finch (Ian McKellen), and soon finds that more things linking him to the story, and to the book than he ever thought, and also to the recovery of the patient, who believes himself to be a character from the tale
tt0819755
Horror,Thriller
Small-town college girl Angie (Sarah Thompson) is hired by Jim and Violet Stanton to babysit their son Sam. Aware of the recent reports of missing people, she believes someone is stalking her. On the way to the Stantons' farm, her car breaks down. She is given a lift by Rick (Matt Dallas), a mechanic, who promises to repair her car. At the farm, Jim (Bruce Thomas) and Violet (Kristen Dalton) tell Angie that Sam is asleep upstairs, leaving her instructions for the night. During the night, Angie receives several strange phone calls and hears noises outside. Frightened, Angie calls Rick and the Chief of Police. The police chief reassures Angie, telling her that he will stop by later in the night. [D-Man2010]
tt0323298
Drama,Romance
May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughn) are an elderly couple living in England. They travel to London to see their children Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw). Bobby is busy with his job and also overseeing the improvements on his house being done by carpenter friend Darren (Daniel Craig). Darren and Paula are having an affair which is complicated by Paula's marriage to his friend and Paula's needy codependence on her husband. During the visit Toots dies of a heart attack and May cannot bear to return to the home that she shared with him, so she moves in with Paula. One night, Paula goes out with somebody, but doesn't specify with whom. May babysits Paula's only child, Jack (Carlo and Sachin Kureishi). They both fall asleep, but later, in the middle of the night, May hears the noises of lovemaking in the home. She sees Darren visit Paula for one of their evening trysts. The lovers have an argument and Darren leaves, but Paula instantly decides to go after him. May wanders around London, sightseeing on her own much of the time. Once, she gets lost, but finally she finds her way back to Paula's home. Soon, she is spending time at Bobby's house, and begins preparing lunch for Darren while he is working. The two strike up a friendship as May talks about her life with Toots and Darren talks about his parents, his failed marriage... Paula talks with May about Darren as well: she says that he can't divorce his wife because of his child, who suffers from Down Syndrome, although he's presently living in a van. Darren is sensitive, an intelligent man who has had a difficult life. Paula accuses her own mother of disliking him because he is a workman, and poor. Paula wants to force Darren to get divorced and subsequently to get married to her. She asks for her mother's help, as only May can entice a clear answer from him. May promises to try. May and Darren talk, and they start feeling connected to each other. In the process, other things change. May accompanies Paula to one of her creative writing sessions, and even tries to set up a date with one of the attendants. May also begins drawing on a notebook. However, May and Darren become lovers and the involvement makes May experience an emotion she had lost for years, especially on the sexual side. She feels she has feelings which she hasn't felt for a very long time. May is vague when Paula asks her about her conversation with Darren. May convinces Paula go let go of him, but Paula doesn't look to be able to do it. In fact, she decides to pressure Darren into marriage anyway, and they decide to start living together by the end of the year. The conservatory at Bobby's is long overdue. Bobby has to sell the home sooner than expected with the finished conservatory, as his wife Helen (Anna Wilson-Jones)'s business venture selling all kind of products made of alpaca wool is eating out much of his resources. While Bobby and Paula are discussing this, Paula realises that the drawings of her mother have a strong sexual content. Among drawings of plants and the conservatory, she views in amazement drawings of fellatio. Both Bobby and Paula are disgusted about it. Bobby shouts to Darren when he arrives saying that he had a problem with one of the producers who didn't give him what he had asked for the conservatory, but Bobby demands the conservatory to be finished on time anyway. Paula forces May to go to a double date with Bruce (Oliver Ford Davies), - another amateur writer of the creative writing course attendants - and Darren. May finally accepts, but none of the four people seem to enjoy the date. May even leaves half crying. However, Darren and Paula kiss, and May and Bruce end up having sex, although May doesn't enjoy it at all. May returns to Paula's home devastated, and a seemingly drunk Paula almost leaves May to sleep outside the home. Paula burns in a bonfire all her tales. She gets frantic and argues with May and all the cards are on the table now. The discussion ends up with Paula offering to pay for Darren's plane ticket to go with her, but he refuses, as he feels like a kind of sexual object. An estate agent (Jonah Coombes) comes to look at Bobby's home and says the conservatory will increase the final price of the property. Upstairs, Paula and May fight over Darren, and Paula hits May in the face. May decides to return to the home she used to share with Toots. She is lonely and, in a way, she feels devastated and beaten-up, and not only because of Paula's attack. However, back home, she decides to leave her old place for good. She wants to re-start her life.
tt1015474
Horror,Thriller
The film begins with of American athletes competing in Eastern Europe who are supposed to get on a train to continue the competition. And our group of people miss the train 'cause they went partying the night before. They get on a different train to catch up with their teammates and horror ensues. I researched real crimes that happen here in Eastern Europe and based it on that. This is as an intelligent horror film, It's got gore and it's got the stuff that makes it a horror movie, but it's also got a clever story people will enjoy. [D-Man2010] This new Train tells the tale of an American wrestling team who board a train that just so happens to be used as a supermarket for organ harvesters. [D-Man2010]
tt0107953
Horror
Teenager Curt Reynolds steals his father's security key card, and he and his girlfriend, Julie, explore the military base where his father works. They observe Curt's father, Colonel John Reynolds, Col. Peck and Lt. Col. Sinclair overseeing an experiment with a deceased body. The corpse is exposed to 2-4-5 Trioxin gas, which re-animates the corpse into a zombie. The military hopes to use zombies in combat. However, they are impossible to control as their hunger for human brains causes them to constantly attack. To deter the zombies' vicious nature, Sinclair suggests permanently attaching the zombies to exoskeletons that will immobilize them when they are not in battle. Reynolds prefers a method referred to as "paretic infusion", which involves firing a chemical projectile into the forehead of the zombie. This causes an endothermic reaction, freezing the zombie's brain and temporarily immobilizing it. When the paretic infusion method is tested on the zombie in the lab, it is only successful for a few moments, wearing off much faster than expected; the zombie breaks free and attacks a scientist, biting his fingers off before bashing his head against a wall, killing him. Infected by the zombie's bite, the scientist re-animates and attacks another technician. The initial zombie and the reanimated scientist are paralyzed with bullets and the survivors in the room are quarantined. Reynolds is removed from the project and reassigned to Oklahoma City, while Sinclair is promoted to head of the project. Reynolds informs Curt that they will be moving, something they have done multiple times, but Curt refuses. He rides off on his motorcycle with Julie. While they are speeding down the road, Julie playfully grabs Curt's crotch, causing him to lose control of the motorcycle. Julie is thrown from the bike into a telephone pole; the impact kills her. Curt brings Julie's corpse to the military base. Using his father's key card, he accesses the Trioxin gas to reanimate her. This leads to Julie and Curt dealing with the effects of Julie being dead - not feeling pain and having no desire to eat normal food - and what they are to do about her condition. Julie becomes hungry and Curt drives them to a store. A gang talk about her as she is eating snacks on the floor. Curt becomes angry and accidentally hits one of them. During the ensuing brawl the gang leader Santos shoots the shopkeeper. Julie one of the gang members Mogo. The alarm goes off and the gang flees. While Curt and Julie are in a van with the wounded shopkeeper who gets killed by getting shot by a one of the cops, Julie is overcome by her hunger for brains and eats his brains before Curt stops her. The gang chases Julie and Curt through the city, not realizing what is happening to their infected friend. Julie and Curt hide from the gang in the sewers, where they encounter Riverman, a vagrant who shelters them. Julie discovers that extreme pain seems to temporarily make the cravings to feed on humans go away. She mutilates her flesh with various items of junk found around Riverman's lair, until she is adorned with spikes, nails, and shards of glass sticking out of her flesh. The gang tracks Julie and Curt down. Julie seduces the gang leader, then kills him and uses her new decorations to kill the rest of the gang. Julie's body becomes accustomed to the pain, and she turns on Riverman, infecting and killing him. The gang re-animates before the military arrive and neutralizes all of the zombies. When the zombies are captured, Curt realizes Julie is going to be used as a weapon and goes into a rage, freeing the zombies which then kill the soldiers (including Sinclair). In the commotion the base is set on fire and Curt is bitten on the arm by the same zombie from earlier in the fim. Curt's father tries to get Curt to leave but he realizes that he would be abandoning Julie, and realizing that it's too late for him. Curt brings Julie to the furnace; when she asks where they are, Curt says "where we belong", and the two lovers kiss one last time as the flames surround them and the screen fades to black.
tt0167049
Comedy,Family,Romance
Tess and Emily are twins living in LA. All they want is for their dad to meet someone so they make a billboard ad for him. This follows by many responses. He agrees to go on 5 dates all being failures then finally meets someone who unfortunately Nigel doesnt approve of and tries to ruin!
tt0120786
Action,Thriller
A medical expert is forced to deal with a lethal virus which has struck a small town.
tt0092746
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Set in a post apocalyptic future, Sam Treadwell (David Andrews) lives in a society where romance, economics and technology have evolved into a state where relationships of all sorts are commodities. Sam has bought his one true love a Cherry 2000 and until she fries her circuits beyond repair, making love in the dishwasher, he was the happiest man on Earth. Cherry 2000s are rare by 2017 and after Sam's friends have taken him out and tried to take his mind of things using a relationship broker Sam is more love lorn then ever and realises he must have a Cherry 2000. Sam takes his beloved to a repair shop. After being shown a possible host of replacement models Sam tells the repair guy he must have a Cherry 2000. Fortunately for Sam his beloved androids personality disc is still intact and the kindly old repair guy tells Sam to have a chance of a Cherry 2000 he must go to Zone 7 and to do that he needs to hire a tracker and to do that he needs to go to Glory Hole. Another bit of helpful advice the repair guy instills is; Six-Finger-Jake (Ben Johnson) is the best tracker around. Sam drives to Glory Hole, think western mining town, tumble weeds etc. Sam goes to the office of E. Johnson she says she can take him there, but there is a catch he has to come as well in order help shoot their way out. Sam rejects the offer and heads to the saloon. In The Saloon he is told Six-Finger-Jake is dead but is led to believe otherwise by other patrons in the bar who go to lead him outside to introduce him, only to turn out to be robbers who take his gun but leave him enough money to hire E. Back to E.'s and of they go. E drives a red mustang with off-road tyres and futuristic modifications. Driving through the desert we are introduced to Lester (Tim Thomerson) the tyrannical ruler of the wasteland. Sam and E. Manage to escape from Lester's Clutches after climbing down a drainpipe and into the boat of Six-Finger-Jake. The man who raised E. Jake, E. and Sam decide on a plan to get the Cherry 2000. Carrying out this plan they are captured and during the escape, The Sky Ranch, Lester's home fort is destroyed. Sam and E. flee across the desert, E. attempts to seduce Sam saying the personality disc is destroyed and just as they are getting intimate the recorder in E.'s pocket activates and Sam is once again in love with his robot. After being chased across the desert Sam and E. come to a fuel depot where there is a plane. There is also a traitor who alerts Lester of their whereabouts. Lester arrives there is a battle the fuel depot's girlfriend as well as the depot owner is shot. Six-Finger-Jake is killed too. E. is more determined to go on so Jake's death wasn't for nothing. Eventually they make it to Zone 7, and find a replacement 'droid in a casino. As Sam puts the personality disk in and starts to make up for lost time with his plastic pal who's fun to be with as one sci-fi writer might put it Lester and what's left of his band show up. A gunfight ensues, the heroes try to flee. With three passengers the plane is too heavy to take of E. volunteers to stay behind as Sam flies of and sees E. preparing to be captured or fight to the death he circles the plane and lands he sends Chery 2000 for Pepsi while he flies of with E. Johnson, quite literally into the wild blue yonder.
tt0096866
Animation,Adventure,Drama
Sophie (Amanda Root) is a young orphaned girl living in the orphanage of the cantankerous and abusive Mrs. Clonkers (Myfanwy Talog). One night, Sophie wakes up and goes to look through the window but sees a cloaked giant blowing something through a trumpet into a bedroom window down the street; whereupon the giant notices her and snatches her to the realm of Giant Country. In his cave, the giant identifies himself as the Big Friendly Giant (David Jason) who blows dreams into the bedrooms of children at night, while all the other 9 giants are vicious, child-eating beasts. Because the BFG refuses to eat people or steal food from humans, he subsists on a revolting vegetable known as a "Snozzcumber", which is all that grows in Giant Country. He explains that he took her so she couldn't tell anyone that she had seen him and start a giant hunt. Sophie and the BFG quickly become friends; but Sophie is soon put in danger by the sudden arrival of the Bloodbottler Giant (Don Henderson), who suspects the BFG of harboring a human after hearing him talking. The BFG tricks the Bloodbottler into eating the Snozzcumber to repel him from his cave, during which Sophie is almost eaten. The BFG makes her a new dress out of her blanket to replace her ruined nightgown while she has a bath. When Sophie announces she is thirsty, the BFG treats her to a delicious fizzy drink called "Frobscottle", whose bubbles go downwards, which causes the drinker to fart; this is known as a "whizzpopper" to giants, and causes the drinker to soar and shoot around the place. The next morning, the BFG takes Sophie to Dream Country to catch more dreams, but they are first tormented by the other giants along the way; notably by the Fleshlumpeater Giant (Don Henderson), who is the largest and most fearsome and hideous. In Dream Country, the BFG demonstrates his dream-catching skills to Sophie and teaches her to fly; but the BFG mistakenly captures the worst kind of nightmare. Upon arriving at his Dream Cave, the BFG shows Sophie all the dreams he has captured already and locks away the nightmare in his cavern of lava in a tiny chest, and takes Sophie to watch him on his dream-blowing duties; but this is cut short when they spot the Fleshlumpeater eating a little boy whom the BFG had previously given a pleasant dream. When Sophie tries to intervene, the BFG flees with her and escapes to save her from the Fleshlumpeater. Afterwards, the grief-stricken Sophie tries to persuade the BFG to stop the evil giants. At first, the BFG is reluctant to do so out of cowardliness and low trust in humans; but Sophie develops a plan to expose the evil giants to the Queen of the United Kingdom (Angela Thorne). Using dreams from his collection, the BFG creates a nightmare, blows it into the Queen's bedroom, leaves Sophie on the Queen's windowsill to confirm the dream and retreats into the palace gardens when Sophie calls him. Because the dream included foreknowledge of Sophie's presence, the Queen believes her story, and speaks with the BFG. After considerable effort by the palace staff, the BFG is given a copious breakfast. Once ready, the British Army and the Royal Air Force, in a fleet of RAF Chinook helicopters, follow the BFG to Giant Country to the 9 giants' homeland, where the giants are tied up and taken prisoner. The only one isn't there is the Fleshlumpeater, who immediately attacks the BFG for his betrayal and later pursues Sophie when she intervenes; but after a long chase he is stopped when the BFG kills him with the nightmare he had captured earlier, which he later reveals was a nightmare about Jack and his beanstalk, both of which all giants, including the BFG himself, fear. The tethered giants are then all transported by the helicopters to London, where they are imprisoned in a deep metal pit and forced to eat Snozzcumbers for the rest of their lives. The orphanage is closed down so the children move into the palace and Mrs. Clonkers is given the job of feeding giants. Contrary to the book's ending, the BFG stays in Giant Country instead of moving to England, and Sophie becomes his assistant at the distribution of dreams and people think they will visit Buckingham Palace sometimes.
tt0109593
Drama
Delta of Venus is the sultry adventure of Elena Martin (Audie England), a young female American writer in Paris during the dawn of WWII. All of the stories Elena writes involves her as the star of her own erotic adventures which are secretly contracted by her lover, Lawrence Walters (Costas Mandylor) from a distance. Once this truth is revealed to Elena, her reaction is strong and she transforms from a sexually innocent and unfeeling girl, to a woman who feels everything. She rejects her lover as she leaves Paris to return to America once France is invaded.
tt0086896
Action,Crime,Thriller
The movie opens with 15 year-old honor student Molly Stewart (Donna Wilkes) attending her private prep school in the Los Angeles area. When she gets home, however, with some makeup work and a change in wardrobe she becomes Angel: the mini-skirted, high-heeled street prostitute working Hollywood Blvd. As she weaves her way through the evening avoiding vice-cops and interacting with potential customers, we meet the members of her street family: the aging movie cowboy Kit Carson (Rory Calhoun), street performer Yoyo Charlie (Steven M. Porter) transvestite Mae (Dick Shawn) and fellow hookers Crystal (Donna McDaniel) and Lana (Graem McGavin). Despite the carnival-like atmosphere of the Hollywood streets after dark, all is not well as hookers are being killed by a psycho-necrophiliac (John Diehl) that likes to dismember the girl's bodies when he is done. Police Lt. Andrews (Cliff Gorman) has been assigned to the case, but has no leads. Tragedy strikes Angel's group of friends when Crystal, who has a budding romantic relationship going with Yoyo Charlie, picks up the killer and winds up a victim. The next day at school the arrogant jock Ric Sawyer (David Underwood) makes a play for Molly which she pointedly rejects. She then goes to see teacher Patricia Allen (Elaine Giftos) who is concerned about Molly's lack of extra-curricular activities. Molly explains that her mother has been paralyzed by a stroke and she needs to go home immediately after school every day to take care of her. The next evening a crowd, including Angel, gathers outside the motel room where Crystal's body was found. Lt. Andrews advises the girls to work in pairs. Later that evening Angel is working with partner Lana when they see a potential client across the street. Lana takes him to a motel room she and Angel share. A couple hours later when Angel shows up at the room with a client of her own, she finds the naked, bloody body of Lana in the shower where the killer left it. This makes Angel the only person who can identify the killer. Based on a description she gives the police, a sketch is made and the killer is brought in for a lineup. Angel recognizes him, but he escapes by grabbing an officer's gun and shooting his way out of the police station. Andews takes Molly/Angel home and demands to speak with her parents, then finds out the truth: Molly's father left her mother nine years ago and her mom abandoned Molly three years ago. Molly keeps up the fiction of her mother being around so that she will not be sent to a foster home. She believes someday her father will return for her and wants to be waiting for him at their old apartment, so since the age of 12 she has paid the rent by prostitution. Despite Andrews' warnings to stay off the street, Angel/Molly purchases a small pistol and goes back to work. That night schoolmate Ric Sawyer and pals see her on a street corner and force her into their car, but Molly uses the gun to escape. However, her secret is out now and her whole school knows she spends her evenings as a Hollywood hooker. The next day, Mae is playing cards with Molly's ill-tempered landlord, Solly (Susan Tyrrell), when teacher Allen, who has heard the stories circulating around the school, comes by insisting on seeing Molly's mother. Mae sneaks up to Molly's apartment to try and pretend he is Molly's mother, but Allen sees through this subterfuge. Mae is still at Molly's apartment a few minutes later when the killer, trying to murder Molly, shows up. He and Mae fight till Mae is stabbed. After the killer flees, Mae is still alive long enough where he dies in Solly's arms. Andrews and Molly return to her apartment to find Mae dead. While Andrews is on the phone to call for backup, Molly goes to Solly's room and gets her gun (a huge, long-barreled .44 magnum) and heads out on the streets to avenge Mae. Andrews goes looking for her and enlists Kit Carson to help in the search. The killer, dressed up as a Hara Krishna, sneaks up behind Molly with a knife, but a warning from Yoyo Charlie saves her and starts a chase though the streets with Molly using the huge gun to blast away at the killer while Andrews ties to catch up with them both. In a dead-end alley the killer jumps Molly and gets her gun and is about to turn it on both her and Andrews when Carson - having put real bullets into his cowboy/show guns - arrives just in the nick of time to fill the killer full of lead. Molly, Andrews and a wounded Carson walk off together as the scene fades to black.
tt0085868
Comedy,Drama
On a Friday morning in the early 1960s, Southern California high school seniors Dave Cartman (Jackie Earl Haley), Spider Church (John Stockwell), and Woody (Tom Cruise) prepare for their school day, to be followed by a long-awaited trip to Tijuana, Mexico. Upon arriving at school, Perlman (Ricky Powell), the fourth member of the expedition, suddenly withdraws and leaves his friends $95 short of their required funds. Dave's entrepreneurial younger brother, Wendell (John P. Navin Jr.), nicknamed Wimp, offers to supply the money, but only if he is allowed to go in Perlman's place. Dave reluctantly agrees to the proposal, hoping Wendell will not interfere as the older boys tour the city's nightclubs and brothels. The group faces another obstacle when Spider is given an after-school detention for defending himself against an irate football player. However, Spider is undeterred and escapes the campus to joins his friends. Along the way, the boys stop at a grocery store owned by Larry (Kale Brown) and Kathy (Shelley Long), a married couple involved in a heated argument. The boys use the opportunity to shoplift their supplies, unnoticed by the distracted storekeepers. As they race from the parking lot, Kathy requests a ride and announces her plans to file for a Mexican divorce. As the group enters Tijuana, Kathy disembarks at a law office, and the others continue into town. They stop at an automotive upholstery shop, where Dave orders tuck and roll vinyl seats for his 1957 Chevrolet. The local Sheriff (Henry Darrow) appears and expresses admiration for the car, then apprises Dave of a damaged brake light. When Spider antagonizes the sheriff by offering him a $5 bribe, the lawman warns him that their next meeting will not be as cordial. That evening, Dave tells Wendell to stay with the car while the other boys make their way to a nightclub and brothel called The Tunga Lei, where each of them pairs with a prostitute. Despite plans to lose his virginity on the trip, Woody is unable to perform with the mature prostitute he has chosen, and she attempts to comfort him by offering motherly advice. Later, as Woody and Spider discuss the incident at the bar, Kathy enters, and Spider greets her with a crude proposition. When she and Woody criticize his behavior, Spider announces that his friend is impotent. Woody leaves in humiliation, followed by Kathy, who offers to keep him company. While Spider broods over his altercation with Woody, Dave wanders onto the street and encounters Wendell, carrying a large bag of fireworks that he plans to sell at a profit. Stimulated by his first sexual encounter, Spider is on a mission to procure an aphrodisiac known as Spanish fly, which supposedly induces nymphomania in women. Despite Wendell's insistence that the substance does not exist, Dave requests it from a pharmacist, who threatens him with a rifle. Meanwhile, Woody and Kathy become acquainted, and she compliments him on his desire for romance instead of having meaningless sex. She wishes her husband could be as sensitive. Their mutual attraction grows, stimulated by tequila, and they make love in a motel room. Elsewhere in town, Dave pays a taxicab driver $12 for six doses of Spanish fly, ignoring Wendell's insistence that the white tablets are common aspirin. At a bar called The Blue Fox, Spider triggers a brawl while defending himself against three irate U.S. Marines. The Sheriff interrupts the fight and arrests Spider, ignoring the other perpetrators. Meanwhile, Dave dissolves a tablet in the drink of an attractive young street vendor, hoping for another sexual opportunity. While he waits for the drug to take effect, a local boy named Pablo (Mario Marcelino) parks his customized Ford Model A nearby, and Dave initiates a conversation with him, unaware that Pablo is the street vendors brother. When Dave reveals his intentions toward the girl, Pablo and his friends force Dave and Wendell into the car, and drive them to an auto salvage yard. As Woody and Kathy leave the motel, they see Spider in the back seat of the sheriff's car and follow it to the police station. Spider is placed in a holding cell, where a large prisoner (Cornelio Hernandez) challenges him to a fight, then overpowers the boy and knocks him unconscious. Woody and Kathy try to reason with the sheriff, but he demands $3,000 to release Spider. At the salvage yard, Dave is hoisted on a crane while Pablo threatens to remove his genitals with a blowtorch. Unaware that his brother is being subjected to a mere prank, Wendell commandeers Pablo's car and comes to Daves rescue. The Cartman brothers arrive at the upholstery shop, where Spider, Woody, Kathy, and the Sheriff are waiting for them. Woody informs Dave of Spider's arrest, and explains that they were forced to offer the Chevrolet in exchange for their friends release. As Dave and the Sheriff argue over the exchange, Spider and Woody knock the lawman to the ground and handcuff him. Wendell ignites a load of fireworks in the police car and the group makes its escape. Moments later, Pablo and his companions reclaim the Ford and give chase, until Wendell disables the car by firing a skyrocket into its radiator. The group reaches the border to find a slow-moving line of cars in front of them and the sheriff approaching from behind. Spider misinforms a local border guard (Joe Spinell) that the Chevrolet is carrying illegal contraband, and the car is towed to the front of the line, away from the Sheriff's reach. A thorough investigation reveals nothing but the sock in Dave's underwear, and as Kathy and Woody wait for the car to be reassembled, Larry appears, begging his wife to return. She bids Woody an affectionate farewell and leaves with her husband. As the sun rises, the boys stop at a diner on a coastal highway, where they encounter the same group of Marines, and another brawl ensues. Wendell just walks away from it while his friends bear the brunt of the fight.
tt0114323
Drama
The story is of Carol White (Julianne Moore) and her husband Greg (Xander Berkeley) living with their son in the San Fernando Valley. She is seemingly perfect, but she begins to get strangely sick, reacting to various things in her surroundings and attempts changing her diet and habits. Her doctor can't find anything medically amiss and she consults with a psychiatric physician. She collapses while she is driving her car back home one day and she and a doctor figure out she does a mild allergy. She begins to seek answers to her growing illness but no doctor or psychologist can find the source of her ealing: it may be on her mind, because further tests show that she is not allergic to anything. She does a strong diet, advised by her friend Nell (Mary Carver). However, she starts blaming chemical products in food, cleaning products, clothes, pollutants... She freaks out during a party in honour of another female friend, heavily pregnant. Investigating further, she finds a retreat called Wrenwood, eventually relocating there, where the other members are treated by a smooth-talking doctor who entreats them to look inside themselves for the cure to their varying illnesses. Meanwhile, all the inmates' clothes are made of cotton, all food and drink is organic and cars are forbidden, as she is shout at the first time she arrives to the place. A marriage who has relocated there because of his health have built themselves a kind of bunker/igloo with controlled air and water. However, he'll die anyway. Carol discovers that there is a highway nearby the compound, so she asks to be relocated within Wrenwood. Once, when Greg and the child visit her, they have very cold conversations, without any physical contact. It looks like that Carol's illness is a great inconvenience to her family, and no close friends visit her ever. Carol leaves her family and takes up residence in the isolated igloo where she can confront herself and her inner feelings. The film ends with Carol looking at herself in a mirror, saying "I love you" with a sad barren face.
tt0082250
Action,Crime,Drama
The film opens with a grand view of Los Angeles, with a news broadcast in the background detailing an increase in crime in the city. The overview of the city goes until the end of the opening credits where we zoom in on the new house of Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) where the maid, Rosario (Silvana Gallardo), is preparing dinner. He seems to have picked up the pieces of his life to move on, as his girlfriend is KABC news/radio reporter Geri Nichols (Jill Ireland) and they both go and pick up Carol from the hospital and spend the day with her. Paul talks to the doctor, who says that despite her traumatic catatonia, she has begun to speak again. Her husband, Jack Toby, though not seen or mentioned, presumably divorced Carol. Paul, Geri, and Carol spend the rest of the afternoon at a carnival, where Paul offers to buy ice cream while the girls look around. While waiting in line for some ice cream, he gets mugged and his dollar bill is stolen by five gang members. At first Paul does not mind but realizes they also took his wallet. Paul manages to catch up with one of them (Jiver), but Jiver exclaims that he was not the one who took the wallet. Geri heads to do an interview with the senator while Carol and Paul go on a boat ride. The same five muggers who stole Kersey's wallet arrive at his house determined to kill him. The thugs break in, tightly bind, and gag, and then gang rape Rosario. Paul arrives home with Carol, only to get beaten unconscious when he walks in the door. Rosario tries to call the police, but the thugs hear the sound and quickly kill Rosario by bashing her head in. They then take Carol to their hideout, where one of the muggers rapes her. After the attack, she runs away from the thugs and jumps from a window, becoming impaled on the railings below. Geri arrives to the house as Paul regains consciousness and the police arrive. Lt. Mankewicz (Ben Frank) is one of the first on the scene, asking Paul about the identification of the muggers because the description was "a little vague". A short time later, Paul learns about the death of his daughter and is sent to the station to ID her. Later, Mankewicz asks Paul to view some photos at the station to rejog his memory since Paul is the only witness. Paul declines by saying: "it won't do any good." The next scene is at a funeral where Paul and Geri both attend. That night, Paul pulls out a .32 caliber semi-automatic handgun he kept hidden in his closet, changes clothing, and rents a low-rent apartment in the inner city as his forward base of operations. After wondering around most of the night through the rough part of downtown L.A. Paul returns to his own house. Geri arrives the next morning and lets herself in, where she nearly discovers Paul's gun laying on a dresser. Paul quickly gets up and hides it. After Geri leaves, he calls a locksmith to have the locks on his house changed. The next night, Paul spots one of the muggers, Stomper, and follows him into an abandoned hotel building as a drug deal is about to be made between his partner and two buyers. Kersey tries to be quiet as he can, but the others notice his presence when he knocks over a can. Kersey kills Stomper's partner, then orders the other two out of the room where he kills Stomper. The following evening, as he is patrolling the streets, Paul hears a scream coming from an underground parking garage where a man and a woman are being assaulted by four muggers. One of the muggers is Jiver, whom Kersey chased down the alley the day of his daughter's death. Paul opens fire on the muggers, killing two of them. Jiver is wounded, but he and the fourth mugger manage to get away. Taking a .45 caliber pistol off one of the dead muggers, Paul follows the trail of blood, and manages to wound and kill Jiver at a warehouse across the street. Paul flees before the police arrive. The L.A. police quickly hear about the murders, as does the NY Police Department. Detective Frank Ochoa (Vincent Gardenia) is called by the LAPD to help. The Police Commissioner (Anthony Francoisa) thinks the vigilante killings may be done by Kersey again. Fearing that Kersey, when caught, will reveal that they let him go instead of prosecuting him, the NYPD sends Inspector Frank Ochoa to make sure that does not happen. Ochoa meets with Lt. Mankewicz, who suspects that Frank is hiding something. That night, Ochoa breaks into Geri's apartment where he meets Geri and tells her about Paul's past and recent vigilante spree. But when Geri confronts Paul, he quickly denies it, ascribing the tale to Ochoa's imagination. Paul drives Geri to work the next morning, where Ochoa is waiting. In order to keep tabs on Paul, Ochoa calls Mankiewicz and asks him to park his car near Paul's apartment (but he doesn't tell Mankiewicz about following Kersey himself). Another night later, Ochoa follows an unknowing Kersey from his house to his low-rent apartment and from there to a local square where Kersey spots the three remaining gang members who attacked him: Cutter (Laurence Fishburne), Punkcut (E. Lamont Johnson), and Nirvana (Thomas F. Duffy). Kersey follows the trio on a bus to an abandoned park, where a major drug deal goes down. Ochoa follows Kersey and sees him from a distance hiding in a bush, but decides to help Paul after detecting a spotlight heading in his direction. Ochoa warns Paul with a shot by shooting a gang member who tries to shoot Paul. Paul runs behind a tree as the gang members grab their guns and fire back. Ochoa gets shot by a hail of gunfire, but Paul manages to kill Cutter (who vainly tries to shield his head with a boom box) with a bullet through the face. Punkcut is also wounded by a gunshot to the chest, as is another gang member. Paul also shoots and kills the getaway driver and seller of the firearms, who plummets off a cliff to a fiery doom below. The final mugger, Nirvana, gets away. Paul goes over to Ochoa and asks him why he saved his life. Ochoa responds he had to side with Paul against the criminals, and tells Paul to kill Nirvana for him. Ochoa dies as the police arrive, and Paul escapes into the night. The police get the name of Ochoa's killer from a badly injured Punkcut by inflicting pain, who succumbs to his injuries and dies. A few days later, Nirvana (who's real name is revealed to be Charles Wilson) is found by the police hiding out in an apartment. Paul, monitoring the police radio frequency from an acquired radio scanner, tries to get to Nirvana to kill him before the police do. But in the apartment building hallway, Paul narrowly misses his opportunity for a kill when he gets slashed on the arm by Nirvana during a chase. Nirvana runs outside when he sees the police approaching and gets tasered, but with no effect due to an influence of PCP. He is finally arrested after stabbing several officers. Tried and found criminally insane, Charles 'Nirvana' Wilson is sent to McLarren State Hospital. Paul comes along with Geri to the hospital where she is interviewing Charles Wilson's doctor. The visit allows Paul to secretly steal a facility ID card and a white doctor's lab coat. Despite his plans for revenge to kill the last surviving thug who assaulted him, Paul has lunch with Geri the next day and proposes to her. Geri accepts. The night they plan to go to Mexico for their wedding, Paul uses his altered doctor ID and stolen lab coat to gain access to the hospital and confronts Wilson in the hospital meeting room. They have a violent fight and Kersey is stabbed repeatedly by Wilson with a scalpel. But when Wilson slams Kersey up against an electrical device, Kersey ducks the oncoming punch. Wilson's hand smashes through the machine and Kersey turns the power up, electrocuting Wilson. Donald Kay (Charles Cyphers), the head orderly on duty, witnesses Wilson's death, but sympathizes with Kersey and gives him three minutes to escape from the hospital before sounding the alarm. Geri goes to his apartment later that night and finds the scanned copy of the stolen ID. She realizes that Paul is actually the vigilante after she hears a report of Wilson's death on the radio. She puts the paper and the engagement ring on the table and drives off. Paul arrives home minutes later to an empty apartment. Five months later, Paul is at his office speaking to his clients about a party in celebration of a new architectural design. His boss Elliott Cass (Michael Prince) invites him to a party that very evening, and when Paul is asked if he's free, he answers: "What else would I be doing?" The movie ends with gunshots heard on L.A.'s skid row, implying that Paul will continue his vigilante spree undisturbed.
tt0078846
Comedy
The movie starts with introductions to the people of Small Town, USA. Among them are the huge breasted evangelical radio preacher Eufaula Roop (Ann Marie) who mounts Martin Bormann inside a coffin; a salesman who gives oral pleasure to a large breasted housewife (Candy Samples); and the very large African American Junkyard Sal (June Mack) who sleeps with her working class employees. Finally, there is Lamar, who anally rapes his large breasted wife Lavonia (Kitten Natividad) after she tries having vaginal sex. Afterwards, she kicks him in the groin. While Lamar heads off to his junkyard work, Lavonia spots a young man skinny dipping in a lake. She sneaks off and undresses, then jumps the boy from behind and proceeds to mount and rape him. The young man soon escapes, but she dives down, catches him underwater by giving him oral sex and then overpowers him. After he succumbs to her, she learns his name is Rhett and that he is fourteen. Later on, the aforementioned salesman comes to her home and she ends up having sex with him, too. Meanwhile, Lamar, who previously turned down Junkyard Sal's invitation for sex, gets called to her office where she meets him in her underwear. She locks him inside and threatens to fire him if he does not succumb to her. Lamar, who we are told needs money for correspondent school, lies down on her bed. She forces herself on him in numerous sexual positions. After a while, she lets Lamar have anal sex with her and gives in when a suddenly enthusiastic Lamar stops her from continuing into other positions. Lamar then spots fellow employees peeping from the window. He breaks open the door and beats them up. Junkyard Sal then fires the peepers and Lamar for being "perverts". Lamar goes to a bar, where Lavonia masks herself as Mexican stripper Lola Langusta and drugs his drink. In a motel room, Lavonia rapes the unconscious Lamar by first triggering an erection via oral sex and then by finally having vaginal sex with him using a sock as protection. She frees him to test if she changed his ways, but he runs away. Back home, Lavonia has sex with a truck driver. As she checks the clock smiling, Lamar returns. A fight ensues and Lavonia helps Lamar by burning the truck driver's scrotum with a light bulb. Lamar takes Lavonia and himself into dentist/marriage counselor Asa Lavender (Robert Pearson). After the dentist takes Lavonia to the dental room, his nurse kisses Lamar. As the dentist hurts Lavonia's teeth and she counters by grabbing his crotch painfully, Lamar anally rapes the nurse. The doctor then switches places with the nurse. When seeing Lamar still has his pants down, the doctor tries to rape him, but Lamar hides in the closet. While the nurse and Lavonia have sex using the nurse's double-ended dildo, the doctor uses various weapons to force Lamar out of the closet. Lamar eventually beats the doctor up and interrupts Lavonia and the nurse. An arrangement of Prince Igor is played in the background through out the dentist scene. Lamar decides his cure lies in faith. After dropping him off at the radio station (a power station), Lavonia goes home and has sex once again with the truck driver. Lamar takes his pants off in front of Eufaula Roop's booth and reveals an erection. She immediately goes off the air. When Lamar tells her he wants to be saved, she sends him to her cleansing room (a bathroom) while she changes clothes. Lamar lies inside a water filled bathtub as a robe wearing Eufaula Roop stands above him and baptizes (and almost drowns) him. Suddenly she takes her robe off, sits down on him and rapes him, all the while preaching to her listeners about his salvation. Lamar heads off home, punches the truck driver and has vaginal sex with Lavonia. After Eufaula Roop leans back on her chair and moans, the teenager Rhett climbs from under her desk and she takes him to the bathtub. The narrator heads off to his own home, where the teenager Rhett, his son, has anal sex with the narrator's huge breasted younger Austrian wife, SuperSoul (Uschi Digard).
tt0100168
Drama,Music,Romance
Brooklyn, New York 1969. A group of four boys walk up to Bleek Gilliam (Zakee L. Howze)'s brownstone rowhouse and ask him to come out and play baseball with them. Bleek's mother insists that he continue his trumpet lesson, to his chagrin. His father becomes concerned that Bleek will grow up to be a sissy, and a family argument ensues. In the end, Bleek continues playing his trumpet, and his friends go away. 20 years later. The adult Bleek Gilliam (Denzel Washington) is performing on the trumpet at a busy nightclub with his jazz band, The Bleek Quintet. They make up of trumpeter Bleek, saxphone player Shadow Henderson (Wesley Snipes), pianist Left Hand Lacey (Giancarlo Esposito), drummer Bottom Hammer (Bill Nunn), and bass player Rhythm Jones (Jeff "Tain" Watts). Giant (Spike Lee), whom is the Quintet's manager and one of Bleek's former childhood friends, is waiting in the wings, and advises him to stop allowing his saxophone player Shadow Henderson to grandstand with long solos. The next morning Bleek wakes up with his girlfriend, Indigo Downes (Joie Lee). She leaves to go to college classes, while he meets his father by the Brooklyn Bridge for a game of catch, telling him that while he does like Indigo, he likes other women too and is not ready to make a commitment. Later in the day while he is practicing his trumpet, another woman named Clarke Bentancourt (Cynda Williams) visits him. She suggests he fire Giant as his manager; he suggests that they make love (which he refers to as 'mo better'). She bites his lip and he becomes upset about it, saying, "I make my living with my lips," as he examines the bleeding bottom lip. Giant is with his bookie, betting on baseball. Then he goes to the nightclub and argues with the doormen about what time to let the patrons into the club. He meets Bleek inside with the rest of the band, except for the pianist, Left Hand Lacey, who arrives late with his French girlfriend and is scolded by Giant. Later Giant goes to the club owners office, points out how busy the club has been since Bleek and his band began playing there, and unsuccessfully attempts to renegotiate their contract. The next morning, Giant meets his bookie (Ruben Blades), who is concerned that Giant is going too deep into debt. Giant shrugs it off, and places several new bets. He then stops off at Shadow's home to drop off a record. Shadow confides in him that he is cheating on his girlfriend. This leads to the next scene where Bleek is in bed with Clarke, and she asks him to let her sing a number at the club with his band, to which he declines. Bleek and Giant are fending off requests from the other members of the band, especially Shadow, for a raise due to the bands success at the club. Bleek goes to the club owners to see about more money, which they refuse, reminding him that it was Giant who locked him into the current deal. That night at the club, both Clarke and Indigo arrive at the club to see Bleek. They are wearing the same style dress, which Bleek had purchased for them both. Bleek attempts to work it out with each girl, but they are both upset with him over the dresses, and though he sleeps with them each again they leave him (after he calls each of them by the others' name). However, tension rises with Shadow, who has feelings for Clarke. Bleek and Giant go for a bike ride, where Bleek insists to Giant that he do a better job managing and bringing in money. Giant promises to do so, then asks Bleek for a loan to pay off his gambling debt. Bleek declines, and later Giant is apprehended by two loan sharks Madlock (Samuel L. Jackson) and Rod (Leonard L. Thomas) who demand payment. Giant can't pay and gets his fingers broken. Later Giant tells Bleek that he fell off his bike on the ride home, but Bleek does not believe him. Giant asks the other band members for money and Left loans him five hundred dollars. When loan sharks stake out Giant's home, he goes to Bleek for a place to stay. Bleek agrees to help him raise the money, but fires him as manager. Bleek misses both his girlfriends, leaving messages for each, but Clarke has begun a new relationship with Shadow. Bleek finds out about it, and fires Shadow from the band. The loan sharks track Giant down at the club before Bleek can come up with the money, take him outside and beat him while Bleek plays. Bleek goes outside to intervene, and gets beaten as well. Additionally, one loan shark (Madlock) takes Bleek's own trumpet, and smacks him across the face with it. This not only puts Bleek in the hospital, but it also permanently injures his lip, making him unable to continue playing trumpet. Months later, Bleek reunites with Giant, who has gotten a job as a doorman and stopped gambling. He drops into see Shadow and Clarke, who are now performing together with the rest of Bleek's former band. Shadow invites him on stage, and they play together. Bleek still has scars to his lips, and is unable to play correctly. He walks off the stage, gives his trumpet to Giant, and goes directly to Indigo's house. She is angry with him because she hasn't heard from him in over a year. She tries to reject him, but agrees to take him back when he begs her to save his life. A montage flashes through their wedding, the birth of their son, Miles (Jelani Asar Snipes), and Bleek teaching his son to play the trumpet. In the final scene of the movie, Miles (Arnold Cromer) is ten years old, and wants to go outside to play with his friends. Indigo wants him to finish practicing his trumpet lessons. However, Bleek relents and allows his son to leave and play. This final scene uses exactly the same dialogue as the (almost identical) opening scene, with changes only in the delivery of the dialogue leading to an alternate conclusion.
tt0069895
Action,Horror,Sci-Fi
One night in the rural town of Evans City, Pennsylvania, dairy farmer Mitchell goes berserk, and after slashing his wife's throat, smashes the furnishings before setting their house on fire, while his two young children watch in terror. The volunteer fire department is called into action, disrupting a sexual tryst between David, a Vietnam veteran who works as the high school coach and volunteer fireman, and his pregnant fiancée, Judy. Judy, who works as a nurse for Dr. Brookmyre, is then summoned to the office by the doctor to help treat the traumatized Mitchell children. When she arrives, she is puzzled to find a man wearing a gas mask administering orders and tending to the children. As the firemen make their way to the Mitchell farm, they are puzzled by the sudden arrival of a platoon of soldiers. Back at the doctor's office, Major Ryder, who is in charge of the soldiers, orders some his men to don protective clothing, then gas masks, then announces that he is instituting an emergency quarantine and sealing off the town. Dr. Brookmyre, concerned about Judy's unborn baby, pulls the nurse aside to explain that a highly contagious virus has attacked the town. After inoculating Judy with an antibiotic to protect her against the virus, the doctor gives her a dose to administer to David, then urges her to slip out of the office, find David and isolate themselves from townspeople who may be carrying the disease. As the soldiers begin to occupy the town, David, worried about Judy, drives back to town, accompanied by his friend, Clank, who is also a war veteran. While Colonel Chris Peckem is dispatched to Evans City to take command of the situation, Ryder confers on the phone with Brubaker and other officials at central headquarters. Unknown to the people in Evans City, a plane carrying a biological weapon has crashed over the town days earlier, sending a deadly virus into its water supply. Knowing that the virus will cause either death or insanity, the military plans to drop a nuclear bomb on Evans City as a last resort. Dr. Watts, the head of TRIXIE, the team developing the virus, is also dispatched to Evans City. Dr. Watts asserts that the mission has not been carefully considered because a technician should have been sent into the field while the lead scientists remained at headquarters to analyze their findings. In their rush to make decisions without considering their ramifications, Brubaker and the other self-important officials order that martial law be instituted and the population be sequestered at the local high school. Soon after, soldiers in protective suits break into people's homes, pulling frightened children from their beds to deliver them to the high school. After Peckem arrives, he orders a second perimeter to be set up to prevent anyone from leaving town. When the mayor, who is also a lawyer, threatens to sue Peckem for abrogating civil liberties, Peckem orders the local police disarmed, and when one officer refuses, he is shot dead by the soldiers. As the disease slowly poisons Evans' population, one farmer resists the quarantine and fires at the soldiers, while his daughter calmly plays the piano and his wife stabs one of the soldiers with her knitting needles. Meanwhile, Clank, David and Judy have been apprehended by some soldiers and thrown into a van carrying Artie Bolman, his daughter Kathy and Clyde Winston, who is showing signs of insanity. When the van driver slams on his brakes, the prisoners escape and commandeer the vehicle. Winston, however, elects to stay behind, raving madly on the street. Upon arriving in Evans City, Dr. Watts announces to Peckem and Ryder that there is no antidote for the virus. Peckem blames the doctor for the situation and the doctor, in turn, accuses the major of blundering by forcing him into the field with no equipment. Meanwhile, Clank, Judy, David, Artie and his daughter seek refuge in an abandoned house for the night. Kathy begins to exhibit signs of dementia. As open rebellion spreads throughout the countryside, Peckem orders resistors to be shot and their bodies burned. Deciding to proceed to the Saunders farm on the outskirts of the perimeter, the fugitives witness the soldiers gunning down an entire family and setting their bodies on fire as their young son watches. When Kathy begins to giggle at the massacre, Clank suggests leaving the Bolmans behind. Just then, a surveillance helicopter flies overhead, spotting the fugitives. When the helicopter opens fire on them, Clank and David shoot it down. Waiting until the cover of nightfall, the fugitives make their way to the Saunders house, where Clank kills the guards in cold blood. Sickened by Clank's unwarranted violence, David realizes that his friend has been contaminated by the disease. By this time, Artie has also contracted the disease, and believing that Kathy is his late wife, rapes her. Witnessing this, Clank pulls Artie off Kathy, and soon after, Judy finds Artie's body hanging from a rafter above the cellar stairs. Kathy runs outside, and as she chases some sheep, soldiers appear and order to her freeze, but when she keeps advancing toward them, they shoot her. Judy, David and Clank flee into the woods surrounding the house, but when Clank becomes aware that he is losing his mind, he charges the soldiers, and after running out of bullets is shot in the head by them. In the lab, meanwhile, Watts analyzes blood samples taken from diseased victims in the hope of developing an antidote. Discovering a potential cure, Watts hurries to see Peckem without going through proper channels. Turned away by the soldiers, who mistake him for the diseased, Watts is herded into the crazed crowd sequestered at the high school. Swept down the stairs in the chaos, the doctor drops the vials of antidote and is knocked unconscious and dies. As Judy begins acting strangely, David explains to her that they must wait until nightfall to escape and conceals her behind a wall of concrete blocks while he hides in a watch tower. Soon after, several soldiers arrive, and one decides to search the watch tower. Knocking the soldier unconscious, David dons his protective suit and gas mask. When the other soldiers discover Judy, David knocks them unconscious. After David frees Judy from her brick hiding place, some townsfolk arrive and, mistaking David for one of the soldiers, fire and hit Judy. David reflexively shoots them all down, sparing just one boy, who calls out, Coach. Horrified at what he has done, David cradles Judy in his arms, who before dying, tells him she can feel the baby kicking. Soon after, Peckem reports to Brubaker that with over 1,500 people dead and the rest insane, the situation is now under control. To Peckem's dismay, Brubaker informs the exhausted, disillusioned colonel that the disease has spread to Louisville, Kentucky, and that he is being dispatched there to deal with the situation. As Peckem is about to leave, David, the only person who is immune to the disease, and whose blood could provide an antidote, is brought in by the soldiers, who refuse to administer an immunity test to him. David does not inform the soldiers of his immunity. The final scene shows a disconcerted Colonel Peckem boarding a helicopter to Louisville, leaving behind a town in chaos with no end in sight.
tt0099566
Drama,Thriller
Couple of lads down the wesht fightin' about who owns the field.
tt0107664
Horror
Howard P. Lovecraft (Jeffrey Combs) is the narrator who says that he found out that the Necronomicon book was located somewhere in America, guarded by some monks. He wanted to find it to use it for his writings. In there book, the secrets to the universe, past, present and future. Lovecraft goes to a mysterious library because he wants to fact-check his writings, as he alleges he presents possibilities and not fiction in his writing. The attendant (Juan Fernández) gives him the 3rd volume of an alchemy enclyclopaedia, and reminds him that, if he tries to steal anything, his priviledges will be revoked. He uses the librarian keys to open the vault. There is a safe in that room. The door closes by itself and the safebox, which has no key, opens by itself as well. Inside, there it is: the Necronomicon , also called The Book of Death , which turns itself off when Lovecraft touches it. On Lovecraft carrying away, we can see something opening up. The letter Y written in the Gothic style appears. There is a kind of ominous resounding which startles the librarian (Tony Azito) and the two attendants. In his humble notebook, Lovecraft starts writing: Story 1: The Drowned Edward De Lapoer (Bruce Payne) has returned to America by ship to inherit his family's estate. The young female lawyer Nancy Gallmore (Belinda Bauer) took on his case from his late father with the rest of the practice. There was a problem with the writing and pronunciation of Edward's surname, until she finally found him in Sweden. They enter the hotel, now almost derelict since Uncle Jethro (Richard Lynch) used to manage it sixty years ago. She advises him to sell it as soon as possible, because there are underground rivers which create caves which will make the hotel cramble down in the non-too-distant future. The wooden planks on the floor keep on breaking under them. Once, she falls down to Edward's arms, and once, Edward falls down the stairs, also causing a sicle fall close to a well or pond beneath. Nancy makes a comment about the hotel not liking Edward, because when she had seen it before, with her assistant Kevin, they didn't have any problem at all. Once on the first floor in the bedroom, Edward focuses on the portrait of beautiful aunt Emma (Denice D. Lewis), who was mysteriously dead and, some days later, was the probable cause of uncle Jethro's death , who was found below the balcony, which overlooks the beach. Edwards goes to the balcony and look to the sea landscape. He can't avoid remembering his own past. He was driving with Clara (Maria Ford). The car falls to the water because he gets distracted. He survives and she dies. The forensics doctor (William Jess Russell) treats her corpse brutally. Nancy gives Edward a document which Jethro left with the will. She advises him to make the place happier, or sell it quickly, because of its bad reputation. A storm breaks out and Edward sets on the fire. Jethro wrote that he committed suicide. He was travelling by ship with Emma and Yon (Peter Jasienski), their son. There is a shipwreck and he survives. He wakes up to attend them at the funeral. Distraught, he throws the bible to the fire and tells to all attendants that god is not welcome to his home again. He caresses the dead corpse of Emma. When he wakes up, a kind of monstruous alligator dressed with seaweed enters the foyer and tells him to open the book only when he's on his own. Jethro tells him to wait for him, but it's too late; it's gone. The book is full of electricity. Jethro follows the instructions of an incantation to mend the untimely loss. The incantation is to Cthultu, and says that death is only sleep. He uses his own blood, which falls down. Yon and Emma immediately wake up. Yon and Emma become octopussy-monsters with glittering eyes. Jethro, before commutting suicide, says that his beloved are now watching the book. Edward moves the table to see the area where the incantation was performed. The magical circle is still drawn on the floor. He looks for the Necronomicon with fury. A tentacle gives him the idea of looking behind Emma's portrait. Behind it, there lies the Necronomicon . Clara arrives in the morning, whispering "Eddie". She asks him to let her in. He cries because the car accident was his fault. Clara tries to make love to him. She says she's tired of making bubbles, and tries to suck his blood with her octopus tentacles. He cuts her with a sword and Clara becomes a huge tentacled monster below the ground. Edward jumps to the lamp to kill the monster. Edward leaves through the ceiling, and looks to the sunny day in the sea. Cut to Lovecraft, who sees a monster below the room where he's in. One of the assistants wonder whether he'll be so stupid as to try it, and the other says that he'll, because he's only human. The room is getting colder and colder, Story 2: The Cold In the planet of Lost, there is a heat wave, and only a man is calm and cool about it, but this man is imprisoned by his own devices. Dale Porkel (Dennis Christopher), a reporter from the Boston Journal, calls on Amy Osterman to talk about 11 corpses which have been appearing around the neighbourhood for 40 years. It's freezing inside, but Amy says that she's got an illness which makes sunlight and heat harmful to her. Amy's mother prepares tea. Dale talks about Dr. Richard Madden (David Warner), who may be alive after 80 years. Dale tells her to talk to him or the cops. Amy's mother arrived to London to study the flute. Emily Osterman (Bess Meyer) arrives to Boston in a yellow cab, rents a room to Lena Kamen (Millie Perkins), who lives with Dr. Madden. He never leaves his room on the third floor. A chain-smoking man watches the house from his car. Emily is having a shower, but feels something strange. There is water spilling, and Sam (Gary Graham), threatens her because he loves her. He tries to rape her, so she runs upstairs to the third floor. Dr Madden stabs Sam in his hand. Lena looks at Sam Linder, who has stumbled down the stairs. Dr. Madden bandages Emily's head. She says that Sam was her stepfather. Dr. Madden says that the frigid temperatures are because of a skin condition he has. Emily wonders at the ammonium leaking down to her room, and Dr. Madden says that it was a mistake of his. He prescribes some pills to her. That night, Emily looks at blood spilling down to her room. She goes up and sees Dr. Madden and Lena performaning some strange surgery on Sam. Emily passes out. She wakes up in a blooded bed and they convince her she had a dream. Dr. Madden cuts a finger: he's got not blood, but a pinkish liquid. Emily gets a job at Al's, a restaurant nearby. Mr Hawkins (Curt Lowens) will give her a job is she gets a good tip from two cops (Sebastian White & James Paradise), who are looking for Sam Linder. Emily runs to bang on Dr. Madden's door. He admits that his research has led him to poverty. Emily wants to leave. Dr. Madden feels sick because it's warmer downstairs. She is not annoyed about him hurting Sam - he was dead anyway -, but about him lying to her. Emily covers him in a bath of ice because Lena has gone out. She gives her hand to him. He explains about the Necronomicon. There is a virus which dies and can be revived with water, and it helps to stop growing old. Dr. Madden doesn't love Lena, although she seems to love him. He injects a serum to a rose, which immediately becomes a bud again. It'll never die, says Dr. Madden, and it's become cold. Lena sees Dr. Madden and Emily making love in the conservatory. Lena appears with a knife, and tells her that she must be prepared to kill or be killed for him. Emily runs away. Back to Amy, who says that Emily left Dr. Madden, but she was pregnant, so she had to go back to him. Lena and Dr. Madden are trying to kill Al. Lena wants to kill Emily. Richard tells her not to do it. A fire starts, burning Richard's face. He says that, without fresh spinal fluid, he'll lose all his senses. Dr. Madden melts away and dies muttering Emily's name. Lena saves Emily only because of the baby, and that Amy was that baby. Dale says that three more corpses appeared after Dr. Madden's death. Dale realises that "Amy" is Emily. As soon as she takes out her shades, Amy is clearly Emily, who hasn't grown old, and picks the rose which Madden had given that injection.She got that disease from him; in fact, she died from Lena's shot. Emily has poisoned Dale with the tea. She wants to keep well-stocked. In order to keep feeling his baby inside her, she must have fresh spinal fluid as well. A white-haired Lena gives a screaming Dale an injection. Back to Lovecraft, who feels more and more warm-up. One of the monks checks on him. Armed with a knife, he approaches the safebox. The monk checks that the door is securely locked. Now, the letter W appears engraved. Story 3: Whispers Downtown Philadelphia's wasteland is inhabited by somebody who people call The Butcher. Police officer Sarah (Signy Coleman) is driving like crazy after him. Her partner on the force, Paul (Obba Babatundé) thinks that she's driving like a maniac because they made love together but he didn't want to have a relationship with her afterwards; he even offers to quit if she stops behaving like crazy. Sarah is afraid of being a mother. The butcher leaves his car and ges away on foot. The police car bumps onto the abandoned car and it flips over. A man with pink-coloured boots takes alive Paul away. Sarah is badly hurt as well. She tries to contact control, but there is only static. She follows the trail of blood and opens a door, some pigeons scare her. There is a dark long corridor; the butcher pulls from Paul and enters onto an elevator. Sarah shoots the controls of the lift. She falls down a hole but, luckily, she had tripped onto a thread of coil, so she is left hanging upside down but without dying. She reaches the elevator shaft - which is located in an abandoned factory. She finds a weirdly-looking man. Harold Benedict (Don Calfa) says that the building is his, so that the butcher should pay him rent. She threatens him with her gun so that he opens a door, but he says that he's lost all the keys, and that the building swallows things and people as though they never existed. She wants to go down below, so he takes her though a series of corridors. Mrs. Daisy/Lilly/Rose Benedict (Judith Drake), his blind wife, shoots them. Harold says that he's just called the police. The couple lives in a makeshift room in the abandoned building, and Sarah sees the Necronomicon , but doesn't particularly call her attention. Harold shows him a backdoor door to the corridor, where there are signs of further blood droplets. Sarah feels pain in her tummy. Mrs. Benedict immediately feels that she's pregnant, and she starts arguing with Harold about the reasons why they didn't have any children, ...which annoys Sarah some more. She screams for them to shut up and take her to the tunnel. Harold has to clear out the entrance and she forces him to go with her. Lilly tells Sarah that it's scary to bring a new life to this world, and she guesses correctly that her partner is the father. Sarah forces Harold to go with her. Lilly tells her that the butcher is an alien and was around even before the dinosaurs. In the tunnel, there are corridors akin to an Egyptian pyramid. Harold goes by lighting candles. They follow Paul's trail. Suddenly, there are two trails of blood, because Paul is not the first one to be down there. Harold thinks that the Butcher works for the aliens, but that he's human. The encriptions on the walls are of human sacrifises. Sometimes, Sarah feels something, like whispers in the wind. It looks as though somebody were following them. Harold steps on more blood, so he produces the pair of pinky boots and puts them on. Sarah gets angry on recognising the pair of boots, so she aims at him. At that moment, a hand with a stick throws one of the candles to the floor. Harold calls for Daisy / Rose, but Sarah thinks that if Harold is not the butcher, Daisy must be. She shouts that they are not married and that she is the person who is turning off all the lights. Harold tells her that if she kills her baby, Sarah will be the real butcher. Daisy/Rose/Lilly appears and sets her on fire, and pushes her down a hole. The couple take the ladder out of the hole, leaving Sarah for dead. She puts off the fire with her jacket. There are plenty of bloodied skeletons around, and a octopus-like arm goes after her. She gets up an engraved stone and promises to have the baby. She shoots the walls, which bleed a green gooey. She steps down from that weird-looking shrine and tends to Paul's call. However, his head is mostly disappeared and you can see to the other side. Paul attacks Sarah, who shoots him repeatedly. The gory alien bats have taken Pauls' brain. It says that they need them to reproduce, and advises Sarah to watch the walls. They spring from the walls and corner her. When she wakes up, Harold and Daisy tell them that she'd better look at her situation as a transition, that she won't have to pay rent, and that she'll think everything was a nightmare. The aliens are hungry for the bone medule. Sarah wakes up at hospital. Harold is the doctor, and Daisy is Sarah's mother. Sarah caused herself an abortion, and her mother forgives her if she'll forgive herself. She enquires about Paul, who is brain dead in the bed besides hers. Paul has been completely taken, and they are feeding him green goo. Sarah shouts. Her mother tells her to shut up because she's gonna scare the baby. Sarah asks her what she's talking about, as she had said that the baby was dead. The mother says that the baby is not dead, it's only that Sarah was not fit to be a mother. She opens up her blouse and shows the baby being inside the womb of one of those alien-bat creatures. Sarah screams, punches her shades away and screams at her empty eye sockets. With that motion, she realises that she's lost half of one of her arms. She screams and the hospital sheets gets pulled over. We can see she's lost her two legs as well. Daisy and Harold are pushing Sarah down. Now the hospital bed is at the cave, and the creatures approach Sarah. They are sucking the narrow bones of Sarah's dettached limbs. Daisy pushes Sarah down and stays with her. Harold wants to leave, but it's Sarah who has the keys. The monk from the beginning tells Lovecraft that now that everything is over, he only has to unlock the door. Lovecraft says he's lost it. The monk calls him a fool and tells him to put the Necronomicon back to its place. Something is rising from below the floor. The book starts to work and tentacles stop Lovecraft from leaving. The monk enters through the bars of the rail. Lovecraft cuts the tentacles of the monster creature with the knife he'd disguised as his walking stick. The monk says that the secrets of the Necronomicon have to be paid with his life. Lovecraft reveals the monster behind the skin of the monk. The monk forces him to face and await the starfish-like monster which is travelling from behind the vault. The door opens itself, letting Lovecraft go. Lovecraft walks out non-chalantly. The cab driver is talking to a police officer. He leaves among admonitions of danger, because he's released a great danger. The taxi driver (Brian Yuzna) speaks to Lovecraft. He is happy, because he's carrying the Necronomicon with him. ---written by KrystelClaire
tt0077714
Comedy,Music,Romance
It's early 1964, and Beatlemania is in full swing. It is only days away before the Fab Four appear on CBS' 'The Ed Sullivan Show,' and records are flying off store shelves. In a small town in New Jersey, we are introduced to several characters. These include: Rosie Petrofsky (Wendie Jo Sperber), a Beatles fanatic and devoted fangirl of Paul McCartneyPam Mitchell (Nancy Allen), a quiet girl who is engaged to be married soonJanice Goldman (Susan Kendall Newman), a girl who feels that the Beatles music is encroaching on other, more talented musiciansGrace Corrigan (Theresa Saldana), a girl who works for the school newspaper, looking to get her big break With time getting closer and closer to the Beatles appearing on the Ed Sullivan Show, the girls hatch a plan to go to New York City and find some way to get on the Ed Sullivan Show and see the Beatles. The girls convince Larry Dubois (Marc McClure) to 'borrow' his Dad's Cadillac, and they take off for New York. However, they are soon joined mid-trip by local 'bad boy' Tony Smerko (Bobby DiCicco). Arriving in New York, Larry drives them to the Plaza Hotel where the Beatles are staying, only to find Police on patrol, keeping numerous girls at bay from charging the front doors of the hotel. Tony manages to create a diversion that allows Rosie, Pam and Janice to enter the hotel. From here on out, all of the kids end up going on their own little adventures: Rosie almost makes it to the Beatles' room, but is caught by security. She soon meets Richard 'Ringo' Klaus (Eddie Deezen), who is hiding out in the Plaza Hotel and who is also trying to meet the Beatles. Pam ends finding herself in the Beatles' room by accident, but all her thoughts of her impending marriage are put on hold as she wanders around the room in awe of where she is. Grace manages to sneak backstage onto the Ed Sullivan show set, but is almost caught by a security guard. The guard says that if she can pay him $50, he'll let her backstage during the Beatles' appearance. Janice and Tony manage to help a young boy whose Father wants him to cut his Beatles-like haircut, with the promise that Janice and Tony can have the extra tickets he has to the Ed Sullivan show. In the end, almost everyone manages to get a ticket to the performance. Rosie manages to answer a phone-in trivia question, helping her and Richard get in. Pam is found in the Beatle's hotel room suite, and their manager gives her a free pass to the night's show. The show then goes as planned, and it almost seems that the night will end badly for Larry and Grace who were not able to get in...when they find the Beatle's manager shoving the boys in the back of Larry's black Cadillac, thinking it's their transportation back to the Plaza.
tt0083624
Comedy,Horror
Dr Julius Liflander (Bill Freeman) tries to leave his home/laboratory, but he gets scared by the movement of the surrounding trees. Back home, he locks himself up and tries to call the police. A huge hand attacks him and kills him viciously. Duane Bradley (Kevin Van Hentenryck) arrives to New York from the northern small town of Glen Falls, to the ugly Hotel Broslin. Anthony (Robert Vogel), the hotel manager, mocks him and asks for twenty bucks a night. Duane is loaded, pays in cash and is given room 7. On her way up, Josephine (Dorothy Storngin) chit-chats about the old guest in his room. Once inside his room, Duane unlocks his basket and feeds it a huge quantity of hamburgers. Duane reads a thick volume of medical papers, where he appears as a patient. At night, Belial, the body in the basket, tries to talk to him, but Duane only wants to sleep. We know that Belial can leave the basket on his own. Casey warns Duane that Bryan "Mickey" O'Donovan (Joe Clarke) was peeping through the keyhole because he saw the wad of bills which Duane had. Duane takes the basket to see Dr Harold Needleman MD (Lloyd Pace). Sharon (Terri Susan Smith) is the receptionist. She tries to make small conversation with Duane, who sees Dr Needleman under the name of Duane Smith. Duane rejects Sharon at first, but then he asks for her number and sets on a date. Needleman looks at the huge scars on the right side of Duane's body. When Needleman gets rid of Duane, he tries to contact Lifflander and when he can't, he phones Dr Judith Kutter (Diane Browne), who reminds him to deny any knowledge of Glen Falls. Duane goes to the cinema to see a martial arts film and dozes off. A thief (Tom Robinson) steals the basket and is attacked by Belial when he opens the basket. After Sharon has left, Duane leaves and opens the box. Belial is free to terrorize and kill Needleman, and also takes Needleman's address book. Duane buys a television set for Belial, so that he can go out with Sharon. They kiss, but as Belial has a telepathic link with Duane, he gets frantic and messes up room 7. All the guests and the receptionist run to see what happens and they enter the room. O'Donovan realizes where the cash money is. Apart from the mess, nothing strange appears on the room. They all leave, but O'Donovan comes back to take the money. He is attacked and killed by Belial on room 8. Duane feels sick because of Belial's terror, so he comes back running to the Broslin Hotel. A detective (Kerry Buff) asks Duane about a dog in his hotel room, but finds nothing. Belial had hidden in the toilet. Duane takes the basket to a bar, where he gets drunk, while Casey keeps him company. Duane spills his life story to her, but she doesn't believe him. Duane talks about their mother, who died giving birth to them. He and Belial were brought up by their aunt (Ruth Neuman), as their father (Richard Pierce) would like to kill them both, especially Belial. A social worker (Ilze Balodis) visits them, as Aunt has asked for custody. She is terrified when he sees a younger Duane (Sean McCabe) with Belial at his right side of the body. Father thinks that Belial is not even a person. No doctor dares to try to separate both twin brothers, as it would mean the death of Belial, but finally, three doctors perform the surgery. At night, Duane is woken up. He picks Belial up from a rubbish bag put out with the rest of the rubbish. That night, when Belial recovers, kills Father by cutting him in half. Aunt will keep on taking care of the brothers. After this story, back at the Broslin Hotel, Casey puts Duane to bed and leaves. Back on her room, Casey realizes that Belial is there, caressing her. She screams and wakes all the guests up. Belial is gone fast. He has stolen Casey's underwear, and takes it with him to his basket. Dr Kutter is a veterinarian. A dog barks at the basket in the waiting room. With plenty of noise and blood, Belial kills her. Sharon visits Duane after she comes to know that Dr Needleman is dead. They try to make love but Belial doesn't want Duane to have or sex, or be in love, or be independent. Duane gets angry with Belial for the first time. Belial hesitates in killing Duane. Duane dreams of himself running naked through the city. Sharon is sleeping naked. Duane touches her in a dream and then he starts making love to her. Suddenly, he wakes up. He realizes that it was not a dream: Belial is making love to her. By that, Belial is killing her with lots of blood spilled all over the place. Duane is so angry with Belial that he tries to kill him. Duane takes Belial back to the hotel where they fight until both tumble out the window to their deaths.
tt0102116
Drama
Reminiscent of Richman Poorman, this movie plays like a greek tradgedy with no happy endings. A tale of two brothers that fill stereotypical roles of one brother favored with a half full indulgent take on life balanced with a younger brother that radiates impending doom. Tough and often wrong decisions pepper this movie and lead the viewer to believe for a moment it might be possible for a happy ending. A final decision at the end of the movie leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. Opinion: Eric Roberts would have been perfect for the role of 'the indian runner'.
tt0076137
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Herbie, the living #53 Volkswagen Beetle automobile with a human personality, arrives in Le Havre, France with Herbie's owner and driver, Jim Douglas (Dean Jones), and mechanic, Wheely Applegate (Don Knots). They drive to Paris for the Trans France Race Exposition, where Herbie is dismissed by the crowd and ridiculed by rival driver Bruno von Stickle (Eric Breaden). Wheely, however, is confident that they can win despite Herbie not having raced in 12 years. Meanwhile, Monsieur Ribeaux places a $6 million diamond on display at a nearby museum. It is protected by a security system, but two thieves, Max (Bernard Fox) and Quincey (Roy Kinnear), hide in the museum and contrive to steal the diamond. The museum's alarm sounds and the thieves escape into the crowd at the exposition, where Max slips the diamond into Herbie's fuel tank and plans to retrieve it later. Inspector Bouchet (Jacques Marin) and his assistant, Det. Fontenoy, interview Ribeaux and check the scene for clues. Later, during a qualification heat at a racetrack, Herbie acts strangely after falling in love with another car, a Lancia named Giselle. Giselle's driver, Diane Darcy (Julie Sommers), takes an instant dislike to Jim and thinks he has a bias against female race car drivers. After the qualifying runs, the cars are put on display in a building on the Avenue Champs-Élysées. During a presentation, Max and Quincey turn off the lights to retrieve the diamond, but Herbie, having spotted Giselle outside, slips away undetected. In front of a café, Herbie flirts with Giselle, causing a waiter to think he is seeing things. Herbie catches a glimpse of himself in a mirror and notices that he is covered in oil, so he takes a shower in a fountain, picks a bouquet of flowers for Giselle and leads her to frolic in a park and along the Seine River. Diane is incensed to discover that her car has disappeared and is not surprised to find that Herbie is involved. Diane, Jim, and Wheely find Herbie and Giselle taking a romantic cruise on the river. Back at their hotel, Jim and Wheely are questioned by Bouchet and Fontenoy. Outside, Max and Quincey attempt to retrieve the diamond, but Herbie eludes them. The next day at the racetrack, during the second round of qualifying, Herbie can only focus on Giselle. However, in showing off, the Volkswagen sets a course record and qualifies for the Trans France race. Giselle also wins her heat and ties Herbie's record. Afterward, Jim tries to explain to Diane that the cars have fallen in love, but she thinks he is crazy. Later, on the highway, Max and Quincey attempt to pull Herbie over at gunpoint, resulting in a chase through a gypsy camp. Herbie escapes, but Wheely and Jim suspect Diane and accuse her of hiring thugs to knock them out of the race. When confronted at her hotel, she reacts by hurling a vase at Jim's head. Max calls his boss, Double-X, who is actually Inspector Bouchet, to tell him that they have encountered complications and lost Herbie. However, Jim and Wheely walk into Bouchet's office during the call and ask that Herbie be protected for the night. Bouchet volunteers to personally look after Herbie, but the enthusiastic Fontenoy drives off in the car, promising to hide it where no one can find it. The next day, as the race from Paris to Monte Carlo, Monaco, is about to begin, Fontenoy and Herbie have still not arrived. As they wait for the start, Diane and Jim trade apologies and wish one another luck. When Giselle refuses to start because she misses Herbie, Wheely and Jim tell her that the Volkswagen is a cad and she should forget about him; when the race begins, the Lancia joins the other cars. Shortly after, Fontenoy arrives with Herbie, secured in an armored truck. Max and Quincey, posing as fuel attendants, wait for Herbie to fill up his tank so they can recover the diamond. However, Fontenoy filled him up earlier and Herbie is ready to belatedly join the race. To get him started, Wheely tells him that Giselle has jilted him and the little car takes off in a huff, quickly making up ground. Fontenoy senses something is wrong and suggests that Bouchet should search Herbie, but the inspector tells him they will have to wait until the end of the race. Bouchet instructs Max and Quincey to get the diamond in Monte Carlo. Fontenoy, thinking he is helping, spoils the plan by asking the officials in Monte Carlo to search Herbie upon arrival. Back in the race, Herbie catches Bruno von Stickle, who runs him off the road and into a pond, but Herbie battles back and causes Von Stickle to spin out. As the racers reach the Alps, Max and Quincey take a helicopter into the mountains and alter a road sign so that Herbie takes a wrong turn down a dirt road. Lost, Jim stops to consult a map and Wheely yodels for help triggering an avalanche. As they outrun the rocks, Max and Quincey await, armed with guns. Herbie squirts them with windshield wiper fluid and Wheely yodels, causing another avalanche and allowing the Volkswagen to escape to the race. Herbie makes up lost ground and catches Von Stickle, but has engine trouble and the team is forced to pull over. Wheely reaches into the fuel tank and discovers the diamond. Max and Quincey arrive by helicopter and demand he hand over the jewel. A fistfight ensues and Jim and Wheely tie up their assailants with rope. Back in the race, Herbie passes every car except Giselle, who has swerved off the road into a lake. Jim wants to stop, but Wheely and Herbie wish to continue until Jim confesses that Wheely lied about Giselle jilting Herbie; the Volkswagen makes a u-turn and pulls Giselle and Diane from the lake. Herbie does not want to leave Giselle, but Diane convinces him to return to the race. As the team leaves the mountains and enters Monte Carlo, Herbie catches the lead cars and passes them one by one through the winding streets. In the final tunnel, Herbie passes Von Stickle by driving upside-down on the ceiling. Herbie, Jim and Wheely cross the finish line and celebrate their victory. Bouchet arrives to congratulate them, but before Jim can hand over the diamond, Fontenoy inadvertently unravels the caper, revealing that Inspector Bouchet was the mastermind, Double-X. Bouchet pulls a gun and seizes the diamond, but Herbie apprehends him by rolling onto his foot. That night, Jim and Diane leave the Trans France Race gala, only to find Herbie has been "stolen" by Giselle. Jim asks a taxicab driver to take them to the most romantic spot in Monte Carlo. At the waterfront, Jim and Diane join Herbie and Giselle, along with Wheely and a female admirer, as they enjoy a fireworks show.
tt0073453
Crime,Mystery,Thriller
Four men in the movie stunt business join together to smuggle precious Mexican antiquities to the States. All are pilots except for mechanic Quentin (James Woods). One of the pilots, Tom Iverson (John Crawford), also has a charter business in the Florida Keys, used as a staging point for the smuggled goods. Iverson's girlfriend Paula (Jennifer Warren) is also in on the scheme. All of this occurs before the movie opens; all that follows happens during the film. Los Angeles private eye and former NFL player Harry Moseby (Gene Hackman) arrives at the Keys searching for Iverson's runaway, nymphet stepdaughter Delly (Melanie Griffith). Moseby was hired by Arlene Iverson, Tom's selfish ex-wife and a former actress. Arlene's only means of support is Delly, Arlene's daughter by her first husband. After Moseby takes the case, he discovers that his wife is cheating on him, but instead of talking to his wife Ellen (Susan Clark), he accosts the man she has been seeing, Marty Heller (Harris Yulin). Marty despises Harry for acting like a private eye instead of taking care of his own marital problems. Although they eventually reconcile, Ellen also despises Harry for treating her like a case subject instead of his wife. As Moseby follows the clues to Delly, he makes fast friends with stunt director Joey Ziegler (Ed Binns) who is keen to help Moseby find Delly. Moseby discovers that Quentin and stunt flier Marv Ellman (another smuggler) were both once involved with, and fought over, Delly, although Moseby has no suspicion of the other motives and machinations occurring under his nose. Moseby eventually finds Delly with Iverson and Paula in the Keys, and they allow Moseby to stay for a while as he tries to convince Delly to come back to L.A. with him. During a boating trip one night with Delly and Paula, they find Ellman's downed plane. Paula deceives Moseby about a marker she places at the crash, saying it is for the Coast Guard. It is really for Iverson who will come to the site later and retrieve the stolen goods from Ellman's plane. During this time, Paula seduces Harry to keep him occupied. Delly eventually comes back to L.A. with Moseby, finding Quentin waiting for her at Arlene's home. It is the last time Moseby sees Delly alive, with everyone at the house yelling at one another other while Harry drives away, not reflecting on the turmoil he has once again introduced into Delly's life. Arlene gets Delly some movie extra work but she dies in a car crash during a stunt in which Ziegler was driving, who lived but was badly injured. Moseby views film footage of Quentin under the car before the stunt and begins to suspect Quentin murdered Delly. Moseby confronts Quentin and accuses him of killing Delly because she discovered he killed Ellman out of jealousy. They fight but Quentin escapes. Moseby then tells Ziegler he thinks Quentin and Iverson are in on something but he doesn't know what. Moseby goes back to the Keys to find out. Moseby arrives at Iverson's charter business to find Quentin dead. Moseby then confronts Iverson who confesses to killing Quentin. Quentin thought Iverson killed Ellman to get a larger share of the smuggling proceeds, and Moseby had scared Quentin into thinking he was going to go down for Ellman's murder instead. Moseby struggles with Iverson and knocks him out, then is determined to finish things by having Paula help him locate the stolen artifacts. They find the marker previously left, and while Paula is underwater, a seaplane strafes the boat and Harry is injured. The plane lands and sees Paula surface along with a large stone sculpture. The plane runs her down but then collides with the sculpture, kicking out its pontoons. The plane then flies into the boat and begins to sink. Harry tries to get a glimpse of the pilot from the diving window built into the boat's keel: it is Ziegler, the last person he ever suspected. The movie ends with Harry unsuccessfully trying to steer the boat to shore - he succeeds only in going in circles.
tt2381111
Drama,Romance
The movie opens in the year 1951 in Enniscorthy, a medium-sized town in County Wexford in southeast Ireland. Eilis Lacy (Saoirse Ronan) (pronounced EYE-lish) is a young woman in her early 20s who seems unhappy as she prays in church with her mother Mary (Jane Brennan) and older sister Rose (Fiona Glascott). She then goes to work at a bakery store, run by the mean old Mrs. Kelly (Brid Brennan), who is very judgmental and critical. Eilis, who had tried to talk to Mrs. Kelly before her shift started but was rebuked, tells her that she is going to America. Her sister contacted a priest in America to sponsor her. She says she can work until she leaves, but is not permitted to do so. Mrs. Kelly guilts her for leaving her sister behind to take care of their mother for the rest of her life. Eilis is at home at dinner with her mother and Rose, who does not think so highly of Mrs. Kelly either. They talk about the weather and about Eilis buying clothes. That evening, Eilis meets up with her best friend Nancy (Eileen O'Higgins). They discuss boys, particularly one boy, George (Peter Campion), who seems to like Nancy. Eilis admits that she didn't put in more effort because she's going away soon. While the two girls are at a social, they awkwardly stand off to the side while couples dance. George comes over to Nancy and asks her to dance. Eilis watches then and then leaves. As Eilis is packing, Rose is surprised that she owns so little and wishes she looked after her better. This is part of the reason why Rose is sending her, because she can't buy Eilis a future. Eilis sets sail while her mother and sister watch, though their mother leaves early. Eilis and Rose cry while they blow each other a kiss. The ship appears to be full of mostly young people, being sent off by the older ones. On the ship, Eilis finds her room, with a bathroom being shared by two girls next door. Her roommate, Georgina (Eva Birthistle), soon comes in to kick her off of the bottom bunk. She declares the cabin Hell and that she should not have come home from America, claiming that she has already traveled to the USA and back to Ireland and is now going back to stay. She invites Eilis out of the room for a cigarette, who refuses saying that she doesn't smoke. Georgina tells Eilis she'll be back soon, unless she finds a man from first class to smoke with. Later, Eilis is the only one eating in the dining hall. She gets sick in the middle of the night and desperately has to use the bathroom, but the other girls had locked it from their side. She leaves her cabin and is forced to use a mop bucket to defecate in and when she comes back to the room, she throws up in a bucket there as well. When Eilis wakes up, her roommate is taking care of her. Georgina forces her way into their bathroom and then blocks the others using it with her suitcase. She then goes to get Eilis water. A day or two later, Eilis and Georgina talk outside on the ship's deck about her going to America. She is feeling better, as it's been hours since she's eaten. Her roommate tells her about America, what it's like, about letters, and how she'll meet people easily where she'll be living, in Brooklyn. When Eilis is eating again, her roommate is shocked by how pale and sick she still looks. She tries to dress her up so she won't be quarantined once she arrives. At immigration, Eilis looks quite different and lovely. Georgina's voice-over tells her how to get through, which involves thinking like an American. As Eilis steps out of a blue door, she is bathed in light. Eilis finds her new place, which is a boarding house where four other young Irish women live, which is run by the delightful gossipy, Mrs. Kehoe (Julie Walters). Eilis walks to Bartocci's, the department store where she now works. As she is putting her stuff away in her cubby locker, she is approached by another girl who tries to strike up a conversation. It's not just other girls Eilis is awkward with, but customers as well. She is told by her supervisor Miss Fortini (Jessica Pare) that she has to treat every customer like a new friend. Eilis keeps to herself and seems awkward. It is clear she misses home. On the day, Eilis had forgotten to check for mail, it turns out she had gotten letters from home. As soon as dinner is done she rushes up to read her letter, from Rose. She cries as she reads the letter. At work, a crying Eilis is still being watched by Miss Fortini. The supervisor asks her if she's crying because it's her time of the month, which it's not. She tells Eilis to take a few minutes off and sends her to the staff room. While there Eilis is approached by the Irish priest who had sponsored her, Father Flood (Jim Broadbent). He had been told she was doing so well that he didn't think she would need looking after. He lets her know that she has enrolled her in a bookkeeping night class at Brooklyn College. He says that they need Irish girls in Brooklyn, and she wishes she were back in Ireland. He assures her that she will feel wretched at first, but that it will then move on. The class does not seem to be an easy one, where they are learning about a Supreme Court case. Eilis is interested and doing well, though, and earnestly takes notes. During the break, a male classmate shares with her how hard he finds it. During dinner at the boarding house, they discuss their Christmas plans. Two of the brash women, Patty (Emily Bett Rickards) and Sheila (Nora-Jane Noone), make fun of Eilis, since she is going to be serving homeless men at the church who have no other place to go. At the church, Father Flood explains to Eilis when she asks that these men don't go home to Ireland because there is nothing there and they've lost touch. As a thank you, a man stands up to sing beautifully in Gaelic, which evokes emotion in Eilis as well as the other men. The music continues overhead during the film as the meal continues and is then cleaned up. Eilis walks home where she is greeted by Mrs. Kehoe. As the two have a drink, Mrs. Kehoe explains that with one girl leaving, Eilis will be offered the best room in the house, the basement, since she is pretty and sensible. The other girls indeed look differently at Eilis during the next dinner. Patty and Sheila will be going to the movies instead of to a dance. Mrs. Kehoe remarks that hopefully they will have better luck with their new boyfriends than the ones before. Eilis says she will take the new girl, Dolores (Jenn Murray), to the dance. Sure enough, the two girls just sit at an empty dance. Dolores talks about wanting to meet a guy. Patty and Sheila who had said they would go to the movies end up coming to the dance. They bring Eilis to the ladies room to put some lipstick on her and remarks that she looked like she had been milking cows. Eilis is dancing with a boy who is teaching her, though he quickly moves on to another girl. She is then approached by a boy, Tony (Emory Cohen), who had been watching her and they dance, including to a slow song. Tony asks Eilis where she lives and asks to walk her home. She says yes and then explains why, so he won't get the wrong idea. She points to Dolores and says that he'd be rescuing her from Dolores. While they're walking, he admits that he's not Irish, which she already knew. He explains that he's fully Italian-American. He came to the dance because he really likes Irish girls. Eilis makes him nervous as she teases him about if he danced with anyone else. Once Eilis arrives home, he asks to take her out on a date next week. She accepts and says goodnight. He watches her go in and leaves. While Tony and Eilis are out to eat on their first date, Eilis tells him about school and how she wants to be a bookkeeper and eventually an account. She wants to know about his plumbing work, but he would rather hear about bookkeeping, which she goes quite in depth about. She also tells him about Rose. She's been talking so much though that she hasn't eaten much. At the boarding house, Patty and Sheila are all knowingly smiling at Eilis. Mrs. Kehoe criticizes them and says Eilis is right not to say anything to those gossips. When they make fun of Tony's shoes, Mrs. Kehoe says she's going to ask the priest to talk about giddiness, the 8th deadly sin. Another time later, Tony is waiting outside of class for Eilis to take her home. While they're riding on the trolley together, he dances around the question before asking her if she wants to meet his family. He tells her Italian food is the best in the world, which she's never tried. They also make plans to go to the movies. At work, Eilis is now in a much better mood and easily talks to customers. Miss Fortini notices and says she's a different woman. Eilis offers it's because of Tony. Her supervisor says that since he doesn't talk about baseball or his mother too much she should keep him. At the boarding house, Patty and Sheila teach Eilis how to eat spaghetti, which she is trying to do with a fork and a spoon. Eilis writes to Rose about Tony, but asks that she not mention him to their mother. She tells Rose that he helps her feel like she has a life there that she didn't have before. Tony warns Eilis about his younger brother Frankie, who seems to be looking forward to causing trouble, though the family had tried to talk him out of it. At dinner, Eilis is much more of an expert at eating spaghetti, and even tells Tony's mother that she took classes. Frankie then bursts out that they don't like Irish people since one of his brothers got beaten up by an Irish street gang. He is then taken aside by their father. While Eilis shares how she is going to college for bookkeeping and working at the store, Frankie comes back to admit that he was a rude idiot, and they all applaud. One of Tony's brothers asks Eilis if Tony has talked to her about baseball, and they say that's how she'll see him in the summer if she goes with him. Tony is a Dodgers fan and jokes how it will be bad if their kids are Yankees or Giants fans. Frankie points out that Eilis isn't laughing and so must be a Yankees fan. Tony walks Eilis back home. Once they arrive, they hug goodnight. Tony says that he loves her. She thanks him for a lovely evening but is unable to say it back. While Eilis is looking at herself in the bathroom, another girl accidentally comes in. Eilis asks her why she isn't married, which turns out to be because her husband met somebody else and left her. When Eilis asks if she'd get married again, she says she, of course, would. Eilis isn't sure if somebody has asked her. The next time Eilis comes out of class, Tony isn't there. She is about to head home on her own when he shows up late. He seems awkward about last time and even though Eilis wants to talk about it, he changes the subject and talks about the job he had right before he came to that dance. She insists she talk though and lets him know that she loves him back. He was worried they were going to have a totally different kind of talk. Eilis asks him not to talk about their kids being Dodgers fans. Rose writes to Eilis, thanking her for her nylons and talking about her golf tournament. She can't wait to see her one day. Over dinner with their mother she is crying. Eilis brings her grades to Father Flood and says she has saved up enough money to pay for them on her own now, and to pay him back. He remarks how much she's changed. Mrs. Kehoe points out how Eilis is the first girl to have passed exams while living at her house. Eilis shares that Tony is taking her to Coney Island to celebrate. The girls tell her that she'll need to think carefully about her costume. Even Mrs. Kehoe agrees, since it'll be the most he'll have seen of her, and she won't want to turn him off. Eilis' supervisor helps her with bathing suits and comments on her needing to shave down there. She does compliment her full behind though and helps her into a nice green suit. Tony and Eilis seem to be enjoying Coney Island together. At the beach, though, Tony has to hold up a towel so that Eilis can change into her bathing suit. They certainly enjoy swimming and kissing in the water. Eilis writes to Rose to let her know she's really happy in America for the first time, and that it's because of Tony. He took her to a Dodgers game, and she's looking for office jobs. She'll even soon be able to afford coming home for a visit. In Ireland, Eilis and Rose's mother knocks on Rose's door and upon opening it, finds her dead. Back in New York, Eilis is approached by Father Flood while she is at work who tells her that her sister Rose had died back in Ireland. He explains that she likely knew she was sick with a terminal illness but didn't tell anyone. Eilis is upset that they're burying Rose without her being there, and she believes she'll never see her sister again. Father Flood says he thinks she will and that her sister will be watching over her. When the phone rings, Eilis hesitates but picks it up. It is her mother who tells Eilis about the funeral. She makes Eilis cry though with how she has no one. Father Flood comforts her. Eilis cries in Tony's arms while they're out to eat. He understand that she wants to go back to Ireland for her sister's funeral, but is afraid that he won't see her again. He says he wants to take her somewhere. Tony takes her out to Long Island, to an open space where he hopes to build houses for his family and be in a building company with his brothers. He asks Eilis to at least think about it, but she says she doesn't need to. Eilis can't sleep. Her mother back in Ireland is praying the rosary at church dressed in all black. Eilis gets up to go to Tony. She explains she needs to go home for just a month or two. He asks her to marry him before she goes. She's hesitant, but he says if they don't he'll go crazy. Eilis brings Tony to her room where she warns him if he makes any noise she'll get evicted. They make love, and when done they hear footsteps, though they fortunately stop. Eilis has Tony stay the night. The two are all dressed up to get married at City Hall. Tony plays ball with a little boy there and strikes up a conversation with his Irish father. He wants Eilis to meet them, but their name is called. When Tony drops Eilis off at home, they wonder what their children will think about such a story. Some time later, Eilis is back home in Ireland. As she walks out of church with her mother, she sees Nancy, who is engaged to George. Her mother already knew but wanted Eilis to hear it from Nancy. Eilis is invited to the wedding, which is set to take place after Eilis plans to leave, but her mother says she can stay. Eilis brings flowers to Rose's grave, which she is buried in the same plot as their late father (Note: the gravestone lists Eilis and Rose's father, Thomas Lacy, death on March 12, 1947, and Rose's death is listed as July 1, 1952). Eilis talks to Rose's gravestone about Tony and cries about how she wishes everything were different. They go through the letters of condolences with Eilis wondering if she'll keep going back and forth sending thank you notes. Nancy is there, and her mother sends her off. Nancy isn't there with their other friend Annette though, as Eilis had been expecting. Rather she and George have brought another young man along, Jimmy. Once they arrive at the rugby club, Eilis asks why Jimmy is there, who had broken off an engagement with another girl because he didn't think she was serious enough. She reminds Nancy that she's going back to the United States, but Nancy assures her she can have fun before they go back. While walking with Jimmy, he tells Eilis that he went to Rose's funeral and that her death was the saddest thing that happened in town. His mother knew her since they were in the golf club together. While talking to Nancy, George, and Jimmy, Eilis distinguishes how she lives in Brooklyn rather than Manhattan, which isn't very glamorous. Since she wants to be a bookkeeper like her sister, Jimmy says she should do some work before she goes back. George accuses him of wanting Eilis to stay, but Jimmy says he's just thinking of Eilis. Her mother is still up and asks about her evening and asks about Jimmy. He'll have his house to his own soon, and her mother says he's a catch. Eilis just says goodnight. Eilis returns home from shopping. She is told that she needs to go straightaway to her sister's old place of work to fix an accounting issue. It's a terrible mess for Eilis to work out. She makes it clear she'll make a system for the person after her and will not be staying. The boss comes into compliment Eilis. He asks about her certificate and wants her to continue working there part-time and that they will speak again, even though she's going back. The grave is now filled, and Eilis continues to bring flowers. Eilis goes to the beach with Nancy, George, and Jimmy. Since it's so different from Brooklyn, Jimmy wants to know if they must seem backward to Eilis, but she tells him they seem calm, civilized, and charming. Jimmy tells Eilis there will be a prize in Rose's name at the local golf club. They want Eilis to present the first prize and Jimmy's mother also wants to meet her. Eilis mentions she wishes it were like this before Rose died. While the other three have to change into their bathing suits under their towels, Eilis already has her bathing suit on. They remark it must be an American trick. Tony wants help from Frankie writing out his letter to Eilis, since he's written so many, and she's only written back once. While Tony's letter is read aloud, Eilis seems to be getting along just fine in Ireland, including with Jimmy. Eilis comes home to find a letter from Tony. She doesn't even read it but rather puts it in her drawer with the rest of the unopened letters. Jimmy and Eilis are having lunch. She remarks that he looks different and jokingly ask if he's come to trick her. He admits that his life must seem very easy to her and others, but it doesn't feel like that. He tells her how he wants to go places and how he doesn't want to die having never left Ireland. Eilis meets Jimmy's parents. Eilis makes an awkward comment about how Jimmy will not be alone forever. She tries to fix herself, but his mother just changes the subject. Eilis reads all of the letters and begins to write one to Tony but cannot think of what to say. Eilis and her mother go to Nancy's wedding with Jimmy. He offers to save them seats and Eilis and the mother remark what a gentleman he is and her mother mentions he came along at the right time. Jimmy looks happy until he sees Eilis is emotional. Eilis is told by an older woman that things are working out well for her. She tries to put off talk of Jimmy. But the woman presses on and hints that they'll soon be married. While Jimmy and Eilis dance at the wedding, Eilis seems conflicted. Jimmy wants to talk to her about their future. He wants her to stay with him in Ireland, though he puts off proposing for another time since he doesn't want to bombard her. Eilis thanks him, is grateful and flattered, she just envisioned a different life. He understands but says her life could be just as good or better. They embrace. Eilis is fetched by one of her former co-workers to go back to her old boss, Mrs. Kelly, to talk. She wants to know how she's been getting on with her job and Jimmy, but Eilis says it's just talk. She shares how a customer, Mrs. Brady, has a relative living in Brooklyn and so she knows Eilis was getting married. Eilis says she has forgotten what this town is like and asks what Mrs. Kelly was asking her to do and assures her that her name is her married name. Eilis composes herself outside and walks over to make the next reservation for New York. Eilis' mother is just chattering away until she notices Eilis and thinks something happened with Jimmy. Eilis breaks down and apologizes for not telling her about Tony, but she wants to be with him. Her mother doesn't seem to mind and just wants her husband to be nice and wonders when she is going back, which is tomorrow. She then goes to bed and only wants to say goodbye now and only once. Her mother hopes she'll write about him and says goodnight. Eilis looks around her room as she packs up her things. She looks out the window as she leaves but seems sure of herself. Jimmy reads a note sent under his door. Eilis is on the boat with a similar situation as the beginning with a young girl asking her about America. This young girl is going to live in Brooklyn as well. Eilis gives her similar advice. In the final scene, Eilis is there waiting for Tony coming out of work. Her voice-over discusses finding someone who'll make her realize that's where her life is. They're basked in light as she hugs Tony. Fade out.
tt0094924
Biography,Drama
Seventh-day Adventist Church pastor Michael Chamberlain, his wife Lindy, their two sons, and their nine-week-old daughter Azaria are on a camping holiday in the Outback. With the baby sleeping in their tent, the family is enjoying a barbecue with their fellow campers when a cry is heard. Lindy returns to the tent to check on Azaria and is certain she sees a dingo with something in its mouth running off as she approaches. When she discovers the infant is missing, everyone joins forces to search for her, without success. It is assumed what Lindy saw was the animal carrying off the child, and a subsequent inquest rules her account of events is true. The tide of public opinion soon turns against the Chamberlains. For many, Lindy seems too stoic, too cold-hearted, and too accepting of the disaster that has befallen her. Gossip about her begins to swell and soon is accepted as statements of fact. The couple's beliefs are not widely practised in the country, and when the media reports a rumour that the name Azaria means "sacrifice in the wilderness" (when in fact it means "blessed of God"), the public is quick to believe they decapitated their baby with a pair of scissors as part of a bizarre religious rite. Law-enforcement officials find new witnesses, forensics experts, and a lot of circumstantial evidenceincluding a small wooden coffin Michael uses as a receptacle for his parishioners' packs of un-smoked cigarettesand reopen the investigation, and eventually Lindy is charged with murder. Seven months pregnant, she ignores her attorneys' advice to play on the jury's sympathy and appears emotionless on the stand, convincing onlookers she is guilty of the crime of which she is accused. As the trial progresses, Michael's faith in his religion and his belief in his wife disintegrate, and he stumbles through his testimony, suggesting he is concealing the truth. In October 1982, Lindy is found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour, while Michael is found guilty as an accessory and given an 18-month suspended sentence. More than three years later, while searching for the body of an English tourist who fell from Uluru, police discover a small item of clothing that is identified as the jacket Lindy had insisted Azaria was wearing over her jumpsuit, which had been recovered early in the investigation. She immediately is released from prison, the case is reopened, and all convictions against Lindy and Michael are overturned.
tt0081249
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
Would you believe, The Nude Bomb is based on the 1960s spy spoof television series Get Smart. In the film, Maxwell Smart (Agent 86) is called out of retirement in order to stop mad KAOS clothing designer Jonathan Livingston Seigle from exploding a bomb that will destroy every stitch of clothing in the world. KAOS demands a ransom in the amount of $10 billion dollars a month from the United Nations or they will detonate the bomb, making everyone nude. Smart's government agency, called CONTROL in the TV series, is called PITS, an acronym standing for Provisional Intelligence Tactical Service. There, he teams up with a new crew of agents to stop the nefarious plot. He is given a weapons specialist called Carruthers, modeled on Q from the Bond movies, a pair of teen genius geeks - Drs. Pam and Jerry Krubney - and three female field agents, Agents 36, 22, 34. Rounding out the team is Larrabee (Adams' cousin, actor Robert Karvelas), the only other regular cast member from the television series. Agent 13 - the spy who would be stationed in the weirdest places - shows up in an airplane toliet but as actor Joey Forman. The best idea of how to combat this challenge comes from Larrabee. He devises to render the nude bomb weapon ineffective by wearing food, are ineptly exploited through lame jokes and ill-timed sight gags Agent 86 has only 48 hours to save the world from extreme nakedness. Several plot twists ensues, including a chase sequence through the Universal Studios' backlot tour - right through the Jaws ride - a trip to Innsbruck, Switzerland to interrogate international fashion designer Edith Von Secondberg, which leads him discover a mole in PITS. Testing every member of his team he finally reveals the Chief as the mole. After a high speed car and office desk chase,the Chief is captured and put in a hospital after an accident . This fiendish plot is a win-win for evil KAOS designer Norman Saint Sauvage, for he has created an indestructible but unfavorable fabric, which won't be destroyed. When KAOS agent Nino Salvatore Sebastiani confronts him he kills him intends to be the only supplier of clothing after they drop the bomb. Agent 86 uncovers that the unknown terrorist is St. Sauvage who is really a clone of Sebastiani. St. Sauvage launches the nude bombs and 86 attempts to capture St. Sauvage when he runs into a device that instantly clones the person. 86 follows him through it so as not to be outnumbered. A few more trips through the cloning machine and the screen is filled with Maxes and St. Sauvages. St. Sauvage dons a gas mask and releases a poison gas that kills everyone in the secret lair. He goes over to one Max who is lying on his stomach. Turning him over reveals an Agent 86 with a similar gas mask who leaps up to finish this villian off. After defeating Sauvage, Agents 86 and 22 join the real Chief and escape the lair as it blows up. The final image is of Max, Agent 22 and the Chief with their clothes gone due to the fallout from one of the bombs running down the road with THE END covering their ends. Those who are fans of the TV show should not expect to see this as a reunion film. The Chief is played by Dana Elcar (as Edward Platt had died a few years earlier), Dick Gautier as Hymie the Robot, and Barbara Feldon's character, Agent 99, are not even mentioned. Nor is there any reference made to 86 being married to 99.
tt0082970
Drama
The film begins with a newsreel montage, depicting celebrities of the turn of the 20th century such as Harry Houdini, Theodore Roosevelt and the architect Stanford White (Norman Mailer), as well as life in New York City. The newsreel is accompanied by ragtime pianist Coalhouse Walker, Jr. (Howard E. Rollins, Jr.). The millionaire industrialist Harry Kendall Thaw (Robert Joy) makes a scene when White's latest creation, a nude statue on the roof of Madison Square Garden, is unveiled. The model for the statue is Evelyn Nesbit (Elizabeth McGovern), a former chorus girl who is now Thaw's wife. Thaw becomes convinced White has corrupted Evelyn and humiliated him. On the evening of June 25, 1906, Thaw confronts and publicly shoots White during a show at Madison Square Garden, killing him in cold blood before several witnesses. Thaw surrenders to the police without attempting to run. Meanwhile, an unnamed upper class family resides in a comfortable suburban home in New Rochelle. The family's Father (James Olson) owns a factory, where his wife's Younger Brother (Brad Dourif) is employed as a fireworks maker. Their passive, sheltered existence is disturbed when an abandoned African American baby is found in their garden. The child's mother, an unmarried washerwoman named Sarah (Debbie Allen), is discovered, and brought to their home. When she learns that the police intend to charge Sarah with child abandonment and attempted murder, Mother (Mary Steenburgen) intervenes and takes both Sarah and her child into the home, despite Father's objections. Some time later, Coalhouse Walker arrives at the house in search of Sarah, driving a new model T-Ford automobile and acting in a brash manner unlike the subservient attitude expected of the African American community at the time. Realizing that he is the baby's father, he announces to a skeptical Father that he intends to marry Sarah. Younger Brother witnesses White's murder and becomes obsessed with Evelyn, leaving home for long periods of time to follow her throughout the city. Thaw's lawyer, Delphin (Pat O'Brien), bribes Evelyn with a million-dollar divorce settlement (which she accepts) to keep silent about Thaw's mental instability at his trial and to testify that White had abused her when she was a teenager to model in the nude for him. Passing through the tenements of the Lower East Side, Evelyn encounters a Jewish street artist known as Tateh (Mandy Patinkin) and witnesses him throw his wife (Fran Drescher) out of their home after learning of her infidelity. Tateh takes their daughter and leaves New York, taking with him the flip book he has invented, which he begins to sell successfully. Evelyn, who has become fond of the little girl, is troubled by their disappearance, but distracted when Younger Brother declares his love to her. She begins an affair with him as she begins to plan her return to the stage. He assumes that they will eventually marry and plans to introduce her to his family. A year-and-a-half later (in early 1908), Thaw is tried and found not guilty by reason of temporary insanity for White's murder. That evening, Delphin and his assistant counsel (Richard Griffiths) interrupt one of Evelyn's sexual trysts with Younger Brother and inform her that Thaw will be suing her for divorce on the grounds of infidelity, offering her a much smaller divorce settlement, which she takes. The affair ends shortly thereafter, leaving Younger Brother alone and adrift. A little later, trouble rears its head in New Rochelle when Coalhouse Walker is targeted by a crew of bigoted volunteer firemen, led by fire chief Willie Conklin (Kenneth McMillan), who refuse to allow his automobile to pass by their firehouse. After he leaves to find a policeman (Jeff Daniels), Walker returns to find his car's seat soiled with horse excrement. His protests end with the racist policeman placing him under arrest for parking his car illegally. Conklin is not arrested. After Father arranges for Walker's release on bail, they discover his car has been vandalized further. He pursues legal action against the fire company, but can find no lawyer willing to represent him. Father, who believes Walker has no legal recourse open to him due to his race, and Younger Brother, who supports Walker, have a confrontation in front of Sarah, who is informed by an infuriated Father that it is up to her to get Walker to see sense. She sneaks out of the house to attend a presidential rally, where she attempts to tell President Teddy Roosevelt about Coalhouse Walker's case but is pushed back and beaten by the racist guards. She is severely injured, and soon after dies from her wounds. After Sarah's funeral, a furious Coalhouse Walker assembles a group of African-American supporters where they ambush the volunteer firemen, killing several of them. He sends a letter to the police and newspapers threatening to attack other firehouses, demanding that his car be restored and that Conklin be turned over to him for justice. Father is disgusted at Walker's violence, but Younger Brother tracks him down and joins his gang, bringing with him his knowledge of explosives. Ostracized by their community and hounded by reporters over their involvement in a black man's issues, Father and Mother leave New Rochelle for Atlantic City, where they encounter Tateh, who is now a film director working on a photoplay with Evelyn Nesbitt. Mother is attracted to him, and she and Father quarrel. Meanwhile, Coalhouse Walker and his gang force their way into the Pierpont Morgan Library, holding the priceless collection of books hostage in exchange for Conklin and the car. New York City Police Commissioner Rhinelander Waldo (James Cagney) arrives and takes command of the siege. He sends men to retrieve Walker Coalhouse's infant child, but Mother refuses to give him up. This angers Father, who demands she turn the child over, and he returns to New York alone to assist Commissioner Waldo. In his absence, Mother checks out of their hotel. Local black attorney and NAACP activist Booker T. Washington (Moses Gunn) is called in as a mediator but fails to persuade Walker to surrender, as does Father in a meeting at the library. It is here that Father discovers Younger Brother among Walker's gang, wearing black-face makeup. Conklin, who has fled, is captured by the police, and forced to call phone Coalhouse Walker at the library and apologize. Commissioner Waldo is disgusted by Conklin and his racist attitude, who he calls "a piece of slime", and announces to Conklin that he will be brought up on criminal charges, but the Commissioner yet cannot submit to terrorist demands. Coalhouse Walker ultimately agrees to surrender if Waldo will permit his supporters to safely depart in his restored car. Waldo agrees after Father volunteers to stay inside the library as a hostage. Younger Brother and the rest of Walker's supporters escape in the car, and he drives Father out the library soon after. He prays, seeming ready to blow himself up, but instead surrenders to the police. As he steps out of the building with his hands raised, Waldo orders a sniper to shoot him dead. The film ends with another newsreel montage set a few years later: Evelyn dances in vaudeville and is a major stage and silent film star. Harry Thaw is released from an asylum. Harry Houdini escapes from a straight jacket while dangling several stories above the ground, while below him, the newspapers announce that war in Europe has been declared (the start of the first world war in 1914). Younger Brother returns to working at the factory, but now with idealistic and radical views on life and the races. In the final shot, Father watches from the house in New Rochelle as Mother departs with Tateh and Coalhouse's son.
tt0076095
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Marsha Mason is known as "The Goodbye Girl" because of all the live-in boyfriends who have said ta-ta to her in the past few years. A former Broadway chorus dancer, the divorced Mason lives in the Manhattan apartment of her latest lost love with her daughter Quinn Cummings. Enter arrogant actor Richard Dreyfuss, who has subleased the apartment from Mason's former boyfriend and moves in bag and baggage in the middle of the night. Dreyfuss and Mason spend the next few weeks getting in each other's way and fighting like cats and dogs. The wind is taken out of Dreyfuss' sails when he opens in a production of Richard III, which has been sabotaged by the director (Paul Benjamin), who insists that Dreyfuss portrays Richard as a hip-swinging homosexual. The play closes after one performance, and the once-overconfident Dreyfuss goes on a self-pitying drunken binge. Touched by his vulnerability, Mason begins falling in love with Dreyfuss despite her lousy track record with men.
tt0089118
Action,Thriller
The story opens at a fancy Manhattan restaurant where an elegantly dressed woman is enjoying a night out. As she and her companion enjoy a fine dinner, another man walks up to her with a submachine gun and begins blasting, killing several people. He confronts the woman last and shoots her dead over her pleas. Suddenly a voice yells "CUT!!" The restaurant is actually a movie set and the murdered woman, Ellen Keith (Diane Venora), pops up. The shooting was a illusion created by her boyfriend, Rollie Tyler (Bryan Brown) a visual effects wizard. Tyler, working with his assistant, Andy (Martha Gehman), is approached by a man claiming to be a producer who wants to hire Tyler for his next film. At Rollie's shop in SoHo, the producer, after being scared out of his wits by a giant rubber monster that Rollie has wired to his front door, reveals that he isn't actually in the movie business but is an agent working for the Justice Department named Lipton (Cliff De Young). He wants Rollie to work his expertise in creating the illusion that a mob boss, Nick DeFranco (Jerry Orbach), has been killed publicly. DeFranco is set to testify to a grand jury about the Mafia's inner dealings and Justice wants him to appear murdered until the jury hearing. Rollie is emphatically reluctant at first but when he meets with Lipton's boss, Mason (Mason Adams), he's baited into the job when they mention Rollie's biggest competitor in the business. Rollie decides to take the job. Lipton meets Rollie at his shop and is surprised when he finds Rollie pointing a gun at him. Rollie questions him in a rapid-fire manner and fires a shot with a blank cartridge. Lipton is angered by the exchange but backs off a bit when Rollie shows him how the illusion he'll use works on the monster rigged to his door. It involves a radio transmitter and explosive squibs to simulate bullet hits. Lipton is impressed. Lipton brings DeFranco by to have him rigged for the illusion: Rollie takes a plaster cast of DeFranco's upper chest and head and builds the plates necessary to place the squibs on the mob boss. Mason later meets with Rollie personally and asks him to be the trigger man since he knows the job and can work the equipment better than anyone else. Rollie becomes very reluctant but agrees with the promise that he'll be fully protected. Outside the restaurant where the assassination is planned, Rollie and Lipton get DeFranco ready. Rollie notices Lipton playing with the prop pistol and orders him to put it down. At first DeFranco is hesitant to try the radio box used to trigger the squibs because of his pacemaker but Rollie proves the amperage won't have an effect. DeFranco is sent out to the restaurant and Lipton has Rollie destroy the plaster casting of DeFranco's head. The assassination goes off perfectly and Rollie runs out of the place and jumps in a car with Lipton and a driver. After questioning Rollie about how the stunt went, he pulls a gun on Rollie, saying he's a loose end. Rollie grapples with Lipton and the car careens into a construction site and crashes. Rollie escapes to a pay phone a few blocks away and calls Mason. Mason tells Rollie that Lipton might be a mole they've been looking for. He tells Rollie to stay by the phone and that an NYPD car will pick him up. Rollie gives the phone booth to another person and hides nearby. When the cops show up they riddle the booth with bullets, killing the other caller. Rollie escapes again, going to Ellen's apartment in SoHo. He tries to figure out the turn of events and determines that Mason and Lipton will continue to hunt him. When he and Ellen wake up the next morning, she suggests he call the media. When she steps to the window and opens the curtain, she's immediately shot through the chest. Rollie looks for her killer with a compact mirror and then has to hide when he hears someone approaching the loft door. He surprises the assassin and manages to tie him up briefly. After he checks on Ellen, who's dead, he beats the assassin, demanding to know if he works for Mason. The assassin puts up a good fight but Rollie eventually knocks him cold with a steam iron and beats him to death. Before he leaves her loft, he takes Ellen's body and places it on her bed. The NYPD sends a homicide team to the apartment. One of them, Mickey (Joe Grifasi) calls another detective, Leo McCarthy (Brian Dennehy) to the scene. After getting some of the details, he reports to police plaza downtown and runs into Lt. Murdoch, who'd just had a meeting with Lipton and Mason about DeFranco's murder. Mason and Lipton had played up the angle that DeFranco had somehow slipped them to get to the restaurant. Though Mason gives Lipton and chewing out, it's a ruse designed to throw Murdoch off the trail. When Leo finds Murdoch, he offers to take the DeFranco murder off his hands -- previously, Leo had been the lead investigator who'd brought DeFranco in. Murdoch refuses to give up the case. Leo checks with a records specialist, Velez (Jossie DeGuzman) and finds out that the dead man in Ellen's apartment, Adams, has virtually no information available as to his current position. Mickey arrives and tells Leo that Ellen and Rollie had been a hot item before her murder and that Rollie had disappeared a couple of days before. Leo charges Mickey with finding Rollie's address and Velez with finding out more about Adams. Rollie places a call to his assistant Andy and tells her to meet him at the boathouse at the Conservatory in Central Park. She arrives, towing a small makeup kit and one of Mason's men. Andy gives the man a boat under the pretext of it being a signal to meet Rollie, but when the man puts the boat in the water, Rollie charges him, pushing him into the pond. Rollie and Andy escape into the park, finding refuge in a hidden chamber under a pedestrian bridge. Rollie explains a little of the situation and disguises them as homeless people. Rollie later calls Mason, using a simple trick with payphones and telling Lipton to meet him at a specific location. When Lipton gets into his car, Rollie throws a garrote around his neck and forces him to drive to a remote location. He takes Andy out of the trunk and puts Lipton in, demanding to know Mason's address. When Lipton refuses, he smashes the rear end of the car into several obstacles until the beaten Lipton agrees to talk. Leo and Mickey enter Rollie's shop without a warrant, scared by the rubber monster. After looking around a bit, Leo finds a connection: the fake bullet hits to the monster match those that killed DeFranco. Before he can clear his name, Rollie needs to get his van out of the impound lot on the West Side. Leo had charged Mickey with watching the van. Rollie and Andy sneak into the lot. Rollie has Andy place several small and harmless explosives around the lot as a distraction. Rollie roars out of the lot and Mickey gives chase, following Rollie through the meatpacking district in Chelsea. Rollie and Andy are able to place a few traps that stop the cops but Mickey persists until Andy throws a mannequin into the street, stopping the chase. Rollie suddenly pulls over, thinking something's wrong with his truck. He fools Andy into stepping out and he takes off, not wanting her to get involved any further. Leo, having found out that DeFranco is staying at Mason's house, wants to go out there and arrest him but his superior officer puts him on suspension for interfering with the case. Leo appears to take it pretty hard but does so to steal the Captain's badge. He goes to Mason's mansion and gets the local police to help him secure the front gate. Meanwhile, Rollie has managed to subdue several of Mason's guards and sneak into the house. He uses sound effects devices and a mirror sheet to fool some of them into killing each other. Rollie also trips a few fuses to cut power to certain rooms. He tricks DeFranco into shooting out several windows in the living room and falls into the room, allegedly shot to death. When DeFranco tries to leave the house, he touches a door rigged by Rollie to shock him. The surge scrambles his pacemaker and he falls to the floor, near death. Mason gets DeFranco to give him the key to a safe deposit box in Geneva that contains all the money he kept or stole from his Mafia days in cash. Rollie finds Mason getting ready to leave the house and hold him at bay with DeFranco's Uzi. Mason tries to talk his way out, giving Rollie the key and promising him a large share of DeFranco's money. Rollie considers it for a moment and lays the Uzi down on a sideboard, hovering over it for a few moments. When Mason grabs the Uzi, Rollie tells him it's unloaded and that he'd smeared Krazy Glue on the grips. Rollie pushes Mason out the front door where he's shot to death by the police when he can't let go of the gun. Leo and the local cops clear the area, finding DeFranco's dead body, as well as that of Rollie. When Rollie's body arrives at the morgue, he slips himself out of the body bag and peels off Latex skin he'd covered his neck and wrists with to fool the paramedics into thinking he had no pulse. He climbs out a window and is stopped immediately by Leo. The story closes with Rollie wearing a mask of DeFranco's face and emptying the safe deposit box in Geneva. He meets Leo outside and the two drive off.
tt0083806
Comedy,Crime,Mystery
Sidney Bruhl (Caine) is a playwright who is most famous for his mystery thriller "The Murder Game." Following the debut of the latest of a series of flops, he returns to his home in East Hampton and to his wife Myra (Cannon). He tells her that he's received a play called "Deathtrap" from a former student from a playwriting seminar. The play is ready for production and Sidney jokingly suggests that he murder the student and steal the play, a joke that becomes more serious when he learns, after calling the student, that no one else has read the play and no one else has a copy. Sidney invites the student up to Long Island. The student, Clifford Anderson (Reeve), arrives shortly thereafter. Myra, who has a heart condition, becomes more and more agitated as the evening progresses, trying desperately to convince Sidney to work with Clifford on "Deathtrap" and share the revenue. Instead, Sidney attacks Clifford, strangling him with a chain. He forces Myra to help him drag Clifford into the yard to bury him. Following the burial, the Bruhls get a visit from psychic Helga ten Dorp (Worth), who's staying with the Bruhls' neighbors. Helga wanders around the living room and study, sensing pain and death in various spots and associated with various prop weapons and handcuffs Sidney has displayed on the wall. She warns Sidney about a man in boots who will attack him. As she prepares for bed, Myra continues to be horrified, only slowly coming to see something of glamour in Sidney's act. Suddenly, Clifford bursts through the bedroom window and beats Sidney with a log. Myra flees and Clifford chases after her until her heart gives out; she collapses and dies. Sidney calmly descends the stairs, uninjured, and sidles unperturbed to Clifford's side. The men exchange a few words before their feelings emerge. They kiss, deeply and passionately. Their plan is a success: Myra is out of the way. Immediately after Myra's funeral, Clifford moves in as Sidney's "secretary." Clifford works on a play which he says is about a welfare office but Sidney is suffering from writer's block. Sidney's lawyer Porter (Jones) comes over to settle some of Myra's affairs and notices Clifford is acting oddly about his manuscript pages. Sidney sends Clifford off on a pretext errand and breaks into his desk to read the manuscript. He is horrified to discover that Clifford is writing the true story of Myra's murder as a play called "Deathtrap." When confronted, Clifford offers to share the work and the credit. Sidney demurs: he wants to be remembered as the man who wrote "The Murder Game," not as "the faggot who knocked off his wife." When Clifford insists he'll write the play without him, Sidney reluctantly capitulates. A few days later, Helga stops by again, ostensibly to borrow some candles in case the power goes out in a storm that's blowing in. She meets Clifford and, when Sidney returns from a dinner party a few minutes later, warns him that Clifford is the man in boots. Sidney assures her that he'll be sending Clifford away, and Helga leaves. Sidney asks Clifford to help him act out some possible bits of business for the play, first by resisting a frontal assault, then by demonstrating how he might wield an axe. Finally, Sidney produces a gun he's secreted for this moment, trains it on Clifford and tearfully explains to him that he cannot allow completion of "Deathtrap" and can only stop him with a bullet. Sidney bids Clifford good-bye and pulls the trigger. The gun doesn't go off, though, because Clifford has taken the bullets to load a different gun that he has at the ready. Now in control again, Clifford grabs wrist and leg manacles from the prop wall and has Sidney chain himself to a chair. Clifford tells him that he's going to leave soon but, just before, will unlock one of Sidney's cuffs to allow time for his escape. Clifford will complete "Deathtrap" and, if anyone asks, deny that it's inspired by Sidney's story. After Clifford exits to pack, Sidney slips out of the trick cuffs (once the property of Harry Houdini) and grabs a crossbow off the weapon wall. He stalks Clifford and fells him with a single shot. There's a body to dispose of now, but the storm hits with full force, knocking out the power. Before Sidney can find a match to light a candle, a fleeting figure scurries through the living room in a flash of lightning. It's Helga, fully aware that she's in mortal danger. Sidney finds a knife, Helga grabs a gun. Clifford regains consciousness and trips Helga. The gun goes flying and a struggle for it ensues that... ...cuts to the same struggle played live by actors before a full house, where "Clifford" stabs "Sidney" and both die, leaving "Helga" victorious. The opening night audience erupts in thunderous applause, and at the back of the house stands Helga ten Dorp, now the author of a hit Broadway play called "Deathtrap."
tt0077889
Drama,Horror
A magician named Corky (Anthony Hopkins) does poorly on stage. When he reports back to his teacher, Merlin (E.J. André), he is told he needs some kind of hook or gimmick to connect with the audience. When he adds ventriloquism to his act, using a dummy named Fats, his career takes off. Over time, he plays bigger theaters and appears on talk shows, and then his manager Ben Greene (Burgess Meredith) brings him an offer for the big time, on television. The only problem: a medical examination is required. Corky absolutely refuses, stating it's a matter of principle... but as the conversation continues, he becomes almost hysterical at the prospect. He packs up and returns to his old hometown to rethink his career. He gets a cabin at a lakeside resort run by his high school crush Peg (Ann-Margret). It's obvious she returns his feelings, but she is married to an overbearing but dedicated husband Duke (Ed Lauter) who is a bit jealous and possessive. As Corky is trying to rekindle their relationship, his private conversations with his alter ego dummy, known as "Fats," take on a sinister and self-abusive quality. Fats goes from an amusing character played through his mannequin, into a schizoid-like personality split, in which Corky no longer can discern that Fats is a feature of his subconscious self. His manager Ben comes out to the resort to find Corky. He sees that Corky is losing it, and challenges Corky to, "...make Fats shut up for five minutes..." which is played out in real time. It's frightening, because Corky is clearly insane, and he admits this, twitching and shifting uncomfortably in his seat, when he says, "I'm not going to make it..." Fats determines that Ben has to die in order to preserve their secret, so Corky kills him and drops the body in the lake. Peg's husband returns, and after the suspicious Duke finds Ben's car and body, he must be killed as well. At the end of the movie, Peg agrees to run away with Corky, but wants to wait until Duke returns to tell him face to face rather than just leaving. Corky, who has pledged to pack up Fats for good when he leaves with Peg, becomes desperate since he knows Duke is never coming back. Fats tells Corky he has to kill Peg as well, and a tormented Corky goes to the main house to do his bidding. When he returns to the cabin, Fats starts to feel unwell, and Corky reveals that he has stabbed himself rather than hurt the only person he loves. Corky crawls over to Fats, and they lie down together to die. Peg walks down to the cabin, calling to Corky that she has changed her mind and is ready to leave, but there is no answer.
tt0094739
Comedy
In the late 1940s, wealthy businessman Hunt Shelton (Nicolas Coster) and his snobbish, pregnant wife, Binky (Deborah Rush), get lost in the backwoods of West Virginia while searching for their friend's vacation home. When Binky suddenly goes into labor, the couple rushes to the small town of Jupiter Hollow and to the local hospital, a private facility reserved exclusively for the employees of Hollowmade Furniture, the small town's business. Mr. Shelton buys the company on the spot, and Binky gives birth to identical twin girls. At the same time, Jupiter Hollow hillbilly resident Iona Ratliff (Patricia Gaul) arrives at the hospital and also gives birth to twin girls. Amid the chaos, the elderly and near-sighted nurse puts the babies in the wrong cribs, giving each couple a mixed pair. Mr. Shelton proposes they name the children Rose and Sadie, after his great aunts. Overhearing them from the hallway, Iona's husband, Garth (J.C. Quinn), (whom now have eight children to support) suggests the same names for their own twin daughters. Forty-some years later in the present day 1988, Rose (Lily Tomlin) and Sadie Shelton (Bette Midler) are the successful co-owners of their late father's corporation, Moramax. While the ruthlessly business-minded Sadie treats her employees and bratty son Jason with contempt and hate as her late father did, Rose Shelton (who is really from the Ratliff offspring) is flighty and dreams of settling down in the country with her noncommittal boyfriend, Dr. Jay Marshall (Michael Gross). As part of a new business plan, Sadie proposes they liquidate Hollowmade, but the board informs her that she must receive approval from company stockholders. Although Sadie assures the board members that the people of Jupiter Hollow support the sale, Rose Ratliff (also Lily Tomlin in a dual role), now Hollowmade's forewoman, sends a letter to Moramax threatening to fly to New York City in protest. Sadie Ratliff (also Bette Midler) (who is really a Shelton offspring), and yearns to escape small-town Jupiter Hollow, decides to accompany her sister and start a new life in the big city. Moramax employee Graham Sherbourne (Edward Hermann) reads Rose's letter, which she signed using only her first initial. Sadie sends Graham to find the Ratliffs and prevent them from sabotaging the meeting. On the day of the Ratliff sisters' arrival in New York City, the Shelton sisters go to the airport to greet a prospective Hollowmade buyer, Italian businessman Fabio Alberici (Michele Placido). However, Mr. Alberici mistakenly gets into the Sheltons' limousine with the Ratliffs, who believe that Graham Sherbourne arranged for their transportation. The limousine takes them to the Plaza Hotel, and the two country women bask in its grandeur. Meanwhile, the Shelton sisters do not have cash for cab fare and are forced to take the subway back to the city. Once they arrive at the Plaza, they are disgruntled to learn that their usual suite has been given away and they must be relocated to the adjacent room. Later, Sadie Shelton gets into the elevator with Mr. Alberici, who invites her for a drink. Believing him to be a lecherous stranger, she rebuffs his advances, leaving him confused. When the concierge identifies the man moments later, Sadie is horrified by her mistake and reconciles with Mr. Alberici in the hotel bar. Meanwhile, Sadie Ratliff eagerly explores the city and runs into Sadie Shelton's son, Jason (Seth Green); ex-husband, Michael (Barry Primus); and Rose Shelton's boyfriend, Jay Marshall; who are all dumbfounded by her suddenly softer, jovial attitude. That evening, Sadie Ratliff receives an envelope of cash from someone named "Sly," unaware that it is a bribe from Mr. Alberici intended for Sadie Shelton. Later, Jay Marshall goes to the Plaza intending to finally propose to Rose Shelton, but bumps into Rose Ratliff instead. Assuming he is "Sly," she dismisses his engagement ring as another bribe, but cannot help being flattered. Back in West Virginia, Rose Ratliff's longtime boyfriend, professional miniature-golfer Roone Dimmick (Fred Ward), is heartbroken to learn that Rose left for New York City without telling him. Determined to get her back, Roone takes a bus to New York and tracks her down at the Plaza Hotel. Upon his arrival, he mistakenly embraces Rose Shelton. Frightened, she seeks help from Graham Sherbourne, who is convinced that Roone is the "R. Ratliff" they are looking for. Over dinner, Roone criticizes city life and unwittingly appeals to Rose's secret desire to settle down in the country. In the lobby, Sadie Ratliff bumps into Michael, who has fallen for the woman he believes to be his reformed ex-wife. They agree to have lunch the following afternoon, and he kisses her goodbye. After an evening of flirting, Sadie Shelton and Mr. Alberici consummate their business deal. Meanwhile, Graham detains Roone in his suite, but discovers that the Ratliffs are actually a pair of sisters. In the morning, Rose and Sadie Ratliff have breakfast together in the hotel restaurant to plan their protest at the stockholders meeting. Sadie purposely spills syrup on her jacket, using the accident as an excuse to spend "Sly's" bribe money on a new polka-dotted outfit at the hotel boutique. Moments after she leaves to change, Sadie Shelton takes her place at the table. Rose criticizes the businesswoman's severe gray suit, so Sadie agrees to swap it for the same polka-dotted ensemble on display in the shop window. As they prepare to leave for the meeting in the hotel conference room, the four women finally cross paths in the lobby ladies room and discover that they are long-lost sisters having been switched at birth with both red-haired Sadies belonging to the Shelton family and both brunette-haired Roses to the Ratliff family. Despite their newfound connection, Sadie Shelton still plans to go through with the sale, and appeals to her twin for support. However, Sadie Ratliff refuses to see her hometown brought to ruin and helps the two Roses lock Sadie Shelton in a janitor's closet. While Rose Ratliff watches the captive Sadie Shelton, Sadie Ratliff poses as her New York counterpart and marches into the meeting. However, when her tough-style of speaking falters, Rose Shelton takes over the speech and and convinces the stockholders to cancel the deal. Afterward, the four women return to the lobby to find their respective partners waiting for them as all are surprised by the two Rose and Sadies. As they leave the hotel, Sadie Shelton and Mr. Alberici ride away in Alberici's limo and plan to vacation on her yacht. Sadie Ratliff decides to stay in the city with Michael and they ride away in a taxi. Jay invites Rose Ratliff out for coffee and they walk away together with Rose jubilant that she saved her hometown. Rose Shelton shares a romantic hansom horse-drawn cab ride with Roone to plan their life together in the country. In a final on-screen gag, a homeless bum (Leo Burmester), who has been loitering around the entrance of the Plaza Hotel throughout most of the movie and whom witnessed both sets of Rose and Sadie characters come and go and watches the four couples leave the hotel, the Bum (believing that there are two of everyone in the hotel) runs into his own "twin" when a well dressed businessman walks out and hails a taxi and both the Bum and Businessman are stunned. The End
tt0094799
Drama
One year ago Jamie Conway married Amanda White, who was a famous model, until one day Amanda claimed she need to work in Paris and left Jamie without coming back. Jamie began to go into bars and sedate himself with drugs and alcohol. Jamie originally got a job but because that job required that he be fluent in French (and he lied on his resume about being fluent in French), every piece Jamie wrote was full of mistakes and therefore rejected. On Monday Jamie was late for work, Clara asked him to do a french piece and request that it must be 100% mistake-free and she needed that French piece on her desk before the end of business-day. He spent the whole day working on the article and turned it in Tuesday, 12.50am. On Tuesday, Jamie regretted that he called into work and pretended to be sick. When Clara realized he took sick leave, Jamie wish to revise Monday article, but Megan said Clara already asked for a photocopy and a copy was sent by Clara's home for her to check. On Wednesday, Clara was angry and Jamie was fired. Alright, speak up to here. You should find the rest of the day yourself. Thank you.
tt0100530
Drama,Romance,Thriller
A Soviet physicist, played by Brandauer, weary of the damage the Cold War was doing to his country and the world, wants to secretly broadcast to the West the greatly weakened state of the Soviet Union during the 1980s - his message to a British publisher (Connery) sent via Pfeiffer, is intercepted by British intelligence, who then attempt to use (in conjunction with the CIA) the publisher to contact the Soviet physicist for their own agenda. Inevitably the Soviets catch on and the physicist is tortured to death, the publisher ends up betraying both sides (East and West) in order to uphold higher values - love of one's fellow man (and woman...)
tt0089901
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Sam Macon (Fred Ward) is an NYPD cop. One night, he breaks up a mugging, and then is pushed into the river in his car. Sometime later, he awakes in a hospital, with a new face. MacCleary (J.A. Preston), the man driving the vehicle that forced Macon into the river, tells him his new name is Remo Williams (based on a name on a bedpan), and that Remo now works for an organization that doesn't officially exist. MacCleary says Remo is ideal because he has no family and has military background. Remo steals an ambulance, but Mac is in it. He takes Remo to meet Harold Smith (Wilford Brimley), the head of the organization CURE. Smith tells Remo that the government is corrupt, and Remo will be their troubleshooter. Smith has computer access to all networks, and Mac is his liaison. Mac takes Remo to a building and tells him to kill the man inside, handing him a pistol. Remo slips in and find an elderly Korean man, but no one else. He realizes the Korean is his target and tries to kill him, but he's too fast. The man is Chiun, and is his trainer. Chiun is able to dodge every shot that Remo aims at him and eventually disarms him. He moves with amazing speed, throwing Remo into a nearby piano. Mac enters and asks for a quick assessment -- Chiun tells him that Remo is in horrible shape, has little hand-to-hand ability and poor reflexes but there is a glimmer of hope. Smith researches George Grove (Charles Cioffi), a defense contractor with criminal suspicions, especially on the HARP defense system. He notices someone trying to access the same information - Major Rayner Fleming (Kate Mulgrew). She tells her boss, General Scott Watson (George Coe), and reminds him that she will be attending a weapons demonstration by Grove. Remo begins his training. Chiun tells him he is a practitioner of an ancient (fictional) martial art, sinanju. His demeanor is rude and harsh, insulting Remo at every turn and restricting his diet to rice. However, Remo gradually comes along. They work on balance and breathing, and mutual respect begins to develop, although Chiun won't admit it. Remo gets good enough to dodge bullets and run without leaving tracks. The Grove weapons demonstration shows grave flaws with the weapons. One of the soldiers is killed during the exercise when his weapon (a variation of the Steyr AUG) backfires. Fleming is suspicious, especially after she finds the weapon's bolt and notices that is was mangled during the backfire. Grove tells General Watson to bury the report. Grove defends himself when asked about HARP, mentioning the CD-18 demonstration planned for the following week at Mount Promise. Grove gets annoyed with Fleming, and asks Stone (Patrick Kilpatrick) to trail her. Stone gets photos of Fleming, Remo and Mac, and Grove orders him to kill Remo. Remo notices Stone's diamond dental work, too. Remo uses his new skills to defeat several men hired by Stone atop the Statue of Liberty, but Stone escapes. Remo complains to Smith and Mac, and they tell him they all have an escape plan - Remo's is death by Chiun. He's obviously angered by the news, and walks out on Chiun. Mac and Remo infiltrate a Grove warehouse, battling extremely clever dogs and ravenous rats. Remo finds a satellite, which is subsequently destroyed by lasers, alerting the guards. They escape, but Mac is shot in the back. Mac gives Remo a computer disk for Smith to analyze, and is captured, but commits suicide before telling Grove any information of importance. Smith realizes HARP is a fake and a waste of resources and money and tells Remo to go after Grove. He meets Fleming at Mount Promise, and they are locked in a steel gas chamber by Wilson (Michael Pataki), one of Grove's goons. After watching the two fall nearly unconscious from the gas, Stone dons a mask and walks into the chamber to finish Remo off. Remo grapples with him briefly, ripping his mask off and using Stone's diamond tooth to cut the glass to escape. During their escape from the facility, they find Chiun and steal a truck with no brakes. Remo and Fleming jump out, but Chiun cannot open the door. He's dazed, but otherwise unhurt, and inadvertently calls Remo "my son". Remo continues his mission, calling Chiun "little father". The military chase Remo and starts firing at him. Remo rides a tree trunk being pulled through the woods on cable. He drops the log and overturns the jeep with Grove and Watson, then races to the lake to escape. He dodges bullets fired by Grove and disarms him. He tosses Grove on the Jeep and lights in on fire, walking away. It explodes, killing Grove. On the beach, Remo finds Fleming who tells him Chiun went looking for him. They see Chiun, surrounded by troops. Suddenly Chiun runs across the water to the dock, telling Remo "You must run VERY fast!" Fleming asks who they are and Remo responds by saying "Would you believe we're the good guys?" They sail off, Chiun saying they must hurry so he can catch the latest episode of his favorite soap opera.
tt0098300
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In 1963 Spartanburg, South Carolina, recent high school graduates Luanne Clatterbuck (Page Hannah), Caroline "Pudge" Carmichael (Annabeth Gish), and Melaina Buller (Bridget Fonda) pick up their friend Carson McBride (Phoebe Cates) for a summer weekend getaway. Carson, who is engaged to her high school beau, Harley Ralston (Tyrone Power Jr.), panics when she hears the girls are taking her to Myrtle Beach instead of Fort Sumter, where they told their parents they were going. Although Carson claims she is not allowed to go to Myrtle Beach, her friends are set on showing her a good time before her wedding. At Myrtle Beach, they see a banner for the Sun Fun Festival that weekend, and an advertisement for a "shag" dance contest at The Pavilion. This piques the interest of Pudge, who loves to dance the shag. Arriving at the beach house owned by Luanne's father, Senator Clatterbuck (Donald Craig), she gives everyone strict rules not to sit on the furniture, use the telephone, or open her father's liquor cabinet. That evening, Carson bursts into tears, worried that the girls will forget her when they go to college and questioning her decision to marry Harley. The girls assure Carson she will be okay and take her dancing at The Pavilion. There, Buzz Ravenal (Robert Rusler) and Chip Guillyard (Scott Coffey), two local boys who taunted the girls in traffic earlier, sit down with Carson and Pudge. Carson tells Buzz she is engaged, but he persuades her to dance with him anyway. Desperate for a shag partner, Pudge asks Chip to dance, but he tells her he does not know how. Melaina attracts the attention of a local named "Big Bob," (Jay Baker) but two local girls, Suette (Leilani Sarelle) and Nadine (Carrie Hamilton), antagonize her. In the ladies room, Melaina overhears Suette discussing plans with Nadine to compete in the Miss Sun Queen Pageant the next day. Melaina emerges from a bathroom stall and vows to beat Suette. Meanwhile, Chip tries to make conversation with Pudge, asking if she knows any elephant jokes. She prickles, assuming he is making fun of her weight. Chip assures her he doesn't think she has a weight problem. Buzz asks Carson to go "parking" with him, but she refuses. However, he lures her to a boardwalk amusement park with Pudge and Chip. Melaina leaves The Pavilion with Big Bob, and Luanne is outraged that all her friends have abandoned her. At a secluded parking spot, Big Bob tries to have sex with Melaina, who is still a virgin. She fights him off and receives unexpected help when Suette and Nadine appear, pulling her out of the car. After reprimanding Big Bob, the girls spray Melaina with shaving cream, cover her in feathers, force alcohol down her throat, and leave her lying on the ground. Luanne comes in search of Melaina and rescues her. Meanwhile, Pudge, Chip, Carson and Buzz go to a drive-in restaurant. Pudge gives Chip dance lessons, while Buzz offends Carson by calling her uptight and conventional. She argues that she doesn't believe in "free love" like Buzz, but cannot resist him when he kisses her. Later that night, Carson calls Harley and informs her fiancé she is in Myrtle Beach, not Fort Sumter. Harley encourages her to come home, but Carson insists on staying. In the morning, Chip and Buzz arrive at the beach house. Pudge gives Chip dance lessons, while Carson and Buzz go fishing. Luanne finds Melaina practicing a dance routine in her bikini. She forbids her friend from degrading herself at the Miss Sun Queen Pageant, demanding that she wear a ladylike one-piece bathing suit and perform a dramatic monologue from 'Gone with the Wind', instead. Melaina does not believe the understated approach will help her win. She reminds Luanne that she has no plans for college and needs to make something of herself, but Luanne stands her ground. Pudge and Chip go to the beach, and Chip embarrasses Pudge by reading a questionnaire about sexual experience. Pudge says she is inexperienced because boys do not see her "that way," and Chip reveals he is also a virgin. On a dock, Carson tells Buzz that her fiancée, Harley, plans to work for his father's tobacco company. Unimpressed, Buzz, who will be attending Yale University in the fall, says he plans to travel to Italy. Popular singer Jimmy Valentine (Jeff Yagher) arrives as the celebrity guest judge at the Miss Sun Queen Pageant. Clad in Luanne's one-piece bathing suit, Melaina watches in agony as Suette performs a provocative dance to the strains of "Dixie," clad in a Confederate flag bikini. Harley shows up in search of Carson, and Luanne distracts him as Carson and Buzz flee. Melaina's dramatic monologue draws some snickers from Jimmy Valentine, and Suette is crowned Miss Sun Queen. Backstage, Melaina blames Luanne for her loss, and orders Luanne to invite Valentine back to the beach house for a party. Luanne uses her father's name to convince Valentine to come to the house. Wearing Luanne's mother's clothes, Melaina holds Jimmy Valentine's attention for a while, but he becomes bored and threatens to leave. Chip asks Pudge to dance with him in the shag contest the next day, and she excitedly agrees. Melaina begs Chip to invite more friends over to keep Valentine's interest. Carson and Buzz sneak out of the house to avoid Harley, who bonds with Luanne as droves of locals show up at the house. Luanne tries to control the chaos as the party rages out of control but finally gives up and gets drunk. Buzz takes Carson to a yacht owned by Luanne's father and convinces her to sleep with him. At the party, Chip drunkenly offends Pudge by saying he considers her a friend. The next day, Elvira (Pearl Jones), the Clatterbucks' maid, arrives to find Luanne and Harley passed out on the front lawn. Elvira informs Luanne that her parents are set to arrive at noon. Luanne panics. Jimmy Valentine's manager shows up to retrieve his client, and tells Melaina he would never allow his client's career to be derailed by a low-class Southern girl. On the yacht, Buzz suggests Carson break up with Harley and attend college near Yale. Carson returns to the house and tells the other girls she lost her virginity. Luanne guesses Carson must love Buzz, but Carson says she hates him. She says that she is wild, and wonders if she should break off her engagement. Malaina steals one of Mrs. Clatterbuck's dresses, with plans to dress up as a sophisticated starlet and impress Jimmy Valentine's manager. Pudge laments her unrequited love for Chip, and Melaina advises her to make herself look irresistible and act dismissive. Luanne gives Chip the task of picking up her parents at the airport and taking them directly to The Pavilion, where the Clatterbucks are set to judge the shag contest. She tells him that Pudge must go back to Spartanburg with her and will therefore miss the contest. Driving the Clatterbucks into town, Chip bemoans his missed opportunity with Pudge, and Senator Clatterbuck takes a liking to him when he realizes Chip is headed to his alma mater, the Naval Academy at Annapolis. Pudge gives Melaina a ride to The Pavilion, and goes inside herself when she discovers that Melaina left her bag in the car. Pudge runs into Chip, and they enter the contest. Arriving at The Pavilion in search of the other girls, Luanne concocts a story to tell her parents, but Carson urges her to tell them the truth about their weekend. Luanne responds that Carson should tell Harley the truth, prompting Carson to confess that she has fallen in love with Buzz. Chip and Pudge dance the shag to the song "Stagger Lee," and embrace when they win the contest. Jimmy Valentine's manager tells Melaina she has potential, and they discuss her future in Hollywood. Later, the Clatterbucks host a lawn party at the beach house. Harley and Luanne flirt (implying that they might hook up with each other). Nearby, Buzz tells Carson she should buy a winter coat so she can visit him at Yale. Melaina decides not to return home to her "holly roller" tyrant of a father and travel right away to California. Carson and Buzz are seen happy together. Chip tells Pudge that he will keep in touch with her after he leaves town and joins the US Navy. The film ends with the four girlfriends, Carson, Luanne, Melaina and Pudge, entertaining the party goers with a performance of their school song, "Hail Spartanburg High."
tt0109327
Comedy,Horror,Sci-Fi
Michael Bower (Edward Furlong), a high school student, with a passion for horror films, finds an advertisement for a newly released video game, titled "Brainscan". The creators say Brainscan "It is the most frightening experience you have ever displeasure of coming into contact with. It interfaces with your sub-conscience, you supply the information, and we take care of the rest." Michael receives the video game disc in the mail, the same day his dream-girl Kimberly (Amy Hargreaves) throws a party across the street. Once he starts to play the game, he will face several challenges that will be the ultimate test of his love for Kimberly and his sanity!
tt0155753
Comedy,Family
A few days before Christmas Eve, Jake Wilkinson's father offers to give him a vintage 1957 Porsche if he is home in by 6pm on Christmas Eve (when his family has Christmas dinner) in New York. He prepares to go; however, a group of bullies leave him stranded in the middle of the desert dressed in a Santa Claus suit. They do this as punishment for not getting an exam cheat sheet from him, not knowing that it was their leader, Eddie Taffet, who prevented it, to get him out of the way and claim his girlfriend, Allie, for himself. While he is stuck in the desert, Eddie is giving Allie a ride to New York. Now, Jake has only three days to make it to Larchmont, New York if he wants both her and the car. He stumbles upon a few obstacles such as a man named Nolan who is driving kitchen goods to his dealer near New York so he hitches a ride with him, unbeknown to him that he is a thief. A police officer named Max pulls them over for speeding and becomes suspicious of them, so Jake lies and says that Nolan is his elf and they are donating the goods to the children's hospital. Officer Max offers them to follow him since he is heading in the same direction. At the hospital the children remind Jake, Nolan, and Officer Max about the importance of family, and Nolan decides to win back his girlfriend, Marjorie, who is headed in the opposite direction. Officer Max buys Jake a bus ticket to New York. Meanwhile, Allie & Eddie are heading for New York and decide to stay at a pretend village hotel and are caught kissing under some mistletoe on camera by Jake. Hesitant to speed the bus up, he uses a cooler and a week-old meat sandwich saying that it is a liver one for a little girl at the hospital. He finds the village and Allie and Eddie's room; he sees him walk out of the shower in a towel and assumes that he had slept with her (he didn't, she made him sleep in a sleeping bag). She and Jake eventually make up but he blurts out that Eddie prevented him from getting his dad's car. Upset that he had come there to get the car and not herself (which he actually did), she replaces his seat on the bus and leaves. Jake & Eddie drive off. He tells him that he will go home, win back Allie, and get the car. Eddie, jealous that Jake will get Allie, throws him out but is soon arrested. Jake decides to enter a Santa Claus race to win a $1,000 prize so he can buy a plane ticket to New York. He meets a nice man whom he beats and wins the prize, but on his way to the airport he learns that the man is actually the mayor who uses the prize money to buy turkeys for the needy. Jake reluctantly gives it to the him and calls home. His sister arranges for a plane ticket for him but he is not granted it since he has no identification, so he decides to stow away in a dog kennel in a cargo plane. When he reaches New York he apologizes to Allie, purposely waits in front of his father's house so he'll get the car deal, and even refuses to take it when his dad says he's only a few minutes late.
tt0113347
Comedy,Drama,Romance
25 year old Finn decides to leave her fiancee Sam working on remodeling their home while she spends the summer at her Grandmother's country estate working on her master's thesis. Finn has been working on her thesis for a long time because each time she gets near finishing it she decides to start it over with a different topic. Her current topic is the ritual importance of country arts and crafts in various societies. Her Grandmother's home (an old country mansion surrounded by orchards) actually belongs to Grandmother's sister, Glady Joe, but Grandmother moved in with the sister after her husband died. When Finn arrives she finds a quilting bee group there working on a patchwork quilt. This group has for years been working on quilts together. The women all know Finn, and she is comfortable with them. Finn has her favorites but there is one who has an unhappy reputation for not well-tolerating children, and there is another one who is nosy about and critical of Finn. We learn that Finn's own mother and father were divorced when Finn was a child and that the mother has had a long succession of men she dumped. Neither of Finn's parents are in the film except that the mother appears near the end to reveal that she and Finn's father are getting remarried. The theme of both the movie and the quilt the ladies are making is love and marriage and the question of whether monogamous life long marriage is a realistic goal. As the film develops we learn via flashbacks the infidelity difficulties that affected the lives of the quilting ladies, some of which are still impacting their lives and are unsettled, including one younger member of the quilting bee who was recently widowed and is now involved with the husband of another member who has long suffered from her artistic husband's infidelity. Finn's fiancee visits and shows Finn a floor-plan that omits a separate room for Finn's writing that they had agreed to, but includes instead a guest room that he says they can also use as a baby's room. This start an argument and the fiancee leaves upset that the two have different ideas of how Finn will occupy her time after marriage. Finn gets further confused about her own desires as she learns of marital difficulties she hadn't suspected of the women she grew up knowing. One of the flashback stories is about an ancestor of a black woman in the group at the end of the Civil War. She started out searching for her parents who had been sold away years earlier, sees a crow that seems magical to her, and follows it because she thinks it will lead her to information about her parents. Instead she realizes later that it led her to the man who is her soul mate. Later, when Finn is struggling to decide whether she should continue a romance with an extremely handsome young farm boy she met at the neighborhood pool or whether she should break that off and marry Sam, she finds her own crow to follow. The story lines all are happily wrapped up by the end of the film.
tt0104850
Comedy,Romance,Sci-Fi
The movie opens with the invisible Nick Halloway (Chevy Chase) dictating his memoirs into a video camera. To prove it is not a camera trick, he chews some bubble gum. Nick narrates the story of how he came to be invisible, beginning a few days earlier at his job as a stock analyst. His secretary refers to him as a "bullshit artist", and he spends most of his life avoiding responsibility and connections with other people. At his favorite bar, the Academy Club, his friend George Talbot (Michael McKean) invites him to join his table where Nick meets Alice Monroe (Darryl Hannah). Sharing an instant attraction, Nick and Alice make out in the ladies room. When Alice has to leave, Nick drinks heavily to console himself, although the pair set a lunch date for Friday. The following morning, Nick is unable to avoid going to a shareholder's meeting at Magnascopic Labaratories. Unable to endure the droning presentation by Dr. Bernard Wachs (Jim Norton), Nick leaves in search of a bathroom. When he asks a lab technician for directions, the technician spills his coffee onto a computer console. Nick eventually finds an empty sauna and lies down for a nap. Meanwhile, the coffee has caused a meltdown, and the entire building is evacuated. The building seems to explode, but there is no debris. Instead, much of the building is rendered invisible, including Nick. CIA operative David Jenkins (Sam Neill) arrives on the scene to contain the damage, and he discovers Nick's condition. While they are transferring him to an ambulance, the agents joke about how Nick will spend the rest of his life hooked up to machines and being studied by scientists. In a panic, Nick flees. Jenkins convinces his supervisor Warren Singleton (Stephen Tobolowsky) not to notify CIA headquarters; so, that they can capture and take credit for Nick, who could become the greatest secret agent in the world. Nick holes up in his apartment, but Jenkins tracks him down using the guest list for the meeting. Nick decides to hide at the Academy Club. He locates Dr. Wachs in the hope that he can restore Nick's visibility. Wachs has no idea how to help, however. After Nick runs, Jenkins arrives and interrogates Wachs and eventually kills him to keep Nick's invisibility a secret. After a confrontation at Jenkins' office, Nick decides to flee San Francisco to George's remote beach house. Unfortunately, George arrives with his wife, Alice and another friend to spend the weekend. Nick reveals his condition to Alice, who decides to help him. The pair board a train for Mexico, where Nick wants to set up a new life, trading stocks through Alice as a proxy. Jenkins and his men track them down on the train, and during the ensuing confrontation, Nick falls off the train and into a river. He makes his way to the video store, where he tapes his memoirs. At the end of the tape, he records an ultimatum for Jenkins: exchange Alice for the tape, or Nick will give it to the CIA. Jenkins agrees, putting Alice into a cab as his men surround Nick. However, Nick has disguised himself as the cab driver, and George is standing in for Nick in the exchange. Jenkins pursues the cab, eventually cornering Nick on top of a building. Nick tricks Jenkins into jumping off the building to his death. In the final scene set months later, Nick and Alice are hiding out in Switzerland, and the film closes with shots of a still invisible Nick skiing down to their chalet, where a pregnant Alice greets him with a kiss.
tt0120776
Drama
A very true movie. So true I could not watch it until now. From someone who has been there, seen it, lived through it, I can say it was written by someone who was there as well. The story is of a young woman, Ellen (Renee Zellweger) who comes home for the weekend from her busy life in the city and with a possible writing career in front of her to find out from her father (William Hurt) that her mother, Kate (Meryl Streep) is ill. She is about to have cancer surgery and he expects that she will drop her life and come home to take care of her mother. She will need help after the surgery and the following chemotherapy. Ellen does not know what to think. She is a writer, as her father, an english professor, does he not understand what her life and future career mean to her? She has never seen self sacrifice before, or so she thinks. As her mother grows ever weaker Ellen gets a glimpse into her mother's life. She is involved with the community on special ocassions, she refinishes furniture, makes curtains, cooks everything wonderful, and even comforts friends in times of challenge, but most important of all, she makes her husband's life possible. At first Ellen tries to step into her mother's shoes and has a tough time for she is more like her father, she writes, she doesn't cook, clean, and comfort. Soon she finds her mother's shoes are a lot harder to fill than she ever realized. As she gets better at caring for her mother and the home front she realizes just how little her father does at home. Many of us see what many probably don't see, he is not completely self-scentered he simply can't imagine his life without her and can not be around to watch her fade. Ellen does not know this, at one point she believes he is having an affair and becomes very angry with him. She believes all he can do is think about himself. At Thanksgiving her father surprises everyone by bringing home two writers he admires, seemingly oblivious to the fact that this might well be his family's last Thanksgiving together. He asks that his wife whip up some great appetizers, as though she were in any shape to do so, which leaves Ellen to make them. Ellen is enraged with the unexpected visitors, famous or not, she wanted a quiet family Thanksgiving. Ellen becomes confrontational at every turn with her father. He wants everything to remain the same, he's not willing to help out with anything, and to top it all off, she believes when he calls to say he is working late that he is with "the other woman" who drops him off in front of the house later that evening. Ellen finally has a bitter confrontation with her father in a diner that ends up with him walking away stating that she will no longer be needed she can return to the city. Before this can even be discussed her mother is hospitalized. They are told the cancer has spread and there no need to continue therapy, all they can do now is make her comfortable. Her mother has noticed what is happening with Ellen and her father and calls her into a room to talk. She looks Ellen in the face and tells her that she does not know anything about her husband that she doesn't know. Life and marriage changes as it moves along and you find yourself accepting things you told yourself you'd never do. That it can be unbearable at one point and joyous the next. That you reach a point where if you remove someone from your life all it does is leave is a great big hole in your life, you live for your family, the ones you love. She then tries to tell Ellen things she might need for later in life and Ellen does not want to hear them. Her mother begins to cry and tells her that she's tired of people not letting her talk when she wants to talk, when Ellen agrees, she thinks a minute then says, I said it already. Ellen is charged with caring for her mother and giving her pains pills, morphine, now that the pain is much worse. Even though Ellen knows she's dying, and that she is in a wheel chair, and that a nurse comes in to help her, all these facts are really made quite clear when her mother calls out for the nurse who is not there and Ellen enters the bathroom to find her mother in the tub unable to get out. For the first time she is not seeing her bulky sweaters and cap; she sees her mother with her half bald head and barely covered bones. She is so skinny that Ellen can easily lift her from the tub. At that moment Ellen realizes exactly what is happening; to know something is one thing, to see it is almost too real. After she gets her mother settled into her chair she asks Ellen for a pain pill, as she takes it she whimpers, "This is no way to live" in her weakened voice that tells volumes. She asks Ellen to help her make it stop, Ellen's mother is now staying down stairs in a hospital bed. When she sleeps you hear her struggling to breathe, eating is no more, drinking is barely so, and talking is barely so. Then we see Ellen take out the small dish we all have for our cancer victims to put a little bit of applesauce to try in vein to get them to eat anything, and to help get medications down. Then she takes out the morphine and begins to smash the pills, first one, then another, then another. Then stands there knowing she can't do this. As much as she knows it would be a kindness, as much as she knows it would make it easier for her mother she can not do it. Her father comes home early, Ellen takes a bath and when she comes down we see her father wash out a small dish, wipe it and put it back in the cupboard. He tells Ellen, "your mother says this is not living, and she was right." Ellen goes into to be with her mother and finds awake and she tells her, "I love you." In the morning Ellen's father comes downstairs to find Ellen holding her mother's hand and staring, he realizes she is gone. Throughout the movie we have seen Ellen telling a man the story of her mother's illness but we don't know who he is, a greif counselor? A priest? It is a man wanting to know how Ellen's mother died of an overdose. Ellen has been providing stories that make it impossible for her father to be responsible, while not implicating herself either. In the last scene Ellen is at her mother's grave planting bulbs in the freshingly dug up soil. Her father approaches her and watches what she is doing and asks her how it went. She tells him it went fine that the man will also want to speak to him as well. Her father then says he admires Ellen's strength, he wanted to do it but could not. Ellen hears him but it doesn't sink in right away. She finally lifts her head and says, "I didn't do it, I thought you did it." They both take a moment and then shake their heads while stating, "oh, she couldn't have, she was too weak!" Ellen's father then shares how much he loved her, that she made his world warm and comfortable, she was his One True Thing. As the movie concludes her father attempts to help plant the bulbs and they work the soil together.
tt0448124
Drama,Romance
Tight-lipped Englishman Alex Hughes (Alan Rickman) arrives in Northern Ontario on his way to meet the woman with whom he had a son. He is bullied by an altogether unconventional but lovable 19 year-old hitch-hiker, Vivienne (Emily Hampshire), who needs a ride to her hometown of Wawa. When the car is hit by a truck on the outskirts of her home town, Vivienne dies instantly. Alex finds himself, for the second time in his life, grieving for someone he never knew. Shocked and stranded in snowbound Wawa, Alex is drawn to seek out Vivienne's mother, to talk to her in person about the fate of her daughter. He also goes armed with trinkets and children's amusements that Vivienne has picked up along the way for her mother. Alex knocks on the door and comes face to face with Linda Freeman (Sigourney Weaver). Linda is no ordinary Mother. Alex soon becomes aware that Linda is an adult autistic, albeit a high-functioning one. He becomes increasingly involved in Linda's life and the community to which she feels complete indifference, in large part because of her condition. Linda, in turn, becomes attached--as attached as she is emotionally capable of--to Alex and what he can do for her. Alex also forms a relationship with Linda's sassy independent neighbor, Maggie (Carrie-Anne Moss), and is the object of scrutiny by the ineffectual local law enforcement officer Clyde (James Allodi), who, aside from being jealous of Alex's relationship with Maggie, believes he's discovered a dark secret in Alex's past. When Alex finally gets back on the road, he has exorcised his inner demons, and the town he leaves behind has also been transformed. He had been tempted to stay and make more of his relationship with Maggie, but knew that it wouldn't suit either one of them. He must return to his life and holds out a faint hope that Linda and Maggie may become, if not exactly friends, then at least more accepting of each other. As the snow melts, each character's memories remain intact but are changed forever by their experiences with each other.
tt0841032
Comedy,Family,Fantasy
Benjamin (Morris Chestnut) is an aspiring songwriter who attempts to break into the music business by giving a copy of his recording track of a Christmas album to a hip hop artist named J-Jizzy (Charles Q. Murphy). Nancy (Gabrielle Union ) is a divorced mother, who is too busy taking care of her three children to take care of herself. Her daughter Emily (Khail Bryant) overhears her mother say that she wished for a compliment from a man, and the daughter tells the local mall's Santa Claus about her mother's wish. The Santa Claus turns out to be Benjamin, who notices Nancy. Later, while sitting in a Starbucks after his shift as Santa, Benjamin and his friend Jamal (Faizon Love) see Nancy go into a dry cleaners. Benjamin borrows Jamal's jacket, pretends to drop it off at the cleaners, tells Nancy that she's a very attractive woman (granting her wish), and leaves. Eventually, the two start to date and end up falling in love without Ben realizing that Nancy's ex-husband is J-Jizzy. Things take a turn for the worse, however, because Nancy's oldest son, John-John (Malik Hammond) is jealous of Benjamin going out with his mother and plots to break up the relationship. What follows is a series of funny and touching scenes that show viewers what "family" is really about. Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard play omniscient roles in the movie. Howard is a mischievous and sly angel named "Bah Humbug", while Latifah is the kind, thoughtful angel, called "Mrs. Christmas".
tt0106926
Drama,Mystery,Romance
While helping his grifter father burgle a house in rural Texas, young Arlis Sweeney watches him murder the entire family, leaving only a crying baby. Fast forward 30 years. Arlis has settled into a bleak routine restocking vending machines on a route that includes "a place to eat, a place to sleep, and a woman" in every dusty roadside town. Into this routine falls Kay Davies, another damaged soul down on her luck and stranded away from home and her abusive ne'er-do-well of a husband. Arlis is going that way and agrees to give her a ride. While the two are at her house, movers arrive to take the furniture, which her husband sold to pay gambling debts. Seeing nothing to remain for after a confrontation with her husband, Kay leaves with Arlis. Arlis and Kay begin to fall for each other. In the middle of a rainy night, a knock on their motel door introduces Ginnie, a young woman who makes her living stealing jewelry off corpses in funeral homes. Pleading car trouble, she leads Arlis to her car where his estranged father Roy, who exudes sleaze and criminality, is waiting with a back full of buckshot. Arlis patches up his father and lets the pair spend the night in his room. The next day, they go their separate ways. As Ginnie and Roy pass an abandoned house, Ginnie remarks that it's the same house that's in a photograph that Kay is carrying with her. Roy realizes that Kay must be the crying baby he spared 30 years ago. Roy hates loose ends. Arlis comes to the same realization, and tries to break it off with Kay, leaving her in the motel room with some goodbye cash while he goes on a business errand from which he doesn't plan to return. Possibly changing his mind, he calls Kay's motel and learns that she left with Ginnie. Judging by the directions that the motel clerk said Ginnie asked for, Arlis guesses that they're headed for the old house. In fact, Roy was setting a trap for him. Ginnie tells Kay that there's a surprise in store for them at the old house. Arlis soon arrives, and after Roy sends the girls out for a walk, he and Arlis have a confrontation. Roy says he can't trust Arlis not to tell Kay that he murdered her family, so one of them will have to kill Kay. Instead, Arlis shoots his father. Arlis finds it too painful to be with Kay, and too painful to try to explain her past to her (she was told by her foster parents that her family died in a car crash). He tells her "Some things, it just don't do no good to talk about." Kay doesn't understand, but realizes that she and Arlis aren't going to make it. As he told her, he's a creature of habit, and she doesn't fit in. Regretfully, they part.
tt0876294
Horror,Sci-Fi
In the early part of the 21st Century, an unknown virus began spreading among the populace. Within weeks it had engulfed the entire planet, from the smallest rural communities to the greatest cities. Upon the death of its host, the virus would reanimate the corpse until it was no longer able to support itself. Soon, the planet was infested with a new threat - the undead. So begins our journey into the dystopian world of The Zombie Diaries. Three home video quality diaries chart the early days of the plaque, right through to the last days of the apocalypse: A documentary film crew travel to the countryside to make a movie about the virus. Unaware of what is happening around the country, the team is accidentally caught up in the outbreak. It is a little stupid that documentary filmmakers wouuld be that oblivious to the very subject they are researching though. Other lame plotholes abound.They later take shelter in a nearby wood, where a much more sinister fate awaits them. A husband and wife escape London and pick up a mysterious hitchhiker as they scavenge the remnants of dead towns, unaware of the boredom that wait for them in the shadows. A group of survivors flee to an old farm to seek refuge, only to find themselves under siege from creatures that attack in the dead of night. Watch the devastation unfold through the eyes of those who were there. All in all poor attempt at filmmaking.
tt1048174
Drama,Romance
Set in South Africa in the year 1952 during the Apartheid era, a story of true love against all odds takes place. The story opens as Amina (Sheetal Sheth), a young Indian woman, is outside of her cafe on a ladder. A crash is heard as someone runs over their flower pot outside. Amina is the exact opposite of what a woman is supposed to be, wearing trousers, a button down shirt, and a worn hat, with her hair down and unkempt. She owns her own cafe, serves blacks and whites in the same area, and stands up to men of all sorts; In short, Amina is by no means typical. She runs her cafe with Jacob (David Dennis), an older black man who is very timid, and very quick to follow the rules. But when two policemen come to threaten the cafe for serving blacks along with whites, he bravely shields Madeleine (Grethe Fox), the white postmistress, from their unrestrained violent behavior. Madeleine thanks Jacob, and the first romance is kindled. Meanwhile, Miriam (Lisa Ray), is a typical Indian housewife having recently emigrated from India. She performs her duty of caring for her two children, and one on the way, while also taking dismissive comments and abusive tendencies from men, including her husband Omar (Parvin Dabas). They live with Farah (Natalie Becker), a housewife who is really a steamy temptress, and her husband, the dolt, Sadru (Rajesh Gopie) in Cape Town. One day, the men allow Miriam and Farah to go to a cafe. Both women dress in their traditional clothing, and find themselves at the Location Cafe. Amina's cafe. A waitress spills a tray of something, and Miriam bends over to help her pick it up, but the waitress is quickly excused by Amina, who also kneels to pick up. Miriam and Amina's eyes meet, and there is this long glace between them as if its love-at-first-sight. The timid Miriam curiously steals glances at the trouser wearing Amina, who is dismissed by Farah as a worthless rebel, but Miriam is accepting. Omar finds a house in the middle of nowhere, where they then move out to be on their own. They make their livelihood running a shop out of this house, while Omar works in Cape Town. Shortly after their move, the baby is born. Farah comes to help tend to the shop, but her motives become clear. One day, Miriam goes into labor. As her baby is being born, Farah and Omar's affair comes into the open when Farah seduces Omar in the shop. Miriam's son and daughter come home from school just as Omar and Farah pull their clothes back on. Then, the nurse comes out and says "congratulations on your baby girl". One day soon after, they receive news that the illegally married Rehmat (Nandana Sen), Omar's sister, and De Witt (Colin Moss), a white man, have arrived from France to visit De Witt's dying father. They must hide because, if caught, they would go to jail. All go to the Location Cafe, where Omar asks Amina to help build a vegetable garden at their house. Amina agrees. Amina comes to work on the vegetable garden, and Miriam plays the part of good housewife, bringing her food. Amina asks her to stay and eat with her, but Miriam is uncomfortable. When Amina questions Miriam's motives and thoughts, Miriam is stunned and walks away. But she comes back, and tells Amina that she was the first person to smile at her in eight days. Later on, while Omar spends the night in Cape Town, Miriam invites Amina to stay the night, saying that it is too dark for her to drive. Neither woman can sleep. Both make their way to the kitchen, where Amina tells Miriam the story of why she acts the way she acts. Miriam cannot understand why Amina doesn't want to marry, but Amina tells her that her grandmother was raped by a black man and then cast off to India after her baby, Amina's mother, is born part black. While leaving on the train, her former husband stole their son out of her grandmother's arms. From then on, her grandmother warned of the opression in marriage, and Amina took it to heart. But, she says, this is not the only reason she won't marry. Then, the baby cries, and Miriam goes to her. The next morning she oversleeps, but wakes to find that Amina has already prepared the children for school, and is ready to get to work in the garden. As a gift, Amina gives Miriam a book of poetry. Innitially Miriam refuses it, because Omar is not happy with her reading, but eventually takes it. Amina comes with other news too. She has come to offer Miriam a job cooking Indian food at the Location Cafe. Miriam says that she has to watch the kids and she must tend the shop but Amina says that they'll make it in the mornings, and that no one comes to the shop anyway. It is clear that Miriam wants to accept. Omar arrives and Miriam tells him what is going on, and that she said she couldn't. Omar tells Amina that it's a shame, because if Miriam could drive it would be different. He has told her many times to learn to drive, but she doesn't want to, and has no need to work. Amina takes this opportunity to reveal that she teaches driving, and would teach Miriam. Miriam accepts. Back in Cape Town, Amina's father's (Bernard White) mother (Usha Kahn) arrives from India. Immediately she sets to finding a suitable marriage for Amina. One suitor comes to dinner with his family to meet Amina. A few days after, the parents of the family visit Grandmother, and tell her about Amina's trouser wearing habit. Grandmother has a heart attack and dies on the spot. The two racist policemen come to Miriam's house while the children are at school. They are looking for Rehmat and De Witt. They forcefully search her house, but claim that Miriam is hiding something. Then, the school bus arrives. The policemen rush and grab the children, and start to stuff them into their police wagon. They are locked up, and Miriam cries and pleads to let them go. She tells the police if they let her children out, she will tell where De Witt and Rehmat are. She reveals that they are in Cape Town with Farah and Sadru. The police release Miriam's children and leave. That evening, there is a large Indian party at the cafe. While everyone is gathered and dancing, Rehmat comes running in asking for help. The police are searching for her. At first, Amina denies knowing Rehmat, pushing her out the door, but then says that if she had helped her in front of the customers, one of them would break when the police arrived. While this is happening, the police question Farah, who gives Amina away. Two policemen burst into the party, and ask where she is, to which Jacob replies she is taking a nap. They come into Amina's room, question her, and she denies knowing where Rehmat is, or even which woman they are talking about. One policeman slaps her, and the other threatens her cafe, but they eventually leave. Amina then opens her wardrobe and Rehmat crawls out from a hole in the wall, and is safe. During the night, a truck comes to the shop, and the man asks for new lights, saying he's hit a black man. Miriam sneaks outside, against Omar's wishes and against her position, and helps the man. She comes back in, and Omar asks her where she's been. She lies, saying she thought she'd left the wash out, but her wrist has blood on it. Omar backhands her across the face. The next day, Miriam asks her servant to find a box of books. She picks one out, writes on the inside cover, wraps it, and asks her servant to take it to the post office for Amina. Omar receives an invitation to Grandmother's funeral, and says they will not go because they don't owe the family anything. Miriam reminds him who saved his sister, and they go. Amina refuses to leave her room, so when Miriam gets there, she goes to her. Amina is reading the book. They begin talking about Amina's outfit, and Amina says that she doesn't feel like herself. Miriam agrees she doesn't look like herself. Amina changes back into her masculine outfit while Miriam looks on, half hiding behind the door. She says she wishes she could be more like Amina, and Amina says that she should be careful what she wishes for. Driving lessons begin. Amina arrives, and Miriam gets into the truck. They drive around the corner, and switch seats. Amina attempts to show Miriam the peddles, but Miriam already knows what they're called. Amina asks if she already knows how to drive, but Miriam denies it. Amina begins to show Miriam the gears. In the meantime, Farah is preparing for a visit from Omar. She hears the door close and assumes it's him. She gets out of the bath tub, and seductively wraps her silk robe around her shoulders. To her surprise, it is not Omar, rather her husband. Sadru is rather surprised to see Farah like this, but being slow as he is, he doesn't question her. He falls asleep in the corner, and Farah goes off. Then, Omar rushes in calling for Farah. Sadru wakes up, and Omar is startled and unsure of what to do. They all sit down to the table and begin to talk. Back at the driving lesson, Miriam has put her hand on the gear shift. Amina puts her hand over Miriam's, and begins to show her the gears. They look at each other, and their faces slowly drift together. They kiss. As Miriam shakes, Amina reaches for her hand. Then, around the corner comes Omar. He calls out for Miriam, and the women separate instantly, but they remain close together. Omar forces Miriam out of the car, and Amina says they will finish their driving lesson later. Luckily, Omar is none the wiser, and is only so anxious to tell Miriam that his affair with Farah is over. Miriam tells him that he's hurt her, and helps the children inside. Amina speaks to Jacob in the cafe about how she wants someone, but can't have them. She tells him how hard it is, but he will hear none of it. He says that she is the reason he is becoming brave. He says that he has spent his whole life following their rules, but he refuses to die alone because of them. He tells Amina of his date with Madeleine. Amina has renewed hope. The next day when Amina goes to give driving lessons, she gets out of the car timidly, and goes to Miriam. She has no intention of giving a driving lesson. Miriam takes her inside and explains that she cannot do this, but that she does care for her. She sits on her bed. Amina asks her one favor; to lay down and close her eyes. She asks her to pretend that nothing but the two of them exists. They kiss again, but the baby cries, and both sit up. Miriam renews that she cannot do this. Amina wants her to run away, but she assures her that she won't because she has children. Amina leaves. Jacob is at the post office with Madeleine, locking up, when a policeman enters. He asks what is going on, and sees Jacob. He tells Jacob that blacks aren't allowed in that area, but Madeleine thinks quickly to protect him. She says he is just her driver. They leave, and Jacob acts the part, driving Madeleine home. He is distraught, and refuses dinner with her, because it just isn't possible. He walks away, and both of them are disappointed. Amina is packing to leave. There is a knock at her door, and she yells to not disturb her, but it is her father who comes in. She is relieved. They have a short conversation about what she is doing, and in the end he tells her not to leave. As he closes the door, he tells her that she should not go, because Miriam wouldn't know where to find her. Miriam is in another fight with Omar. She says she will work in the cafe, and he says that no wife of his will work. Miriam has gained confidence, and asks if he wants to leave her. She refuses to give in. Omar rears back to slap her, and Miriam screams "no", that he is going to have to find another way to deal with her. Omar then goes on a rampage, shoving everything off of the tables in the shop. The child wakes up, and Miriam comforts him. The next day, Jacob is sitting in the cafe with Amina. They hear a crash of someone running into the flower pot outside, again. They both roll their eyes, and get up to see the damage. Amina looks to the flower pot, and then to the car. Out of the car steps Miriam. She walks up to Amina and asks if the position is still available. Amina tells her "yes". Jacob comes up, and welcomes her in. The End
tt0353489
Horror,Thriller
Set several months after the events of the original film, runaway teenager Brigitte Fitzgerald (Emily Perkins) uses an extract of monkshood to fight the effects of the lycanthropy that transformed her sister into a werewolf and it is now affecting her. The opening credits play over Brigitte shaving the hair all over her body, cutting her arm with a scalpel, then injecting herself with a dose of monkshood, then cutting to Brigitte in a library, where the librarian Jeremy (Brendan Fletcher) clumsily hits on her. When she goes to check out her books, her library card has too many fines owing, and she walks out, leaving the books behind. Back in her motel room, she inspects her latest cut and records the time and state of healing on a page filled with similar entries. Ginger (Katharine Isabelle), her late sister, appears to her as an apparition, saying that she is healing faster and the monkshood is not a cure. It only slows the transformation. Brigitte shoots a deadly second dose of monkshood, and immediately after, Brigitte senses the presence of the male werewolf that has been stalking her, whose identity is unknown. She hastily packs and opens the door to find Jeremy with her library books. However, the additional dose has pushed her into toxic shock. Jeremy gets her in his car and is about to drive her to hospital, when the driver side window is smashed, and the werewolf drags him from the car. Brigitte stumbles down the street and collapses in the snow. She wakes up in a building which is a combination of a rehab clinic for drug abusing girls and chronic care patient facility, located in the only operational section of a large, old hospital. She attempts, but fails, to escape. When delivered to the clinic's director Alice (Janet Kidder), she pleads to be released, but is refused. She does, however, manage to palm a piece of glass so she can continue to measure her healing rate. Tyler (Eric Johnson), a worker at the clinic, visits Brigitte at night and offers her some monkshood in exchange for sexual favors. She refuses and he tells her he will not give her the monkshood until she accepts his terms. As Brigitte's healing begins to accelerate, so does her rate of transformation. Ginger's ghost continues to appear, taunting Brigitte as she experiences growing cravings for sex, and to kill, as did Ginger previously. During a group therapy session Brigitte daydreams about being instructed to lie on the floor and masturbate, however it is unclear if the masturbation was a fantasy, since the part about imagining death and blood is clearly in Brigitte's mind. Suddenly jolted back to reality by a vision of Ginger, she draws her hand to her face to reveal her palm covered in hair. Later, and very depressed, she takes her shard of glass and holds it to her throat while looking into the bathroom mirror. However, she does not kill herself. During this time, Brigitte is shadowed by a girl called Ghost (Tatiana Maslany), the granddaughter of Barbara, a severe burn victim who is a patient there. Ghost eavesdrops on Alice in the staff lounge that Brigitte injects Monkshood. Curious about it, Ghost goes through her clandestinely hidden comic book collection and realizes Brigitte's secret. Ghost slips Brigitte a comic book containing the werewolf story. She begins to question her about lycanthropy, and notices Brigitte's ears have begun to grow pointy. Brigitte takes the glass, telling Ginger that she will not die, and cuts off the pointed part of her ear, flushing it down the toilet. Shortly after, Ghost tries to slip monkshood to Brigitte, but is foiled by Tyler. The following night, in despair at her rate of transformation, Brigitte allows Tyler to inject her. By now, it is apparent the werewolf has found her again. After Ghost's dog is found dead and mutilated, Brigitte asks her where the corpse was found, and is told that it was found in the disused crematorium section of the hospital. Upon learning this, Brigitte says she must get out. Ghost offers to show her an escape route, but insists she be taken with Brigitte. Brigitte escapes to the disused crematorium, in the basement, by crawling through air vents following Ghost's trail marks. There, Brigitte meets Beth-Ann (Pascale Hutton) who is high on drugs that she just received in exchange for sex with Tyler. Beth-Ann is killed and dragged away by the werewolf. Shortly after, Ghost arrives and says the escape route is where Beth-Ann was dragged away to. Brigitte and Ghost proceed, but are separated as the werewolf attacks. Clashing with the beast, Brigitte's leg is broken by the werewolf, but her transformation is so advanced, she heals immediately, and makes her escape after burning the beast in the crematorium. Ghost drives them to a gas station in the clinic car, where Brigitte tends to her wounds. They then drive to Barbara's house and sleep. Ghost explains how Barbara got burned, she tells Brigitte that Barbara fell asleep with her bedtime cigarette. The next day, after Brigitte starts eating a deer caught in an explosion from a trap set up by Ghost, they arrange for Tyler to bring monkshood to the gas station, but when Brigitte wanders inside she discovers the attendant has been slain. While she was away, Tyler had arrived and taken Ghost's car. Brigitte dashes back and drives off. Back at the house, Brigitte's body once more begins to reject the monkshood and Tyler worriedly calls Alice. Ghost tricks Brigitte into thinking Tyler abused her. Brigitte locks Tyler outside, and he is killed by the werewolf. Alice arrives, and is attacked by Ghost, wielding Barbara's hunting rifle. Brigitte figures out that Barbara didn't smoke, she aggressively keeps Ghost against a wall and argues with her, realizing it is likely Tyler didn't abuse Ghost and that Barbara was burnt by Ghost, but is stopped by Alice holding the rifle point-blank to the base of her skull. Alice begins to take Ghost, but is advised not to go outside. The werewolf then howls and breaks a nearby window, and Alice takes Ghost to the attic with her to seek refuge from Brigitte and the werewolf. Brigitte's transformation is almost complete, when the werewolf enters the house. She lures him into a room, and, when Ghost distracts the werewolf by dropping a heavy curling stone, Brigitte stabs him. The werewolf bites her on the arm. They struggle and after she repeatedly bashes its head with a curling stone, they fall into the basement, which has been turned into a pit of death using a set of mattress springs holding a wide variety of sharp objects. Ghost hits Alice with a hammer and sits at the top of the steps to peer into the basement, gun in hand. Brigitte crawls up the stairs, her face half transformed, begging Ghost to kill her. Instead, Ghost locks her in the basement. Ghost is shown illustrating a comic page of herself as a powerful warrior with a werewolf pet. Ghost narrates that Brigitte is getting stronger in the basement and is waiting to be unleashed on Ghost's enemies. As the film ends, Ghost is getting ready to welcome home Barbara as the fully transformed Wolf-Brigitte is heard growing from the basement.
tt0985025
Action,Fantasy,Horror
Concerned for his autistic daughters health, the father sees a removal from the hospital by force as the only option. An elevator break-down prevents a smooth exit and renders them trapped with others. Yet the incident is only the beginning of a descent into nightmare. As the doors open the hospital appears mysteriously deserted. When mutilated bodies are found, creatures from a dark world start a frightening attack. It soon becomes clear that the survival of the group may rest solely on the little girl.
tt0780583
Horror
On a routine flight from Los Angeles to Paris, a renegade group of scientists has smuggled aboard a secret container holding a fellow scientist infected with a deadly genetically engineered virus which reanimates the dead. The virus is a variant of the Malaria virus, created by three scientists. They discovered and manufactured the virus with the intent of turning it into a biological weapon. Their goal was to produce soldiers who could continue fighting, even while mortally wounded. The virus is transmitted through bodily fluids. The infected have superhuman abilities, sprinting and leaping beyond human capabilities. The zombies become very durable, and one particular zombie survives despite being thrown into a plane's engine. The 747 jumbo jet encounters massive thunderstorms, and the turbulence releases the scientist from the cargo hold. A guard assigned to her kills her with an MP-5, when she re-animates and attacks and kills him, turning him into a zombie. Two of the scientists go below to ascertain if the container has been damaged by the turbulence, and are also killed, starting a zombie outbreak. They then attack several passengers in the cabin, and an epidemic of the undead begins. The uninfected passengers must now fight for survival aboard the flight. No government will allow the infected airliner to land, leaving the survivors stranded in the sky with their ravenous tormentors. Ultimately a golf pro (Billy), his wife (Anna), a cop (Burrows), a con artist (Frank), an Air Marshal (Paul) and a stewardess (Megan) are all that are left of the uninfected people. They must make their way to the cockpit and signal a fighter jet behind them that there are still living people aboard the 747 or the fighter will destroy them. After managing to get an MP-5 from the dead guard, Burrows, Frank and Billy make their way from the tail of the plane to the cockpit. Billy is bitten but manages to kill the zombie. Anna rushes to help while Paul holds off the infected in the back. Unfortunately, while fighting in close quarters, Anna is also bitten. She manages to kill the infected by stabbing an umbrella through its mouth and out the back of its head, but realizes she will shortly die and reawaken. She and Billy back up against an exit door and when he runs out of ammo they open it, sucking themselves and several zombies out of the plane to their apparently final deaths. Frank and Burrows make it to the cockpit where Frank kills the zombie copilot, and the two of them try to get the plane off autopilot and signal the fighter which fires at them. They're ultimately successful and waggle the plane's wings, alerting the fighter. The fighter pilot hits the abort key and the missile explodes away from the 747, but close enough to the plane to open a hole in the side. All the zombies are apparently sucked out. Frank and Burrows try to control the plane, but hit a mountain and crash land near Las Vegas. During the crash the pilot is reanimated and attacks them but Burrows manages to blow his head off with the MP-5. Megan, Paul, Frank and Burrows all survive and make their way towards the city, but after they leave its revealed that four zombies survived as well. The movie ends with the zombies shambling towards the city.
tt0419641
Drama
What do you do when your wife cant tell the difference between a shrink and a shop, your eight year old son may have psychological problems and his gay godfather lying half-beaten to death in hospital? Your boss is drawing you into a scam which could cost you your career, your father expects more of you than you can deliver and your stepmothers bond with her dogs is your best role model of a loving relationship. And what could the secrets of a prostitute, dug up by her social worker, possibly have to do with you? Every family has secrets. These are the dilemmas of Marcus Aylesbury. From director Martha Fiennes and with an all-star British cast, Chromophobia is a darkly comedic drama set in contemporary London, where money, beauty and success have replaced traditional values of honesty and friendship as the cornerstones of life.
tt0082427
Horror
Against her stern father's orders, teenager Amy Harper visits a sleazy traveling fun fair with her new boyfriend Buzz, her best friend Liz, and Liz's irresponsible boyfriend, Richie. At the carnival, the four teens smoke marijuana, peep into a 21-and-over strip show, heckle fortune teller Madame Zena, visit the freaks-of-nature exhibit, and view a seedy magic show. Amy's 10-year-old brother, Joey, sneaks out of the house to go to the carnival as well. Richie dares the group to spend the night in "The Funhouse" - actually a dark ride. After the park closes, the teenagers sneak back into the fairgrounds settle down inside the ride, at which point they witness the ride assistant (a man in a Frankenstein suit who never speaks) engage Madame Zena as a prostitute. He experiences premature ejaculation, but despite nothing physical having happened, Zena won't return her $100 fee. He strangles her to death in a violent rage. The teenagers try to leave, but find themselves locked inside the ride. As they attempt to escape, Richie secretly steals the money from the strongbox from which "Frankenstein's monster" took Zena's fee. The fun fair's barker, Conrad Straker, then discovers what "Frankenstein's monster" (his adopted son Gunther) has done to Zena. Conrad also promptly realizes that all the money from the strongbox is missing. Thinking Gunther took it, he attacks his son, at which point Gunther's mask is removed, revealing a gruesomely deformed face with sharp protruding teeth and ruby-red eyes. When Richie's lighter falls from the teens' vantage point, Conrad realizes someone is watching. At this point, Conrad and his "monster" son Gunther then stalks through the ride to eliminate any witnesses after also heckling the reluctant Gunther into a murderous rage. Throughout the ride, various props readily double as murder weapons. Meanwhile outside the funhouse, Joey hangs around the dark carnival after it closes for he witnessed Amy and her friends enter the funhouse but did not come out. While searching for a way in, Joey is suprised by the appearance of the unmasked Gunther/Monster at an air vent and attempts to flee only to be found by the other carnival workers who call his parents to pick him up. Mr. and Mrs. Harper soon arrive to pick up the clearly traumatized Joey to take him home (with the implication they will beat him as punishment for sneaking out to go to the carnival). Joey is unable to speak and thus explain to his stern and abusive parents that Amy and her friends are still inside the funhouse. Trapped in the funhouse, the teens quickly die one at a time by the hands of Conrad and Gunther. Richie is first when Gunther throws a noose around his neck and he is strangled to death. Liz is next when she falls through a trapdoor in the floor to a hidden air vent where Gunther approaches. She attempts to sexualy intice the sex-starved monster who lets his guard down for a mintue and Liz stabbs him with a dagger. Wounded but angry, Gunther snatches the dagger away and viciously stabbs Liz to death. Meanwhile, Amy and Buzz attempt to break out of the funhouse through one of the exit ride doors only to be confronted by a gun-toting Conrad. The barker tells them that he is only protecting his son from the authorties and implies that Gunther had previously killed two teenage girls a few months earlier whom inticed him. Just then, Buzz lunges at Conrad to wrestle the gun away from him and manages to impail the barker against a prop sword. Just then Gunther the monster arrives and seeing his father dead, attacks Buzz who attemps to shoot him. Amy is forced to run only to find Buzz's dead body a minute later after Gunther apparently wrestled the pistol away from Buzz and shot him with it. With only Amy remaining, she is terrorized by the funhouse props and dummys which leads her to flee to funhouse maintenance area underneath the building where Gunther follows her to kill her as well leading to the suspenseful, climactic showdown. Amy defends herself with a crowbar against Gunther the monster who grabs the crowbar away from her only to get electrocuted on a nearby fuse box when he swings the crowbar to strike Amy where he is then caugh on a track chain that controls the moving cars through the funhouse. But Gunther revives and grabs Amy only to get crushed to death when the track chain drags him through two spinning gears as Amy screams. As dawn breaks, an exhausted and shaken Amy emerges from the funhouse through the broken down doors while the animatronic fat lady perched atop the ride laughs. Amy then slowly walks out of the deserted carnival, passing a few carnival workers taking down the rides and tents as she heads for home.
tt0087231
Biography,Crime,Drama
Christopher Boyce (Timothy Hutton), a young seminarian, leaves his religious studies and returns to his family home in Rancho Palos Verdes, an affluent peninsula in southern California. He reunites with his friend from childhood, Daulton Lee (Sean Penn). Daulton is a drug smuggler and dealer and is in trouble with the law. He asks Chris to partner with him in the drug business; Chris is not interested and declines. Charlie Boyce (Pat Hingle), Chris's father, pulls strings to get Chris a job at RTX, a large telecommunication company. Chris's polite nature and obvious intelligence at work bring him to the attention of executives Larry Rogers (Macon McCalman), Tony Owens (Jerry Hardin), and Eddie (Nicholas Pryor). After a security review, Chris is assigned to the Vault, a classified area of RTX that is responsible for transmitting encrypted messages among CIA agencies worldwide. Chris soon learns that he and his fellow vault employees, Laurie (Mady Kaplan) and Gene (Dorian Harewood), have free reign in their secret workspace, where they drink, play board games, and generally goof off. In the RTX vault, Chris reads some of the CIA transmissions. By reading and talking to Eddie, Chris learns that the CIA infiltrated Australian labor unions to the CIA's benefit. Chris tells Daulton that he thinks it's wrong for the CIA to get involved in the economy and politics of an ally. He suggests to Daulton that he steal top secret documents from the Vault and that Daulton deliver the documents to the Russian embassy in Mexico. Chris wants to weaken the American intelligence community. Originally, Daulton tells Chris he's a patriot and wants nothing to do with selling secrets to the Russians. However, when he is arrested for dealing by the DEA and facing serious jail time, Daulton decides to jump bail and move to Mexico, avoiding jail. Selling stolen documents will give him a revenue stream and he tells Chris he's interested. Chris photocopies classified documents related to the CIA satellites at RTX and gives them to Daulton. He tells Daulton never to reveal Chris's name to the Russians or else they will no longer need Daulton and then Daulton could be in danger. At the Russian Embassy in Mexico City, Daulton connects with a middle-aged official, Alex (David Suchet). Later, Daulton calls Chris at a pay phone with the code "My uncle says hi" which indicates that the Russians were interested in the documents. Inside his apartment, a shaken Chris calls home and speaks briefly to his mother, who is happy to hear from him and tells him she loves him but she has to run. Chris declines to talk to his father. Daulton continues to meet Alex in Mexico City in various locations, using spy tradecraft to exchange cash for documents. The Russians tell Daulton to get a special spy camera instead of using a copier to copy documents. At first, the deals go smoothly and Daulton is pleased with the cash. In the meantime, Chris meets a young woman, Lana, (Lori Singer) at a pet store. She moves in with him but Chris doesn't tell Lana what he's doing with the classified documents from RTX. Over time, Chris notices that Daulton is destabilizing. He's using heroin regularly and making mistakes, bragging at a party and telling a girl he's a spy. The Russians are getting tired of working with Daulton, because he is not delivering the satellite frequencies they desperately want. At RTX, the Vault is subject to a security inspection by the NSA with only a minute's notice. Chris, Laurie, and Gene frantically work to hide alcohol empties, sloppy work, and dope. The NSA inspector checks surfaces, phones, drawers, and other areas of the vault but finds nothing out of place except one binder. He asks Chris about it and he deflects to Gene. Chris wants to stop stealing the RTX documents and selling them, saying it's made no difference in the balance of power. Daulton, however, wants to grow the business, expand to smuggling drugs on top of documents. He tells Chris that this is his livelihood now and that if Chris refuses to supply more documents to sell, Daulton will tell Chris's father what they've been doing. Chris surprises Daulton by showing up at his hotel in Mexico City. They meet with the Russian handler, Alex, and depart to the embassy. At the embassy, Daulton, agitated, tears the room apart looking for a listening device. Alex tells Chris that he should continue to spy for Russia; he encourages Chris to go to school and then work for the government. Chris says he's not interested in any spying at all anymore and leaves with Daulton. At the airport, Daulton starts to break down, crying and saying he doesn't know who his friends are anymore. Christopher urges him to come back to the U.S. with him, but Daulton pulls himself together and remains in Mexico. At his apartment, Christopher has packed up all of Lana's belongings. He tells her to move out because he doesnt love her anymore. At RTX, Christopher takes secret photographs of the Pyramider Project, a defunct project that has little significance. He signs off from RTX as it's his last day at work. He enters his apartment, only to find his parents and colleagues have thrown him a surprise party. Christopher tells Daulton he wants to make one last delivery for $100,000. The friends agree they're finished with delivering secrets after this last one. Chris admits he was wrong, that the Russians are just as paranoid and manipulative as the U.S. Daulton tells Christopher he agrees; he's finished and he'll do jail time for his crimes if he has to. He says its too dangerous for Christopher to make the drop and travels to Mexico on his own. Daulton is denied entrance into embassy. Suddenly, he is arrested by Mexican police officers for the murder of a police officer; he is very confused and disoriented. He tries to bribe the police office arresting him but only makes the officer angrier. The police interrogate Daulton and torture him to get him to confess to the killing of a police officer. He refuses and is jailed. Eventually, he is released and given the choice of being deported to the U.S. or the Soviet Union. He chooses America. In California, Christopher is trying to reach Daulton by phone on his hotel and is unnerved when another man answers the phone in Daulton's room. He hangs up silently. At the airport, Christopher is trying to get a flight to a country that doesn't have an extradition agreement with the U.S. He sees various people looking at him and suspects they are with the police. He leaves the airport quickly. He senses they police are circling him and that he'll be arrested at any moment. Christopher finds Lana at her job at a movie ticket booth. He tells her that the police are going to ask her a lot of questions and that he really did love her. Mexican officials drop Daulton at the border, where he is immediately apprehended by heavily armed U.S. Marshalls. Christopher has taken his falcon Fawkes to an open field. He removes her jesses and tells her she's free. He watches as she spirals up in flight, then stops on a high branch. At that moment, multiple police vehicles arrive and arrest Christopher, calling him a traitor and knocking him roughly on the ground. Chris goes willingly, watching Fawkes. Christopher is debriefed by FBI agents in a government room. He stays composed and tells the truth over multiple days of interrogation. "What was once a legitimate intelligence gathering agency is now being misused to prey on weaker governments," he says by way of explanation. He thinks back to the day he left the seminary. At the Boyce home, Larry Rogers from RTX is talking about Christopher's case with Charlie Boyce, who tells Larry he doesn't want any favors made for his son. Christopher and Daulton are in shackles as they are brought from their sentencinl. Their parents watch as Chris and Daulton walk, chained, down a long hallway. We see images of the boys during their Confirmation and high school graduation ceremonies. Fawkes flies free in a perfectly blue sky. Andrew Daulton Lee was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment. Christopher Boyce was found guilty and sentenced to 40 years imprisonment.
tt0071487
Comedy
Toledo, 1808, a Spanish city occupied by French Napoleonic troops. A firing squad executes a small group of Spanish rebels who cry out Down with liberty! or Long live chains! The troops are encamped in a Catholic church which they desecrate by drinking, singing, and eating the communion wafers. The captain caresses a statue of a medieval woman and is knocked unconscious by her husband (a knights funerary statue). In revenge, the captain exhumes the body of the wife to find her face has not decomposed; there is a suggestion of intended necrophilia. Cut to the present day where a nanny is reading the voice-over from a book whilst seated on a park bench. The children in her care are given some pictures by a strange man in the park; there are implications of child abduction or pedophilia. Cut to a close-up of a spider and the interior of a bourgeois apartment where a man is fed up with symmetry as he rearranges his mantelpiece. The children arrive home and show the pictures to their parents who are shocked that the girls have such images. The parents are disgusted and yet erotically stimulated by the images which we assume to be pornographic when we see the images, they are revealed as picture postcards of architecture (there is a satirical nod towards Freudian symbolism in the images of tunnels and columns). The parents then let the children keep the pictures and dismiss the nanny. At bedtime, the husband cant sleep as he is woken in the night by a cockerel, a postman and an emu wandering through his bedroom. In the next scene, the husband visits his doctor, who dismisses these nighttime experiences as apparitions despite the fact that the husband has physical evidence in the form of a letter from the nocturnal postman. The evidence is never considered as the doctors nurse interrupts the conversation to tell her employer that she must visit her sick father. The nurse drives through a rainy night, meeting a military tank on the road that is apparently hunting foxes. The soldiers tell her that the road ahead is blocked; the nurse drives to an isolated hotel. A storm breaks as the nurse checks in at the small rural hotel. Some Carmelite monks are also staying at the hotel. She takes supper in her room while a flamenco dancer and guitarist perform in an adjacent room. The monks interrupt her as she is dressing for bed. They offer to use a holy effigy and prayer to assist her sick father, they begin to pray. Time has passed and the monks are playing a game of poker with the nurse and the hotel manager, gambling with holy relics, smoking and drinking alcohol. That same night, some new guests arrive at the hotel; a young man and his aunt. The young nephew has brought his aunt to the hotel for an incestuous affair yet another sexual taboo is addressed. They retire to their room, the elderly aunt confesses that she is a virgin, when the nephew pulls back the sheets to look at her naked body; she has the body of a young woman. The nephew is refused by his aunt and leaves his room to join another couple (a hatter and his female assistant) for a drink. The nurse and the four monks are also invited into the hatters room. While the guests are socialising, the hatters assistant dons a dominatrix outfit with a whip. The hatter, who is wearing bottomless trousers, proceeds to be masochistically flagellated by his assistant in front of the other guests who are shocked and leave. The nephew returns to his aunt, who is now willing to make love with him. The next morning, the nurse leaves for the town of Argenton, giving a lift to another resident who is breakfasting in the bar. This resident is a professor at the police academy. He is dropped off at work where he gives a lecture to a class of delinquent policemen on the subject of the relativism of laws, customs and taboos. The lecture is constantly interrupted until only two officers are left in the class. The professor continues, using a dinner party at his friends house to illustrate a point he is making. We then cut to the dinner party which is being held in a modern bourgeois apartment. The guests are seated around the table on flushing toilets. They politely discuss various issues around the topic of defecation whilst publicly using the toilets that they are sitting on. When a guest is hungry, he excuses himself and retires to a private cubicle to eat food. We cut back to the police lecture. The two policeman go on duty where they stop a speeding motorist (Mr. Legendre) who is rushing to see his doctor. Mr. Legendre is eventually told by his doctor that he has cancer and offered a cigarette, he slaps his doctor and returns home. Once home, he tells his wife that nothing is wrong with him. They receive a phone call informing them that their daughter has disappeared from school. We now cut to the school where the teachers insist that the little girl has vanished despite the fact that she is physically present. Her disappearance is reported to the police, the girl is present but none of the adults admit to her presence. In this absurdist scene, she is there the adults are able to see and speak to her, yet they act as if she is missing. We follow one of the policemen, who is having his shoes shined. We then follow the man who is sitting next to him to the top of a tower block. This man is a sniper who randomly kills people in the streets below. He is arrested, found guilty and sentenced to death but leaves the courtroom to be treated as a celebrity. Mr. Legendre is called to see the Prefect of Police who returns the missing daughter. The prefect is about to read a letter explaining how the girl was found but is interrupted and leaves to visit a bar. In the bar he meets a woman who looks like his dead sister (we see a flashback in which he remembers his sister playing the piano, naked). He then receives a phone call from his dead sister, asking him to meet her at the mausoleum. When he visits the cemetery at night, he finds a telephone in the crypt by his sisters coffin; her hair is hanging out of the coffin. He is suddenly arrested for desecration by officers who refuse to believe that he is the Prefect of Police. The prefect is taken to his office, where a different man takes his place. The two men treat each other cordially and discuss crowd control as if they are acquainted. We see the animals in the zoo, the two police chiefs arrive and direct police control of an unseen riot. The film ends with a close-up shot of an ostrichs head.
tt0071141
Drama,Romance
An older German woman named Emmi (Brigitte Mira) enters an Arabic bar in Germany. The patrons all stare at her as she sits at the nearest table. The bartender (Barbara Valentin) walks over and Emmi explains how she needed to get out of the rain, and asks about the foreign music playing. The bartender tells her that it is Arabic music. Emmi notices that the patrons are mostly Arabic, and proceeds to order a cola. A brunette woman picks a song on the jukebox and suggests that Ali (El Hedi ben Salem) dances with Emmi. As they dance Emmi finds out that Ali is from Morocco and works as a mechanic. He says that he spends most of his time in that bar since Germans do not seem to treat Arabs very well. The whole bar watches as they talk and dance together. At the end of the song Ali and Emmi sit down at her table. Ali pays for Emmis drink and introduces himself. He tells her that everyone calls him Ali. Then Emmi needs to leave Ali offers to walk her home. The whole bar watches as the couple leaves. They arrive at Emmis apartment building and talk for awhile in the lobby. Ali asks her what she does for work, and she reluctantly tells him that she is a cleaning woman. He does not judge her and listens as she talks about her work. She realizes how nice it is to talk to someone, since she is alone most of the time. Emmi invites Ali up to her apartment to have coffee until the rain stops. As they walk up the stairs Emmi is stopped by her neighbor Mrs. Karges (Elma Karlowa) to pay her some money she owes her. As they continue up the stairs Mrs. Karges runs to tell another neighbor that Emmi has gone upstairs with a foreigner. They are disgusted by the idea of such a match. The next scene begins with Ali having a coffee with Emmi in her kitchen. As she gets the brandy she tells him that her husband was a polish worker who stayed in Germany after the war. Her family did not approve since he was a foreigner. She asks about Alis family and he tells her that his parents are dead and that he has five sisters. He tells Emmi he needs to leave but she asks him to stay for another drink. Ali needs to leave or he will miss the last tram of the night. He lives far away and shares a room with five other men. Emmi says that is inhuman, but Ali says that Arabs are not humans in Germany. Emmi decides to invite him over for the night. Ali cannot sleep and asks Emmi if he can talk with her for awhile in her room. He tells how lonely he is, and that maybe he isnt human at all. Emmi comforts him and tells him that that simply isnt true. The next morning Emmi wakes up to find Ali in her bed. At first she cannot believe what has happened and hurriedly leaves the room. She looks at herself in the bathroom mirror, and Ali finds her with tears running down her face. All she sees is her old age, but Ali does not see it. They look at each other and embrace each other. Next Emmi and Ali have breakfast together before they set off for work. She calls herself an old woman, but Ali does not see her as one. He sees her as a good person with a big heart. Emmi is so happy but she starts to cry out of fear. Ali tells her that fear isnt good, that it eats the soul. The two go downstairs together and part ways while Mrs. Karges watches from upstairs. Later that day Emmi is on her lunch break at work. As she eats with her co-workers they get on the topic of foreigners and how they all they care about is money and sex. Emmi tries to defend foreigners but it is obvious that these women will not change their minds about them. They think that a woman should die of shame if she were to ever become involved with such a man. Next Emmi goes to visit her daughter Krista (Irm Hermann) and her husband Eugen (Rainer Werner Fassbinder). Eugen is home from work on sick leave, and he and Krista keep bickering in front of Emmi. She changes the subject by asking about foreign workers at Eugens job. This upsets him greatly and he barks at his wife to get his cigarettes. Emmi then proclaims she has fallen in love with a Moroccan who is at least 20 years younger than her. Krista and Eugen think she is joking and laugh. She tells them it is no joke and leaves the apartment, but they still do not take her seriously. The whole idea is too unbelievable to be true. That evening Emmi returns to the bar where she met Ali the night before. She sits at the same table and orders a cola. The bartender brings her the drink and states that it isnt raining. She makes it abundantly clear that it was her bar and that Emmi was not welcome in it. Emmi sits there in hopes of running into Ali. She quickly leaves the bar and walks home, where she finds Ali waiting for her outside. They greet each other and go upstairs together. Next we see Emmi and Ali eating together in Emmis kitchen. As Emmi clears the table and gets them coffee Ali tells her that he has money to give her. He wants to pay her back for all the food and drinks she has provided. Emmi thinks that money will spoil their friendship and says she will put the money in a drawer for him when he needs it. Ali wants Emmi to take the money but she utterly refuses. They are then interrupted by Mr. Gruber (Marquard Bohm), the landlords son. Gruber comes by to tell her that she is not allowed to sublet to others and that Ali must move out. Emmi panics and tells him that Ali is not renting from her but they are actually getting married. Since that is the case the matter is resolved, or so Gruber thinks. Once he leaves Emmi tells Ali what she has done, and he thinks it is a good idea. He agrees to marry her and they have a drink before telling the news to his Arab buddies. Emmi and Ali go to the bar and celebrate their engagement with his friends. The brunette that was at the bar in the beginning of the film appears again and she is disgusted by the news. She calls Emmi is a filthy old whore, which then the bartender points out her jealousy. Emmi puts on a song on the jukebox and she and Ali dance to it. The other woman says that it will never work out because it is so unnatural. The next scene begins with Emmi and Ali leaving the courthouse where they have just gotten married. It is only the two of them and they are both dressed in grey suits, and Emmi has a bouquet of red flowers. As they walk together Emmi points out how long her new name is. She is now Emanuela ben Salem MBarek Mohammed Mustapha. She thinks it sounds terrific. They stop at a phone booth where Emmi calls her daughter Krista. She invites her and her two sons over to her house next Saturday. When Krista asks her why Emmi tells her theres no special reason. Emmi sees a taxi and tells Ali to stop it. The taxi then takes them to a restaurant called Osteria Italiana. It is where Hitler used to eat and Emmi had always wanted to eat there. The entire restaurant is empty except for the two of them and the waiter who is staring at them from the doorway. Emmi suggests they order the most expensive things on the menu, since it is such a special day. Ali says he will eat whatever she eats. She calls the waiter over and orders their food. The waiter asks her how she would like the Chateaubriand prepared. She is confused about the question, so the waiter asks if she wants it rare or medium. She tells him rare sounds good. Then she changes her mind once the waiter explains that rare means almost raw. The waiter then asks if they would like an aperitif to start with. Emmi is not sure which one to ask for, so the waiter recommends the house aperitif. After the waiter walks away Emmi says how he really had her on the rack there and it can be difficult if you are not used to things like that. The couple stares at each other and then they both stare forward. The scene ends with them looking ahead through the doorway. Emmis children have come over to her house at her request. Albert, Bruno, Krista and her husband are all sitting in the living room waiting for Emmis announcement. They are all curious as to why she has asked them there, and one of her sons asks if she is ill. Emmi tells them she is not ill but has gotten married. They are all shocked. They ask who she has married, so she calls Ali into the room. She introduces him to the children, who all stare at them with blank expressions on their faces. The room is silent until Bruno walks over to the television and kicks in the glass. He storms out of the apartment and Krista goes after him. Albert stands and tells Emmi that their marriage is a disgrace. She can forget that she has any children, and that he will have nothing to do with a whore. Krista comes back and tells her husband that they are living this pigsty. Once they leave Emmi breaks down into tears. Next Ali is at the local store trying to buy some Libelle margarine. The store owner (Walter Sedlmayr) keeps giving him lemonade even though Ali repeatedly tells him like butter, not lemonade. The owner barks at him to learn German and that he cannot help him. Adele (Doris Mattes) comes out and asks him what Ali wants. He tells her that he wants Libelle, which she says is the new margarine. The owner does in fact know what Ali wanted, but he just refuses to help him. Ali leaves the store. Ali comes home and tells Emmi what has happened. She knows that the owner understood Ali and just didnt want to serve him. She has been a customer at that store for twenty years and is furious. Ali says not to fight, that fighting isnt good. Emmi leaves the apartment to have a word with the shopkeeper. Emmi arrives at the store and Mr. Angermeyer why he wont serve her husband. He says that he couldnt understand what Ali was saying. She tells him that Ali asked for Libelle margarine. He pretends that he didnt know thats what Ali wanted. Emmi knew he understood him perfectly but he just didnt want to help a foreigner. Angermeyer does not appreciate Emmi accusing him of discrimination and that he cannot serve someone who cant speak German. Emmi angrily tells him that is nonsense and that Ali speaks better German than him. This upsets Angermeyer and he bans Emmi from the store. Emmi walks home from the store to find some of the neighbors standing in the stairwell. They stop her and tell her that everyone in the building has agreed that she has to clean the stairwell twice a month instead of their usual system. The three women say that there has been a lot more dirt than usual and that she should clean it since she brought a foreigner home. Emmi tells Mrs. Karges to mind her own business, since she does not meddle in her affairs. Mrs. Karges says that they have nothing to be ashamed of like she does. Emmi accuses her of jealousy and continues up the stairs. Mrs. Karges is shocked by the notion and wonders whatever Emmi could mean by that. Ali comes home to find Emmi sitting in the kitchen. She looks at his paystub and sees that he worked five hours overtime. She jokingly says that she thought he was off boozing somewhere. Ali doesnt understand what she means. Emmi explains herself and he says that he doesnt drink without her. She adds together their earnings and says that they will be rich, and that they will buy a little piece of heaven. He asks her why heaven? and she says it is just a fancy of hers. Ali gets up to take a shower and she offers to make him coffee. Emmi walks into the bathroom and sees Ali in the shower. She looks at him and tells him that he is very beautiful and that his coffee is ready. Ali continues to wash himself. Ali steps out into the kitchen and Emmi hands him his coffee. The doorbell rings and Emmi goes to answer it. Her coworker Paula (Gusti Kreissl) came over to see if Emmi could work her shift for her so she could attend her sisters funeral. She invites her into the living room where she introduces her to Ali. Paula is shocked to find out that they have been married for three months. She quickly excuses herself and says she will ask someone else to cover her shift. Ali says that that woman is no good, but Emmi just writes it off as just shock. He knows that she was disgusted by him and says that she had death in her eye. Emmi tells him he is imagining things and to get dressed. Ali suggests they go out to see his Arab buddies since Germans are not good. Emmi doesnt feel like going out but tells him to invite his friends over to their apartment. Ali goes to the bar to invite his friends over. No one is there yet except for the bartender. As she pours him a beer she asks him if he is happy, to which Ali says he doesnt know. She tells him to come over to her place sometime and she will make him couscous. He tells her that he doesnt know if he will, so she asks him if he is scared of his wife. This upsets him and he says he is not. She again tells him to come over, and he says maybe. One of Alis buddies and the brunette woman walk into the bar. They greet each other and Ali invites them over to his house. The woman says she will not go to that old whores place. Ali grabs her by her dress and tells her that Emmi is not an old whore. He lets her go and the two men walk to the door. They run into two other men on the way out and they all leave for Emmis. The bartender and the woman are left alone watching them leave. Later Mrs. Karges and another neighbor are in the stairwell talking to two police officers. They complain to them that the party going on in Emmis apartment is too loud. They also tell the officers that she has four Arabs in her apartment and that it isnt safe. The officers tell them not to exaggerate and that they will speak with Emmi. They walk up the stairs and the two women stay where they are, commenting on the policemens long hair. Ali and three of his buddies sit in the living room and play a game while Emmi watches. The door bell rings and Emmi goes to answer it. The policemen inform her that the neighbors are complaining about the noise and ask her if she could turn the music down. She agrees and says goodnight to the officers. Emmi walks back into the living room and asks Ali to turn down the music. She tells him that the neighbors have sent the police on them. They look out the window and watch the policemen drive away. Emmi is on her lunch break at work and eats with her coworkers in the stairwell. She asks them to pass her a knife, but all three women ignore her. They talk amongst themselves as if she doesnt exist. She tells them to stop acting so strange and asks them again to pass her a knife. They pretend they dont hear her and carry on their conversation. Emmi stands up and gets the knife herself. As she sits down the women decide to move further down the stairs. They continue talking and leave Emmi all by herself. Emmi and Ali leave their apartment building and walk past Mr. Gruber, Mrs. Karges, and the other neighbor woman. As they walk away Mrs. Karges asks Gruber if there is anything that can be done about them. He does not see a problem with Emmi and Ali as tenants. He says they seem happy together. The second woman does not see their happiness, just how indecent their union is. Gruber does not see anything indecent about the couple, though he says he has tried. He says goodbye to the ladies and departs. Mrs. Karges asks the other woman if she can understand such a situation. She says she does not and goes inside. The couple is sitting across from each other at an outdoor café. They are surrounded by dozens of empty yellow tables. Ali looks behind him and sees a group of people staring at them from the doorway. Emmi tells him to ignore them and that they are just envious. Ali doesnt understand so Emmi explains what envious means. She begins to cry. Emmi is so happy to be with the man she loves, but she cant take peoples judgments anymore. She pretends that peoples hatred doesnt bother her but it really does. She screams at the other people to stop staring at them. Ali comforts her as she becomes hysterical. Emmi suggests they go on a trip together to get away from everyone. Then when they get back everything will be different. The shopkeeper sees Emmi and Ali return from their trip. Adele points out how nice Emmi always was. She figures that the marriage wont last and that he should let Emmi shop there again. The shop needs the business and Emmi was always such a good customer. He decides that he will greet her the next time she walks by the store. Emmi and Ali take their things from the car and start walking upstairs. Two neighbors greet Emmi and wish to speak to her about her cellar. Mrs. Ellis son has been sent to Norway for a year and she needs a place to store his things. Emmi offers her space and promises that Ali will help her move. The woman thanks her and Emmi continues upstairs. As they separate the other two ladies comment on how nice and helpful Emmi is. Back at the apartment Emmi gives Ali the cellar keys and tells him to help Mrs. Ellis. If they are nice to her then she will be nice to them. She says she is going shopping and tells Ali to change his clothes. Adele and Mr. Angermeyer see Emmi walking towards their store. Adele tells him to go outside and talk to her. He greets her and invites her inside the store to tell them all about her trip. Emmis son Bruno walks up Emmis stairwell and is greeted by Mrs. Karges. She tells him that Emmi has returned from her trip and has gone out shopping. He thanks her and she proceeds to tell him about Ali helping Mrs. Ellis and about her son going to Norway. Emmi arrives and Bruno walks with her upstairs to her apartment. As Emmi puts things away, Bruno apologizes for breaking the television set. The children have gotten used to the marriage except for Albert. Emmi forgives him and he then asks her for a favor. His wife is going to start working again and they need Emmi to watch their child for a few hours a day. Ali arrives and Bruno shakes his hand. Ali goes to take a shower. Emmi agrees to Brunos favor and he leaves the apartment. Ali asks Emmi if she is going to make couscous. She tells them that she cannot make couscous and that he should get used to the way things are in Germany. Germans dont eat couscous and she herself doesnt like it. Ali leaves to go meet his Arab buddies and to eat couscous. He does not want Emmi to go with him. After he leaves Emmi is left standing alone in her kitchen, staring at the floor. Ali walks to his usual bar but it is closed. He goes to upstairs to the bartenders apartment. At first he hesitates, but then he rings the doorbell. She asks him if he wants anything to eat or drink, so he says he wants couscous. She tells him to help himself to some fig brandy. Later she finds him in the living room staring out the window. He takes off his jacket and she takes off his shirt from behind. They face each other and hug. Ali returns home drunk. He walks around calling Emmis name and tries to find the bedroom. He finds it locked and passes out on the floor. Emmi opens the door and sees him. She leaves him on the floor and closes the door. The next day they eat together in silence. They look at each other but do not say a word. Ali leaves the apartment while Emmi just stares at the table. At work Emmis coworkers greet her at lunch as if nothing has happened. They tell her that Frieda has been fired for stealing. In her place they have hired a foreign woman named Yolanda from Herzegovina. As they are talking one of the women decide that they should talk further down the stairs away from Yolanda. Then they tell Emmi that they are not getting their raise and that Yolanda makes less money than them. Emmi invites them over to her house to discuss how to get their raise. They decide not to invite Yolanda since she is on a different pay scale than them. Yolanda continues to eat her lunch alone. Later that evening the women show up to Emmis place and they meet Ali. They talk about him to Emmi as if he isnt there. They touch and examine him like some prize animal. He leaves the room and they dont know what is wrong with him. Emmi says its simply his foreign mood swings. She leaves the room to get coffee for the women and sees Ali leave the apartment. Again, they stare at each other and do not say a word. She turns back around and smiles at her friends, even though it is quite obvious that she is not in a smiling mood. Ali arrives at the bartenders apartment. She is just on her way out but she invites him to stay and eat leftover couscous. After she leaves he sits on the couch and looks down at the floor. Emmi thinks she hears Ali walking up the stairs. She opens the door and yells for him but it is just Mr. Gruber. She apologizes and begins to cry. Mr. Gruber says goodnight and leaves Emmi crying in her doorway. Ali wakes up on the bartenders couch just as she arrives home. She asks him to stay over for the night. Ali undresses as she cleans up in the bathroom. She walks back into the room naked and turns off the light before walking over to him. They embrace and lie down on the couch together. Ali is at work and one of his coworkers is telling jokes. His boss walks in with Emmi. She confronts Ali and asks him where he has been all night. She tells him how much she misses him and asks him to come back. He stares at her and says nothing. One of the men asks if that his grandmother from Morocco, and all the men laugh. Emmi and Ali stare at each other and she leaves. After she walks out the men continue to laugh at the joke, except for Ali. Later Ali gambles with is buddies at the bar. After he loses a game he sends one of the men to his house to get more money. The bartender scolds him for gambling away his wages. Ali snaps at her and goes into the bathroom. After using the urinal Ali walks over to the mirror. He stares at himself and slaps himself in the face over and over again. Ali comes out of the bathroom just as his friend returns with his money. He plays another hand and Emmi comes into the bar. She sits at a table and orders a cola. Ali loses again. The bartender brings Emmi her drink and she asks her to play The Black Gypsy on the jukebox. When the music starts to play Ali walks over to Emmis table. He asks her to dance with her. She stands and they walk to the dance floor. As they dance Ali confesses that he slept with another woman. She doesnt care but she says that she cannot stop him from doing that. However, she does want them to get along when they are together. Otherwise life isnt worth living. Ali says he doesnt want anyone else and that he only loves her. Emmi says that she loves him too and that together they are strong. Right then Ali collapses to the floor and groans in pain. Emmi tries to comfort him as the bartender calls an ambulance At the hospital the doctor explains to Emmi that Ali has a perforated stomach ulcer. It is very common among foreign workers due to the stress. They can only operate and he will probably have another one in six months. He will recover but the doctor guesses he will be back again. Emmi goes to Alis bedside and holds his hand as she cries.
tt0089087
Action,Adventure,Drama
Bill Markham is an engineer who has moved to Brazil with his family to complete the construction of a large hydro-electric dam. The construction requires large areas of forest to be cleared, even more to be flooded. Its completion will bring more people to the areas who will clear the jungle for agriculture and living space. When the film opens, Markham has taken his family to the edge of the forest for a picnic to show them the jungle and the progress of the dam's construction. The site is abuzz with workers and machines cutting and clearing, but is situated right on the edge of a vast expanse of dense and unexplored Amazon terrain. His young son, Tommy, aged seven, wanders from the cleared area to just inside the treeline where he amuses himself by feeding his picnic snacks to the large jungle ants. It is then that an Indian from one of the indigenous tribes known as the Invisible People notices him, and is struck by the boy's blonde hair and bright green eyes, which are the colour of the forest. Tommy sees the tribesman, who smiles warmly at him and speaks softly in his language. Young Tommy then runs out of the treeline to inform Markham that the jungle is full of "smiling people" but his father laughs him off skeptically, telling him he'll be right there to check it out. When Tommy returns to the treeline just ahead of Markham, the tribesman decides that it is unfair to leave the child with these strange people, who, in his opinion, are destroying the world. He abducts the child. As Markham realises his son has just been taken, a warning shot from an unseen archer lands in a tree near his head. Regardless of the arrow, Markham pursues them, calling upon all the nearby construction workers to help. Frantically hacking his way through the undergrowth, Markham comes to a ridge in a clearing that reveals before him an endless valley of dense jungle. His son is gone. The story jumps ahead some ten years. The dam is nearing completion. Tommy, or Tommé as he is now called, has become part of the tribe that he lives with, adopting their language, culture and way of life. The tribesman who took him is revealed to be the chief of the Invisible People, and has taken Tommé for his own son. Tommé is depicted going through rituals of manhood and courtship, becoming involved with a beautiful member of the tribe named Kachiri. After their marriage ceremony, he undergoes a vision quest, where his spirit animal shows him what he must do to help his tribe: retrieve the sacred stones from a remote spot deep in the jungle, at the foot of a waterfall. The sacred stones are essentially a mossy-green clay, out of which the Invisible People make their signature body paint that allows them to blend in so seamlessly with the jungle. The chief of the tribe informs Tommé that the quest will be dangerous, as the Fierce People have moved into the area. The Fierce People are a hostile tribe of cannibal warriors, who ironically had been displaced from their own lands years earlier by the beginning of the dam's construction. They are now coming into uncomfortably close proximity to the Invisible People. Meanwhile, in the years after their son's abduction the Markham family has not given up hope of finding Tommy. Bill's wife Jean is now a social worker, heavily involved with orphans and displaced children. Bill himself has become well versed in tribal Amazonian culture in his search for the elusive people who took his son, to the extent that he has become nearly fluent in a few local Indian dialects. One day Bill hosts a particularly obnoxious journalist who is doing an exploitative piece of the subject of Markham's search among Indian peoples, and the two of them set off for a mission on the river. The only clue Markham has to seek out answers is the arrow that was originally shot at him when his son was abducted. Because of the particular fletching used in the arrow, local Indians on the river are able to identify the tribe that Markham has been seeking, and inform him that he quite unsurprisingly hasn't found them up until this point because they are known as the Invisible People. However, Markham and his journalist companion, whose cynicism and sarcasm concerning indigenous peoples is beginning to wear on him, set off for a likely place along the river where they intend to camp and set off fireworks and bottle rockets to attract the attention of any uncontacted but curious tribes in the region. Unfortunately, the tribe they do stumble upon happens to be the Fierce People, who quickly take them into captivity. Markham, who is armed with a CAR-15 carbine, is able to defend himself adequately and just long enough to have an exchange with the leader of the Fierce People. The chief informs Markham that he admires his tenacity, comparing him to a jaguar, and that after a night's head-start into the jungle he will be hunted at daybreak. The journalist is not so lucky, and is gutted on the spot by the tribe's women. Markham then flees the jeering Fierce People into the jungle, firing bursts from his carbine into the darkness behind him. Shortly after dawn, Markham, in hot pursuit and low on ammunition, stumbles into the foot of a waterfall and sees a young Indian underneath the falls gathering stones. Right before he shoots, the young Indian steps forward toward Markham and is revealed to be Tommé, and the two instantly recognise each other. The moment is shattered when the Fierce People burst from the jungle above and behind them in full force, during which Markham takes an arrow in the shoulder. Tommé and his father fight off the Fierce warriors and manage to escape downriver, but Markham loses his carbine in the process. Back home with the Invisible People, Markham spends time recovering from his injuries and fighting off a fever. He comes to understand his son's transformation and the tribe's way of life, forging a begrudging respect for the chief who took him as a child. Markham himself undergoes a vision quest, discovers his spirit animal, and wakes up back in civilisation having been dropped off by the Invisible People at the edge of the dam's construction zone while he was unconscious. During these events, it is revealed that the chief of the Fierce People has been busy trying to figure out how to work the carbine Markham left behind, which he immediately understands is a formidable weapon. The chief is seen working himself up into a rage whilst stuffing bones and rocks into the firing chamber of the carbine in an increasingly desperate and futile attempt to make it shoot. Later, at a seedy brothel and cantina on the edge of the construction zone, the Fierce People wander from the jungle with the M4 in hand to essentially ask someone from civilisation how to work the thing. Seeing an opportunity, the unscrupulous owners of the brothel manage to communicate to the Fierce People that if they are brought some women (motioning to the adjacent jungle) that they would then give the Fierce warriors all the guns and bullets they wanted. When coming back to their village from taking Markham back home, Tommé and his friends in the tribe discover to their horror that the village has been violently raided, many have been killed and all their young women are missing. It is then discovered that the Fierce People have sold them all to the brothel for rifles and liquor. Tommé and his best friend from the tribe then embark upon a harrowing quest into the city, where he will find his old home according to his childhood memory, and ask his father for help. During the journey, the two tribesmen meet and are helped along by two other young men who are revealed to have been former members of the Bat People tribe, but who now live in the city. Tommé manages to navigate from memory to his parents' multistory condo, which he climbs like a tree. Tommé is seen by his mother during this encounter for the first time in a decade. Markham agrees to help Tommé and his tribe by rescuing all the women from the brothel. Coordinating his attack with the Invisible People to take place at night, while all the members of the Fierce People are wildly drunk outside the building, Markham initiates a shootout in the brothel whilst all the women are sprung from captivity. However, during the attack, several members of the Invisible People are killed, including the chief, Tommé's adopted tribal father. In the aftermath of this event, Tommé becomes chief of the tribe. Markham warns Tommé that the dam, imminently nearing completion, will bring more people, reduce more jungle, and likely end their way of life, but Tommé is obstinate, insisting that the rains will wash the dam away when the frogs sing loudly enough. Soon afterward, during a particularly bad storm, Markham places demolition explosives at key points along the dam, blowing it up during the peak of the rains. With the dam washed away, Tommé and the tribe can live in relative peace for a little while longer. The film ends with Tommé and Kachiri sitting at the swimming hole near their village in the jungle, watching the members of their tribe splash and play. The tribe even includes a few new members in the two young men from the Bat People who had helped Tommé earlier. Tommé and Kachiri laugh together and leisurely speculate on which members of the tribe would make good couples.
tt0087197
Comedy,Drama,Music
Lonely architect Miles (Von Dohlen) purchases a fancy new "Pine cone" personal computer and clumsily spills champagne on it which, of course, imbues the computer with human (or more than human) intelligence, prodigious musical talent and the voice of Bud Court. The computer (now called Edgar) proceeds to fall in love with Miles' upstairs neighbour, beautiful cellist Madeline (Madsen) with whom it engages in anonymous musical duets thanks to the talents of iconic 80's film composer Giorgio Moroder. Madeline of course assumes the music comes from the obviously shy Miles and a romance ensues. A romance which stokes the fires of jealousy on the part of Edgar. By way of revenge, Edgar cancels Miles' credit cards and wreaks various other havoc on his on-line accessible identity. Meanwhile Madeline cannot understand why Miles won't play music with her when he obviously has such talent. None the less, human love prevails and Edgar nobly commits suicide when he realises that he will never, can never, win the heart of his human love. The film contains several neo-classical musical numbers, various examples of state-of-the-art 80's computer graphics and 80's sexology icon Dr. Ruth in a cameo.
tt0070672
Action,Crime,Drama
New York City circa 1973. A business type enters an antique store as a heavily bearded type is shown upstairs by one of the store's owners. A burly deliveryman with a glass water cooler bottle enters and trips over the businessman, smashing up several antiques. A loud argument ensues and uniformed police must intervene - until a painter breaks into the office upstairs and returns with a box wrapped in grocery paper - and containing large wads of counterfeit money. Thus has The Seven-Ups - a special unit led by Buddy Manucci (Roy Scheider) and including Officers Ansel (Ken Kercheval) (the phony painter), Barelli (Victor Arnold), and Mingo (Jerry Leon) (the phony deliveryman) - broken up another area of criminal activity. But their unorthodox methods upset Lt. Jerry Hanes (Robert Burr), who has confronted the team's commanding officer Inspector Gilson (Rex Everett) before about their methods only for Gilson to fully stand up for his men. The controversy upsets Manucci, though he is reassured by his CO's endorsement. Presently the team is gathering information on a crooked bail bondsman, Festa (Matt Russo), as his name has turned up on a wiretap. Buddy consults one of his Mob informants, funeral parlor owner Vito Lucia (Tony Lo Blanco), who presently does not have any new information to give. Later mobster Max Kalish (Larry Haines) is arrested at his plush mansion by two FBI agents - but they are not FBI agents as they corner Kalish, punch him out, then demand a hefty ransom from Kalish's lawyer. The lawyer and a mob errand boy drive to a car wash where the phony G-men lock the car's doors and steal the ransom; they later dump Kalish in a vacant lot and drive off, and at a museum Moon (Richard Lynch), the longish-haired younger of the two kidnappers, meets his connection where money changes hands for the successful kidnapping. While walking through his old neighborhood Buddy is summoned by a barber, who tells him of disturbing activity within the area's mafia gang. Buddy and Ansel then become more concerned when they are tailing Festa and he is grabbed by two men (the same gunmen who grabbed Kalish) who portray themselves as members of the District Atorney's office. Buddy and the team then stake out Vito's funeral parlor, where Kalish and other criminals are meeting to decide what to do next; the kidnappers of Festa want another ransom, to be exchanged at the same car wash, and the mobsters' anxiety shows when a bodyguard starts to whip out a revolver on Vito when he appears. Ansel has infiltrated the ranks of mobsters' limo drivers wearing a wire - but while Buddy and the others are momentarily distracted one of the bodyguards notices the wire. Ansel is taken inside, beaten, and his cover blown. Kalish, thinking the kidnappers are cops, ties up and gags Ansel and stuff him into the trunk of his fellow criminal Carmine Cotello (Lou Polan), who will drive to the car wash with a tail of gunmen to deal with the kidnappers. When Mingo sees Ansel is not among the limo drivers, Buddy and Borelli jump in their car and follow Cotello to the car wash. Once there, with the mobsters on one side thinking they will catch the kidnappers there, Cotello instead is jumped just outside the other side of the car wash and driven into a next door parking garage. Buddy and Borelli try to get into the place, but only after hearing gunfire - the result when the kidnappers Moon and his driver Bo think it's a setup and gun down Cotello, then blast open the trunk of his car, and are shocked to find a now-dead policeman inside - do they succeed in entering the garage. They arrest the garage worker, Toredano (Joe Spinell) before discovering Ansel's body. The gunmen then make a break for it and Buddy jumps into his car and a violent high-speed pursuit ensues through the streets of New York City before spilling onto a country highway. Buddy finally catches up to the gunmen but his rammed into the underside of a stricken eighteen-wheeler, and narrowly avoids being decapitated by the truck's rear bumper. Escaping major injury, Buddy and Borelli go to the hospital where Cotello is being treated for critical injuries and the body of Ansel has been posted. Buddy is then interrogated by Gilson and Hanes and it is here he learns of the kidnapping of mafia types - and that the Chief Of Detectives believes it to be The Seven-Ups' work. Vito, meanwhile, is shaken badly by the disastrous turnabout in the Cotello incident, and he confronts Moon telling him to release Festa and lay low. Moon, though, wants none of it, vowing to kill Manucci if he comes calling. Despite Gilson's orders, Buddy, Barilli and Mingo question Toredano on their own, but, having been physically grilled by the police before to no avail, Toredano provides no information. Frustrated by Toredano's silence, Buddy returns to the hospital where he threatens to remove Coltello's oxygen unless he reveals who shot Ansel. Although surprised when Coltello manages to mutter Kalish's name, Buddy and the others go to Kalish's house and at gunpoint demand an explanation. When Kalish details the ransom kidnappings and mentions his circle of mob colleagues who have been affected, Buddy writes down their names. Later at a diner he compares the list to that of the mob bosses Vito has informed upon and realizes the connection. Later that night, Buddy summons an anxious Vito for a meeting and asks for information on Toredano. The next morning, Buddy, Barilli and Mingo arrive at Toredano's dilapidated house. After locking Toredano in the cupboard, Buddy waits inside while Barilli and Mingo hide outside. Soon, Moon and Bo arrive, but Bo spots Barilli and the men shoot each other. Alerted, Moon races away with Buddy in pursuit as Mingo looks after the wounded Barilli. After a chase on foot, Buddy confronts and kills Moon. That afternoon, Buddy meets Vito and reveals he knows about his betrayal. Insisting that he never did anything to hurt Buddy directly, Vito refuses to accept responsibility for Ansel's death, declaring he had to get money to support his wife and children. Disgusted, Buddy assures Vito he will not arrest him, but will make sure the mob bosses know Vito was behind the kidnappings. Horrified, Vito pleads for Buddy's forgiveness, but the detective walks away.
tt0087003
Comedy
In New York City, several veteran comedians bide their time at the Carnegie Deli, discussing the old days. Soon they are recalling theatrical agent, Broadway Danny Rose (Woody Allen), and his motley assortment of minor league talent, including a blind xylophone player, a one-legged tap dancer, a one-armed juggler, balloon folders, and a blonde-haired virtuoso of the water glasses. After trading stories about Danny's devotion to his clients, one of the comedians claims he has the greatest Broadway Danny Rose story, one involving Lou Canova (Nick Apollo Forte), a has-been, overweight Italian-American crooner with a big ego, a drinking problem and one hit song from the fifties. The comedian tells his story: Danny, who is devoted to his clients, attends Lou's nightclub performance and afterward is uneasy when the married Lou, who is saddled with alimony obligations from a previous marriage, purchases a single white rose from a flower shop for his mistress, Tina Vitale (Mia Farrow). Acquainted with Lou's wife Teresa (Sandy Richman) and their twelve-year-old daughter, Danny warns Lou against extra-marital affairs. The nostalgia craze has made it easier for Danny to book Lou on cruise ships and local television shows. When famous comedian, Milton Berle, tells Danny he is looking for talent for his nostalgia-themed television special and his Las Vegas opening act, Danny sees a chance for Lou to make a comeback and convinces Berle to attend Lou's upcoming performance at the Waldorf. As Lou exercises on a treadmill to shed pounds, Danny works almost exclusively with him to prepare his performance, at the expense of his other clients. When Lou insists that he needs Tina at the performance to give him confidence, Danny considers it unwise because Teresa will be there. However, Lou begs him to "be the beard" and pretend to be Tina's date, so that her presence will not arouse suspicion. On the day of the performance, Danny ventures outside his comfort zone of Manhattan to pick up Tina, and when he arrives at her apartment, he finds her screaming at Lou on the phone, accusing him of two-timing her with a "cheap blonde" at the racetrack. She refuses to go to the performance, but Danny takes the phone and assures Lou they will both be there. Trying to convince Tina that her suspicions are unwarranted, Danny follows her to the home of her fortuneteller, Angelina, who urges Tina to resolve all her relationship problems. Acting on Angelina's advice, Tina makes an hour-long drive to a large estate in the suburbs, where her family and others connected to a crime organization have gathered for a party. Intent on settling old affairs, Tina meets with her ex-boyfriend, Johnny Rispoli (Edwin Bordo), who is unwilling to accept that their relationship is over and who, by stalking her, has learned about the single white roses she receives daily from her current lover. Presuming Danny is her new love interest, Johnny calls him "Danny White Roses," but Danny insists he is only a theatrical agent. While continuing to urge Tina to attend Lou's performance, Danny tells Tina how he has nurtured Lou's career, by picking out his clothes and teaching him to budget money, and developing the way Lou tosses the microphone during a performance. When Danny demurs that he is not a Cary Grant in the looks department, Tina says she likes intellectuals and that he is a smooth talker. She adds that Angelina predicted that she would marry a Jew or someone musical. When Johnny captures the attention of the crowd and claims that Danny seduced Tina away from him, Danny and Tina feel compelled to escape from the party in Danny's car. As they race away, Danny learns Tina's husband, an underworld debt collector, was murdered by the mob. Shortly after they leave the party, Johnny's mother declares a vendetta and sends her other sons, hit men Vito and Joe, after Danny. At a coffee shop, when Tina realizes they are being followed, she and Danny abandon the car and run through New Jersey flat lands to evade the brothers, and make their way to Manhattan by boat. On the other side of the Hudson, Tina makes a call and afterward warns Danny to lie low in a hotel for a few days. Balking, Danny insists he must get his pills and other items, so she accompanies him to his apartment. There, she suggests decorating ideas, such as a bamboo motif and zebra skins, to lighten up the dreary place. To support her ambition to be an interior decorator, Danny quotes his Uncle Morris, "the famous diabetic from Brooklyn," on the importance of confidence. Tina then shares her philosophy, "See what you want, go for it," adding that one should "do it to the other guy 'cause if you don't he'll do it to you." Danny says Tina's philosophy sounds like the screenplay to the film, Murder Inc. , and counters with the words of his Uncle Sidney, "acceptance, forgiveness and love," which he calls a real philosophy of life. The Rispoli brothers eventually catch up and kidnap Danny and Tina and take them to a remote warehouse where floats and balloons for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day are stored. When the brothers threaten Danny with pistols, he protests that he is "just a beard." Under duress, Danny offers up the name Barney Dunn as the real lover, because he knows that Barney, the world's worst ventriloquist, was scheduled to perform on a cruise ship and is therefore far from danger. When Danny and Tina are left alone, tied face-to-face to each other, they manage to wriggle loose, but as they leave the warehouse, they must dodge bullets fired at them. When a bullet hits a helium truck used to inflate the Macy's balloons, both the hit man's threats and the intended victims' pleas for mercy sound like the voices of cartoon characters. After escaping, Danny and Tina take a cab back to the theater to find Lou drunk backstage. At Teresa's request, Danny makes his special concoction for counteracting drunkenness and, completely cured, Lou soon sings "My Bambina" from the Waldorf stage. In the audience, Danny shares a table with an approving Milton Berle and Howard Cosell, while another talent agent, Sid Bacharach, watches from another corner of the room. After his successful performance, Lou confesses to Danny that he is signing with Sid Bacharach and has Tina's approval. Danny later learns that the Rispoli brothers beat up Barney Dunn, so he offers to pay Barney's hospital bills. Tina moves in with Lou but finds she's having bad dreams, a case of "bad conscience" according to her fortuneteller. When Lou's success leads to television work in California, Tina refuses to accompany him. On Thanksgiving Day, Tina goes to Danny's apartment and finds him serving frozen turkey TV dinners to his guests, Barney Dunn and his longtime clients. Although she apologizes and reminds Danny of his Uncle Sidney's words of wisdom, "acceptance, forgiveness, and love," Danny rejects her. However, he then pursues her down the city streets, past the Carnegie Deli, and takes her back to his place. In the present, the Carnegie Deli comedians comment on the ultimate achievement of Broadway Danny Rose, "They named a sandwich after him--at this very deli."
tt0093690
Comedy
In New York City, Lauren Ames (Shelley Long) and Sandy Brozinsky (Bette Midler) take an immediate dislike to each other when they meet for the first time while auditioning for an acting class under the great Russian acting teacher Stanislav Korzenowski (Robert Prosky). Sandy, whose last film was a low-budget grade-B movie titled 'Ninja Vixens', is brash and crass and decides to audition on a whim, while the prim and proper, Yale-educated Lauren has practiced for hours on Ophelia's monologue from Hamlet. Both women are accepted, but Sandy gets in on a scholarship, while Lauren must borrow $5,000 from her well-to-do parents, even though she already owes them $32,000. While working her day job at a costume shop, Lauren meets grammar school teacher Michael Santers (Peter Coyote) who is looking for a pumpkin costume for one of his students. When the shop does not have the costume, Lauren offers to make it for him. Michael accompanies Lauren home and the two have sex. They begin dating, but unknown to Lauren, Michael is also sleeping with Sandy. When Michael picks up Lauren after class, he realizes it is their three-week anniversary and has the taxi stop at a florist shop. Immediately after he enters the shop, a bomb explodes and the building is engulfed in flames. A terrorist group claims responsibility. Presuming Michael dead, Lauren goes to the morgue wanting to see his body, but a moment later, Sandy also arrives. The two women scuffle upon realizing they were sleeping with the same man. When they look at the body, the face is burned beyond recognition, but they realize it cannot be Michael because the penis is far too small. Lauren and Sandy report this to police, who laugh them out of the office. They go to Lauren's apartment hoping Michael will be there, but find Russian mobsters searching for evidence that Michael is still alive. Eluding the gangsters, they go to a tobacco shop and learn Michael was in there just a few hours earlier. Following a lead, they pretend to be policewomen and go to drug dealers on the Lower East Side, who report Michael purchased a fake passport under the name "John Strauss." At the airport, Lauren impersonates a Russian wife searching for her runaway husband where the ladies learn from the ticket clerk that their wayward lover is on a flight to Albuquerque, New Mexico, and purchase tickets to go there. Meanwhile, Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent Joe Atkins (John Schuck) and his men have been following the pair, hoping they will lead them to Michael. They try to stop them before they can board the airplane, but the women create a diversion using stolen cash they found which Michael left behind and get on the plane safely. Sandy and Lauren land in Albuquerque at the same time that Atkins and his men arrive in a private plane. They elude the CIA and spot Michael getting off his flight. The women steal a motorcycle and follow Michael to a lakefront shack. However, the CIA arrives a moment later and shoot Michael. Sandy and Lauren knock Atkins unconscious and rescue Michael, then demand answers. Reporting that both women were "convenient" and "forgettable," Michael tries to kill them with a knife, but they run away. Michael chases them across the lakefront and they flag down a passing helicopter. It lands revealing that Atkins is on board along with a man named Weldon (Anthony Heald), who was in their acting class. Weldon, an intelligence agent himself, explains that Michael was at agent in the CIA, but became a double agent, working with Stanislav Korzenowski, who is an agent for the Russian KGB. Weldon was in the acting class trying to catch Michael making contact with Stanislav. Michael stole the prototype of "Florotoxin," an experimental airborne virus which can kill vegetation for hundreds of miles. Weldon explains that just a few drops carried by the wind could destroy the nation's agricultural Wheat Belt. A little later, Michael radios Atkins demanding $20 million for the test tube of Florotoxin. A van picks up Atkins, Weldon, Lauren, and Sandy, unaware that Stanislav and his KGB men are at the wheel. Stanislav uses knockout gas to render Atkins and Weldon unconscious, but Lauren and Sandy escape out the back of the van. When Stanislav shoots his gun in Lauren's direction, she falls and pretends to be hit. As the KGB agent comes to check on her, Lauren grabs his weapon and holds him at gunpoint, demanding answers. Stanislav explains that Michael targeted both women because they were in his class. He and Michael communicated through the ladies' class notebooks which Stanislav periodically checked. The women tie up both the CIA and the KGB operatives and leave them in the desert while they hitch a ride on a passing big-rig truck going to Tres Crucas, New Mexico, where they meet a guide named Frank (George Carlin), who takes them to a brothel. There, Lauren and Sandy dress up as men to gain entry to the establishment they find Michael asleep having having a sexual encounter with another prostitute. The ladies steal the test tube of Florotoxin. Michael gives chase, but they escape by catching a ride on a truck filled with migrant workers. Later, as they ride for help on horseback, Michael captures Lauren and takes her away. Sandy begs Frank to help her rescue Lauren, explaining that she has become one of her closest friends. Joe Atkins arranges to exchange the $20 million for the test tube at Mesa Azul cliffs. Atkins uses a rope to lower the briefcase of money from a helicopter, but Michael grabs the briefcase, then fires at the helicopter without giving them the Florotoxin. Sandy and Frank arrive with several friends, who shoot Michael with an arrow. Michael drops the test tube, but Lauren catches it and runs away with the Florotoxin and the briefcase full of money. As Lauren and Sandy are reunited, they are pursued up a cliff by Michael. When Sandy helps Lauren, she drops the briefcase, which opens. The money inside is scattered by the wind. As Michael chases Lauren, who still has the test tube, she uses her ballet training to leap from cliff to cliff. Michael is close behind her, but cannot perform the same leaps and falls to his death. Back in New York, Lauren and Sandy star in a production of Hamlet, with Lauren playing the Danish king and Sandy playing Ophelia.
tt0090660
Action,Comedy,Crime
Officer Frank Dooley (John Candy), a 10-year veteran of the LAPD, is framed for the theft of a television set by two corrupt detectives (who Dooley had actually caught robbing an appliance store). He is dismissed from the force, but escapes criminal punishment at his day in court. The next court case features hapless and nervous defense attorney named Norman Kane (Eugene Levy) attempting to defend a Charles Manson-type white supremacist cult leader named Lawrence Lupik (Glenn Withrow), who threatens to kill him should Kane fail to keep him out of prison. A fearful Kane reveals his ineptitude and the death threat to the judge (Stacy Keach, Sr.), who tells Kane that he will give Lupik "A sentence so long he won't even remember his own name, let alone yours" so long as Kane agrees to find another line of work with a "lot less responsibility". Dooley and Kane meet for the first time when they both apply for work at Guard Dog Security, a low-rent firm run by the gruff "Captain" Clarence O'Connell (Kenneth McMillan) and part of a security guard's union requiring heavy $15 a week contributions that is represented by Clyde Klepper (Jonathan Banks) and Tony Lazarus (Brion James). Becoming licensed armed security guards after a single afternoon of training, Dooley and Kane are made partners by Guard Dog supervisor Maggie Cavanaugh (Meg Ryan) and assigned to night duty at the Carlex Pharmaceutical Company's warehouse. During their first night, after being loudly ordered to take a lunch break by senior guard Bruno (Tom Lister, Jr.), Kane happens upon an armed robbery of the warehouse and quickly calls over the radio to Frank for help, but they prove no match for the thieves (the robbers are Klepper and Lazarus in ski masks) who used machine guns. Kane unwittingly escapes into the "Annex" where Bruno had told them to stay away from as it was guarded by the K9 Patrol (Rottweiler's and Doberman's). In there he is chased by the dogs until Frank shows up and fights them off with unusual tactics, including biting one and punching another. The next day, the pair are berated and fined $100 each by O'Connell for their screw up in not nabbing or identifying the thieves despite their contention that they had machine guns and were wearing ski masks. This leaves them suspicious of the company as they hadn't done anything to warrant the hefty fine (almost a week's pay). When Maggie asks about the meeting afterwards, both men vent their anger about O'Connell (Dooley calls him a jerk while Kane calls him a "Sub-human, moronic, poop head"), only to be informed by Maggie that O'Connell is actually her father. Dooley and Kane then attend a meeting of the union, where after getting turned down in their plea to have the fine revoked and it being revealed that Klepper and Lazarus work for Carlino, Kane pointedly questions union president Michael Carlino (Robert Loggia) about how the union dues each member is required to pay are spent (roughly $4 million per year). After Kane rejects an evasive answer from Union treasurer Lou Brackman (James Tolkan), an enraged Carlino threatens to break Kane's legs should he ever attend another union meeting and then abruptly adjourns the meeting. Over the next few days, Dooley and Kane find themselves assigned to work at a landfill and a toxic waste dump, causing both to come to the conclusion that the assignments are the result of Kane speaking out at the union meeting. At the toxic waste dump, Dooley and Kane listen to a similar story by two burned-out guards about a robbery incident over three weeks ago when they were on warehouse duty and forced to take their lunch break by Bruno which resulted in the warehouse getting robbed while they were away. Convinced something illegal is afoot, the pair track down Bruno at his gym and interrogate him. With the threat of heavy weights crashing down on his head, Bruno confesses that it was O'Connell who had called him that night and instructed him order them to lunch the night of the robbery. After getting Bruno go, the bumbling duo make a quick escape from the gym while an angry Bruno chases after them on foot. The pair then visit an old friend of Dooley's, a retired thief named Cappy (Tony Burton) to get information on Carlino. Upon learning of Carlino's corruption (which cost Kane a weeks pay in bribes for information as Cappy wouldn't take money from Dooley), they bring their suspicions to Maggie, but she rejects them as having no evidence to back them up. Dooley and Kane next crash a formal dinner party thrown by Carlino in hopes of gathering some evidence. Eavesdropping on a meeting between Carlino and Brackman, they learn of Carlino's use of the union's pension fund to finance dealings with a Colombian drug cartel and his plans to have the money robbed from an armored car, with insurance covering the loss. Fearing an investigation by the insurance company in which he will be the fall guy for turning the fund into cash, Brackman urges Carlino not to go through with the robbery. In response, Carlino instructs Klepper and Lazarus to dispose of him. Dooley and Kane attempt to save Brackman, but are too late to prevent his murder and instead find themselves framed for his death. At the party, Maggie asks O'Connell about what is happening, he refuses to give her any answer and tells her to stay out of his business. A long chase beings as Dooley and Kane are chased by Carlino's henchmen from the Hollywood Hills and through downtown L.A., and evade them, only to run into the police which their car goes off the road. After hiding out in a porno bookstore and peep show, Dooley and Kane evade the bad cops looking for them by somehow dressing up as outlandish gay couple (Dooley being a 'Divine' lookalike and Kane as a leatherman), the two spend the rest of the night evading the police. In the morning, the cross-dressing duo meet with the receptive and amused Maggie where they reveal Carlino's intentions and make plans to prevent the armored car robbery. Kane and Maggie take over driving the truck, while Dooley plans to meet them ahead of the would-be robbers. On the 6th Street Bridge, Dooley has problems with his motorcycle and is forced to hitch a ride with "Cowboy" (Steve Railsback), a wild trucker who eagerly disobeys traffic laws and uses his truck to ram his way through a traffic jam (while hauling VERY flammable rocket fuel). Meanwhile, Kane and Maggie avoid assaults from multiple cars attempting to hold them up. With the Cowboy's help, Dooley is able to arrive in time to save the armored car from a guided missile strike and foil a final attack from Klepper and Lazarus with his illegal .50 caliber handgun (Dooley tells The Cowboy that they only used the gun to hunt Buffalo "up close", and that its only legal in two states, but California wasn't one of them). O'Connell, a willing partner of Carlino's, no longer willing to abide the scheme after Carlino threatened to hurt Maggie if he didn't co-operate with the robbery, arrives having captured Carlino and his associates, the two detectives who originally framed Dooley and had him thrown off the police force. The criminals are arrested and the Police Chief (Bruce Kirby) invites Dooley back to the police force as a plain clothed detective... along with a reluctant Kane who wants to go back to the relative safety of being a lawyer.
tt0095652
Drama,Horror,Sci-Fi
Law student Allan Mann awakes early in the morning to exercise. Leaving his girl friend, Linda Aikman, in bed, Allan goes running with a backpack of bricks to weigh him down. A German Shepherd startles Allan to back into the street, and he is hit by a truck. At the hospital, Dr. John Wiseman operates on Allan's spinal cord. However, the accident has paralyzed Allan from the neck down. Later, Allan's mother, Dorothy Mann, holds a surprise party to welcome him home after a lengthy hospital stay. Before Allan arrives, Linda discreetly packs her belongings before she breaks up with him. When Allan arrives in a wheelchair, Linda apologizes for not visiting him in the hospital. In the kitchen, Linda leaves a telephone message for Geoffrey Fisher, Allan's friend and former roommate, asking why he is not at the party. Meanwhile, Geoffrey is at the Experimental Medicine laboratories at the local university. Removing a human brain from a canister labeled "Live Human Tissue," he creates a serum with the brain matter after flash freezing it. From a wall unit of caged research monkeys, Geoffrey frees a Capuchin monkey from cage number 6 and injects the serum into her. Later, Geoffrey drives to Allan's house. Finding his friend in a hospital bed, Geoffrey apologizes for missing the party. Allan despondently tells him that he thinks Linda broke up with him because she cannot handle his quadriplegic state. Returning to the university, Geoffrey chases off students spray-painting the Experimental Medicine entrance with accusations of torturing animals. Afterward, he meets with Dean Harold Burbage, head of the Experimental Medicine department, who inquires about Geoffrey's human memory cells serum and the test monkey's reactions. However, Geoffrey advises Burbage it is too early to tell. Returning to his lab, Geoffrey injects more serum into the monkey, but not seeing a change in her intelligence, he thinks she needs to interact with more humans. The following morning, Geoffrey visits Allan, but finds his friend attempting suicide by suffocating under a plastic dry-cleaning bag. After Geoffrey calls an ambulance, Allan returns under Wiseman's care. Suddenly, Geoffrey sees Linda and asks why she is there. Wiseman stands next to her and tells Geoffrey they are dating. Upset, Geoffrey returns to Allan's room, not telling him about Linda. Later, Geoffrey drives to the country to meet Melanie Parker, a trainer of helper primates who assist quadriplegic individuals. Learning there are no monkeys currently available, Geoffrey offers to donate one from his lab. Melanie agrees after Geoffrey lies and says the primate has not been exposed to abnormal experiments. After Melanie trains the monkey, she and Geoffrey go to Allan's house and introduce him to his new companion, "Ella." As Melanie and Allan's live-in nurse, Maryanne Hodges, bring in Ella's cage, Geoffrey tells Allan that he smuggled her out of his lab, but not about the serum injections. Melanie visits several times to equip Allan's house and wheelchair to help him communicate with Ella, with voice commands and laser pointers. Through bonding with Ella, Allan feels better, and is able to return to law school. One afternoon Allan shows Geoffrey how Ella can make telephone calls with assigned punch cards. Geoffrey marvels at Ella's increasing intelligence as she calls his lab, but becomes upset when he hears Dean Burbage answering the telephone. Furious at Burbage breaking into the lab, Geoffrey goes to confront him. Instead, Burbage asks about the missing monkey. Geoffrey says the monkey died ten weeks ago, but it was not the animal involved with his brain matter experiment. Later, after nurse Maryanne Hodges has put Allan to bed, they get into an argument over Ella. When Maryanne leaves, her bird, "Bogie," flies in and starts pecking at Allan's face. Hearing cries for help, Maryanne returns, but almost pushes Allan onto the floor. Angry, Allan orders her to get rid of Bogie, but Maryanne ignores him. Reacting to Allan's anger, Ella escapes her cage and sneaks into Maryanne's room. Ella kills Bogie and places the bird in Maryanne's slipper. The following evening, after Allan's mother appears for a surprise visit, Maryanne accuses Allan of sending Ella to kill Bogie. Though denying it, Allan shows no remorse over the bird's death. Dorothy tells her son that Maryanne is quitting, and she will be moving in to help. While assisting Allan into bed, he sees his hand move on its own, but Dorothy blames his imagination. That night, Allan dreams he is in Ella's body, running outside. The next day, Allan tells Melanie and Geoffrey about the dream. To reassure Allan, they inspect the house to see if Ella could go outside. In the attic, Geoffrey sees a torn window screen, but does not tell Allan. He also puts down Allan's idea of having a telepathic connection with Ella. Later, in light of his hand moving, Melanie drives Allan to the office of "Doc" Williams to get a second opinion about his paralysis. Allan learns that his condition may be congenital and that Wiseman might have noticed it during surgery, but did not, as he was focused on the effects of the accident. Afterward, Allan vents to trainer Melanie Parker about Wiseman's incompetence. Disturbed by his anger, Melanie reminds Allan that he may be able to walk again, but Allan continues to fixate on Wiseman. At home, Allan calls Wiseman, but learns the doctor is gone for the weekend. Insisting it is an emergency, he is given another telephone number. However, Allan realizes the number is to a cabin owned by his former girl friend, Linda. Reacting to Allan's rage towards Wiseman and Linda, Ella sneaks away to the cabin, and sets it on fire, killing Linda and Wiseman. After learning of the fire, Allan tells Geoffrey and Melanie that Ella must have started it because he wished for something bad to happen to Linda and Wiseman. At Allan's insistence, Geoffrey takes Ella back to his lab. Melanie invites Allan to stay at her house for the weekend. As Melanie helps Allan out of his wheelchair onto the bed, he tries to kiss her, but misses. He looks away ashamed, but Melanie continues to help him onto the bed. Afterward, she lies on top of Allan, kissing and making love to him. Two days later, Melanie and Allan meet again with Doc Williams, who agrees to operate on Allan if he is able to prove that he can move his body on his own. Returning to Allan's house, Dorothy expresses her displeasure on not knowing where her son was. Allan apologizes for his recent attitude, blaming Ella as the cause of his anger. In his lab, Geoffrey starts to believe that perhaps the serum is causing Ella and Allan to have a mental connection, and decides to take the remaining serum himself. As Geoffrey passes out, the lab monkeys escape and tear apart the lab. Coming out of his haze, Geoffrey sees Ella is gone. Filling multiple syringes with poison, Geoffrey drives in the rain to warn Allan. Ella enters the house from the attic, and Allan feels the monkey's angry presence. He yells hateful accusations at his mother. Upset, Dorothy slaps Allan before leaving him in bed. Knowing the anger is connected to Ella, he calls out warnings about the monkey, but Dorothy ignores him and takes a bath. As Dorothy sits in the bathtub, Ella throws a plugged-in hairdryer into the water, electrocuting her. Geoffrey arrives and, after helping Allan into his wheelchair, confesses that he is responsible for genetically manipulating Ella. Suddenly, Ella appears and cuts Geoffrey's hand with a straight razor. Geoffrey pulls out the poison-filled syringe and goes after her as she chews the wires of the ringing telephone. However, Ella grabs one of Geoffrey's syringes and injects him with poison, killing him. Allan attempts to escape, but is unable to do so. Worried as Allan did not answer his telephone, Melanie Parker arrives, but Ella trips her and knocks her unconscious. Ella tries to light Melanie on fire, but her rain soaked clothes will not ignite. Instead, Ella finds Geoffrey's last syringe and goes to inject Melanie. Allan is able to move his hand and turns on the tape player to distract Ella. Hearing the music, Ella goes towards Allan. While she hugs him, Allan bites Ella on her neck and tosses her back and forth until throwing her dead form on the floor. Later, Allan dreams he is being operated on by Doc Williams. When an incision is made on his back, Ella bursts out. Awakening, Allan finds himself in the hospital after the operation. Having regained his ability to move, Allan and Melanie leave the hospital together.
tt0076327
Drama
In a college classroom, graduate student Theresa Dunn (Diane Keaton) fantasizes about her professor, Martin Engle (Alan Feinstein), as he reads her essay aloud. Later, Theresa works as Martin's assistant and relates being stricken with polio at age six, and having surgery to straighten her spine at age eleven, which left her scarred and prone to back pain. He offers her comfort, but she says she would rather be seduced. Martin, who is married, responds that sex between a teacher and a student is immoral, illegal, and tempting. They then make love in his office. Theresa goes home where it's revealed that lives in the suburbs with her Catholic family. Her divorced sister, Katherine (Tuesday Weld), a flight attendant, returns home on a layover and confides to Theresa that she has been living with two men, one in Chicago, Illinois, and one in New York City. She is pregnant, unsure of which is the father, and she on her way to Puerto Rico for an abortion. That night, Theresa attends a class preparing her to teach deaf children. Afterward, she fantasizes about winning a figure skating medal and being congratulated by Martin. The following day, Martin mocks the sentimentality of the Christmas gift she offers him and tells her he will see her after the holidays. Home alone on New Year's Eve, Theresa receives a phone call from Katherine, who has married a man she has known for two days. Later, Theresa calls Martin and hangs up when his wife answers. After the holidays, Martin berates Theresa for calling his home, and she responds by seducing him. Sometime later, Katherine introduces new husband, Barney (Joel Fabiani), to the family. During the conversation, Theresa gets a phone call from Martin and she leaves to meet him. After they make love, she asks why they never talk or touch and he tells her he cannot stand being with a woman after sex. In the morning, Theresa's younger sister, Brigid (Laurie Prange), who lives with her husband in the same neighborhood as their parents, announces she is pregnant with her second child. When Mr. Dunn (Richard Kiley) relates that his mother had four boys, all perfect, Theresa corrects him reminding him of a sister, Maureen, who died, and Mr. Dunn leaves, angry. In the last session of her teaching class, Theresa is affected by the news that two of her classmates were married that afternoon. As the other students congratulate the newlyweds, Theresa quietly slips away. Later, Theresa helps Martin pack his office for the summer break and he ends their relationship. Outside, she fantasizes about stepping in front of his car and winding up in the hospital. That night, after visiting a bar, she drops by Katherine's apartment, smokes marijuana, and watches a pornographic film with her sister, her brother-in-law, Barney, and another couple. In the morning, she awakens and is surprised to find the other four sharing a bed. Theresa returns home, where her father is angry that she did not come home the previous night. She packs her bag and moves into an apartment downstairs from Katherine and Barney. The following week, Theresa begins her new job teaching deaf children. In the evenings, Theresa goes to singles' bars and strip clubs, where she reads and drinks. One night, a young hustler named Tony (Richard Gere) attempts to take her home, but she is slow to respond and he leaves with another woman. On the last day of summer school, Theresa asks a student's brother, Cap Jackson (LeVar Burton), if she can spend the afternoon with the girl. Later, Theresa takes the girl home and encourages the girl's mother, Mrs. Jackson (Marilyn Coleman), to purchase a hearing aid for her daughter. Mrs. Jackson is on the verge of losing her welfare check and Theresa attempts to intervene with the case officer, James (William Atherton). When school starts again after Labor Day, Mrs. Jackson's daughter returns with a hearing aid, courtesy of James, the welfare officer, and he and Theresa begin dating. Theresa's family loves the fact that James is a Catholic, who lives with his widowed mother and once studied for the priesthood. Another night later, Theresa encounters Tony again at the bar. After they have sex in her apartment, she asks him to leave and he promises to return Sunday at 6:00 p.m. On Sunday, Theresa cooks for Tony, but he does not show. When James phones, Theresa meets him at a discotheque, where a drug dealer follows her into the restroom and she unwittingly buys $10 worth of cocaine. James walks her home and asks her to dinner the following Saturday. Back in her apartment, Theresa is furious to find Tony and asks him to leave, but Tony finds the cocaine and they use it while having sex. Tony gives her a Quaalude and tells her he will be in touch. In the morning, Theresa is late for school and the children are unforgiving. Later, she arrives at a hospital where her father is apparently near death with a malignant tumor. The family priest, Father Timothy, congratulates her on the new man in her life, referring to James, who arrives and offers Mrs. Dunn a ride home. A few days later, at her apartment, Theresa is angry with James for insinuating himself into her family. She taunts him and he responds by telling her he will take her to the hospital the following day. There, Theresa imagines her father's death, but listens as the man tells Katherine on the phone that he is well. Theresa returns to the bar looking for Tony and runs into Martin, who has quit teaching, is getting divorced, and is writing a novel. The next day, James visits Theresa at school and she cannot understand why he is still interested. Later, they meet at Theresa's apartment for dinner. James claims that he does not know if his father is actually dead, then relates that his father walked out on the family after abusing James's mother. Theresa seduces him, but bursts out laughing when he attempts to use a condom. James confesses he made up the story about his parents and leaves. Theresa goes to a bar and buys drugs. Time passes and Theresa regales a new man, named Chuck (Tony Hawkins), with tales of her past sexual encounters. Chuck takes her to a men's gay bar and they return to Theresa's apartment, but while Theresa is in the bathroom, Tony arrives and chases Chuck away. He tells Theresa that he has been in Miami, Florida, and needs a place to stay because his welfare has been cut off. She tries to throw him out and they slap each other, but Tony leaves when Katherine comes downstairs to check on her sister. At school, Tony attempts to extort money from Theresa, but Cap, Mrs. Jackson's son, intercedes. That night, Theresa gets a threatening phone call from Tony and fantasizes about the police raiding her apartment, causing her to lose her job and have her double-life exposed. She throws away her drugs and finds James sitting in his car outside her apartment. It is Christmas Eve and he tells her he is in love with her, but she is not interested and leaves. At her parents' house, she has a confrontation with her father. He asks how she can give life to the deaf children, but not want a family of her own. She tells him she is afraid of passing on scoliosis, which he insists was caused by polio; however, Theresa forces him to admit that it was congenital, the same ailment that afflicted his deceased sister, Maureen. On New Year's Eve, Theresa takes a bath and Tony attempts to break into her apartment. When Theresa calls the police, Tony threatens her again. After he leaves, she goes to the bar. Meanwhile, on the streets, a female impersonator, named Gary (Tom Berenger), violently breaks up with his male lover and heads to the bar, where he plays pinball and inhales alkyl nitrites (or poppers). When another man insinuates he is gay, Gary becomes angry and hurts him. Across the bar, Theresa sees James, but does not wish to talk to him. She approaches Gary and explains her predicament. James sees them together and leaves. When midnight strikes, Theresa and Gary kiss. She takes him to her apartment and learns he has twice been in prison. They become intimate, but Gary has difficulty performing. Theresa is understanding, but asks him to leave. He mistakenly believes she is insinuating that he is gay and becomes enraged, then attacks and strangles her to death. Gary flees from the apartment, leaving Theresa's dead body behind.
tt0089003
Action,Crime,Drama
Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) has arrived in Brooklyn to visit his longtime Korean war buddy friend Charley, who is attacked by a gang in his apartment. The neighbors hear commotion and call the police. Paul arrives as Charlie collapses dead in his arms. The police arrive and mistakenly arrest Paul for Charley's murder. At the police station, chief Richard Shriker (Ed Lauter) recognizes Paul as "Mr. Vigilante". Shriker lays down the law on Paul, and the two get into a scuffle before Paul is taken to a holding cell. In the same cell Manny Fraker (Gavan O'Herlihy), the leader of the gang who attacked and killed Charlie, is held. Fraker and Paul get in a fight before the police break it up. A few moments later, Fraker is released from the jail after his fellow gang members post his bail. Before walking out, he threatens Paul and states: "I'll tell you what, I'm gonna kill a little old lady, just for you. Catch it on the six o'clock news." Manny arrives back on his gang turf to take his place as leader, slashing fellow gangmember Hector (David Crean), possibly for betrayal (and later he and his gang kill either a resident or a member of a rival gang when he accidentally enters Manny's turf). Manny's gang is also responsible for the recent thefts in the apartment where Charley was staying. The police receive daily reports about the increased rate of crime. Shriker arranges to talk with Paul and offers him a deal: Paul can kill all the punks he wants to kill, but has to inform Shriker of any gang activity he hears about so the police can get a bust and make the news. Paul agrees, and moves into Charley's apartment in a decaying building in the middle of a bombed out gang war zone. The building is populated by a group of elderly tenants who are absolutely terrified by Fraker and his gang. Kersey befriends some of them: Bennett Cross (Martin Balsam), a World War II veteran and Charley's good buddy; Mr. and Mrs. Kaprov, an elderly Jewish couple, and young hispanic couple Rodriguez (Joseph Gonzalez) and his wife Maria (Marina Sirtis). After a few violent muggings, Kersey decides to go into action: he uses money to buy a car from a used car shop as bait. When two gang members try to break into the car, Kersey protests, and they reply "What's it to you man?" Kersey says, "It's my car!" Whereupon they laugh and say, "now you're gonna die!" and advance towards Kersey. Kersey quickly pulls out a revolver and shoots them dead. Kersey protects Maria twice from Fraker's gang, but is unable to save her a third time as she is raped (she later dies as a result of her injuries). Kersey orders an automatic gun for protection, a .475 Wildey Magnum, and spends the afternoon handloading ammunition for it stating "Nothing's good enough for our friends". He then tests the gun later that night when he kills another gang member, The Giggler (Kirk Taylor), who steals his camera bag and tries to make a clean getaway. He immediately becomes applauded in the neighborhood as Shrieker and the police become involved in the violent acts. Kersey also throws a gang member off a roof (landing on the hood of a car) during a nightly chase sequence. There is also a subplot involving a possible love interest in public defender Kathryn Davis (Deborah Raffin) in which we learn why Kersey is hesitant to get back in the dating game. Kersey later goes back to say good-bye to her, as she is going out of the city to visit her sister. Kersey offers to take her out for dinner on her final night. While waiting in Paul's car, Kathryn is knocked unconscious by Fraker and the car is pushed into oncoming traffic. The car slams into another and explodes, killing Kathryn. The police arrive and Shriker places Kersey under protective custody because Kersey is now in too deep. Bennett takes matters into his hands, after his taxi shop is blown up, in an attempt to drive out Fraker's gang with one of Charley's machine guns, a MG-42. The gun gets jammed as the gang cripples Bennett. Shriker notifies Kersey and takes him to the hospital. Kersey escapes after Bennett notifies him of the one remaining gun. Kersey and Rodriguez spend the day collecting weapons. At the climax, both Kersey and Shriker attack a group of gathering gang members. They mow down many of the criminals with a Browning M1919 A4 machine gun before running out of ammo. Kersey then uses the Magnum while Rodriguez uses a zip gun, while many neighbors begin fighting back as Fraker sends in more reinforcements. Shriker decides to help Kersey and together they kill many criminals before Kersey runs out of cartridges for his Magnum. He goes back to the apartment to collect more ammo, with Fraker in pursuit. Fraker tracks Kersey down to the apartment and Shriker arrives just in time, resulting in Shriker getting wounded in the arm and Fraker shot (however, he wears a bulletproof vest). Kersey obliterates Fraker once and for all with a mail-ordered 66mm LAW rocket launcher. They both hear sirens, and Shriker gives Kersey a head start. Kersey gives a look of appreciation and leaves as the remainder of Fraker's gang retreat.
tt0074991
Drama,Mystery,Thriller
In 1959, Michael Courtland (Cliff Robertson), a New Orleans real estate developer, has his life shattered when his wife Elizabeth (Geneviève Bujold) and young daughter Amy are kidnapped. The police strongly recommend that he provide the kidnappers with shredded blank paper instead of the demanded ransom, and he agrees to the plan. This leads to a bungled car chase in which both kidnappers and victims are killed in a spectacular explosion. Courtland blames himself for the deaths of his wife and daughter. 15 Years later. Courtland is morbidly obsessed with his dead wife, and regularly visits a monument he has had built in her memory. The monument is a replica of the church (Basilica di San Miniato al Monte) where he and Elizabeth had met many years before in Florence, Italy. His real estate partner Robert LaSalle (John Lithgow) convinces Courtland to tag along on a business trip back to Florence. While there, Courtland revisits the church, and suddenly comes face to face with a young woman named Sandra (Bujold again in a dual role) who looks exactly like his late wife. The already slightly unhinged Courtland begins to court the young woman, and subtly attempts to transform her into a perfect mirror image of his dead wife. Courtland returns to New Orleans with Sandra so they can marry. On their wedding night, Sandra is kidnapped and a ransom note is left behind by her abductors. It is an exact replica of the kidnappers' message from fifteen years before. This time, Courtland decides to deliver the demanded cash. He withdraws massive quantities of money from his accounts and business holdings, financially ruining him and forcing him to sign over his interest in the real estate business to LaSalle. In the process, he discovers that his entire ordeal, including the original kidnapping, had been engineered by LaSalle as a way to gain sole control of Courtland's company share holdings. The now nearly insane Courtland stabs LaSalle to death. Knowing that Sandra must have been a willing accomplice in the plot against him, he goes to the airport to kill the escaping woman. On the plane, Sandra has a flashback to her part in the scheme; she is in fact Courtland's daughter, allowed by LaSalle to survive the explosive traffic "accident" from years before that had killed her mother. LaSalle had told her lies about Courtland over the years, convincing her that her father had not paid the ransom because he didn't love her. Sandra, who now loves Courtland, attempts suicide on the plane and is taken off the flight in a wheelchair. Courtland sees her and runs toward her, gun drawn. A security guard attempts to stop him but Courtland smashes the briefcase full of money against the guard's head, knocking him unconscious. The briefcase breaks open and all of the money flies out. Sandra, seeing the fluttering bills, stands up and shouts: "Daddy! You brought the money!" Courtland now realizes for the first time who Sandra really is, and father and daughter fall into a deep embrace.
tt0078239
Adventure,Comedy,Fantasy
The original Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band performed during WWI in France, as the Allies' "most effective weapon." Their melodies cheered troops engaged in battle and stopped hostilities, leading to their receiving the coveted Golden Eagle Award. Back at their hometown of Heartland, they continued performing through the Roaring '20's, the Depression, and through another Great War, until the demise of the bandleader in 1958. He left his magical instruments to the town of Heartland. These items have the power to make dreams come true, and as long as they remained in the town's possession, humanity would live happily foreverafter. He left his wholesome grandson, Billy Shears, (Peter Frampton) his Golden Eagle and musical legacy. The town's venerable mayor, Mr. Kite (George Burns) tells the tale of the new Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club band, consisting of Billy, his best friends, Mark, Dave, and Bob Henderson (The Bee Gees), and managed by his jealous stepbrother, Dougie Shears (Paul Nicholas). The new band debuts in their wholesome small town one sunny summer day, introduced by money-hungry Dougie. Dave, Mark, and Bob start off the performance, joined by Billy after he shares a brief moment with his sweetheart, Strawberry Fields (Sandy Farina). Townsfolk of all ages instantly take to the boys, who receive a telegram from Big Deal Records requesting a demo tape, with the promise of big success. Mr. Kite briefly imagines himself as a superstar, performing a number in the town square, alone except for two little girls who join his jaunty dance. The town's magical weather vane picks up a strange signal, the arrival of Mean Mr. Mustard (Frankie Howerd). His mission: to Take Over Heartland. He is apparently directed by the FVB, who reminds him: We hate love; We hate joy; We love money. The band is recording their demo tape at a farm near town as he arrives. Back in Hollywood, Big Deal's B.D. Hoffler (Donald Pleasence) hears the tape and begins his plan to sign them to his label. The band is summoned to Hollywood immediately, giving Billy and Strawberry scant time for tender goodbyes. They share one night in the farm's hayloft before the band's hasty departure. Arriving in L.A. by Big Deal's private jet, the band is welcomed personally by B.D. and his sexy assistant, Lucy (Dianne Steinberg). They are transported by stretch El Camino to B.D.'s mansion, where the naive bandmates are immediately corrupted by liquor, drugs, and women. Later that evening, the intoxicated boys are duped into signing B.D.'s exploitive contract. The next morning they commence recording sessions, leading to instant superstardom with sold-out concerts, intense media coverage, and enormous record sales. During their rise to success, B.D. requires Lucy and her backup singers, the Diamonds (Stargard) to control the band by exerting their evil and sexual influence. Back in Heartland, Strawberry pines for Billy while Mr. Mustard steals the magical instruments from Mr. Kite's office at City Hall. Mustard begins his mission to deliver the instruments to various villainous characters. Without the protection of the instruments, Heartland instantly degenerates into a den of iniquity. Strawberry leaves home in pursuit of her beloved Billy, leaving her parents heartbroken in her absence. Mr. Mustard's robots alert him and his Brute (Carel Struyken) of Strawberry's departure. When she arrives in L.A., she sees a billboard showing Billy and the rest of the band, next to another featuring Lucy and the Diamonds. Both billboards come to life. The women's seductive performance lures the men into their embrace, horrifying the distraught Strawberry. When she momentarily turns away, the billboards return to their inanimate states. The next day, Strawberry arrives at the band's recording session, witnessing some flirtatious glances between Billy and Lucy. B.D. and Dougie try to get rid of her, but she is able to get in and explain the treachery that has befallen Heartland. Mr. Mustard arrives moments later, and the band accosts his van in an effort to recover the stolen instruments. The van's computer indicates the first instrument went to Dr. Maxwell Hammer (Steve Martin), a cheerfully deranged and money-driven physician. Billy, Mark, Dave, Bob, and Strawberry make haste to Dr. Hammer's office and retrieve Sgt. Pepper's silver cornet after a non-contact fight sequence. They find the drum in the van, then seek Father Sun (Alice Cooper) for the tuba. In his Orwellian lair, he drums the message, "We Hate Love; We Hate Joy; We Love Money" into the heads of militant young cadets. The band and Strawberry retrieve the tuba, but Billy is injured by an electrical shock. Back safely in the van, Strawberry lovingly tends to the unconscious Billy. He dreams of her, then revives at the sound of her beautiful singing. Mark Henderson, working at the van's computer, causes a malfunction and cannot retrieve the location of the final missing instrument. Heartland continues to deteriorate into desperate circumstances. B.D. is forced to cancel several tour dates, but Dougie suggests a huge benefit concert to save the town. One day, as the townsfolk drudge through the town, bewildered at its delapidated state, they are surprised by the arrival of a singing and acrobatic troupe, anchored by Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band and the lovely Strawberry Fields. Mr. Kite, along with the rest of the town, is cheered at this fortunate turn of events. B.D., Dougie, and Lucy are pleased at their business cunning in exploiting the situation for financial gain. Dougie and Lucy go into City Hall, where the day's proceeds are stored and load up a wheelbarrow with several bags of money. They transfer the money into the van's refrigerator as Earth, Wind and Fire perform the evening show for the town, Billy and the Hendersons enjoy front-row seats. Mr. Mustard and the Brute get to town and find the van. They kidnap Strawberry and drag her into the van, then drive off. Dougie and Lucy manage to hide in the van without being discovered. The band sees the departing van and sets off in hot pursuit via the town's hot air balloon. Mustard was headed for FVB Central with the recovered instruments where the evil genius would suppress the magical instruments and make the world safe for his legions. Unless the band could arrive first and stop them. Mustard, who has admired Strawberry all along, attempts to woo her via serenade in her bound-and-gagged state. Soon, the balloon comes into view, and Dougie and Lucy try to escape the van with some of their lot., They are discovered and led into FVB Central along with Strawberry, then tied up and forced to endure a performance by FVB - Future Villain Band (Aerosmith). Billy and the Hendersons break into the complex and wrestle FVB into submission, killing the evil genius (Steve Tyler). Unfortunately, Strawberry falls to her death in the struggle. Back in Heartland, the cleaned-up town mourns the loss of Strawberry Fields, who lies in state in a coffin of clear glass engraved with Heartland's signature hearts. Billy, Dougie, and the Hendersons are all pallbearers. Mr. Kite questions whether it was worth the loss in order to restore the town. Leaving the church after her service, Billy sadly walks off for some time alone, remembering the good times he shared with Strawberry. He then attempts suicide by jumping from a rooftop. As he falls, the Heartland Weather Vane (Billy Preston) comes to life and returns him to the rooftop. Billy Shears is not only saved, but apparently cured of his depression by this surprising turn of events. The Magical Weather Vane then changes Mr. Mustard and the Brute into a bishop and a monk; Dougie and Lucy into an altar boy and a nun. Next, he brings a hale and hearty Strawberry Fields back to life. She runs to Billy and they embrace warmly in a fairy tale ending. The townsfolk are joined by dozens of celebrity guests of 1970's fame for a rollicking and joyful finale, in a tribute to the cover of the original Beatles album that inspired the film.
tt0097179
Action,Horror,Sci-Fi
In the opening scene, McBride (Greg Evigan) and Joyce Collins (Nancy Everhard) are woken when their alarm clock goes off. He mumbles something then passes it off as a dream about being underwater. She recalls it is the third time he's had the same dream. They go on to discuss Captain Laidlaw, how good his life is, with a great wife and perfect children. She then asks the man why he never married. He claims he's never been in one place long enough to get to know anyone well enough to marry Later the crew assembles in a smaller sub (DSRV2) and launch from the SEATRAK installation. The two pilots, James Richardson (Matt McCoy) and McBride discus how dreary six months underwater have become. They pick up a location transponder which belongs to a second installation Deep Star 6 (DS6) Snyder (Miguel Ferrer) contacts them to complain they are late; shift change was 20 minutes ago. The sub moves in and quickly docks at DS6, John Hodges (Thom Bray) has fallen asleep during the brief trip and has to be woken. Overnight the on-board team had maneuvered the missile sled into position and the day crew are to begin excavation. Hodges warns the site has to sounded first to confirm there are no geological faults. Over breakfast Capt. Laidlaw (Taurean Blacque) insists that Scarpelli (Nia Peeples) take the rest of the day off. She protests she has far too much work to do but the Captain orders her to stand down. The designer of DS6 Dr. John Van Gelder (Marius Weyers) contacts Collins by radio at the main base. She advised him that the findings look wrong, there is a cavern and the regulations say the missile sled can't be mounted there. Van Gelder tells Collins he wants the cavern collapsed and missiles installed by the end of the week. Scarpelli is immediately interested in the cavern; she wants to do a survey of the cavern. She is aware of strange reports of marine life in the area going back 150 years. Van Gelder, while sympathetic to her desires, refuses the request. Dr. Diane Norris (Cindy Pickett) treats Snyder for a rash on his skin, he is concerned about the rash because the mission is running well over time and budget. He wonders if Van Gelder knows what he is really doing, and why the Navy put him in charge to begin with Scarpelli goes to see the captain about Van Gelder, and the rejection of her request. Laidlaw reinforces Van Gelder's decision. He has less than a week to get the project completed. The charge to break open the cavern is deployed by a underwater tractor (SEACAT) driven by Hodges and Osborne (Ronn Carroll) The detonation breaks open the cavern but causes the seafloor to subside. The tractor has to reverse at emergency speed to avoid disaster. Collins aboard SEATRAK asks the crew of the tractor to release a small remote probe to investigate the breached cavern. The probe continues down into the depths until something attacks it and snaps its guidance cable Hodges makes a decision to go and investigate what happened to the probe. He releases the control section of the tractor which becomes a mini sub. They locate the probe and begin the process of retrieving it when Osborne reports a sonar contact closing very fast. At the last second Hodges sees the object and panics over the size and speed. He begins to report an emergency to Collins when contact is lost. Burciaga (Elya Baskin) begins trying to locate the sub using SONAR but finds no contact at all. Collins questions how the craft could have simply disappeared. Burciaga tries various telemetry feeds but fails to find the craft. Suddenly they pick up something else, moving too fast for it to be the SEACAT. Collins contact Deep Star 6 to tell them of the loss and to warn that something else is moving around down near the base. The object suddenly changes direction and hits SEATRAK. Collins reacts to the situation by declaring a mayday. Snyder has left the control room of DS6 and her plea goes unanswered. The object repeatedly attacks SEATRAK almost pushing it over an underwater cliff before breaking contact. Onboard Collins is badly hurt and Burciaga possibly dead. Snyder returns to the control room with the captain but there is no contact. Captain Laidlaw decides to go with McBride to SEATRAK and investigate whats happened. On SEATRAK, Collins begins moving around. She checks on Burciaga who is trapped by the legs and cant move. Collins tries to free him but he is pinned by some heavy equipment. She is concerned over the rising water from ruptures caused by the attack. Laidlaw picks up the same SONAR contact that Collins did. Laidlaw is stunned by the speed of the object. Laidlaw orders the sub to be brought to a stop, blow ballasts and shut down the running lights. After about a minute, the object seems to lose interest in them and continues on until contact is lost. They arrive at SEATRAK and see the damage that's been caused. Although the installation is on an angle they manage to dock cleanly. They can see the leaks flooding the control room and they detect evidence of fires on board. Working through the installation they find Collins and the trapped Burciaga in the control room. As they begin the rescue operation the installation shifts considerably threatening to collapse over the cliff at any moment. They realize Burciaga is dead and as they evacuate the installation shifts again. The movement causes a hatch to slam shut trapping Laidlaw. Laidlaw orders them to leave him. His back is broken and there is no hope of getting him out. They refuse to go, however while they manually try to reopen the hatch, Laidlaw throws a switch that floods the SEATRAC forcing Collins and McBride to leave him. Collins and McBride reach the sub and manage to un-dock just as SEATRAC lurches one more time and collapses over the side of the cliff. Back at DS6, Collins explains the events leading up to the loss of the SEATRAK. Scarpelli thinks it might be the lights on the probe and SEATRAC that provoked the aggression from the unknown creature. Word comes through that extraction from the base has been authorized and team are to begin preparations to evacuate. During Collins medical examination, the doctor catches the sound of a second heartbeat. Collins admits to McBride she is pregnant; McBride reacts very positively to the news and seems to indicate he may marry her. As the preparations for leaving DS6 progress, Van Gelder raises the question of what is to happen to the missiles. The base can't be abandoned till the weapons are secure. Snyder is sent to begin the procedure so the rest can leave. However, Snyder is queried by the system computer as to the reason the missiles are to be abandoned. He enters "aggression", but the computer assumes he means "enemy aggression" and begins detonating the missiles. Van Gelder becomes angry at Snyder for detonating the weapons. He tells everyone to hang on because a force 20 G shockwave is about to hammer the installation. The structure survives the concussion but suffers huge electronic and structural damage. Once the fires are extinguished and flooding stopped, Van Gelder informs them along with the flooding of the crew quarters; the oxygen unit has been destroyed; leaving them possibly eight hours before they run out of air and suffocate to death. The greater concern is damage to the reactor feeding power to DS6. At most they have a few hours before the reactor explodes. Finally the escape pod is unusable because of damage to the decompression system. Collins realizes they can re-route around the damage lines and get the decompression system working again. The crew set to work completing the modifications Collins recommends. To complete the rest of the repairs, Richardson dons a deep dive suit and goes outside DS6. He completes a weld on EZ6358, as he reports his success; he realizes something is out there with him. He sends a panic message about the airlock. Assuming he is trying to return, the crew trigger the retrieval system to bring him back on board. As the suit is raised from the water separating the airlock, they try to release Richardson from the diving unit. Snyder reports something else has also entered the airlock. Before Richardson can be released, a huge crab-like sea monster (seen for the first time) emerges from the water where it reaches up and bites Richardson and the suit in half from the waist down. As the remaining crew try to evacuate the room, the creature attacks and kills Scarpelli. Snyder, reaching safety, panics and closes the hatch while the others are trying to get out. Collins realizes what he's done and frees the others. McBride sees Snyder's actions as cowardice and attacks him before being pulled off by Collins. The survivors realize they have to fight the creature off and out of the diving room so they can try again to get the decompression system working. Van Gelder and Collins discuss the nature of the creature. He believes from what he saw that it is an arthropod crab of some sort, only many times larger than anything ever seen. The crew finds spear guns and CO2 cartridges and pump-action shotguns. There plan is to try and hit the creature with the cartridges and make it expand till it bursts. The reenter the flooded chamber and deploy a series of strobe lights to try and confuse the creature. As they spread out through the room they seem to be unable to locate the sea creature. Confident, McBride begins the needed repairs to the air lines. As he begins to get clear, the creature appears and the crew opens fire with shotguns. Van Gelder slips and falls backwards onto Snyder's spear causing a part of Ven Gelder's chest to expand and explode. Snyder completely panics, drops his weapon and runs to safety. Now safe, the crew tries to deal with Snyder. He believes they are blaming him for all the deaths, even though everyone saw the Van Gelder death was not Snyder's fault. Dr. Norris gets him calm enough to give him a shot that further sedates him. Collins, McBride, and Norris go off to prepare the decompression pod for the evacuation. Left to his devices, Snyder has a vision of Van Gelder appear and blames him for his death. Snyder, now completely insane, races to the escape pod, bypassing the decompression system and launches the rescue pod to the surface. We follow the pod's progress to the surface as at first Snyder's nose beings to bleed then lesions form on his arms and face, these gather intensity till they begin to also flow freely. Finally, Synder's body, overloaded by the changed atmospheric pressures, explodes. In the remaining safe area of the installation the three survivors, Collins McBride, and Norris weigh up their options. They now only have three hours before the reactor blows. McBride asks Collins to marry her. She accepts. McBride realizes if he can get through the flooded section of the DS6 he can bring the remaining mini sub around to the lock with the decompression chamber and possibly save everyone. McBride succeeds in reaching the mini sub and begins to pilot it back to the other side of the station. Collins and Norris hear a tapping sound at the locking hatch, think it is McBride and get hit by a wall of water. Finally they get the hatch closed again. Norris orders Collins into the pressure chamber, as she waits for it to open; they hear a noise in the water. Norris believes the creature is in the room with them. She slides over to a medical station and charges up a defibrillator. As the creature attacks she tries unsuccessfully to shock it. Surviving long enough for the paddles to recharge, she sticks them in the water killing her and badly injuring the creature. As Collins scrambles into the decompression chamber she finds McBride already there. They watch stunned as the creature seems to go through its death throes before slipping beneath the water. Sometime hours later, an alarm goes off indicating decompression is complete. With only minutes to go, McBride and Collins quickly evacuate to the mini-sub and launch just as the reactor explodes. They work their way to the surface fighting through a series of shock waves thrown out by the explosion. They reach the surface and deploy the life raft. Just as they climb in, the sea creature suddenly surfaces and attacks. McBride is trapped on the sub. He releases the remaining fuel and then fires a flare gun igniting a raging inferno around the sub. After a few minutes the sub explodes, presumably killing the creature at last. Collins looks on horrified thinking he's just died. On the verge of giving up she sees him surface. In the final shot, as the camera pans back, we see the couple in joyous embrace floating in the life raft on a calm empty sea. Original synopsis written by Chapman_glen@yahoo.com
tt0078740
Action,Drama,Thriller
December 1979. An American-owned French operated Concorde super-sonic jet takes off from the Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris. Captain Paul Metrand (Alain Delon) makes conversation with Isabelle (Sylvia Kristel), the purser whom is his current lover. They land at Dulles Airport in Washington DC. Maggie Whalen (Susan Blakely) is an investigative reporter who recaps the arrival of the Concorde and reports on the "Goodwill" flight on the Concorde the following day, which leads to a story of future boyfriend Kevin Harrison (Robert Wagner) and his Buzzard missile project. Carl Parker shows up at Maggie's house with a claim about documentation of illegal arms deals to communist nations. Carl is shot before a passerby triggers a fire alarm, scaring the assailant away. Meanwhile, Captain Joe Patroni (George Kennedy) introduces himself to Captain Metrand as being the pilot for the Concord flight to Paris and to Moscow for the upcoming 1980 Summer Olympics to be held eight months from then. The next morning, Maggie tells Harrison about her ordeal and the rumor of documents. Kevin claims someone is framing him. He sends Maggie off in a limo while he waits for his business partner Willie Halpern to arrive. Kevin tells Willie that Parker is dead, but they do not have the documents. Kevin asks what time the next launch of the Buzzard is. Willie replies 6:30; Kevin wants it delayed until 8:00 and the drone test reprogrammed. Metrand and Patroni board the Concorde. It is difficult to determine the pilot-in-command as both of them are captains. Peter O'Neill (David Warner), the 2nd officer and flight engineer, is living with a controlling girlfriend. Kevin surprises Maggie at the airline check-in desk to see her off. He asks if the documents showed up, but they have not. As he is walking away, Carl Parker's wife delivers the documents to Maggie as she steps on the mobile lounge. She looks them over on the lounge and realizes that Kevin lied to her. The Concorde takes off from Washington/Dulles enroute to Paris where, unbeknownst to the flight crew, an off-course ground-to-air missile is headed straight for them. At company headquarters, Kevin tells his controllers to alert the government. Patroni takes over the Concord as it goes into evasive action manouvers to evade the missile. The USAF scrambles F-15 fighter jets to intercept the missile just as it locks onto the Concorde. An F-15 shoots down the missile before it collides with the Concorde. As the Concorde is approaching the European coastline, an F-4 Phantom fighter jet, piloted by a mercenary, is sent by Harrison and engages the Concorde with air-to-air missiles as well as gunfire as French Air Force Mirages scramble to help the Concorde. The Mirages shoot down the F-4 and the Concorde continues to Paris, although it diverts to Le Bourget Airport instead of Charles de Gaulle because it is damaged by the F-4's gunfire. The Concorde reaches the French coastline, landing with a damaged hydraulic system and just barely stopping at the last safety net. Captain Metrand and Isabelle invite Joe to dinner as they wait for the Concord to be repaired. Meanwhile, Kevin arrives at Charles de Gaulle Airport, where an associate meets him, stating that he has another plan to stop Maggie from making public the documents before she reaches Moscow. Joe, Paul and Isabelle meet for dinner with a date for Joe as promised by Paul. Maggie meets Kevin for dinner. He promises to go public with the documents but attempts to bribe Maggie into "polishing" his statement. After being paid by Kevin, a mechanic, Rollie, places a device in the Concorde's cargo door control unit, timed to open during flight to depressurized the aircraft. The next morning, as the passengers re-board the Concorde for the second stage of the flight to Moscow, a well-dressed woman (Charo) attempts to smuggle a dog aboard. She is caught by an alert Isabelle and leaves the aircraft. Inside the terminal, Rollie is in line at the security checkpoint when his money falls out of his pants leg. The X-ray technician attempts to return it, but Rollie pretends not to hear and runs off. The security guard tells his partner to call security before chases Rollie. Rollie runs onto the runway where the Concorde is taking off. The aircraft's wake scatters the money he received from Kevin. The aircraft is en route to Moscow when the automatic device opens the cargo door. When Captain Metrand investigates, he sees the carpet tear down the middle of the aisle, signifying the fuselage is under tremendous stress and the aircraft is about to break apart. The cargo door is ripped off, extensively damaging the aircraft and ripping the floor of the cabin from the Concord as it spirals toward the ground. The airline founder's seat lodges in the hole, acting as a plug. The pilots attempt to fly to Innsbruck for an emergency landing, but realize they do not have enough fuel. Paul realizes they are flying towards a ski area he used to go to in the Swiss Alps; they could make a gear-up landing on a mountain-side. The aircraft approaches the landing site while the Swiss ski patrol marks a runway. The aircraft lands successfully. Maggie immediately gives a report of the accident to a news reporter and gives details about a major story she is about to release. In his office back in Paris, Kevin hears the newscast and commits suicide by shooting himself. At the crash site, Patroni and the last of the crew leaves the Concord shortly before fuselage caves in and the entire aircraft explodes from the leaking fuel.
tt0089421
Action,Adventure,Comedy
South Africa, the 1910s. Allan Quatermain (Richard Chamberlain) is a white big-game hunter and explorer who is hired by Jesse Huston (Sharon Stone) a young American who wants to help her find her father who was belived to be lost on an expedition to find the fabled King Solomon's Mines. Together with his African companion, the mysterious Umbopo (Ken Gampu), they penetrate unknown country, following a map believed to be genuine. It transpires that Professor Huston has been captured by a German military expedition on the same quest, led by Bockner (Herbert Lom), a stereotypical, single-minded, knackwurst-munching, bald-headed Colonel and a ruthless Turkish slave-trader and adventurer, Dogati (John Rhys-Davies). Huston is being forced to interpret another map, also believed to be genuine. The two rival expeditions shadow each other, clashing on several occasions, and finally enter the tribal lands of the Kukuana who capture them. The tribe is under the control of the evil priestess, Gagoola, who has Quatermain hung upside down over a pond full of crocodiles. Just when all seems lost, Umbopo arrives and after defeating Gagoola's warriors in combat, reveals his identity as an exiled tribal chief and the rightful ruler of the Kukuanas. As the tribesmen submit to him, Gagoola captures Jesse and flees into caves in the depths of the Breasts of Sheba, the twin mountain peaks where the mines are located. They are pursued by Bockner and Dogati, who attack the village in full force. The Germans follow Quatermain and Umbopo to the entrance to the mines, but are hampered by a moat of quicksand. Bockner orders his men forward into the moat, but they have trouble crossing it. Dogati then kills all of Bockner's soldiers, as well as most of his own men, and uses their bodies as stepping stones to cross the moat safely. As they approach the entrance, Bockner shoots Dogati and takes command of what little remains of the party. Inside the mines, Quatermain and Umbopo rescue Jesse and find the resting place of all the former tribal queens, including the Queen of Sheba herself, encased in crystal. Umbopo explains that Gagoola had attempted to sacrifice Jesse in order to keep her power as the Kukuanas' ruler because of Jessie's strong resemblance to the Queen of Sheba. Then Gagoola appears and taunts Umbopo, who pursues her through the caverns. As Bockner and his men arrive next, Quatermain and Jessie flee for safety, but end up in the cavern's treasure chamber, which is full of raw diamonds and other priceless treasures. As they gather some of the diamonds to take with them, Bockner hears their voices from outside the chamber, but before he can enter, Gagoola activates a hidden rock switch and seals Quatermain and Jessie inside the chamber. The switch also triggers a trap that causes the ceiling of the chamber, which is lined with stalactites to lower on them. Quatermain and Jessie manage to stop the ceiling trap, but then the chamber begins filling up with water. Just as the chamber fills completely, a lit stick of dynamite set by Bockner outside the chamber door explodes, sending them both spewing out of the chamber in the resulting flood to safety. Bockner enters the chamber and quickly lays claim to the treasure, only to be confronted by a wounded, but very much alive, Dogati, who was wearing a protective vest that shielded him from the bullets. He then forces Bockner to swallow some of the diamonds, intending to cut him open to retrieve them later on. Meanwhile, Umbopo finally corners Gagoola. But rather than face his judgment, she instead leaps down one of the volcano's shafts and is incinerated when she lands in the molten lava below. However, the reaction causes a series of eruptions throughout the mines. Dogati is partially buried when the treasure chamber's ceiling collapses, but Bockner is unharmed. He gloats to Dogati after claiming a few more diamonds for himself, then leaves the chamber. But not before firing his gun at the ruined ceiling, burying Dogati alive. Quatermain, Jessie and Umbopa quickly flee for their lives through the collapsing caverns. They cross over a small booby- trapped lake (which one of Bockner's men fell victim to earlier), only to be stopped by Bockner, who demands they surrender their diamonds to him. Quatermain places the diamonds on the central stepping stone that triggers the trap and tells Bockner to come take the diamonds himself if he wants them. Bockner does so and falls into the lake, only to be seized in the jaws of a Mokele-mbembe water creature and dragged beneath the water. The trap resets itself and the diamonds rise back to the surface, but Umbopo warns Quatermain and Jesse not to take them, saying they belong to the mountain. The trio continue their escape through the caverns, which becomes even more dangerous as the lava chamber they are in is full of fire and falling rocks. Quatermain tells Umbopo to take Jessie through to safety while he follows them. But before he can do so, he is struck down by Dogati, who survived the cave-in. A brutal fight between them ensues, but Quatermain gains the upper hand at the last instant, sending Dogati falling into the chamber's lava pit to his death. Quatermain manages to escape from the mines at the last minute, just as the volcano explodes, sealing the entrance forever. Returning to the village, Umbopo assumes his rightful place as the ruler of the Kukuanas and he and his people bid a fond farewell to Quatermain and Jesse. As they exit the village, they each reveal they had kept a diamond from the mines as a souvenir of their adventure and the movie ends with them kissing for the first (and only) time outside the village gates.
tt0094933
Mystery,Thriller
In the opening scene (filmed in black and white) during an unseasonably balmy Christmas season, English professor Dexter "Dex" Cornell (Dennis Quaid) stumbles into a police station to report his own murder and describe the events of the past 36 hours.... In class, Dex's lecture is upstaged by his star pupil, Nicholas "Nick" Lang (Robert Knepper), a precocious intellectual who has just completed his first novel, 'Out of Whack.' Nick is desperate for Dex to read the manuscript, and claims his professor's feedback is a matter of life and death. However, Dex avoids the novel. He has been suffering writer's block for years, and the boy's talent reminds him of his own shortcomings. As Dex settles into his office and gives 'Out of Whack' an "A" grade without reading it, he is startled by the thud of a body crashing into the window, and realizes that Nick has thrown himself off the rooftop to commit suicide. Shortly thereafter, Dex's colleague, Hal Petersham (Daniel Stern), comes to the office with a bottle of whiskey. He pours the liquor into a coffee mug and hands it to Dex, who tells him about Nick's troubled past. The boy's father tried to rob a tycoon named Mr. Fitzwaring, and both men were killed during the break in. Despite the tragedy, Mrs. Fitzwaring took pity on Nick and financed his college education. Dex decides to read 'Out of Whack' after all, and takes it home where his wife, Gail (Jane Kaczmarek), reminds him to sign their divorce papers. Dex wants to save the marriage, but Gail complains that he lost his integrity and his romantic vitality when he stopped writing. As Gail leaves, she chides Dex's apathy, and accuses him of exchanging alcohol for ambition. Dex fails to sign the divorce papers and returns to campus, where he unexpectedly reunites with Gail at the opening of the Fitzwaring Art Gallery. When Mrs. Fitzwaring makes an inaugural speech that mourns Nick's death, Gail learns about the suicide, becomes ill, and is escorted home by Hal Petersham and his girl friend, Dr. Elaine Wells (Elizabeth Arden). Looking for more alcohol, Dex goes to the Continental Club and sits next to a young woman, unaware that she is Mrs. Fitzwaring's daughter, "Cookie." (Robin Johnson) As Cookie offers Dex a martini and starts to cry, a man named Bernard (Christopher Neame) drags her away, and Dex is spotted by one of his female students, Sydney Fuller (Meg Ryan). The girl is infatuated with Dex and encourages him to drink. The next morning, Dex awakens in Sydney's dormitory bedroom and is relieved to learn their evening was platonic. Dex telephones Gail, and she confesses she once had an affair with Nick Lang. Unfazed, Dex declares his love, but Gail discourages him from coming home and finds Nick's novel, 'Out of Whack,' in his briefcase. As Dex hangs up the telephone, he is overcome with vertigo and goes to the hospital, where he discovers he has been poisoned with a lethal dosage of radium chloride. Dr. Elaine Wells declares that Dex ingested the chemical compound in an alcoholic beverage, and regrets he has one day to live. Dex races home with renewed appreciation for life and reunites with Gail. However, she is hit over the head by an intruder and dies. Police arrive at the scene and notice Nick's 'Out of Whack' manuscript, burning in the fireplace. The detectives are aware of Gail's affair, and accuse Dex of murdering his wife to exact revenge. They reveal that Nick did not commit suicide, after all, and assume that Dex pushed his student off the roof. As Dr. Elaine Wells tries to sedate Dex with an intravenous drug, he grabs the needle, threatens to hold her hostage, and escapes to Sydney's dormitory. He accuses the girl of poisoning him, but she insists she is innocent, and he loses consciousness. When Dex awakens, he explains his predicament, douses his hand in super glue, and grabs Sydney's wrist, creating a bond so she cannot get away. After a series of false leads, the two go to Nick's funeral, where Dex recognizes Cookie Fitzwaring from the bar and realizes she was also Nick's lover. Dex corners Cookie and accuses her of poisoning his martini, but her mother's chauffeur, Bernard, comes to the girl's rescue. Dodging gunfire from an unseen assassin, Dex and Sydney run away, and Sydney is caught in an open elevator shaft. As she dangles from the conveyor, her skin rips away from Dex's hand and they escape together. Dex sends Sydney home in a taxicab and goes to the Fitzwaring mansion, where he confronts Mrs. Fitzwaring (Charlotte Rampling) and Bernard in the horse stable. Just then, Cookie arrives and holds her mother at gunpoint, accusing her of killing Nick. In the ensuing commotion, Bernard knocks Dex unconscious and he comes to in the back seat of a car. Bernard drives Dex back to the university and they pick up Cookie, but the girl is drunk and out of control. Still, Dex is convinced of her innocence and pushes Bernard out the car door in an attempt to get away. Cookie takes over the steering wheel. Bernard jumps on the roof, but his gun misfires, accidentally shooting her dead. The car plummets into a tar pit and sinks while Bernard continues to fight. Dex throws him back into the muck, grabs his gun, and stumbles to a campus carnival. He is hassled by a crowd of impudent co-eds, but Sydney comes to his rescue, and they go back to his office to make love. When Sydney falls asleep, Dex returns to the Fitzwaring mansion and confronts Mrs. Fitzwaring, who has just learned about her daughter's death and reveals the true story of her relationship with Nick. Mrs. Fitzwaring was once married to Nick's father, but she abandoned him after she gave birth to Nick, and secretly assumed a new identity as Mrs. Fitzwaring. Nick's father tracked her down at the mansion and revealed her ruse to Mr. Fitzwaring, who threatened to destroy her relationship with Cookie. Mrs. Fitzwaring murdered both men, and vowing to protect her secret, Bernard invented the story of the break-in. Mrs. Fitzwaring laments the loss of both children and commits suicide, making Dex a witness to yet another killing. Dex is enraged by the wasted lives, and his failure to identify the murderer. Dex returns to his office and ransacks the bookshelves in a tantrum, then soothes himself with a drink from Hal's whiskey bottle. Remembering that Hal poured the liquor into a coffee mug before giving it to him on the afternoon of Nick's death, Dex telephones his friend and orders him to come to the office. When Hal arrives, he refuses to taste the whiskey and Dex realizes he is the killer. Hal explains his plans to publish Nick's novel under his own name. He was obliged to kill Gail, and poison Dex, because they knew about 'Out of Whack' and were likely to expose his deception. A fight ensues, and Dex shoots Hal in the chest. Hal plunges through the window to his death. In the end, back at the police station (in black-and-white), Dex concludes his story to the investigating detectives. The final shot shows Dex walking out of the police station along a long hallway to meet his fate. (One interpretation is that he might have died right there at the station and is walking down the station hallway to the light of Heaven.)
tt0082558
Comedy,Sci-Fi
The film opens outside of a grocery store, where a man is giving out samples of a new canned cheese product called "Cheese Tease", which nobody seems to enjoy eating. Pat Kramer (Lily Tomlin) emerges from the store with her two young children, Jeff (Justin Dana) and Beth (Shelby Balik), along with their maid, Concepcion (Maria Smith). The man forces a sample of Cheese Tease on Pat, and on the way home a can of air freshener explodes inside the car, fogging everybody and making them gag. Once home, Pat greets her neighbor, Judith Beasley (also played by Lily Tomlin), a busybody type who is in charge of the neighborhood council. Judith makes Pat listen to her sales pitch for a line of female beauty products, and she leaves Pat with some samples. Pat's husband, Vance (Charles Grodin), is returning that night from a business trip. He works for an advertising agency that pushes all sorts of products. He gives Pat a new perfume, accidentally spilling it on her dress, and tells her that they need to come up with a name for the new product. Pat suggests "Sexpot", which Vance seems to like. That night, Pat's dress begins smoking, which Pat and Vance are unaware, and the next day it is missing. At a meeting, Vance pitches the idea of calling the perfume "Sexpot" at a meeting with the perfume's makers. His boss, Dan (Ned Beatty), thinks the idea is genius, and he hints that Vance could be up for a promotion. He gives Vance a new product to christen, a new glue. At home that night, Pat is hosting the neighborhood council meeting, at which Judith berates other neighbors for petty misbehavior. Concepcion accidentally drops a vase, and Vance uses the new glue to repair it. Chaos erupts, though, when Pat gets some of the glue on her fingers and ends up glued to other people and objects in the house. By this time, Pat and Vance have both noticed that Pat is smaller than she used to be. When she visits a doctor, she finds that she's two inches shorter than she normally is. As the days pass, the phenomenon continues, but Pat insists that she not be treated any differently than she ever was. She stands on things to reach the kitchen countertop, and goes about her daily routine, which seems to be preparing meals and buying products. Eventually she's referred to doctors at the "Kleinman Institute", particularly Dr. Eugene Nortz (Henry Gibson) and Dr. Ruth Ruth (Elizabeth Wilson), who tell her that the reason she is shrinking has to do with the various chemicals she's been exposed to through her household products. They tell her to go home and wait for them to come up with an antidote, which she does, but secretly they are part of an secret company called "The Organization for World Management". They intend to somehow make a "shrink serum" from her blood and use it in a plot to shrink the entire world into subservient miniatures. Meanwhile, Pat's celebrity begins to increase the more she shrinks. Judith convinces her to leave the house on a grocery store run, and she sits on the edge of the shopping cart like a child. When she starts feeling self conscious about the gawkers she attracts, Judith smuggles her out of the store in a shopping bag. Eager to tell her story about how household chemicals caused her to shrink, she accepts an invitation to appear on the Mike Douglas Show, a daytime talk show, but Dan convinces Vance that she shouldn't reveal the cause of her plight, lest they risk losing clients in the agency. Pat begrudgingly obeys and claims she doesn't know why she's shrinking. Eventually Pat's size has decreased so much that she moves into a doll house that her family gives her for Christmas, along with a wardrobe of doll-sized clothing. She begins to lose control of her life due to her size; she can't control the kids anymore, her sex life with Vance disappears, and she has a hard time doing the household chores that she used to do, like cooking family meals. The evil doctors enlist Dan to help them lure the unsuspecting Pat into a position where they can exploit her, and at one point they make her a lucrative offer to be a spokesperson for more household products, but Pat refuses on principle. Finally they decide to kidnap Pat, and they get their chance the next morning when a freak mishap occurs. As she helps Concepcion prepare breakfast, Pat has an argument with Vance and the kids. Desperate after they leave, she loses her footing while standing on the kitchen counter and falls into the sink, landing in the garbage disposal. Concepcion comes back to the kitchen and starts cleaning up, shoving food into the garbage disposal and nearly drowning Pat with it. She almost turns on the disposal, but is interrupted by the doorbell, a distraction that the kidnappers use to gain entrance to the house through the back door. Pat manages to climb out of the garbage disposal and leaves one of her doll shoes behind. After the goons from The Organization for World Management kidnap her, Concepcion returns to the kitchen, only seeing Pat's shoe in the sink after she turns on the garbage disposal. Everyone assumes Pat is dead, and they hold a funeral service for her in the back yard, where they bury her shoe in a matchbox. In reality, Pat has been taken to a secret underground lab, where she is kept in a rat cage while the doctors study her. She shares space in the lab with a caged gorilla named Sidney (Rick Baker), who is extremely intelligent and seems to understand both spoken English and sign language. A lab assistant named Rob (Mark Blankfield) tells Pat that the doctors have told him that she's really just a clone of the real Pat Kramer, who they say is dead. Pat tries to tell him this isn't true, but he doesn't believe her. With Sidney's help, she does manage to gain access to a file folder on the table near her cage, where she reads all about her case and discovers the nefarious plans to shrink the world. Pat maneuvers her way to a telephone, again with Sidney's help, and manages to make a frantic phone call to Vance. Vance becomes hysterical upon learning that Pat has been kidnapped, but the doctors cut the phone call short when Dan tips them off that Pat has made communciation with the outside world Rob enters the lab and sees Pat making the call, but she manages to convince Rob that her story is true by showing him the top secret plans she found in the file folder. Rob bolts from the lab, but Pat and Sidney hear gunshots and fear Rob is dead. Pat is now trapped underneath a funnel, while Vance goes on national television and tells the world that Pat is alive and has been kidnapped. Pat and Sidney are overjoyed when Rob returns, still alive, and helps them escape. After a lengthy chase where numerous armed guards pursue them and fire at them, they manage to make it to the surface and exit the lab, which happens to be located underneath the very shopping center Pat used to patronize. The guards give chase, and the disruption causes shoppers to collide, resulting in a large puddle of laundry detergent and other household liquids. The guards back off when Rob gets the attention of the police, stomping on their feet so they will arrest him. Sidney deposits Pat on a table near the Cheese Tease man's microphone, where she gets everyone's attention over a loudspeaker. Judith is there too, holding a demonstration outside the supermarket, and everyone is stunned to see Pat still alive. She gives a brief speech where she says she felt like she had to warn everyone about the threat from corporations and products, but she says "You don't really need me to tell you what's wrong with the world." She tells Rob to make sure the secret plans get into the hands of the authorities. Already only a few inches tall, Pat begins to shrink away to nothing, and Vance and the children arrive just in time for her to say goodbye to them before she seems to vanish, the tiny garment she wore blows away in the breeze, landing in the puddle of liquids near the table. The onlookers are mortified, especially Pat's family and friends. Unseen by anybody, the puddle begins to swirl, seemingly on its own. Later that night, in a tribute to Pat, countries around the world simultaneously salute her with church bells, the news programs giving coverage and linking via satellite. Outside the Kramer residence, a police car discreetly pulls up and an officer comes to the front door, saying "This lady says she belongs here." A normal-sized Pat bursts inside, ecstatic to be home. The family is shocked and elated, and Concepcion screams and collapses. Sidney is at the house, too, and the kids tell her Vance said it would be alright if he lived with them. Pat babbles that the puddle seems to have reversed the shrinking process, returning her to her normal size. Vance tries to put her wedding ring back on, but it won't fit, and as she contemplates this, the shoe she is wearing suddenly bursts as her foot seems to enlarge all on its own. Pat gives a cryptic smile--apparently she's not done growing.
tt0089346
Comedy,Crime,Drama
Ed Okin (Jeff Goldblum) is a middle class man with a boring job, a case of insomnia and, to top it all off, he just found out that his wife is cheating on him. One night he goes out for a drive and finds himself at an LA airport, where he encounters a beautiful young woman, Diana (Michelle Pfeiffer) on the run from Middle East criminals who want something in her possession. From there Ed is embroiled in a wild, out of control chase with various characters after him and Diana. Will he survive? More importantly, will he finally get some sleep?
tt0093044
Thriller
The plot centres on a secret 1968 East-West agreement to halt nuclear proliferation. One of the clauses, the Fourth Protocol, forbids the non-conventional delivery of a nuclear weapon to a target. MI5 agent John Preston (Michael Caine) breaks into the residence of British government official George Berenson on New Year's Eve and finds a number of top secret NATO files that should not have been there. He reports his findings to high-ranking British Secret Service official Sir Nigel Irvine (Ian Richardson), who deals with the leak. However, Preston's unauthorized action has embarrassed the acting-Director of MI5, Brian Harcourt-Smith (Julian Glover), so as punishment for his insubordination, Preston is relegated to lowly "Airports and Ports". Meanwhile, KGB agent Major Valeri Petrofsky (Pierce Brosnan) is sent on a mission to England personally by General Govershin (Alan North), the head of the KGB. One of Govershin's subordinates, Borisov (Ned Beatty), complains to his old friend General Karpov (Ray McAnally), about his espionage department being stripped of resources and personnel, particularly his star agent Petrofsky. The surprised Karpov quietly investigates and learns about Petrofsky's unsanctioned mission - to violate the Fourth Protocol by assembling and detonating an atomic device so that it will appear to be a nuclear accident at an American base. It is intended to strain Anglo-American relations and strengthen the anti-nuclear movement in advance of an election. In Glasgow, a Russian sailor is struck by a truck while fleeing from a port guard. Among the dead man's possessions, Preston finds a disk of polonium, which can only be a component of a detonator for an atomic bomb. He informs Harcourt-Smith, but is promptly suspended, as Harcourt-Smith believes that Preston is manufacturing a fake incident to work his way back into MI5. Luckily however, he has the confidence of Sir Bernard Hemmings (Michael Gough), the gravely-ill Director of MI5. Preston sets to work and eventually comes across Winkler, a known Czech KGB agent, and tails him from the airport. Meanwhile, Petrofsky meets another KGB agent, Irina Vassilievna (Joanna Cassidy), a bomb expert who pretends to be his wife. Under her guidance, they assemble the device from seemingly-harmless items; She sets it on a two-hour delay per their instructions. Later, unbeknownst to Petrofsky, Vassilievna follows her own orders, resetting the delay to zero. After sleeping with Petrofsky, she finds his own secret order to liquidate her and tries to warn him about the double-cross, but he kills her before she can. Afterwards, Petrofsky is observed contacting Winkler. The British follow him to Ipswich, lose him, then find him again. Preston eventually realises that Petrofsky's target is RAF Baywater, and locates Petrofsky's house, which lies right next to the base. When Petrofsky starts to activate the bomb, on an impulse, he checks the timer first and realises he has been betrayed. At that moment, British agents storm the house. After a desperate struggle, Preston subdues Petrofsky. However, much to Preston's outrage, another agent cold-bloodedly kills the spy, explaining afterwards that he had orders to do so. Hemmings dies. At his funeral, Preston is unsurprised to find Irvine secretly meeting with General Karpov. Preston had become suspicious when known KGB agent Winkler was used as a courier, making it easy to follow him, and also when Petrofsky was killed instead of being captured for questioning. He surmised that discrediting Govershin would benefit the two men he sees before him. However, Preston does not see any point in exposing them and leaves after expressing his contempt for their cynical powerplay.
tt0096098
Action,Adventure,Crime
The film opens with a man entering the fine jewelry store he owns in Seattle. He frantically gathers up a consignment of diamonds and is arrested when the security alarm in the store goes off. He tells the police he needs to take the diamonds back to his house where his wife is being held hostage. As the police surround his house, the criminal inside demands to go free. To make his point, the criminal lets the housekeeper free, only to shoot her in the back, killing her. He exits the house with the store owner's wife, however they are both covered in a bed comforter, preventing police snipers from killing him or the woman. The police, lead by FBI agent Warren Stantin, follow the man and his hostage to the waterfront where he boards a boat. The wife is shot dead and the killer escapes with the diamonds. Stantin later receives a tip that the killer may have retreated to the mountains that boarder Washington State and British Columbia. A hiking party has chartered the services of a woman named Sarah, an expert guide in the region and the killer has joined them. Stantin hires Sarah's boyfriend, John Knox, to follow them. Knox, a fiercely independent and private man, is also an expert guide and tracker. At first he resists Stantin's attempts to hire him but later agrees. As Stantin and Knox slowly catch up with Sarah's party, one of them, Norm, slips and falls off a ridge. As the killer, whose name is Steve, tries to help him up, his pistol falls into a crevice where he can't retrieve it. He has Norm hand it back to him and then lets go of his arm, letting him plummet into the canyon. When the rest of the party backtracks and sees what happened, Steve throws some of them over the cliff and forces the last man, Harvey, backward until he too falls. Sarah is horrified and panics, however, Steve quickly takes control and tells her to lead him to the Canadian border. Sarah reluctantly agrees.
tt0079576
Comedy,Drama,War
In this sequal to American Graffiti, set over the four consecutive New Year's Eve's from 1964 to 1967 depicts scenes from each of these years, intertwined concurrently with one another as though events happen simultaneously. The audience is protected from confusion by the conceit of a distinct cinematic style for each section. Northern California, New Years Eve, 1964. John Milner (Paul LeMat) is now a drag racer. He and his fellow competitors are racing each other for the right to race against the car made by a national racing team known as "The Factory". He gets to meet his old school friends Steve Bolander (Ron Howard) and Laurie Henderson (Cindy Williams) whom are now married and Laurie is nine months pregnant and expecting twins. Terry 'The Toad' Fields (Charles Martin Smith) also turns up having joined the U.S. Marines and whom is with his fiancee Debbie Dunham (Candy Clark). John also meets Carol (Mackenzie Phillips) whom has dropped out of high school and is now a hippie drifting around the country in defiance of her parental rules. While John deals with his manager wanting him to win the upcoming championship after he loses his latest match. But John has other complications when Teensa (Mary Kate Place) a former high school girlfriend, leaves behind a non-English speaking foreign exchange student named Eva (Anna Bjorn) whom is from Iceland and John attempts to woo her despite the language barrier. South Vietnam, New Years Eve, 1965. (Note: all of these sequences are shot hand-held on grainy super 16 mm film designed to resemble war reporters' footage.) Terry Fields is serving his tour of duty and sets out trying to wound himself so he can get sent home and be reunited with Debbie, but had a lot of bad luck wanting to do so. After an attempt to shoot himself causes an all-out artillery and airstrike against his location, he deals with his commanding officer, the pompous Major Creech, whom is trying to impress a visiting U.S. Senator both of whom appear indifferent to the troop's living conditions and low morale caused by frequent enemy ambushes and harassing attacks. Terry is partnered with Little Joe Young (Bo Hopkins) the former gang leader of the Pharaohs back home whom deal with a naive and newbie helicopter pilot who seems eager for action, but soon realizes the brutality of the war. San Francisco, California. New Years Eve, 1966. (Note: these sequences echo the movie of Woodstock using split screens and multiple angles of the same event simultaneously on screen.) Free-spirited Debbie "Deb" Dunham has turned from drinking Old Harper whisky to smoking marijuana and has given up her platinum blonde persona for a hippie/groupie persona and is now living in a commune with several other hippies including Carol, who has renamed herself 'Rainbow'. Deb and her boyfriend are pulled over in their car where he gets arrested for marijuana posession by a motorcycle cop whom is former drag racer Bob Falfa (Harrison Ford, in an uncredited cameo). As Deb sets about to get bail for her boyfriend, she embarks on a strange surreal acid-induced journey through the city from the strip club where she formerly worked, to the commune, and to a gun-tooting pimp to get the money. As soon as Deb posts her boyfriend's bail, she, Rainbow, and another hippie, named Moonflower, set out to get access to a strange country-western band whom Deb joins on her mystical journey of self discovery. Modesto, California, New Years Eve, 1967. Steve and Laurie Bolander deal with their crumbling mariage. They have money problems, and Laurie wants to help by getting a job, which the sexist and traditional-minded Steve is absolutely against. He says that a mother's place is in the home and won't talk about it anymore. An angry Laurie storms out and goes to her younger brother Andy's apartment. (Note: Laurie's twin brother Curt is said to be living in Canada as a draft dodger). Andy lures Laurie to an anti-war demonstration at a local college campus. Steve sets out to find Lauire and he too gets caught up in the protest which leads into a full-out riot. (Note: these sequences attempt to memorialize the late 1960s with the scenes that recreate the sense and style with references to Haight-Ashbury, the campus peace movement, the beginnings of the modern woman's liberation movement and the accompanying social revolt.) One character burned his draft card triggering the rioting... showing a younger audience what so many Americans had done on the television news ten years before the movie's release. More scenes afterwords show both Steve and Laurie's reactions to the police brutality on the campus demonstrations with billy clubs during the protest. In 1964, John beats everyone, but wrecks his car in the last race. With only a few minutes to make repairs, all of the other teams help John and his team make the repairs and get to the starting line before having to forfeit. He beats the Factory car, and is told by their owner that he has what it takes to go pro. Also, with the help of a groundskeeper acting as a translator for Eva, he managed to tell her how he feels towards her before she leaves. The segment ends with John driving his trademark yellow Deuce at night along a lonely highway toward another vehicle's headlights, and is never seen going further... hinting that the crash was in that vicinity. In 1965, when Terry and Joe's chopper is shot down behind enemy lines and Joe ends up dead from a sniper's bullet to his chest, Terry and the pilot Lance, are rescued, but Terry becomes alinated with Major Creech who downplays the events to please the visiting Senator. Later that night, the Creech is cutting a cake made for him and his officers that was presented by Terry. Terry runs to the latrine he is assigned to clean when the cake is cut. Instead of the cake blowing up (as the viewer is led to believe would happen), the latrine blows up.Terry fakes his death in a latrine explosion in which he is declared missing in action. In a gag sequence, the feecies from the latrine rain on top of both Major Creech and the Senator who angrily declares, "this is a filthy war!" In the final scene, Lance meets with Terry who gives him the supplies he needs as Terry sets off to hide out in Europe, free from his war duty, but thus never return to the USA (It is never revealed what happened to Terry's fate afterwards if he really did escape from Vietnam). In 1966, Deb goes to a local band to see if they will give her boyfriend a tryout. Newt (Scott Glenn), the leader of the group, is reluctant to do so, but Debbie, Rainbow, and Moonflower tag along to their next gig at a country bar in order to keep convincing Newt. He finally does, but he also begins falling for her. At the gig, Newt puts Debbie in the band as a tambourine player. While performing, she sees her boyfriend at the club dancing erotically with another woman. Debbie jumps off the stage and confronts him. The confrontation eventually leads to a huge bar fight. At the end of the night, Debbie has dumped her boyfriend and is asked to join the band permanently, which he does. She and Newt also begin a relationship. In 1967, Steve and Laurie and all their friends are arrested. When the police begin to abuse Laurie, Steve loses it and begins punching out the cops. He is quickly joined by all of the other arrested protesters and Steve, Laurie, Andy and his girlfriend escape custody. Back home, Steve tells Laurie that he has changed his mind and she can get a job. As with the first American Graffiti movie, the audience is given a last still images of the main cast and what became of them: -John Milner was killed by a drunk driver in December 1964. -Terry Fields was reported missing in action near An Loc in December 1965. -Steve Bolander is an insurance agent in Modesto, California. -Debbie Dunham is a country western singer living in Oklahoma.
tt0093220
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
In this sequel, a young man inherits a house and invites his friend to move in with him. A series of mysterious (and humorous) events leads him to his great-grandfather, who has been kept alive by a magical crystal skull. The skull is stolen, and mayhem ensues.
tt0092147
Comedy,Fantasy,Horror
Keith [Chris Makepeace] and AJ [Robert Rusler] offer to provide a stripper for their college initiation party, so they go downtown to employ one. What they find is a part of the city that, after dark, is overrun by a group of vampires from another planet. Katrina [Grace Jones] gets AJ and rips his throat and graphically laps his blood). Keith spends the rest of the night trying to escape while also trying to figure out the identity of the waitress Amaretto [Deedee Pfeiffer] helping him (she says she knows him from grade school). Finally, Keith and Amaretto manage to escape up a manhole cover in the sunlight. AJ, stuck down in the dark sewers, swears his love for Keith and says he'll reform and get a graveyard shift job.
tt0081184
Comedy,Horror,Thriller
Farmer Vincent Smith (Rory Calhoun) and his younger overweight sister Ida (Nancy Parsons) live on a farm with a motel attached to it in an unnamed Deep South state. It's called 'Motel Hello', but the O on the sign constantly flicks on and off (hence the opening title of 'Motel Hell'). Vincent makes smoked meats said to be the most delicious in the surrounding area. Vincent's secret is human flesh, and Vincent has the areas around his isolated motel strewn with various booby traps to catch victims. The victims are placed in a 'secret garden' where they are buried up to their necks and have their vocal cords cut so they cannot scream; Vincent keeps them in the ground, feeding them special food, until they are ready and then kills them. Ida helps, and seems to enjoy it, whereas Vincent seems rather calm and certain in his belief he's not doing anything wrong. Vincent even refers to the people he's captured as "animals." The movie opens with Vincent going out one night and shooting out the tires of a motorcycle a couple is riding on: The male (Bo) is placed in the garden, but Vincent takes a shine to the young female (Terry) and brings her to the motel to help her recover from her injuries, much to Ida's displeasure. The next morning, Vincent's naïve and mild-mannered younger brother Sheriff Bruce (Paul Linke), who, unlike Ida, is not aware of his brother's secret, arrives, and Vincent tells Terry that her boyfriend died in the accident and that he buried him: a trip to the graveyard shows a crude grave marker placed there by Vincent. Terry, having nowhere else to go, decides to stay at the motel. Most of the film consists of Vincent (with Ida's help) capturing more victims for his garden. One of the first on-screen victims is a local health inspector for Vincent's pigs who spies the hidden garden by chance, goes to investigate, and then becomes part of it. The next evening, a van full of drugged-up band members are driving past the area of the motel in which Vincent blows their tires out by laying out spikes in the road and captures them. At the same time, Vincent uses his folksy charm to woo Terry, much to Bruce's dislike, who tries to woo her himself without much success. Another night later, Vincent captures more victims by placing a pack of cardboard cows on the road. When a car containing two women pass by, one gets out and when she goes to move the cows, Vincent gases her. The other woman gets in the driver's seat and plows through the cardboard cows and attempts to flee. Vincent chases after her in his pickup truck in which a long car chase ensues. The woman in the car apparently faints from the stress of her terror in which her car goes off the road and into a nearby pond where she drowns. Meanwhile, Bruce attemps again to woo Terry by taking her to a spot overlooking a local drive-in theater where they attempt to watch a movie on the big screen only when Bruce overhears the other woman over his police car's CB radio attemping to call for help for she is being chased. Bruce tries to start up the car, but it gets stuck in the mud. Bruce ends up falling into a mud puddle attemping to push his car free. That same night, the mud-covered Bruce drops Terry off back at the motel where he questions Vincent and Ida about the mysterious chatter over the CB's and Vincent suggests that it was just teenage kids playing a prank. After Bruce leaves, a pair of swingers show up at the motel with a false ad that the motel is a swinger's paradise which is titled 'Vincent's Motel'. After putting Terry to bed, Vincent and Ida enter the couple's motel room where they gas both of them and add them to their back garden. The next day Vincent suggests he may teach Terry how to smoke meat. Terry is willing to tour Vincent's smokehouse in the back and adds: "Don't worry. I have a cast-iron stomach". Ida finds out about this and, jealous of Terry's hold over Vincent, attempts to drown her in the nearby pond (by luring her out there to play on inner tubes), but Vincent comes in time and saves her. This proves to be a catalyst for Terry, who tries to seduce Vincent (he stops her, claiming it would not be proper until they were married) and she then agrees to marry him. A few days later, Bruce, while 'walking the beat' in the nearby town, learns from the local preacher Reverend Billy (Wolfman Jack) about Vincent's upcoming marriage to Terry. Unhappy that he's "lost" Terry, Bruce drives down to the motel once he hears the news and bursts into Terry's bathroom to protest Terry's choice (and during his rant to slander his brother claims his brother has 'syphilis of the brain', which might explain Vincent's calmness towards murder and cannibalism), but Vincent appears and chases his brother off with a shotgun. Having decided to have the wedding tomorrow, Vincent, Terry, and Ida share a glass of champagne, but Ida drugs the champagne to knock Terry out so she and Vincent can prepare some of the garden victims (presumably for the wedding feast tomorrow). Meanwhile, Bruce, still angry over losing Terry, starts doing some detective work on a few strange things he's noticed and starts to feel that something is not quite right at his brother's farm. After looking around, Bruce finds a pond near the motel which is filled with dozens of abandoned cars from the various passerbys that Vincent has captured. Vincent and Ida kill three of the band members (by hypnotising them, then tying nooses around their necks, attaching the rope to a tractor, and driving the tractor to break their necks) and pull them out of the ground to take to Vincent's meat processing plant. However, doing so seems to loosen the dirt around Bo, as he begins to try to escape. Bruce sneaks back to the motel to try to rescue Terry, but Ida returns to the motel for a snack and overhears Bruce trying to get Terry to leave. Ida ambushes Bruce when he leaves the room and knocks him out, and then takes Terry at gunpoint to the meat processing plant. Meanwhile, Bo escapes and frees the other victims in the garden. Vincent, upset that his 'love' found out his secret the way she did, sends Ida back to the motel to fetch his brother, but the victims, having escaped (and in a nod to zombie films, have staggered around groaning and hissing due to their cut vocal cords), ambush her and knock her out. Terry tries to escape the meat processing plant, but the door is locked and Vincent sadly knocks Terry out with gas, and then ties her to a conveyor belt, apparently planning to kill her too. He is interrupted by Bo, who crashes into the meat plant via an overhead window and brawls with Vincent, but he is weak from being trapped in the garden for so long and Vincent strangles him. Bruce awakens, finds one of his brother's shotguns, and goes to the meat packing building/smokehouse himself, but finds that his brother has armed himself with a giant chainsaw (and placed a pig's head over his own as a gruesome mask). Vincent manages to disarm his brother, but Bruce grabs his own chainsaw and proceeds to have a violent duel with Vincent (later parodied in 'The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Part 2'), in the process turning on the conveyor belt Terry is tied to, sending her slowly towards a meat cutting blade. Despite suffering several wounds, Bruce drives the chainsaw into his Vincent's side for a mortal wound. Bruce frees Terry and then returns with her to his wounded brother, who gasps his final words, leaving the farm and 'secret garden' to Bruce, and then lamenting that his whole life was a lie and he was the biggest hypocrite of all ("My... meat... I... I... used... preservatives!") before he dies. Bruce and Terry go to the secret garden and find Ida buried in it as revenge... head first! (Of the victims there is no sign of them. They seem to have wandered off somewhere, presumably getting help.. but who knows?) In the final scene, Bruce and Terry then head past the motel, while Bruce comments on how he had no idea what was going on and was glad he'd run away when he was eleven. Terry suggests they just burn the motel, claiming it's evil. The sign saying MOTEL HELLO finally fully shorts out, permanently darkening the O and leaving the title: MOTEL HELL as the end credits role.
tt0094746
Comedy,Drama
In 1945, during World War II, a train full of draftees are heading to Biloxi, Mississippi for boot camp. Among the recruits are Private Eugene Jerome (who wants to be a writer and makes observations about everyone in a private journal), Arnold Epstein (another New York Jew and the intellectual in the group), Joseph Wykowski (the largest recruit and likeliest to be the best soldier in their unit), Roy Selridge (a loudmouth and seeming sycophant to Wykowski), Don Carney (who has aspirations to be a singer) and James Hennesey (a mostly soft-spoken type). When they arrive at their training camp,Jerome comments that the heat is unbearable. They immediately meet their drill sergeant, Merwin Toomey, who tells them that he was wounded during the war in Europe and has a steel plate in his skull. Toomey has a jovial wit but also a hard edge and Jerome and Epstein run afoul of him when he tells everyone to fall in for muster: Epstein mocks Toomey's order that they all answer to their names with "Ho!" and Jerome stumbles over the response, prompting Toomey to demand he name one of his comrades in order that he do pushups in punishment. Eventually, Jerome finds himself unpunished while everyone in the platoon carries out Toomey's orders. The platoon reports for chow, finding the food detestable. Toomey stops by their table and tells them he plans to have them march for 15 miles in the morning at 5 AM. Epstein objects, saying that the platoon needs rest after their 3 day train ride. Toomey excuses Epstein from the march after he cleans the barracks latrine, adding that if it doesn't meet his rigorous standards, Wykowski and Selridge will perform 200 pushups as a punishment. After he leaves, Jerome mocks Toomey -- Wykowski doesn't like it because Toomey seems to have exceptional hearing and perception; he seems to hear even the lowest-spoken comments. When they line up to surrender their trays, those that haven't eaten their entire meal are sent back to their seats to finish, including Carney, Jerome and Epstein. Toomey takes the platoon out for a long march through the Mississippi swampland. They soon stop at a large pond. Toomey asks for ideas to cross the "obstacle" and orders Jerome to pick a volunteer. When Toomey orders Jerome to give him the name of the recruit who will wade into the water, Jerome refuses to answer. Toomey, pulling the same trick that he did during muster, has Jerome "whisper" the name into his ear, which turns out to be Wykowski. Wykowski almost immediately sinks into the swamp and the platoon marches out, looking for a better place to cross while 2 other recruits fish Wykowski out of the water. That night Jerome suggests that they all share fantasies, detailing what they'd do if they knew they were going to die in combat one week from that day. Seeing an opportunity for a small contest for a cash award, Jerome will act as the judge, grading their responses. Selridge claims he'd have sex with 7 of the richest women in the world and receive a million dollars from each for his performance, but he'd need another day to spend all the money. Carney says he'd sing at Carnegie Hall and become famous. Hennesey says he'd spend the time with his family, which Jerome calls an honest answer. Wykowski says he'd have sex with the Queen of England, a response that Jerome calls completely immoral but grades very high. Epstein is reluctant to reveal his but with some gentle persuasion from Jerome he tells everyone that he'd like to order Toomey to perform 200 pushups in front of the entire platoon. Everyone admits that it's the best response so far and Jerome gives Epstein an A. Jerome goes last and says he'd simply like to lose his virginity and meet the perfect girl. Selridge, given the responsibility of grading Jerome, finds the fantasy smarmy and gives him a C-, making Epstein the winner. Wykowski, who makes no effort to his his dislike of Jews, objects and a minor fight breaks out. Toomey intervenes and orders everyone to sleep while Epstein collects his money. The platoon is given a weekend's leave. Jerome and Carney plan to join Selridge and Wykowski on their trip to a prostitute's apartment in Biloxi. Wykowski storms in yelling about how all the money he'd saved for the big weekend was stolen out of his wallet in his footlocker. Toomey suddenly appears and orders everyone to line up. He tells them he's heard about the theft and that he wants the guilty party to come forward, saying they will not avoid punishment but that it would be honorable to admit their wrongdoing. When no one steps forward, Toomey begins a countdown. Suddenly, Arnold Epstein goes to his own wallet and gives the amount stolen to Wykowski. Toomey is flustered, admitting that he'd taken the money out of Wykowski's footlocker while his men were asleep the night before. His intention was to teach Wykowski a lesson for leaving his footlocker unlocked but he never figured that Epstein would undermine his authority. He dismisses everyone for leave and chastises Epstein in a private meeting. Epstein tells Toomey that he saw him take the money and that he doesn't understand how the sergeant will teach a proper lesson by committing his own crime. Toomey gives Epstein latrine duty again. In Biloxi, the guys arrive at the prostitute's house. Wykowski goes first while Selridge, Carney and Jerome discuss sexual etiquette. Wykowksi emerges satisfied and leaves for the USO hall's party for GIs. After Selridge disappears into the bedroom, Jerome and Carney decide to leave. Jerome forgets his hat and meets Selridge stalking out, claiming he'd passed his peak. Jerome finds his hat and is met by Rowena who beckons him into her room. Jerome is quite nervous and reluctant but Rowena coaches him into the act. At the USO hall, the rest of the guys are scoping out the local women they can dance with -- most of them seem to have come from a Catholic school in Biloxi. Jerome arrives in quite a light mood from his experience and finds a young, pretty woman named Daisy who accepts his offer to dance. The two have an innocent conversation and find that they are quite attracted to each other. They dance for what seems like hours until the hall closes. That night, after they return from leave, Wykowski finds Jerome's footlocker unlocked. Inside he finds Jerome's diary and all the private thoughts Jerome has had about everyone in the platoon. Jerome returns to find that his comrades are very resentful of his thoughts: Wykowski is considered a brutish thug but the type of soldier who will one day be highly decorated for his efforts. Selridge, while holding Jerome back in a headlock, has to listen while Wykowski reveals a name Selridge shouts in his sleep, that of his mother. Jerome believes that Carney is a good person but is unreliable. Wykowski finally orders Selridge to let Jerome go and he gives back the journal. Epstein grabs it immediately and salaciously asks to read what Jerome has to say about him: Jerome thinks Arnold may be gay. Epstein is insulted. A few nights later an officer, while patrolling the barracks, notices the lights out in the latrine. When he turns them on, he finds two men engaging in a sexual act. One of them jumps out the window before he can be identified, the other is brought in for interrogation. Toomey asks the unidentifiable party to come forward, warning that his name will be revealed when the other confesses. The recruits speculate and discuss the issue, several of them objecting to gay men sneaking into the Army and others, like Selridge, saying people should be able to live how they wish. Days after, while out on a march, Toomey's platoon is stopped by the military police. The MPs have Hennesey separated from the rest of the company, taking him away in their jeep. One night Jerome invites Epstein to join him for a drink on the base. Epstein refuses, still stinging from Jerome's assumption that he's gay. Jerome says he knows Arnold isn't gay but he thought he might be since he never talked about women. Just then and extremely drunk Toomey comes out of his quarters and demands that Epstein join him while holding a loaded .45 pistol. Jerome moves to protect Arnold, saying he's a witness. Toomey decides to order Jerome into his quarters instead. Inside, he tells Jerome that he's gotten a notice that he's to report to a mental hospital for Army officers for evaluation. Not wanting to spend the rest of his life there, he plans to shoot Jerome with the intent of being sent to prison instead. He also reveals that he knows about their fantasy game. He offers money for his own bet, saying that he'd like to take one of the worst recruits in his command and turn them into the best soldier he's seen. He then orders Jerome at gunpoint to disarm him. Jerome believes he can't do it but he tries amid Toomey's threats. He struggles for several seconds with Toomey, who won't give up his pistol at first but suddenly loosens his grip. Jerome regains his composure and suggests that Toomey get a good night's sleep. Toomey, smiling and now impressed with Jerome's newfound courage, tells Jerome that in order for his arrest to be properly executed, they need witnesses. When Jerome opens the door, he find Epstein & the rest of the platoon outside the door eavesdropping. Outside the barracks, in heavy rain, Toomey admits his crime to the unit and demands he be brought up on charges for threatening Jerome. Jerome suggests that the decision should be left up to the unit and asks Epstein's opinion. Epstein says there should be no charges but that Toomey should do 200 pushups in front of the platoon. Toomey enthusiastically does. The platoon, having completed basic training, is next seen on a train heading to the Pacific. Jerome admits that everyone was scared but that they weren't deployed to combat because the atomic bombing of Japan took place before they arrived on the West Coast. He also reflects on how he found new respect for everyone in the company. Before leaving, Jerome took the opportunity to see Daisy one last time, remarking that she later married a doctor. Selridge decided on the Army as a career but never advanced beyond buck private. Wykowski settled in Albany, had a family and suffered from stomach problems. Carney became a teacher, a very reliable one. Epstein became the District Attorney of Brooklyn and spent his career battling organized crime. Jerome himself became a successful writer and had his own family.
tt0084504
Adventure,Comedy,Musical
The Pirate Movie is the celluloid version of Gilbert and Sullivan's famous musical, the Pirates of Penzance. The movie begins with a pirate actor (Christopher Atkins) meeting a group of young women at one of his preformances. He invites one mousy young girl named Mable (Kristy McNichol) to go for a ride on his boat and bring some of her friends. Her friends take off with the actor and without her. In her desperate attempt to catch up with them she falls into the water and is knocked unconscious. She then begins to dream about the young man she met. The dream sequence opens with a fight between two pirate ships. We are introduced to Fredric (Christopher Atkins) who is celebrating his 21st Birthday and at the end of his apprenticeship as a pirate. At this time, Fredric expresses his view that his fellow pirates are rather pathetic at their chosen profession because they release ships they capture when the occupants are orphans. This "soft spot" arises from the apparent fact that the pirates of penance are also all orphans. Fredric goes on to state that he wishes to give up his life as a pirate and devote himself to ending the pirates' reign. He is then cast off the ship in a dingey. After the argument, a group of women run onto the beach and Fredric, having never seen a woman other than Ruth (Maggie Kirkpatrick) before in his life, does not know how to approach them and scares all but one of them away. Mable and Fredric converse and quickly fall in love. Fredric warns Mable of pirates near by but before they can run away, the pirates capture them and they intend to marry the girls and take them away aboard their ship. But Mable warns the pirates that their father is a Major General and he emerges on the scene a short time later.Having heard of the pirates of penzance and their "soft spot", the Major-General (Bill Kerr) pretends that he was an orphan and the pirates agree to release the group of girls. The pirates remain docked near by. Mable and Frederic wish to be married. Unfortunately, there is a custom that requires the girls to marry in the order in which they were born. Mable has to be last. Her father also requests that the man she marry have money, which he does not have. Mable convinces her father to allow the marraige if Frederic recovers the treasure that was stolen from him by the pirates. Mable and Frederic sneak aboard the ship to abtain the map of the treasures location, which is tatood on the captains back. The recovery of the treasure wins Frederic the right to lead forces against the pirates impending attack. When Frederic is later alone, he is confronted by the Pirate King (Ted Hamilton) and Ruth and they inform him that he's not actually 21 years of age because he was born in a leap year on 29 February and since his birthday only happens every four years, it will be another 60 years before he is actually 21. Fredric is convinced by Ruth and the Pirate King and agrees to rejoin the pirates because it is his duty. He then informs the Pirate King of the plans that the Major General has for the arrest of the pirates, to which the Pirate King vowes revenge. Frederic then encounters Mabel and she pleads with him to stay. But to no avail and he stands by his duty to the pirates until his 21st birthday. He promises to return when his duty of service is over, but they will be very old then. In the meantime he must fight on the side of the pirates. Mable informs the police that they will have to face the pirates without Fredric's assistance and that she will lead them. During this conversation, the pirates approach the Major-General's house. As the pirates approach, the police quickly hide in fear. (Note - the police are comically portrayed as tough talkers who exhibit fear and cowardliness when conflict is near). As the conflict between the police and pirates grows, the conflict between the two lovers causes them to become enemies. As the Major-General quietly reflects on his guilt and conscience, the pirates launch an attack and the police rush to the Major-General's defense. But the police (who are only aided by the daughters) are defeated (comically) and the Pirate King imposes a sentence of death on the the captured Major General and the girls will be taken captive. They are interrupted by Mable's realization that it is her dream and she wants a happy ending. Mable matches up all her sisters with a pirate or a police officer. The pirates and the young daughters are all joined together. Frederic and Mabel are reunited and married with the consent and pleasure of the Major-General and he consents to the "noble pirates" marrying his daughters. Mable awakes from her dream in time to be rescued by the pirate actor she met on the pier (Christopher Atkins). They lived happily ever after and singing all the way.
tt0087065
Action,Adventure,Crime
Davey Osborne (Henry Thomas) is an 11-year-old who lives in San Antonio with his father, Hal Osborne (Dabney Coleman). His mother has recently died, leaving just him and his father, a military air traffic controller who has problems relating to his child. Davey is a lonely child and is still grieving over his mother, so he immerses himself in the fantasy world of Cloak & Dagger, an espionage game which exists in both role playing and video forms. Davey has one friend, Kim, (Christina Nigra) a girl who lives nearby with her single mother. Davey is interested in the world of espionage and his hero is the character Jack Flack from the game. He wants to live an action-packed life like Jack Flack and he carries around a water pistol as his "gun" and a softball as his "grenade". Davey spends much of his free time playing Cloak & Dagger and spinning elaborate fantasies involving Jack Flack, an imaginary friend who takes the form of a more dashing version of his father (the role of Flack is also played by Coleman). One day Davey's friend Morris (William Forsythe), who owns a video game shop in the local mall, sends Davey and Kim on an errand, where Davey witnesses a murder. Right before the victim dies, he gives Davey a Cloak & Dagger video-game cartridge and says that the cartridge contains important military secrets, that he must get it to the FBI. Davey seeks help from the authorities but they simply believe him to be engaging in fantasy play. Murderous spies, led by the malevolent Dr. Rice (Michael Murphy), chase Davey relentlessly as he flees across the city. The action moves from Davey's house, to a series of tour boats, to the Alamo. Along the way Davey manages to continually evade his pursuers with the aid and advice of the imaginary Jack Flack. However, along the way Davey's relationship with Flack becomes more strained as his own sense of morality and concern for his friend Kim collide with Flack's harsh methods and cavalier attitude. This comes to a head when Davey is cornered by Rice along the River Walk. During the fight, Jack Flack urges Davey to set up the two spies into the "Crossfire Gambit", causing one to kill the other. Jack convinces Davey to pick up the gun of the dead spy, but rather than shoot Rice, Davey panics and runs away down a dead-end path. Rice arrives and corners Davey. Assuming the gun Davey holds is the same red ink-filled water pistol from earlier, Rice taunts him by threatening to shoot both his kneecaps and stomach and allowing him to die in agony. When Davey proves unable to shoot first, Jack Flack tries to get Rice's attention. Standing in front of a blank wall (and holding his Agent-X bulletproof beret in front of him for protection), Jack dares Rice to shoot him. Davey looks to Jack, warning him not to do anything, and Rice instinctively turns and fires a burst at the wall, thinking "Jack" is a hidden ally. An enraged Davey fires his pistol, killing Rice and causing him to fall dead into the river. Realizing that Jack had tricked him into shooting the spy, Davey throws away the pistol, pulls the miniature of Jack Flack out of his pocket and, with a shout of "I don't want to play anymore!" breaks the miniature in two, stomping it into the concrete. Jack Flack tells Davey his father behaved the same way at his age, growing tired of playing "Cowboys and Indians". As he speaks, blood begins to pour from the bullet holes that now riddle his body, and Jack abruptly collapses. While expressing regret about the rule, "...leaving when they stop believing," Jack confesses Davey was always his favorite playmate. Distracting Davey by asking for a smoke, Jack fades away into nothing. When Davey calls to Jack, saying he can't do it alone, Jack's voice reassures him that he always could, and tells him to go save Kim. Earlier in a scene at the Alamo, Davey had been befriended by a kind elderly couple. Seemingly the only adults to believe him, or at least the only ones who are willing to humor his adventures, the couple turn out to be enforcers working for the spies. Davey manages to escape their clutches, but without the game cartridge, and he chases the couple to the airport where they are attempting to flee the country. At the airport, Davey forces the couple's hand by pretending that they are his parents and that they are abandoning him. When security attempts to intervene, Davey tells the guard the proof is the game cartridge he knows they have. Cornered, the couple kidnaps Davey at gunpoint and commandeers a plane, unaware that Davey has brought with him a bomb which the spies had meant to use to kill Kim. Unwilling to listen to Davey about the bomb, the couple requests a pilot. Meanwhile, Hal has arrived at the airport with Kim's mother, and after hearing about the hostage situation, he volunteers to be the pilot. As the plane moves to the runway, Davey tries to summon Jack for help; his father hears him and identifies himself as "Jack Flack" and calls Davey to the cockpit. When the female enforcer shows up to bring him, she discovers the bomb and panics, calling for her husband. As the two enforcers try to disable the bomb, Davey and his father manage to escape safely from the cockpit; the plane travels a short distance before exploding, killing the enforcers and incinerating the cartridge. The film ends with the two reunited and Davey insisting he no longer needs Jack Flack because he has his father.
tt0090917
Drama,Horror,Sci-Fi
In a parking lot, a thief tries to steal from a Volkswagen van but a robot named BB (voiced by Charles Fleischer) stops him. BB lets go of the thief, who is dazed. Paul Conway (Matthew Laborteaux) and his mother Jeannie (Anne Twomey) return from shopping and drive away in the van. Paul is the owner of BB, which he built. They arrive at their new house in the town of Welling Proper the next day. Paul soon become friends with newspaper delivery boy Tom Toomey (Michael Sharrett). Paul has a university scholarship due to his vast intelligence and interests in neurology and artificial intelligence. As they move in, BB's batteries run low. The robot, which occasionally shows signs of autonomy, plugs himself into an electrical socket to charge up. At the university, Paul, Jeannie, and BB meet Paul's professor, Dr. Johanson, who gives them a tour of Paul's new laboratory. A few days later, Paul and BB are cleaning the yard. Paul meets his next-door neighbor, Samantha Pringle (Kristy Swanson). Paul notices some bruises on her arm but Samantha tries to hide them. Sam's abusive, alcoholic father, Harry (Richard Marcus), soon comes outside and stares at her menacingly. Samantha is frightened and returns to her father. That night, Samantha visits Paul and Jeannie. Her father soon drags Samantha home and beats her. Tom helps Paul teach BB to deliver newspapers. They stop at the house of reclusive harridan Elvira Parker (Anne Ramsey), who threatens the boys with a loaded shotgun and expresses dislike for BB. The three walk away. Tom reveals that his father is a security guard at the university hospital. Walking further, they encounter a motorcycle gang. The gang insults Tom and they push Paul into a garbage bin. BB grabs the gang leader's crotch. The gang rides away, with the leader vowing revenge. Paul, Samantha, Tom, and BB develop a close friendship. One day, they play basketball in the neighborhood. BB accidentally tosses the ball onto Elvira's porch. She stomps out of her house and takes the ball, refusing to give it back. BB's eyes freeze on Elvira as if he will never forget the insult. On Halloween night, Samantha comes over with a bloody nose and asks for ice. Paul and Jeannie believe that her father is abusing her. Samantha goes out with Paul, Tom, and BB. Tom decides to pull a prank on Elvira. BB unlocks her gate and Samantha rings her doorbell. Alarms go off and they hide in the shrubbery. Elvira finds BB standing near her porch and shoots the robot. Paul is devastated by the loss of his friend, while Tom blames himself for suggesting the stunt. On Thanksgiving Day, Paul and Jeannie eat dinner with Samantha. Afterwards, Paul and Samantha share their first kiss. Samantha returns home late at night, outraging her father, who punches her in the face and pushes her down the stairs, causing her to be rushed to the hospital. Samantha is left brain-dead. Dr. Johanson tells Paul that she will be put on life support for 24 hours and then the plug will be pulled. Paul remembers how BB's microchip links artificial intelligence with the human brain, and runs to Tom's house. With an idea in mind, he asks him for his father's keys to the hospital to sneak into Samantha's room and bring her back to life when the plug is pulled. They get the keys, and enter the hospital as Tom deactivates hospital power from the basement, Dr. Johanson pulls the plug on Samantha. When the hospital goes dark, Paul enters Samantha's room and drags her to his lab. Paul's inserts the microchip into Samantha's brain and brandishes his remote control, attempting to activate Samantha. Samantha's foot moves, causing Tom to faint. Paul takes Samantha to the shed at his house and activates Samantha. She opens her eyes mechanically and starts to breathe, with her hands in the position of BB's pincers as Paul teaches her to sit up. The police arrive at Samantha's home and inform Harry that her body has disappeared. In the middle of the night, Paul finds Samantha staring at the window, looking at her father. Paul deactivates her. The next morning, Paul awakens and sees that Samantha is gone. He searches for her in the street, but there is no sign of her. Samantha is at her house, avenging herself on her father. Harry finds the cellar door open and goes downstairs. Samantha yanks her father off his feet and drags him to the furnace. She kills him by snapping his neck. Paul finds her in the cellar and sees her father's head burning. Horrified, he hides the corpse in a pile of coal. He goes home with Samantha and locks her in his bedroom. That night, Samantha breaks free again. This time, she avenges herself upon Elvira for shooting BB. Elvira calls the police, but they hang up on her. A basketball bounces ominously in her living room indicating that Samantha has broken in. Samantha, now developing super-strength, grabs the basketball and throws it at Elvira, causing her head to explode. Elvira's decapitated body rolls on the floor and runs in circles, spurting blood and gore until it bounces off the door and lays dead on the porch. At Elvira's house, police discover Elvira's corpse and Harry's body. When Tom learns that Samantha is killing people, Paul promises things will change. Tom refuses to budge, and the two fight. Samantha jumps out a window and attacks Tom, believing that he has injured Paul. Paul and Jeannie save Tom, but Samantha runs away. As Paul runs after her, the leader of the biker gang confronts him. As a police car arrives, Samantha throws the biker into the car's windshield. As she runs off, she is confronted by police. She makes her way back to Paul's shed. Paul meets her there and tries to comfort her. He is amazed as he realizes that Samantha is becoming more human, even saying his name tenderly. The police arrive and point at Paul. Samantha yells Paul's name and the police shoot. The bullet hits Samantha, who was defending Paul. She dies in his arms. Later, Paul visits Samantha in the morgue. A malevolent version of BB emerges from Samantha's head, grabbing Paul's neck. Samantha/BB says, "Paul. Come with me, Paul". Off-screen, Paul screams as Samantha/BB crushes his neck. The credits end with BB's name being said over and over again.
tt0105466
Adventure,Comedy,Fantasy
Roy Knable (John Ritter), a couch potato, is a struggling Seattle plumbing salesman and former fencing athlete who spends most of his spare time watching hours of television. Roy's neglected wife Helen (Pam Dawber), a senior vitamin product manager, resents the fact that they never do anything special or romantic together anymore. After a fight (which involved Helen smashing the family television screen with one of Roy's fencing trophies as a wake-up call to reality), a shady man named Mr. Spike (Jeffrey Jones) appears at the couples' door, offering him a new high tech satellite dish system filled with 666 channels of programs one cannot view on the four big networks (CBS, NBC, ABC, and Fox). What Roy doesn't know is that Spike (later referred to as "Mephistopheles of the Cathode Ray") is an emissary from hell who wants to boost the influx of souls by arranging for TV junkies to be killed in the most gruesome and ironic situations imaginable. The 'candidates' are sucked into a hellish television world, called Hell Vision, and put through a gauntlet where they must survive a number of satirical versions of sitcoms and movies. If they can survive for 24 hours they are free to go but if they get killed then their souls will become the property of Satan (the latter usually happens). The dish eventually sucks Roy and Helen into this warped world. Roy and Helen first appear on a bizzare game show called 'You Can't Win' where they are forced by the game show host to answer personal questions about their failing marriage or be "eliminated". They succeed and as their prize are pushed through a porthole into another world called 'Underworld Wrestling Foundation' and are forced to wrestle a stout couple called The Gorgons. When Roy is bested, Helen defeats Mr. and Mrs. Gorgon by bashing them with a microphone stand and for their reward, are pushed into another porthole to another channel. Watching the Knables from the confines of HTV's control room is Spike, who is soon joined by Crowley (Eugene Levy), a nerdish employee who brings along Pierce (Erik King), a younger upstart employee to the TV center. Crowley explains the events happening to Pierce. They watch another couple, the Seidenbaums, on another channel where the shrewdish wife is crushed to death by a Godzilla monster while her henpecked husband escapes. After Crowley makes a sly comment to Spike about a previous individual who survived the 24 hours in HTV's dimension. Spike bannishes Crowley to the Hell TV world by zapping him with a special remote control device he always keeps on him. Back in the real world, Roy and Helen's 11-year-old son Darryl (David Tom), and his older sister Diane (Heather McComb) arrive home from school and are puzzled to their parents absence. They find the large HTV set in the living room as well as the large sattelite dish in their back yard. While Diane invites some of her school friends over, Darryl watches the new TV set and is behildered by the various HTV programming which includes hellish spoof shows like "Cruel Practical Jokes", "Three Men and Rosemary's Baby", "thirtysomething-to-life", etc. When Darryl goes into the backyard, the motion sensitive dish activates and tries to suck him into the Hell TV world, but zapps his bicycle instead. When Darryl sees his bicycle on the TV later in a show called "Meet the Mansons" he tries to convince Diane that something sinister is going on, but she dimisses his theories. Meanwhile, Roy and Helen are trapped in a sub-freezing snowy forrest area on the HTV show "Northern Overexposure" where they venture to a frozen lake and meet Crowley who is digging holes in the ice to find a conduit to the next channel. Just when Crowley finds a dimentional opening, they are attacked by savage wolves and forced to take shelter in a nearby shack where Crowley explains to them about their situation and that they have 15 hours left to survive HTV's world. In attempting to escape from the shack, Crowley is overwhelmed by the wolves and the shack is set on fire from a dropped oil lamp. Roy and Helen are forced to leave Crowley behind and jump through the dimentional porthole and find themselves as animated mouse characters in a cartoon and are forced to battle a mechanical robot cat that chases them. Darryl sees his parents as animated characters and watches their actions on the screen. Helen travels through a mousehole into another channel, but Roy is left behind to deal with the robot cat, which he defeats by sending for a mechanical robot dog. Roy then runs through the conduit to find Helen and ends up on a Saturday Night Live theme show called 'Saturday Night Dead' on a segment called "Duane's Underworld" as a captive guest. Roy manages to escape and finds himself in a black-and-white channel as a private detective in his search for Helen. In the meantime, Darryl finally convinces Diane where their missing parents are by showing them on the TV set and they try to help them survive any way possible. Roy finds Helen being held by Mr. Seidenbaum, their former next door neighbor, who has set himself up in this cloak-and-dagger show as a nightclub owner. When a gangster arrives and begins shooting up the place, Seidenbaum is fataly hit and as his final act, gives Roy and Helen his remote control device that he has somehow smuggled into the HTV world. Roy and Helen use it to escape but they loose the remote control after they find themselves in the next channel on a period piece show called "Off With His Head" set in 18th Century France where Roy and Helen are aristrocrats being chased by Parisian citizens during the French Revolution. They are reunited with Crowley, who has survived he wolf attacks despite the loss of his right leg and arm, who tries to help them escape, but they are soon captured by French soldiers and taken to a town square to be executed. Darryl and Diane try to help by hacking into the TV set's cable database to access the system just as the countdown to Roy and Helen's time is to expire. They manage to prevent Roy from being beheaded long enough for the clock to expire and Roy and Helen are saved by the clock to announce the end of their 24 hour trial period in HTV. This infuriates Spike to the point that he makes good on Roy's contract, releasing him but not Helen as she was not in the system under contract. Spike then transports himself into the HTV world and spirits Helen away to a Western site where he ties her to a cart sitting across a railroad track for her to be run over by an oncoming train in order to lure Roy back into HTV to kill him once and for all. Roy re-enters the HTV system to save Helen, bringing his own remote control with him, allowing him to control their journey. Roy battles Spike in a climatic chase across the HTV system shows from "Star Deathtreck: The Next Generation", to "Driving Over Miss Daisy" to "Underworld Professional Hockey" to a medivial show were Roy's remote control gets destroyed. With assistance from Darryl who throws a fencing sword at the sattalite dish to fight with Spike, they battle across a medivial mansion where Roy tries to get at Spike's remote control device. Roy confronts Spike in a Salt-N-Pepa music video where after both men chase Spike's remote control around, Roy finally gets a hold of it and bannishes Spike back to the medival world and uses it to save Helen from being run over by a train in the western movie. By pressing the "off" button on the remote, they are evicted from the TV set moments before it sucks their neighbor's abusive Rottweiler into the TV and it destroys itself. Spike gets eliminated by the Rottweiler in the medivial world while Crowley shows up to watch, and Pierce takes over Spike's place in the HTV control room. In the final scene, Roy, who has learned a valuable lesson after his adventure, has dramatically cut back on his TV viewing and taken a new job as a fencing teacher.
tt0105217
Crime,Drama,Horror
Dr. Carter Nix (Lithgow) is a respected child psychologist. His wife Jenny (Lolita Davidovich) is an oncologist. Carter takes time away from his flourishing practice to care for their two-year-old daughter, Amy. Jenny becomes concerned that Carter is obsessively studying their child; he regards her like a scientist tracking the development of his creation. The audience quickly learns that Carter suffers from multiple personality disorder. His multiples are Cain, a streetwise hustler, Josh, a traumatized little boy, and Margo, a middle-aged mother figure. Carter/Cain is killing young mothers to procure their babies and toddlers. In a side story we learn that Jenny is having an affair with Jack Dante (Steven Bauer), the widower of a former patient. She fell in love with him and had a relationship with her years ago, but he left her. Now he's back, and she plans to leave Carter and run off with him. When Carter accidentally discovers their tryst, he descends all the way into his madness. Carter/Cain begins leaving subtle clues for the police that Jack is the real killer. Next Carter attempts to kill Jenny by submerging her car in a lake. She pulls herself out and confronts Carter at their home. Unable to find Amy, Jenny demands Carter tell her where she is. Carter replies that she is with his father whom Jenny knows has been dead for years. Carter is apprehended for attempted murder. The police bring Dr. Lynn Waldheim (Frances Sternhagen) to interrogate him. Though enduring hypnotherapy, Dr. Waldheim interviews Carter and informs the police that she co-wrote a book with Dr. Nix Sr. called Raising Cain about a boy with multiple personality disorder. The doctors agreed that patients with MPD seemed to share certain childhood traumas, but there could be no ethical way to test these theories through direct clinical observation. Dr. Nix Sr. had extensive detailed knowledge of Cain's childhood torture, including a few taped recordings of their sessions. However, Dr. Waldheim was never allowed to meet Cain. She pieced the situation together: Dr. Nix Sr. abused his own son to gain first-hand accounts of his traumatic psychological development and study the emerging personalities. Horrified, Waldheim quit the project. During interrogation, the "Carter" personality disappears, and "Margo" (the mother) and "Josh" (the child) act and speak for him. Josh recites a rhyme: "Hickory dickory dock. Cain has picked his lock. He did a bad deed now Josh comes to bleed. Hickory dickory dock." With this, Josh vanishes, and Margo assumes control of the body. She stonewalls Waldheim from any further questioning. Eventually, Carter/Cain break from their confines. They pounce upon Dr. Waldheim, knocking her unconscious, stealing her wig, dress, and coat. "They" then leave the building disguised as her. The police soon find Waldheim on the floor of an interview room begging them to arrest Carter before any children are harmed. In fact, Dr. Nix, Sr. (also played by Lithgow) is alive, having faked his own death to elude prosecution for attempting to buy babies. He has established a new identity and a clandestine research facility in Norway. He has been using Carter and his multiples to procure the children so he will have an adequate control group to study the development of MPD. Jenny follows who she thinks is Waldheim to a motel, but it's actually Carter/Cain. She follows Carter/Cain, who is now Margo in Waldheim's wig and clothes, into an elevator. When it opens, she sees Dr. Nix Sr. with her daughter Amy. While Jenny begs for Nix Sr. to give back her daughter, Carter/Cain/Margo stabs "their" father from behind. Shortly afterward, Jack arrives with the police, and Carter/Cain/Margo disappears. The movie ends with Jenny and Amy in a park. Amy plays alone while Jenny chats with another mother. Soon Amy runs off into the woods saying "Daddy, Daddy". Jenny calls for her and follows into the woods. She shortly after finds Amy, who says her father has gone away. When Jenny bends down to pick Amy up, Carter appears behind her in a wig and a dress; Margo is now in control. Jenny holds Amy in her arms, oblivious to who is behind her.
tt0114609
Crime,Horror,Thriller
In South Central, Los Angeles, a trio gang of drug dealers, Stack (Joe Torry), Ball (De'aundre Bonds) and Bulldog (Samuel Monroe Jr.), arrive at Simms' Funeral Home to purchase some drugs from Mr. Simms (Clarence Williams III), the mortuary's eccentric owner. Mr. Simms claims that he found the drugs in an alley and has them safely stored in the mortuary. He asks the dealers to help him get the drugs and, as the four make their way through the building, relates stories about some of his recent "customers". The first casket contains the body of a man named Clarence. "Rogue Cop Revelation" During his first night on the job, young black police officer Clarence Smith (Anthony Griffith) is taken by his new partner, Newton (Michael Massee), to the scene of what initially appears to be a routine traffic stop of a well-dressed black man. When Clarence runs the car's license plates, he learns that the man is in fact Martin Moorehouse (Tom Wright), a city councilman and black rights activist who has recently been on a crusade against police corruption. Clarence watches in horror as Newton, along with fellow officers Billy (Duane Whitaker) and Strom (Wings Hauser), brutally beat Moorehouse with their nightsticks and vandalize his car. When Clarence insists that Moorehouse should be taken to a hospital, two of the officers appear to agree. Clarence tells Newton that Billy and Strom should be reported for what they did, but Newton tells Clarence that officers are not to break "the code". Strom and Billy drive Moorehouse' car to the docks. Strom shoots the battered Moorehouse up with heroin, plants some in his car, then pushes it into the water with Moorehouse still inside. Moorehouse is posthumously labeled a hypocrite. One year later, Clarence has left the police force and is now a guilt-consumed drunk. On a walk in his neighborhood, he sees a mural of Moorehouse. Clarence then has a vision of a crucified Moorehouse haunting him with the words "Bring them to me!" In response, Clarence convinces the three police officers involved in the death to meet him at Moorehouse's grave. Once there, the officers begin to insult Moorehouse, with Strom urinating on Moorehouse's grave and then ordering Billy to do the same thing. As Newton and Strom prepare to kill Clarence, a zombie-like Moorehouse bursts from the grave to drag Billy beneath the ground by his genitals. Moorehouse's coffin bursts from the ground, opening to reveal Billy's mutilated corpse with Moorehouse clutching Billy's still-beating heart. Strom and Newton flee in horror. A lengthy chase ensues, with the two cops fleeing by patrol car. As Newton is driving the vehicle, Moorehouse jumps on top of the vehicle and decapitates Strom. Terrified, Newton exits his vehicle. With Moorehouse still on top of the patrol car and carrying Strom's head, Newton shoots the gas tank, causing the patrol car to explode. Moorehouse then chases Newton into an alley, where he telekinetically throws used hypodermic needles into the cop's body, pinning him to a wall mural. After Newton is killed, his body melts into the mural, becoming a painting of himself crucified. His vengeance nearly complete, Moorehouse accosts Clarence, asking him why he did not help him when he was being beaten. The story ends with Clarence in a mental hospital. Two orderlies outside his cell mention that he killed the officers and that he used to be an officer himself. Moorehouse is never mentioned. Stack, Ball, and Bulldog think Mr. Simms is crazy after hearing the story. After they look at the second casket, Mr. Simms tells them about a boy named Walter. "Boys Do Get Bruised" Walter Johnson (Brandon Hammond) is a quiet and sensitive boy who shows up to school one day with bruises around his cheek and eye. Walter's caring teacher, Richard Garvy (Rusty Cundieff), notices the bruises and asks what happened; Walter claims that he was attacked by a monster. A few days later he again shows up with a bruised arm. While the other children play, Walter sits inside and draws a boy named Tyrone, one of the school bullies. Walter crumples the drawing up causing Tyrone to suffer spontaneous injuries. Later that night Mr. Garvy visits Walter's home and asks Walter's mother, Sissy (Paula Jai Parker), about the monster. Sissy claims that Walter's injuries are the result of his own clumsiness; she then tells Walter not to reveal anything about the monster to anyone else. As Mr. Garvy is leaving, Sissy's boyfriend, Carl (David Alan Grier) comes home: seen through Walter's imagination, the audience learns that Carl in fact is the monster. Thinking that Walter has told his teacher about him and called him a monster (a tattoo of the word "Monster" can be seen on Carl's arm), Carl terrorizes Walter and then whips Sissy with a belt when she intervenes. Mr. Garvy turns around to check on Walter and sees Carl abusing Walter and Sissy: Mr. Garvy bursts into the house and begins to fight Carl. With Carl's attention elsewhere, Walter grabs a drawing he made of the monster and begins to fold and crumple it. Carl becomes mangled, helpless and unable to accept defeat. Sissy stomps on the wadded-up paper to end the threat. Finally Mr. Garvy gives the paper to Walter, who burns it, completely immolating Carl. Sissy and Walter look on as Carl burns alive and appear to be relieved to be free from his brutal abuse. Later, Carl's burnt corpse is in the coffin in Simms' Funeral Home. Mr. Simms shows a doll, instead of a corpse, to Ball, Stack, and Bulldog, explaining that it isn't any ordinary doll. "KKK Comeuppance" Duke Metger (Corbin Bernsen) is an obnoxious and racist Southern senator (based on the real-life senator David Duke), and a former member of the Ku Klux Klan. The senator is in his office filming a campaign commercial when he sees protesters outside the office: Jewish and African-American groups have teamed up to protest against Duke for being a racist, a former Klansman, and for setting up his office at an old slave plantation. One individual, Eli (Art Evans), warns the reporter that the plantation is haunted by dolls animated by the souls of tortured slaves. Meanwhile, Duke and his African-American "image-maker" assistant Rhodie (Roger Guenveur Smith) notice a large painting of Miss Cobbs, a hoodoo witch, and her dolls. Duke says racial slurs to Rhodie, who attempts to ignore his rantings. Duke also refers to the dolls as "Negro dolls." One of the dolls is seen under the floorboard as Rhodie leaves. While Duke and Rhodie are working on Duke's media skills, Rhodie falls down the stairs to his death (it is later learned that the doll seen under the floorboard earlier was the cause). At the funeral, Eli warns Duke to leave the house before he ends up like his deceased assistant or worse. In the limo after Rhodie's funeral, Duke notices the doll and orders his African-American driver to pull over so he can throw the doll out the window into the street. Later, after noticing a blank spot on the painting, Duke comes in contact with the doll he threw out on the street and has a fight with it. When Duke throws a vase at the doll, it disappears and attacks Duke out of nowhere, trying to eat him. Duke is injured, but he manages to stop the doll by beating it with an American Flag. He also damages the painting, from which blood pours. Duke takes the doll outside to his porch and ties it to a dart board. He then blasts the doll with his shotgun and goes back inside to rant at the painting. But in the midst of his rant, Duke realizes more doll images in the painting have faded to white. After Duke begins chasing several small footsteps throughout the house, he finds the previously blasted doll in the hallway, reattaching its head. The doll attacks again and chases Duke into his office. Duke manages to lock the doll outside and tries to figure out a way to help himself. He sees that the painting has all the doll images faded to white. Terrified, Duke turns around to see an army of dolls. He covers himself in the American flag as the dolls converge and devour him. Miss Cobbs then disappears from the painting and manifests herself in the room, holding the first doll in her arms. Satisfied, they both smile as they witness the carnage taking place before them. Back in the present, the dealers are getting impatient and want the drugs they came for, not wanting to listen to any more of Mr. Simms' strange stories. Ball notices a corpse in another room alerts the others to come and see it. When Simms asks them if they knew the man, Bulldog says it was just someone they had seen around their neighborhood. Mr. Simms explains the final moments of the man known as Crazy K. "Hard-Core Convert" Jerome "Crazy K" Johns (Lamont Bentley) is a violent gang member and homicidal psychopath who has killed many people mercilessly. He is driving down the streets of Los Angeles in his Mustang. Coming to a stoplight, he notices the car of an enemy he's been trying to kill for a long time and follows him. Crazy K parks in a neighborhood and has a brief argument with the enemy, then shoots him. In retaliation, three other men attack from a house nearby. The men shoot Crazy K, and just as they are about to kill him, the police arrive at the scene. Due to one of the shooters firing at the police officers, all three gunmen are shot and killed by the officers. Crazy K is badly injured but survives, only to get arrested and sent to prison. As described by a prison guard Crazy K has received a life sentence for suspicion of murder three times along with other charges. Dr. Cushing (Rosalind Cash in her final film role before her death) arrives at the prison and transfers Crazy K to another facility, hidden deep underground. Crazy K meets an inmate (Rick Dean) who is a homicidal white supremacist and raves about killing black people and the end of days for blacks, which upsets Crazy K and causes him to punch him in the face. Then the man asks Crazy K the races of the victims he killed, silencing Crazy K because he, in fact, is guilty of killing African-Americans. The man grows fond of Crazy K and he tells him that there will be a few black people who will be spared as long as they think like him. After speaking to the man, Dr. Cushing reveals that she put him there to meet someone who is just like him. Crazy K is put through a process of torture to have him learn the consequences of his actions. Dr. Cushing tries to make him a new man and help change his violent life of murder. His head (with K printed on the front) is shaved off and he is "clean" if he regrets all his violent actions on other people. Crazy K is put through a slideshow of images involving the KKK and victims of lynching along with gory footage of gang violence and warfare along with a montage showing all those he has killed. Dr. Cushing goes into fact that Crazy K killed many innocent African Americans without remorse or second thought. Crazy K is put through the next stage, in which he is put in a sensory deprivation chamber. He is confronted by all the souls of his victims and must explain why he killed them. He keeps giving true or false answers until it eventually leads to a young and innocent little girl who had nothing to do with Crazy K; she was killed when a bullet from Crazy K's gun came through her wall and hit her in the chest. Crazy K doesn't accept responsibility. Dr. Cushing warns him that he won't get another chance for forgiveness. The souls haunt him more and more, but Crazy K grows increasingly uncaring of his actions. Having refused a chance for redemption for his sins, he is transported back to the moment when he was shot. Crazy K is brutally shot dead by the three gunmen, and the story ends with his corpse lying abandoned on the street. "Welcome To My Mortuary" (ending) When the fourth and last story ends, the three drug dealers are revealed to be Crazy K's killers. They become angry and demand to know how Simms knows of their murder as they threaten to kill him and demand their drugs. Simms leads them deep into the funeral home and tells them their "reward" is in three closed caskets, each of which has their corpses inside. The dealers are terrified to learn that they are dead; at the whim of Simms their guns burn red hot, forcing the dealers to drop them. Simms explains that after killing Crazy K, some of Crazy K's "boys" killed them in retaliation. Bulldog then asks Simms why they are still alive if they are dead. Simms, growing more eccentric by the second, tells them that they are not in a funeral home, but in Hell. He transforms into Satan, and the walls of the funeral home shatter, revealing the fiery reality of where they had been all along. The drug dealers scream in horror at Simms' transformation into the Devil. Their fate is to burn in eternal damnation along with others, as Satan laughs.
tt0109504
Comedy,Drama
Set in the early 1970s in a racially mixed New York City neighborhood, nine-year-old Troy (Zelda Harris) and her older brothers Clinton (Carlton Williams), Wendell (Sharif Rashed), Nate (Chris Knowings), and her younger brother, Joseph (Tse-Mach Washington) are introduced as their father Woody (Delroy Lindo) is blowing a horn to call them in from playing to eat dinner. Their mother, Carolyn (Alfre Woodard) is introduced as well. Dinner takes place during which we find out that the Carmichaels' next-door neighbor, "Tony Eyes" (David Patrick Kelly) seems to be somewhat of a nuisance to the family, which includes continuously singing while they are eating dinner. During the dinner, Carolyn tells the children to clean the kitchen before they go to bed as she is going out with Woody for the night and the children need to start pulling their own weight. Troy urinates in her brothers' room while she is asleep, but Nate wakes her up. Carolyn comes home and comedically wakes all of the children up out of their sleep because the kitchen was not cleaned. There's some argument naturally on the part of the children to which Clinton says, "I'd rather have a father than a mother any day". The neighborhood junkie drug dealers are introduced: Snuffy (Spike Lee) and Right Hand Man (N. Jeremi Duru), who are glue sniffers. Tommy La La (José Zúñiga), Clinton, Nate and a couple of their neighborhood friends are sitting on the Carmichael stoop while listening to the radio and playing a baseball board game. Tommy La La takes a bottle and throws it at the door of Tony Eyes while yelling homophobic slurs. This starts an argument because Clinton says the Carmichael children always get blamed for the mess on his property. The argument ends as Vic Powell (Isaiah Washington), a Vietnam war vet, comes home and greets everyone. Vic is renting the upstairs apartment from the Carmichaels. Troy and her friends are sitting on a stoop at the same time having on and off arguments before deciding to jump-rope. Some neighborhood boys lure a cat away from a doorstep while the girls are jump-roping. One kid swings the cat over his head by its tail and throws it on one of the girls. This starts another argument and shoving match between the girls and the boys. Troy singles out one the boys, Greg (Peewee Love) for being a "welfare case" and calls him a "stupid ass dummy." Nate is sitting at the table with Carolyn standing over him waiting for him to finish his black-eyed peas. Woody comes home with ice cream and sand cake for dessert. Nate is happy until Carolyn tells him that he isn't getting any dessert until he finishes his black eyed peas. This causes his brothers to make fun of him and rub it in his face telling him how good their cake is. Joseph's cake is eaten by the family dog Mutley, so Nate's piece of cake is split in half by Woody to share between Nate and Joseph. Carolyn, tired of standing at the table waiting for Nate to eat, tells him one last time to finish his black-eyed-peas. Nate finally takes a bite of them and promptly throws up, which causes everyone runs from the table. Wendell is taking the trash out and decides to take some of it in Tony Eyes' area. Carolyn comes out to see what is wrong, and Tony Eyes tells her that Wendell and her kids are always throwing trash into his area. Carolyn responds by telling him that he and his home are nasty. The arguments continue as the neighborhood kids jump in. Tony Eyes is still yelling and arguing when Vic comes downstairs and tells him to shut up. In anger, he punches Tony in the face and goes back into the house. Troy sneaks out and goes to the corner store to get candy. While in the store, she is intrigued by a woman (RuPaul) and one of the store owners dancing erotically in the store. As Troy leaves the store to walk back home, she sees Vic getting arrested for punching Tony Eyes. Troy gets back home and her brothers bully her into sharing her candy. Clinton and Wendell want to watch the Knicks game but because they are outnumbered, they are stuck watching The Partridge Family which they dislike. Troy and her friend, Minnie (Tiasha Reyes), go to the neighborhood store where Minnie steals an ice cream bar by putting it under her shirt and walking out. Troy tries to do the same thing with a bag of potato chips, but she gets caught. The boys are sitting in Troy's room watching the Knicks game while Troy is in the bathroom stuffing her shirt with toilet paper. Woody and Carolyn are downstairs arguing because Woody's music is not providing for the family and Carolyn, a schoolteacher is the sole provider. They are also arguing because Woody caused the family to have bounced checks. The argument escalates as Carolyn yells upstairs for the children to turn off the TV because it is a school night. She charges upstairs with Woody following and turns off the TV. A defiant Clinton argues with Carolyn and turns on the TV. Carolyn grabs him up for disobeying and disrespecting her and Woody grabs her and carries her out of the room. Everyone is in on the fight as Woody is dragging Carolyn down the stairs and Nate is jumping on Woody's back. The other children have a hold of Carolyn pulling her in the opposite direction and Carolyn hurts her ankle in the struggle. Woody yells and everyone gets quiet as he expresses his need to respect for his work in the house. Carolyn kicks him out of the house. Woody comes over the next morning and brings flowers for Troy to give to Carolyn. Troy suggests that Woody ask Carolyn out on a date. Troy brings the flowers to Carolyn, who is still in bed and hurt, and asks Carolyn for a quarter. The next scene shows Troy searching the house for money and she goes into Clinton's room and finds his buffalo nickels and takes them all for cash, as well as taking his Knicks tickets for starting the fight between their parents. With the stolen money, Troy buys herself and Minnie ice cream cones. Clinton comes home and upon discovering his tickets are gone confronts Troy about them. She gives them back but also tells him that she spent "those funny looking nickels of yours also." After coming in from playing outside, Troy is confronted by Carolyn about the nickels to which Troy lies to her twice. While Troy is in the bathroom, Greg comes to Carolyn who is sitting by the window and tells her all the mean things that Troy has been saying about him. Troy has to apologize to him for all the ugly things she said about him. Carolyn sends Troy to the store to get dinner with food stamps. Troy, embarrassed, doesn't want to go. In the store, Tory steals a package of meat and 6 cloves of garlic by hiding them in her shirt so she won't have to use food stamps. She witnesses a neighborhood girl, Peanut (Kewanna Bonaparte) getting caught for shoplifting. As Troy leaves, she is attacked by Peanut, but the grocer breaks up the fight and Troy heads for home, without the food stamps. That night, Troy has a nightmare that Snuffy and Right Hand Man make her get high. She wakes up in a sweat with Woody wiping her face, assuring her that everything is going to be ok. Woody and Carolyn get back together and they all decide to go on a trip to get out of the neighborhood but as they are leaving a worker from Con Ed comes by to shut off the electricity because the bill is unpaid. The trip is postponed and because of the situation, the family has to use candles for light. A few days later, the family leaves Brooklyn to take Nate and Troy down South to stay with relatives. Troy stays with her cousin Viola (Patriece Nelson), who was adopted by Uncle Clem (Norman Matlock) and Aunt Song (Frances Foster). Troy doesn't want to stay, but she does it to appease her mother. Troy eventually starts having fun with Viola despite a dislike of Aunt Song and her beloved dog, Queenie. On Troy's 10th birthday, she gets a letter from Carolyn (who narrates it) telling her about the happenings in the neighborhood since the weeks she's been away. After reading the letter, Troy decides she wants to go home. Meanwhile, Aunt Song has been looking for Queenie all day, but to no avail. Later that day, Troy has a birthday party. Upset because she hasn't found Queenie, Aunt Song snaps at two of Troy's birthday\sleepover guests as she pulls the couch out for them to sleep on. When she opens the couch, a dead Queenie (likely killed by Viola) pops out which deeply upsets Aunt Song. Troy later goes home and is picked up from the airport by her Aunt Maxine (Joie Lee) and Uncle Brown (Vondie Curtis-Hall). Aunt Maxine and Uncle Brown don't tell Troy at first how Carolyn is, but Troy figures out that Carolyn is ill. She visits Carolyn in the hospital, who is weak and ill from cancer. Later, Woody takes Troy home and Troy decides to clean & mop the kitchen without being told. Later that evening, Woody tells the kids that Carolyn's condition is not well and she has to stay in the hospital for more tests. The boys cry, but Troy remains silent. In the next scene, it is presumed that Carolyn succumbed to her illness. Nate and Joseph are walking up some stairs with Troy following behind, singing a Christian song she learned from Viola. Joseph says, "I hope we don't have to dress up for Mommy's funeral." As Troy watches television, Aunt Maxine comes in with clothes and shoes for Troy to wear at the funeral. Troy doesn't say anything until Aunt Maxine tries to coax her into putting on the clothes. Troy's response is that her mother would never let her wear polyester. When Woody tells Troy it is time to go to the funeral, Troy tells him she is not going. Woody has a talk with Troy, convincing her to go to church because it's what Carolyn would've wanted. At the house gathering after the funeral, Clinton and Troy have a moment when he tries to get Troy to talk, and holds her hand because she's unresponsive to everyone else around her. Joseph comes inside crying, saying that Snuffy and Right Hand Man are making fun of him saying, "His mama's dead, his mama's dead" and they robbed him. Following her mother's wishes to protect her younger brother, Troy goes outside with a baseball bat and hits Snuffy in the head. When Snuffy asks her why she did it, Troy tells him, "I'm tired of you and Right Hand terrorizing the neighborhood. Go sniff on your own block." In the middle of the night, Troy is sleeping, but she is restless as she dreams she's hearing her mother's voice shouting. She goes downstairs to tell her mother to please stop fighting only to find that it is her father who is making a lot of noise trying to kill a rat in the kitchen. Woody tells her that her mother is gone and that it's ok to cry. Troy runs to the bathroom and throws up as Woody comes into the bathroom to console her. Troy tells him that she wants to stay with him and not move away with her Aunt Maxine and Uncle Brown. Troy asks Woody if Carolyn was in a lot of pain, and he tells her that she was. Troy states, "Then it's good that she died so she wouldn't suffer anymore. There are scenes of the neighborhood continuing to play much like the beginning of the movie. Troy is sitting in Carolyn's chair with Joseph sitting on her while she combs his hair the way Carolyn did. Then, Carolyn is sitting the stoop seemingly narrating a letter she wrote to Troy telling her she can't believe that she's 10 now, that she misses her very much, and how she's proud of the way she's growing up. The memory is interrupted when the neighborhood kids come to the window and asks Troy if Joseph can come out and play. Troy tells him not to go far because dinner is almost ready. The last scene is of the neighborhood being watched by Troy as she's looking out the window much like Carolyn used to do.
tt1087853
Comedy,Horror,Sport
The film opens at Xcalibur Bowling Centre, a disco-themed bowling alley in Surrey, British Columbia. Egerton (Dan Ellis), the janitor, has allowed two groups of teenagers to bowl against one another after hours. The "prep", Steve (Alistair Gamble), is still bitter after his best friend Jamie (Nathan Witte), the "jock", had sex with Lisa (Candice Lewald), a girl with whom Steve was smitten and even took to their senior prom. After Steve and his friends Joey (Wade Gibb), Patrick (Trevor Gemma) and A.J. (Nathan Dashwood) harass the "tranny", Sam (Jimmy Blais), they are chastised by Jamie. This leads to a brawl between Steve's team and Jamie's. Lisa breaks up the fight by dropping a bowling ball on Steve's foot just as Steve is about to kick Jamie again. Egerton, brandishing a shotgun, tells the teenagers to leave and they can continue their tournament the following night. Lisa, having forgot her purse in the arcade, returns to find Steve and his friends waiting for her. Steve proceeds to violently rape Lisa while the others watch. Egerton is oblivious to Lisa's cries for help, as he is downstairs cleaning up the mess the teenagers made. After he is finished raping Lisa, Steve leaves the room. A.J. and Joey rape Lisa on the pool table while Steve is gone. Patrick, who believed the three were only going to "scare" Lisa, refuses to participate in the rape. Steve returns with a bowling pin and prepares to insert it into Lisa's vagina before Patrick intervenes. Steve retorts by giving Patrick the pin and ordering him to do it himself. Patrick refuses to do so at first but complies when Steve threatens to do the same to him. The four leave Lisa on the pool table, naked and barely conscious. The following night, the two groups arrive at the bowling alley to continue their tournament. Steve is joined by his "bitches", Julia (Danielle Munro) and Hannah (Saraphina Bardeaux). Jamie arrives late with Lisa, who barely speaks and wears sunglasses to hide her bruised eyes. As the teams begin their first game of the night, Lisa suddenly gets on an elevator. She is confronted by Patrick, who says he's only at the bowling alley to apologize. Lisa doesn't believe him, and insists that he is only there to make sure that she hasn't contacted the police. The players notice a mystery player on the scoreboard, BBK, but believe it is just a glitch. Dave (Scott Alonzo), one of Jamie's friends, meets Julia in the bar and pays for two beers she ordered. When he discovers that one of them belongs to Steve, he asks if he can urinate in it. Julia tells him that she doesn't care and that she dislikes Steve too but hangs out with him anyways because he's dating her friend Hannah. Julia follows Dave into the bathroom and the two begin to make out. A mysterious person wearing bowling attire and a bowling ball bag over his head with two small holes cut out for eyes, exits one of the stalls while Dave and Julia are in the "69" position and forces Julia's head further onto Dave's penis while forcing Dave's head further between Julia's legs, suffocating them both. After they are dead, two strikes appear next to BBK on the scoreboard in the form of a skull and crossbones. The game continues and Sam excuses herself to the bathroom so she can "freshen up." The person who murdered Dave and Julia is hiding in one of the stalls when Sam enters the girls' restroom and Sam, frightened by the noise coming from the stall, approaches it and is pulled inside. She tries to bargain with the killer, but the killer murders her by forcing a bowling pin down her throat. The killer lifts up Sam's skirt and, using the switchblade Sam tried to defend herself with, cuts Sam's penis lengthwise, giving her a "mangina." Ben (Jeremy Beland) and Cindy (Stephanie Schacter) leave to have sex in a storage room upstairs, but Ben leaves Cindy alone to get a condom from the bathroom. He dies when the killer hits him over the head with a bowling pin and gouges his eyes out with a sharpened pin. The killer finds Cindy upstairs and strangles her to death with a pair of shoelaces from bowling sneakers. Downstairs, Hannah searches for Julia but dies when the killer crushes her head with two bowling balls. Joey goes back behind the pin setters to fix his team's, which they notice is broken. A.J. notices the strikes appearing next to BBK on the scoreboard and questions Egerton about it, who assures him that it is just a glitch. Egerton sends A.J. to an area currently being remodeled with an "out of order" sign to put on an automatic ball polisher that Joey broke earlier. A.J. turns the ball polisher on and finds it already fixed but dies when the killer uses it to wax his face off. Steve, noticing that something is amiss, leaves to find Joey behind the pin setters. Joey lies dead on the ground, headless. Steve is frightened by the killer, who bludgeons him with a bowling pin before sodomizing him with a sharpened pin. As Steve tries to crawl away, the killer smashes his head in with the bowling pin. Meanwhile, Sarah and Jamie continue their game. Jamie reaches into the ball return slot to find his bowling ball, instead discovering Joey's severed head. The two try desperately to escape the bowling alley before coming face to face with the killer. While searching for a way out, Jamie and Sarah run and hide in the basement, where they find all of their friends' bodies. The killer appears with a shotgun and removes the bowling bag to reveal Egerton's face. Sarah discovers that Jamie knew about the murders of Steve, Joey and A.J. but not the others. Lisa appears, dressed up as well in the same bowling attire costume, revealing it was she that murdered Steve, but Egerton murdered everyone else. Jamie explains that Lisa told her father, who turns out to be Egerton, about the gang rape and Egerton let Jamie in on the plan. When asked why he killed their friends too, Egerton explains that they didn't intervene when Lisa reentered the bowling alley alone and are therefore just as guilty. Just then, yet another person dressed like the killer or "BBK", as Egerton goes on to explain, enters the basement and removes the bowling bag to reveal Patrick's face. Patrick explains that he confessed his involvement to Egerton and wanted to contact the police, but Egerton let him in on the plan instead and he was the person who murdered Joey and A.J., supposedly to make it up to her. Lisa is furious that her father allowed him to live so Egerton betrays Patrick and slits his throat with the switchblade he took from Sam. Jamie, realizing he's out of control, wrestles Egerton to the ground and, after a scuffle, blows his head clean off with the shotgun. Lisa cradles her father's body before grabbing the switchblade and trying to attack Jamie. Sarah grabs the shotgun and kills Lisa. Sarah shoots the locks off of the emergency doors and the two survivors escape the bowling alley. As dawn begins to break, the blood-splattered Sarah and Jamie walk away. Traumatized and, above all, upset that Jamie did nothing to prevent the murders, Sarah turns the gun on him. The screen cuts to black and a gunshot is heard.
tt0116414
Comedy,Drama
In Manhattan, New York City, Judy, also known as Girl 6 (Theresa Randle), is at a very awkward audition with Quentin Tarantino. Judy seems to grin and bear it. Tarantino reveals that the film Judy is auditioning for is "the greatest romantic, African-American film ever made. Directed by me, of course." However, Judy grows suspicious of the audition, when "Q.T.", tells her that "Wesley, Denzel, and Fishburne" are signed up to play supporting roles. Judy seems to keep her cool until it is requested that she remove her blouse so "Q.T." and his assistant can see her breasts. She reluctantly complies, but not for long. She walks out on the audition. Her agent (John Turturro) is furious. Having worked hard to get Judy her audition with such a prestigious director, he quickly and angrily drops her from his roster of clients. Her melodramatic acting coach (Susan Batson) is also extremely displeased. When Judy tells her why she did not go through with the audition, the acting coach still does not see any reason why Judy should have walked out. This, topped with the fact that Judy has not paid her rent in a very long while, forces her to drop Judy from her roster of clients as well. Now unable to secure acting work, Judy must find a way to make ends meet. She tries a number of jobs: passing out fliers, waiting tables at a club, etc. At one point she agrees to be an extra on a movie set. However, it is cold and unpleasant, as is the director. Judy is sick with a cold, and still trying to secure work. While reading a newspaper, she sees an ad for a "friendly phone line", as well as one with the headline, "mo money, mo money, mo money". She circles them both. This brings her to a meeting at a phone sex office. She meets the boss (Jenifer Lewis), who seems to be an assertive but friendly woman. The two click and the "audition" goes over just fine. The boss, now known as Lil, says that although she can't promise anything, she'll put in the good word for Judy. Judy also goes to another meeting, but the boss there wants her to do more visually related work, so she declines. Then, she attends another meeting, at a strip club/phone sex line with a relaxed boss (Madonna). She would take the job, but the content allowed for on-line discussion is a bit too heavy for her taste. She decides to stick to her original application with Lil. We now look in on Judy's dissolved relationship with her kleptomaniac ex-husband (Isaiah Washington), as well as her relationship with her baseball-memorabilia obsessed best friend, Jimmy (Spike Lee). Jimmy is reliant on his collection for money, but until it accumulates enough age to be worth money, he gets his rent money from Judy. Throughout the film, the phone sex line, having been secured at Lil's company, begins to take its mental toll on the newly christened Girl 6. She has to pretend to be white for all her clients unless they specifically request a black girl. She trusts her clients too much at times, and even agrees to meet one of her callers at Coney Island, but when he sees that she is not white he passes by her bench and ignores her when she calls out to him and pretends he isn't the man she was meeting. It is visible to everybody, especially Lil and Jimmy, that Judy is having a breakdown. The movie culminates in a dark sequence in which she enters a snuff fantasy with a caller (Michael Imperioli). It becomes serious when she discovers the caller knows where she lives. Running upstairs for shelter with Jimmy, she decides that it is time to leave the phone sex career behind and get her acting career in motion. Finally reconciling with her ex, she decides to move to Los Angeles. Oddly enough once in California, Judy attends another audition in which she experiences the same problem as the one with "Q.T." She again walks out. However, it is clear that Girl 6 has reclaimed her dignity, and will find work sooner or later. On that hopeful note, the film comes to a close.
tt0119718
Adventure,Comedy,Family
Mr. Quincy Magoo (Leslie Nielsen), a wealthy canned vegetable factory owner, goes to the museum to attend a party. While there, Waldo (Matt Keeslar), Mr. Magoo's nephew, spies a woman named Stacey Sampanahoditra (Jennifer Garner), on whom he develops a crush. Later that night, jewel thieves Luanne LeSeur (Kelly Lynch) and Bob Morgan (Nick Chinlund) steal the museum's beautiful ruby "The Star of Kuristan" and escape on a boat to Austin Cloquet (Malcolm McDowell), Bob's boss. Meanwhile, Mr. Magoo and his dog Angus go fishing in the same area as the jewel thieves' boat. Luanne picks a fight with Bob and in the scuffle, they lose the ruby which lands in Mr. Magoo's boat unbeknownst to Magoo. Bob goes after the ruby but fails by falling onto the paddle wheel of a paddle boat. At the museum, the curator and Stacey send two agents: Gustav Anders of the CIA (Ernie Hudson) and Chuck Stupak of the FBI (Stephen Tobolowsky) to track down the ruby and spy on Mr. Magoo whom they believe stole the ruby. Stacey mentions she was invited to the opera where the Magoos go that night. Anders and Stupak also visit the opera to look for Mr. Magoo who is in the show. At the opera Mr. Magoo meets Luanne who pretends to be a magazine reporter named Prunella Pagliachi. She wishes Mr. Magoo luck at the opera, who immediately takes a liking to her. Stupak sneaks on the stage and fails to find any clue about Mr. Magoo with Mr. Magoo accidentally hitting Stupak with a big tool. The next morning, Luanne tricks Mr. Magoo into taking her to his house with an injured ankle. Stupak finds a notebook with Luanne's fingerprints on it and realizes who Mr. Magoo is with. He and Anders go to Mr. Magoo's house where Stupak sneaks in looking for the ruby. Mr. Magoo and Luanne arrive at the house and Stupak hides from them. Bob sneaks into Mr. Magoo's house and finds the ruby. Upon being caught in the act, he steals Mr. Magoo's prized Studebaker with the Magoos and Luanne chasing after him in Magoo's Eggplant-mobile. Bob loses them and brings the ruby to Austin. Austin plans an auction for his criminal friends from around the world and shows them the ruby. Mr. Magoo disguises himself as Ortega Peru, a thief from Brazil who never goes anywhere and joins the auction which is taking place in a communal indoor pool. However he is discovered when the fake tattoo on his chest is washed away by the water. Luanne breaks up the auction, steals the ruby, and escapes on a snow mobile away from the lair. The government arrests Austin and his friends while Mr. Magoo gives chase on an ironing board and winds up in the middle of a women's skiing competition. Waldo and Angus sneak out of the lair, catch up with Magoo, and track down the ruby. Angus sees Luanne in disguise as an old woman and spills her purse which gives Mr. Magoo and Waldo a clue about where Luanne is going. The Magoos follow Luanne to Brazil where Waldo spies on the real Ortega (Miguel Ferrer) and his friends. Mr. Magoo steals a bride dress from Ortega's girlfriend Rosita (Monique Rusu) and is led to the wedding. Mr. Magoo steals the ruby from Ortega and finds himself being chased by Peru's men, the government agents and Luanne. Magoo then is trapped on a raft just before it goes over a waterfall but manages to invert the raft like a parachute so he can gently float to safety. He and Waldo return the ruby to the museum with the government arresting Ortega, Luanne and the people from Brazil. Mr. Magoo and Angus go home after returning the ruby back to the museum.
tt0118829
Animation,Comedy,Family
Fresh off the bus from Kokomo, Indiana, a cat named Danny has one dream: to become a movie star in the glamorous world of Hollywood. However, unknown to Danny, is that animals have no leverage in show business, and fulfill minor and often thankless roles. Wandering into a talent agency, Danny is signed onto a role in child star Darla Dimple's next film, "Little Ark-Angel." At the filming, he meets a number of other animals, who try to temper his enthusiasm. One of them is Sawyer, a white cat whom Danny is paired with for the film's big production number. However, Danny is not content with his one-worded script ("Meow"), and tries to add some panache to his role. This ends up infuriating Darla Dimples, who calls on her Frankenstein-like butler named Max, who ends up frightening Danny into submission. After the filming has wrapped, a little penguin named Pudge, who was also in the big production number, tells Danny that he enjoyed his added song-and-dance. As the two head off the studio, the sound of a piano reaches their ears, and they follow it to a small trailer, where they are introduced to Woolie Mammoth. Woolie has a musical talent, but is only kept at Mammoth Studios for the purposes of appearing in their opening title sequence. While in the trailer, Danny notices a picture of Sawyer, whom Woolie explains also has musical talent, but hides it from most people behind a tough exterior. The next day, Danny and some other animals create a small song-and-dance routine while waiting for the film production to get underway. As Sawyer arrives, she begins to get with the beat, and the rhythm even reaches the ears of Darla, who is getting made-up nearby. Darla listens in, and hears Danny mention that he could maybe tell the studio head, L.B. Mammoth, about the talent they (as animals) have. Darla then decides to invite Danny to her mansion for tea. At her mansion, Darla 'tricks' Danny into believing that she wants to help him and the other animals. Promising use of the "Little Ark-Angel" movie set. The next day, as the animals are on the movie set, Darla and Max sabotage the stage, causing the water system to overflow, causing the animals to damage the set, just as L.B. Mammoth is holding a press conference for the new Darla Dimples picture. Infuriated by what has happened, the entire animal staff are kicked off the lot. With no jobs, many of the animal actors are now on the streets, and with his dream seemingly dashed, Danny gets on a bus to return to Kokomo, Indiana. However, several blocks into the trip, Danny has a second thought, and gets off. Finding Pudge the Penguin, they sneak into the studio's mailroom, and send invites to all the animal actors for the premiere of Darla's new film. During the production, Danny again plans to show the human public that animals are talented, and intends to take the stage once the film premiere is over. However, Darla's butler Max senses something, and finds Danny, chasing him to the roof of the theater. Things turn in Danny's favor, when Max gets entangled in a giant inflatable balloon resembling Darla, and is sent aloft. Danny races back to the theater, where several of the animals have appeared onstage. They then begin to sing and dance for the audience. During the production, Darla sneaks backstage, attempting to sabotage the performance, but in the end, all her tricks end up improving it, til' at the very end, the audience gives the animals a standing ovation! Once the musical number ends, Darla angrily rushes onto the stage, proclaiming that she is the star, and offhandedly admits that it was she who flooded the stage at the studios. Darla realizes she's in error, but it's too late. The film ends with L.B. Mammoth signing the animals back to the studio, and placing them in high-profile pictures as the lead actors.
tt0162983
Comedy,Drama
Set in New York City, the film follows three Mozell sisters, who deal with their self-obsessed lives and hang up on others in phone conversations. The eldest sister Georgia (Diane Keaton) (age 50), is single and runs a successful women's magazine in NYC. The youngest sister Maddy (Lisa Kudrow) (age 34) is also single and a not-very-bright nobody who has just landed her big break as a soap opera actress. Middle child Eve (Meg Ryan) (age 39) is an event planner living in Los Angeles with a husband named Joe Marks (Adam Arkin) and their young teenage son Jesse, and spends most of her time worrying that her ailing and cantankerous 79-year-old father, Lou Mozell (Walter Matthau), will die at any minute. Much of the story proceeds around phone calls the three sisters make to each other (rudely hanging up on each other without saying good-bye), and calls that Lou makes to Eve. Eve places Lou in the hospital for tests because he has been having memory problems. He recalls his days writing a screenplay with his wife for a John Wayne movie. His wife, the daughters mother, left them in the 1980s because she no longer loved him and felt she did not make it as a mother. Eve tends to Lou in the hospital, whose senility is becoming more evident. At one point, Lou even comes on to Eve, thinking she is a past love named Cleo. In a flashback to 11 years ago in 1988, Eve remembers when she and her sisters came to visit Lou for Christmas, and found him in bed with their female dental hygienist. Afterwords, Lou gets sad and says he misses his wife. Eve goes off to visit her mom Pat (Cloris Leachman), asking her to return to Lou, but she is adamant about her reasons for leaving. She does not care that Lou recently tried to kill himself. Eve returns to their house and goes out with Lou to get a Christmas tree, which cheers him up. In the present day, Maddy brings a huge St. Bernard dog to visit Eve. Some hilarity ensues. Meanwhile, Lou wanders out of the hospital back to their old house, and Eve comes to pick him up. In another flashback to six years earlier, Eve remembers Halloween in 1993. She throws a big costume party for her son Jesse, but Lou shows up drunk and ruins the party. He insults her and she throws him out. In the present, Lou has a "mini-stroke" as Eve is dealing with planning a speech Georgia will deliver to a women's group. Georgia suggests to Eve (by phone) that Lou should sign a blank check for their needs because he has plenty of money in the bank, but he refuses. After the mother of a doctor tells Eve that she needs to let go of her estranged mother, Eve goes to Lou and lies that his wife died in an earthquake. He whispers to her, "I won." Eve gathers up all cell phones in her house and puts them in a cupboard. Georgia makes a big entrance at the women's event, then makes a surprising and insincere speech about her father dying, leaving her sisters aghast. She concludes that her generation of women are dealing with the death of their parents as they face their own mortality. Eve gets upset at Georgia and Maddy because she deals with their dad more than them. The three of them then bicker at length. They get a call that Lou has gone into a coma and rush to the hospital. After more tension between the sisters, Eve tells Georgia that she needed her help. The sisters sit by Lou's bed as Eve tries yet again to recall the name of a short blonde actress from the 1950s who always played sad roles. Lou becomes conscious for a second and says, "June Allyson." The sisters are thrilled that he is right, but just as suddenly as he spoke, his heart stops beating. A nurse comes in to find he has no pulse, and he dies before their eyes. In the final scene, some months later at Thanksgiving, the three sisters make turkey, and get into a mild food fight. Eve has another memory of her father, this time dancing with his daughters and wife.
tt0399862
Adventure,Biography,Drama
Mincayani (Louie Leonardo) is born into the most violent society ever documented by anthropologists, the Waodani in the eastern rainforest of Ecuador. As he grows he learns what every Waodani understands, he must spear and live or be speared and die. Mincayani's world changes when he and his family kill five missionaries, Nate Saint (Chad Allen), Jim Elliot (Sean McGowan), Ed McCully (Stephen Caudill), Pete Fleming (Matt Lutz) and Roger Youderian (Patrick Zeller). This incident propels Mincayani's family group down an extraordinary path that culminates in them not only departing from violence, but also caring for the enemy tribe they had once violently raided. Nate Saint's son Steve (also Chad Allen) was a boy when his father and friends were killed. He returns to the Waodani as an adult and finally learns from Mincayani what happened during the last minutes of his father's life. Together Mincayani and Steve find what Nate accomplished in his death gave them both a new life and Steve's family becomes part of Mincayani's family.
tt0210567
Drama,Comedy
Determined to win the Miss American Miss pageant, Mona is ready to sacrifice anything and everything to guarantee herself the crown including her own daughter! She manages to persuade her best bud to raise the kid as her own (Miss AM can't be a mom), but just when this beauty-queen wannabe thinks her prize is in sight, she's surprised by a come-from-behind competitor. Love.
tt0120317
Action,Comedy,Crime
Patty Randall, a Sixteen-year-old girl finds life in her hometown dull until her cat, D.C. gets his paws on a vital clue to a mysterious kidnapping! She wanted some excitement in her life for once and now that day has dawned. Two criminals try to kidnapp a wealthy wife and end up taking the wrong woman, an innocent maid. D.C. finds the kidnapped maid and she sends a message to the outside world on a watch placed around the feisty feline's collar. It is up to Patty, D.C. and a hapless FBI agent to find the maid and save the day! The FBI Agent gets stuck with the 'crazy teenager' who thinks her cat can solve a major crime - leading to a hilarious investigation filled with zany mishaps and misunderstandings before they finally crack the case. Christina Ricci and Doug E. Doug star.
tt0473074
Drama,Romance,Sport
The stunning Dreya Weber stars as a former top gymnast who discovers love and a new life path when she teams up with a dancer (played by former L.A. Lakers cheerleader Addie Yungmee) for an ambitious Las Vegas aerial act show.
tt0758781
Horror
Max Seed (Will Sanderson) is a serial killer responsible for the deaths of 666 people over a six year period who is on the loose. The police receive videos portraying the slow death and decomposition of creatures ranging from a cockroach, a Labrador dog, a baby, and fully-grown woman in an underground chamber. They trace the videos to the residence of Seed. Detective Matt Bishop (Michael Paré) captures Seed, Max Seed's background story is revealed that , as a boy, a reclusive and antisocial Max Seed was disfigured in a school bus crash that killed everyone else involved in it. Starting In 1973, Seed began torturing and murdering people, filming some of his victims starving to death in his locked basement, and ultimately racking up a bodycount of 666. Now in this current setting (in 1979), Seed is arrested by Detective Matt Bishop (Michael Paré) in a sting operation that claims the lives of five of Bishop's fellow officers. Seed is sentenced to death by electric chair, and incarcerated on an island prison, where he is a model inmate, only acting out when he kills three guards who try to rape him. On Seed's execution date, the electric chair fails to kill him after two shocks. Not wanting Seed to be released due to a state law that says any convicted criminal who survives three jolts of 15,000 volts each for 45 seconds walks, the prison staff and Bishop declare Seed dead, and bury him alive in the prison cemetery. A few hours later, Seed digs his way out of his grave and returns to the prison, where he kills the executioner, doctor and warden before swimming back to the main land. The next day, while investigating the massacre, Bishop realizes Seed was responsible when he discovers the serial killer's empty cemetery plot. Over the course of several months Seed resumes his killing spree, and kills dozens of more people, with one long shot showing him beating a bound woman with a chisel for five straight minutes. One day, a videotape showing Bishop's house is sent to the detective's office. Knowing this means Seed is going to go after his family, Bishop races home, finding his wife, Sandy, and eight-year-old daughter, Emily, gone, and the four officers charged with guarding the house are found dismembered in the bathroom. Driving to Seed's old house, Bishop is lured into a basement room containing a television and a video camera, and locked inside. The television turns on, and depicts Seed with Sandy and Emily in the attic. Emily informs Bishop that Seed wants Bishop to shoot himself in order to save his wife and daughter. When Bishop hesitates, Seed brutally kills Sandy by shooting her in the head with a nail gun, prompting Bishop into shooting himself in the head, believing that doing so will make Seed release his daughter. Instead, Seed takes the little girl to the room containing her father's corpse, and locks her in it. As Emily sobs for her two dead parents, the film suddenly ends with Max Seed contining to kill with no end in sight to his bloody rampage.
tt0252963
Drama,Horror,Mystery
Prologue: A trio of German soldiers working down in the tunnel system underneath the bunker encounter a mine shaft. While performing construction the lights begin to flicker and they hear movement, causing them to aim their rifles at the shaft and then to run away frantically. Main Story: In late 1944, the remnants of a platoon of German Panzergrenadiers from the Großdeutschland Division are caught in an ambush by American troops. In their retreat, during which Engels is killed, they find a bunker, manned by an old man (John Carlisle) and a young boy (Andrew-Lee Potts). Left to defend the bunker and presuming themselves surrounded by the US forces which ambushed them, they are left by Area Command "to wait until relieved". Schenke confronts Heydrich about why the group didn't counter attack the Americans, claiming that there couldn't have been too many of them. Mirus expands on the history of the area, revealing that victims of the Black Plague were massacred on the orders of a stranger who influenced the townspeople to turn against one another. Low on ammunition, the men are haunted by bad dreams, memories, and the feeling that something about the area just isn't right. As the night proceeds, strange tunnels are found beneath the bunker and the situation in the bunker becomes increasingly tense. Schenke wants to explore the tunnels, but Lt. Krupp orders against it on the rational that they are supposed to hold the bunker, not go exploring. Later, Mirus sneaks down into the tunnels. Curious, Kruezmann, one of the soldiers who had been suffering from the dreams, follows. Soon others discover them gone, and convinced that they deserted, Lt. Krupp orders a pursuit. Interrogation of Neumann reveals that Mirus had been wandering off into the tunnels for several weeks. Neumann also reveals that Mirus treats the tunnels as his own personal property, and that it was as if there was something down there that Mirus didn't want Neumann to know about. Baumann discovers a set of plans for the complex while Ebert discovers the same danger sign that was seen in the movie's prologue. He continues walking and comes to the same mine shaft, were he hears movement and sees a pile of sand fall nearly on top of him. Terrified, he begins backing up but is suddenly stabbed from behind. Ebert crawls over to the wall, his assailant apparently having left promptly after stabbing him and lets out a yell of agony. Meanwhile, Baumann, presumably hearing something, packs up the papers and begins looking around for the cause. Suddenly, his flashlight goes dead. Meanwhile, Ebert is still dying from the stab wound. Suddenly, a silhouetted figure who looks like Kreutzmann begins to walk up. Meanwhile, Baumann has successfully lit a match to replace his dead flashlight. The wind continues to blow and his match nearly goes out. The already frightened scout sees figures walking towards him and aims his weapon, but is stopped before he ends up shooting any of his fellow soldiers. However, when Lt. Krupp tries the flashlight, it turns on easily. Baumann then hypotheses that the Americans are in the tunnels, which is backed up by Sergeant Heydrich, who refers to the entrance on the far side of the hill that Neumann mentioned earlier. The group then hears movement, which turned out to be Mirus. Sergeant Heydrich then scornfully tells Baumann "there's your Americans." The soldiers then turn on an rusty old generator, causing a series of lights to turn on down in the tunnels. Lt. Krupp asks Mirus what's going on, but Mirus is evasive. Before the questioning can go any further, the men hear machine gun fire coming from the bunker. However when the men arrive(except for Mirus who is told to watch the tunnels) it appears that Neumann, Franke and Schenke had been firing at nothing or if they had been that that the Americans had left long before the firing stopped. Lt. Krupp attempts to call headquarters but the phone lines are dead. Convinced that the enemy has worked their way into the tunnels, a terrible game of cat and mouse develops. Stalked by shadowy figures, it becomes increasingly unclear where their fantasies end and the danger begins. The Lt. agrees to send an expedition to secure the back entrance to the tunnels, but under the condition that if too much resistance is encountered they return. Mirus and Neumann are left behind in the bunker, while the remaining men split up into a group of two and a group of three. Before leaving Schenke gives a Heil Hitler salute which none of the men in the other group return. Back in the bunker Neumann keeps standing guard while Mirus scorns the whole idea of trying to fight anymore. Her then claims that his son Werner, who died in Normandy still talks to him and told him something about the tunnels, much to Neumann's disbelief. Meanwhile, down in the tunnels, Schenke and Lt. Krupp force their way into an ammo storage room, but it's all artillery ammo. The men move on, but plan to come back and deal with it later. They make it to the doors and find that they are still sealed, but Schenke hypothesizes that there's another way in. He continues searching despite Lt. Krupp yelling at him to stop and they soon come across Ebert's body. Meanwhile, the other group comes across the same mine shaft seen in the prologue, and Heydrich and Franke go to check it out while Baumann covers them. While investigating the shaft they come across a mass grave. They then hear murmuring and come across Kreutzmann, who's catonic, screaming no over and over. Kreutzmann begins babbling about someone or someones being back. Heydrich and Franke hear a women's voice and try and get Kreutzmann out of there, but Kreutzmann, whose stuck in a flashback, is fighting them. He breaks away from Heydrich and Franke, knocks Baumann out cold when Baumann walks over to the mouth of the shaft to see what's going on and runs off. He then hallucinates he's seeing one soldier with his throat ripped out while two others take pictures. He runs off again. Meanwhile, Lt. Krupp and Schenke are in a corridor when the lights begin to flicker out. They hear movement and look, only to spin around a second later when they hear movement behind them and see a lamp swinging from side to side. They slowly back down the corridor and make it to the back door, so to speak, of the tunnel complex. They hear loud banging as something tries to break into the tunnels. Kreutzmann comes rushing up the tunnel screaming, causing Schenke and Lt. Kruppe to open fire, killing him. However, Lt. Krupp is buried under a pile of wooden beams which fell when the men opened fire. Schenke checks the body of the man they killed, sees its Kreutzmann, and begins laughing hysterically. Meanwhile, Neumann, hearing the shooting, ventures down into the tunnels despite Mirus telling him not to. Mirus meanwhile, panics and runs away after seeing a shadowy figure. He then hears pounding on each consecutive set of doors he closes after him, so he thinks something is chasing him(spoiler alert---the banging is actually Heydrich, Baumann and Franke). Mirus leaves the bunker and falls outside into the barbed wire. He sees another dark figure approaching and in his panic to get away becomes more and more tangled in the barbed wire. Meanwhile Neumann, who is searching through the tunnels, is caught by Schenke, who puts a knife to his neck. Neumann soon gets Schenke, whose becoming more and more paranoid, to trust him however. The two of them return to the artillery ammo room Schenke discovered with Lt. Krupp and booby trap the room to prevent the ammo from falling into the hands of the Americans, Schenke is sure are stalking through the tunnels. Heydrich, Baumann and Franke decide to blow the bunker door with a stick grenade and fight their way out. Meanwhile, Schenke and Neumann hear the explosion and think that the Americans had set off an booby trap. Schenke lights a fuse to destroy the artillery ammo and the two of them move out. Meanwhile, Heydrich, Baumann and Franke's plan to blast the door open fails so they go looking for another entrance. They run straight into Schenke and Neumann, who thinking that the three of them are Americans, open fire. After a short fire fight in which Heydrich, Franke and Baumann use up their remaining STG-44 ammo they withdraw. Franke finally cracks and offers to surrender, but it turns out that instead of Americans Schenke is the one in the corridor. He looks rather deranged at this point. Neumann comes up and aims his K98K rifle at Heydrich, Baumann and Franke as Schenke basically announces his plan to execute the three of them. When Neumann refuses to execute the three of them Schneke pulls out his Luger and executes Franke. He then puts the gun to Neumann's head and threatens to kill him. Neumann is about to pull the trigger when the explosives go off, knocking everybody down. Heydrich, Baumann and Neumann make a run for it while Schenke wildly fires his pistol after them. The three men race through the tunnels but the main exit is blocked off by wreckage. Heydrich pulls Neumann into the mine shaft in order to get away, but Baumann, whose now holding the rifle, stays behind and shoots at the helmeted figure approaching. To his amazement and terror the bullets seem to do nothing. He then begins hallucinating and fires a third shot before Heydrich pulls him away. Soon Schenke arrives, but the others have already erected a barricade over the mine shaft entrance. The men stumble across the mass grave again and then Schenke appears, destroying the barricade. Heydrich shoots Schenke in the chest and Schenke suddenly bursts into flames, screaming and reeling away. The three men begin whacking at the mass grave wall with entrenching tools which break ground. Neumann breaks out and Heydrich is about to follow him when he's stabbed in the back by Schenke, who despite bursting into flames seems to have put them out, however he's badly burned. Baumann launches himself at Schenke and the two begin a fight, which seems even for a while until suddenly Schenke throws Baumann back. Heydrich suddenly intervenes only to get run through by Schenke. However, the distraction gives Baumann time to get away. After a bizarre scene in which Baumann breaks through a layer of soil made up of bones which seems to try and suck him back into the earth, he's saved by Neumann who pulls him out. Baumann then rolls over and hurls a potato masher or stick grenade down into the hole, which lands next to the gravely injured Schenke. Several seconds before it's explodes Schenke sees several silhouetted figures standing nearby. The movie then cuts to Neman and Baumann running away as the grenade explodes behind them, presumably killing Schenke. Neumann then checks out the bunker from the rear, and comes back to tell the wounded Baumann that its safe. Baumann gives Neumann a handkerchief and tells him to go surrender. Neumann wants to stay but Baumann point blank refuses, telling Neumann to go on, leave. Neumann agrees to leave and on his way down the road finds Mirus' body tangled up in the barbed wire. He then sees American soldiers emerging from the woods and waves his handkerchief to get their attention. The film then cuts back to Baumann's memories which show the squad advancing across a sunny field only to find a bunch of deserters about to be executed. An officer hustles over Baumann to participate in the firing squad. One of the deserters is seen praying, and Baumann misses his first shot before shooting the man twice to finish him off. Quickly the firing squad moves in, with one soldier taking pictures with his camera and an officer finishing off the only wounded with a pistol. One member of the firing squad is seen striking a pose while the picture taking soldier snaps another shot. Baumann snaps out of remembering and staggers off towards the Americans. Source: Wikipedia
tt0127349
Drama,Mystery,Romance
The first scene of the movie introduces Fielding Pierce (Billy Crudup) as he is watching news footage showing that Sarah Williams (Jennifer Connelly) has been killed in a suspected car bombing. The reporter indicates that Sarah was an activist from Chicago involved in helping refugees from the Chilean government and that her death may cast new light on the movement. Fielding is completely distraught over hearing this news and the movie begins. The first 3/4 of the movie unfolds on parallel timelines in the 70s and early 80s: the progression of Fielding & Sarah's complicated, volatile relationship and Fielding's ascension into power as an upcoming politician dealing with the recent loss (and haunting memories) of Sarah. Fielding meets Sarah as he is returning, in uniform, from duty in the Coast Guard and meeting up with his brother, who is a editor. The brother, Fielding and Sarah all go to lunch where Fielding is very ouspoken in his political ideals about current events. Sarah and Fielding are both immediately intrigued by each other, Fielding's attraction being more sexual and blatant and Sarah's attraction more of curiousity and intrigue. A few dates quickly lead to a sexual relationship despite an obvious difference in political thinking between the two. Sarah asks why Fielding wants to be a senator and his very serious reply is that he doesn't- he wants to be president. Sarah is later quoted as saying "Ambition is the ice in the lake of emotion." And when Fielding tries to comfort Sarah's fear of his Coast Guard duty leading to a Vietnam tour, she replies "but if you go over there, you'll be shooting at the guys that I want to win." Their intense love outweighs their differences, though, and their relationship quickly becomes serious. Meanwhile Fielding is a young politician being groomed to be congressman by the current govenor because of a scandal involving Jerry Carmichael 's (Ed Harris in a cameo role) resignation due to his homosexuality. Fielding seems ambivalent about the offer to be put on the ticket, perhaps because of the nature of the resignation- as he indicates- or pehaps because of the impact of Sarah's influence on his current ambitions. Either way, the governor and his top advisor Isaac (Hal Holbrook) are not comfortable with this lack of enthusiasm and do not offer much hand holding. This confrontation sets the tone for the later timeline in Fielding's life as his insecurities and haunting memories of Sarah eventually lead to hallucinations and his emotional breakdown. Fielding is now dating Isaac's daughter, but their relationship is clearly not as intense as his past relationship with Sarah. Conversations with his sister Caroline (Janet McTeer) and visits with his dad quickly lead to discussions about Sarah and how is haunting memories are leading to him seeing Sarah again. His family is supportive without offering any helpful advice other than to focus more on the political path ahead of him. Sarah and Fielding's relationship takes them to Chicago where they share an apartment as he continues law school and she begins missionary work for a local church led by Father Steven (John Carrol Lynch). Fielding's involvement with Isaac soon begins, and Sarah's aversion to the whole political process becomes more threatening. After a uncomfortable encounter with Sarah at one of Fielding's political events, where her disdain for the situation leads to a verbal attack on one of the attendees, they attempt to reconcile on the subway afterwards. They cannot reach an agreement and she proclaims "It is so infuriating loving you!" Fielding chuckes and says that the feeling is mutual. Sarah's long hours away from home, spent working at the church, lead Fielding to foolishly suspect Sarah is having an affair with Father Steven. Their intense bond holds them together through their disagreements and insecurities. Fielding starts the campaign trail even as his memories of Sarah convince him that she may still be alive and is watching him. He even chases someone he believes to be her through town and eventually ending at a church. But his search is fruitless and only further shows his descent into emotional breakdown. His relationship with Molly becomes troubled as he emotionally withdraws from her also. When she tries to reach to him, he does not offer any recognition of her or his feelings. Sarah's missionary work leads to activist work in Chile where her and Father Steven bring back political refugees of the government. At one uncomfortable dinner at the church with Fielding. The refugees are appalled to hear that Fielding is hoping to enter politics, an american institution they feel is overrun with corruption. Fielding tries to convince them he is not entering politics to become corrupt but to affect change. They are not conducive to this idea. He chastises their hypocrisy by observing that as awful as they try to hint his government is, he can't help but to notice when they needed help they ran to this country for freedom. When he turns to Sarah for help, she offers "You are alone in this conversation." Fielding then replies he is alone in this whole room and he is "choking on the collective sense of superiority." Fielding and Sarah's political difference and growing distance is shown at its worst, as no make up scene follows. Soon after Sarah leaves for her fatal trip in Milwauke.
tt0339419
Crime,Drama,Romance
Duncan Mudge (Emile Hirsch) is a shy and immature small-town mama's boy who spends most of his time on his father's farm with his favorite chicken. When his mother suffers a heart attack and dies, Duncan behaves even more oddly, occasionally adopting her voice and wearing her robe to sleep in. Most of the kids in Duncan's town don't understand him and make fun of him. His only friend, Perry (Tom Guiry), is Duncan's link to a few friends after Duncan gives them money to buy beer. As Duncan hangs out with his new friends more and more, he discovers an attraction to Perry.
tt0107983
Crime,Drama,Romance
In the opening scene, we see an empty bar out in the middle of the desert. The bartender, Jim Doherty (Gary Oldman) starts narrating in voice over as he cleans up and looks through a photo album: "You ever seen a ghost? There's this guy. Comes in here. Every May 1st. Every May 1st, every December 1st. Like clock work. What's he want? Well, frankly, I ain't exactly sure. He had the strangest story to tell. He left this here and I keep it for him. How do I know he'll be back? What's that? A woman was involved? [trying on a ring] Hm, just fits. I was married once myself. Beautiful girl. By the way my name is Jim Doherty. I run this place. His name? Sure. His name is Jack Grimaldi. Hey, there he is now!" In a flashback to some time earlier, we see Jack Grimaldi (Gary Oldman) (they are one and the same person) driving down a road somewhere in New York City and wearing a neat looking suit. Jim Doherty tells us that "Jack was a romantic guy, big dreams. The problem was, there was always a little daylight between his dreams and his wallet. See, he was a working stiff, 56 grand a year and never made it past Sergeant. And, every day he looked at a little of this, (We see Jack responding to a grisly murder scene; he is a police detective with the NYPD) and then he looked at too much of that (We see Jack on a stakeout watching a guy having sex with two girls.) And all the time he was thinking, huh, I bet you know what he was thinking, dontcha? you'd a done just what he wound up doin' I'll bet. He walked around just like everybody, but inside, he wasn't like anybody." We see Jack come home to his wife and dancing with her in the back yard of their Brooklyn house until late in the night, as Doherty tells us she was his true love and he could've told her anything. We then flash forward to see Grimaldi trying to keep control of a car with blood all over his face, struggling with a woman who is trying to strangle him with her legs from the backseat. Donherty says "Hey wait a minute. I'm getting a little ahead of myself here." and stops the scene, asking the audience "Pretend you didn't see that. Now where was I?" We flash back to where we left off and we're told that Grimaldi's plan is working great, until the day "things started to go wrong." In the next scene, Jack is watching federal agents who are guarding a mobster, Nick Gazzara (Dennis Farina) set to testify against the mob the next day. Nick jokes with the agents telling stories about old jobs while eating dinner. Jack watches from the rooftop across the street until he's sure of the room. He then calls the mob and gives them the information, for which he's paid $65,000 in a drop box. We then see Jack blindfolded playing a guessing game with a teenage girl named Sheri (Juliette Lewis) Sheri tells him she dreamed he had a wife, and it was her. She tells him how happy she is to be with him. And Doherty tells us that "a man don't always do what's best for him, sometimes he does the worst." We see Jack on the couch making out with Sheri. Later, at a restaurant, Jack tells his fellow cops about his secret mistress Sheri and they love the details. They talk about a recent case involving a mobster informant named Frank Malacci, who they're not getting any useful information from, when another cop comes in telling them that Nick Gazzara "got popped" and they suspect a top Russian assassin and ex-KGB agent Mona Demarkov. The cop with the news speculates that without Gazzara, they'll have to get information from DeMarkov. Jack visualizes the scene, when he hears that DeMarkov also killed the agents. Jack Grimaldi meets with his mob connection and complains about the agents dying and how this makes him a cop killer, which wasn't part of the bribe deal. He tells Jack that Mona Demarkov has to be taken out (killed) and offers Jack the job. He concentrates on the money rather than worry anymore about cops possibly getting killed again. He arranges to pick up Mona (Lena Olin) from the police department, ostensibly to drive her to a safe house where the Feds are waiting for her. Jack checks them into a hotel and uncuffs her in the room. He lights her a cigarette and Mona asks him how he'd like to become a rich man. "Well, I've already got my health." he tells her, but listens anyway. She picks up her chair and moves it so she sits down touching his leg with hers. He quickly drops his gun for the sexual opportunity, which she encourages. She reaches for his gun before long, thinking him distracted, but finds he's moved it. The two of them are interrupted by Federal agents who have the room key and walk right in finding Mona and Jack on the floor. Mona starts laughing hysterically. He leaves her to the agents and then tips off the mob to her whereabouts, reminding Sal that the agents don't get hit. Jack goes home to see his wife, Natalie (Annabella Sciorra) She fixes him food and complains that it's too fancy. She pulls a gun on him and says "I don't know Jack, You tell me." before laughing, revealing she's joking. He asks her about the photos she takes, and she tells him she hopes to photograph weddings. He sneaks outside and we see that he keeps all of his "extra" money in a hole in the yard beneath a metal cover. Doherty's voice over tells us that Jack hears "a sucking sound" from the hole and all he can think about is feeding the hole, blocking out thoughts of the casualties it took to make the money. He has a dream that night about Natalie and Mona both holding guns on him. Jack visits with Sheri at her apartment, who dances in lingerie for him. He calls the station to check on homicides, hoping to hear that Mona was killed. Sheri asks "Is it hard yet baby?" and he replies "It ain't easy!" Jack is now at the police station, in the middle of a poker game. Sal (Michael Wincott), another corrupt mob-connected officer, calls him at the station and tells him to come outside. They talk to each other from separate benches and Sal tells him that Mona wasn't there, and his boss, Don Falcone, wants to see Jack tomorrow and Sal advise him that he "better have something for him." He tells him that Falcone thinks he's holding out, and he'll need an address or something. Jack heads to the restroom where his fellow officer, Martie (Will Patton) finds him. Martie is in a panic and he tells Jack that he had picked up Mona Demarkov to transport her for the feds, who suspected someone was working both sides, and Mona took his gun and ran. Martie is afraid that he'll lose his job. Jack pulls up Mona's file and finds a picture of her with mob boss Don Falcone (Roy Scheider) He steals a tape from the file, which tells him that Mona had an arrangement with an FBI agent, which left the agent mentally unstable culminating in his suicide. Jack goes home and checks on his money hole, not realizing that Natalie is watching him from the window. The next day, Jack is escorted to Don Falcone's place where he meets the mob boss face-to-face for the first time. Jack acts outraged accusing Falcone of breaking their deal, reminding him that he said no cops would be killed. Falcone reminds him that he was paid, and says "a life's a life." Jack offers Falcone the money for Mona back, but Falcone won't take it telling him "I don't want the money back. I want Mona Demarkov dead." He tells Jack he's to find her and kill her. Jack refuses by saying that he won't kill her. Falcone responds by telling Jack a story about Robert Lowell meeting Louis Lepke. Lowell, a conscientious objector, being in prison for not killing anyone, and Lepke being in prison for the opposite. When the moral of the story doesn't catch with Jack, Don Falcone reminds him that he can do all sorts of things to him and his family and will if he doesn't deliver. He reminds Jack: "You see, you don't make the deals, Jack. I make the deals, and you're in until I say otherwise." Jack gets back to his life and starts telling himself, "Stay alive, 65 grand, feed the hole." His fellow cops in their regular restaurant, notice he's flustered. He gets a phone call from Mona, who knows he's supposed to kill her by Wednesday. She tells him she's at the hotel, "our room." He meets her there and she asks what Falcone offered him and he tells her $65,000. Mona offers him $325,000 to tell Falcone that he killed her. She tells him they'll find a body and the autopsy will confirm it's her. She shows him a case holding half the amount and promises the other half when he has a death certificate. Jack visits Sheri and she tells him she's leaving, because she doesn't fool around with married men. He tries to convince her to stay. He talks to Natalie next who wants to know why things have gotten worse for them instead of better. Natalie tells him that money is the only thing that lasts, but he acts like he doesn't know what she's talking about. She then asks if he's screwing her sister "or just my niece." She tells him "I don't know what you're doing Jack, but don't bring it back here." A day or two later, the mobsters and cops all show up for Nick Gazzara's funeral, and Falcone takes the opportunity to talk to Jack in private. Falcone orders some of his thugs to rough Jack up and to chop one of his toes off for not killing Mona. Jack protests that it isn't Wednesday, but Falcone doesn't care. With his left foot bandaged, Jack runs home afterwards and gives Natalie the bribe money from the yard, telling her what he'd been doing about being a mob informant, and to go to the Holiday Diner in Phoenix, Arizona and check for him there every six months, May 1st and December 1st. He asks her "Will you be there?" and she says "We're married, aren't we?" He says "That's no answer." and apologizes telling her that he loves her and can't live without her, begging her not to leave him. She tells him she did something at home, to let him know, and it's in the top drawer of the bureau. Jack says "I'll do anything." and Doherty narrates "Do what exactly? Can I tell you what makes love so frightening? It's that you don't own it, it owns you." Jack then drops Sheri off at the subway station telling her also to leave the city, and she begs him to "Say it." He tells her "It's over." and Sheri adds "and you're sorry right, you're so fucking sorry." Jack sits in his car starts writing an apology letter to Natalie, sobbing as he writes. Afterwards we see he's having trouble walking, due to his missing toe. He falls asleep at the waterfront and Mona shows up to meet him in a car. She shows him the last half of the money, and gives her a death certificate and fake ID, telling her she died of a shot to the chest. He asks Mona if she's ever been in love, she doesn't answer but instead wraps a cord around his neck and tries to strangle him. He struggles and gets out of the car and shoots Mona in her left leg. When she still struggles he knocks her out and puts her in the backseat of the car and drives off. We see that she wakes quickly, and reaches her calves up around his neck while he's driving, locking her feet together to choke him. He loses control of the car and hits a post, getting knocked out against the steering wheel. Mona squirms her way out of the car taking her papers in her teeth and running while still handcuffed. Jack Grimaldi checks his house and finds the mobsters have gone through it. He finds a photo album in the top drawer of the bureau and takes it determined not to return there or anywhere familiar. Jack starts watching Sal and finds that he's been meeting with Mona. He hears shots from the apartment where they're meeting and runs to check it out. Thinking he sees Mona moving at the window he shoots her several times, and approaches her to find that he just shot Sheri, who was dressed up in clothes and a wig to look like Mona from behind, as well as tied and gagged to the spot where she was standing. Jack runs off to find Mona, but she returns to the apartment when he leaves. She unties Sheri's corpse and pulls her own severed arm from her handbag, then cuts off Sheri's and replaces it with her own before lighting the place on fire. The next morning Jack reads from a newspaper that Mona was found dead in the fire, just before some thugs find him. They catch him and knock him out while we see Mona outfitting herself with a prosthetic arm. We then see that Jack is cuffed to a bed in the same room and Mona points a gun at him, the scene matching the bad dream he'd had earlier. Mona talks him out for a ride and reveals she has someone in the trunk. She opens it and he sees she has Falcone gagged and tied there. She tells him to dig a grave for Falcone. When he protests, Mona points a pistol at Jack and tells him "dig one grave or two." She pushes Falcone into the hole and has Jack fill it in at gunpoint. When he's buried she fires into the ground and tells Jack that he's a free man. We see shortly afterwards, Mona and Jack at a dance, having a great time. Doherty narrates: "You ever wonder what Hell is like? Maybe it ain't the place you think. fire and brimstone? the Devil with horns poking you in the butt with a pitchfork? What's hell? The time you should have walked, but you didn't. That's hell. Huh, you're looking at it." Mona and Jack are next in a hotel room. Jack counts some money in a suitcase and says "good bye." Mona asks him for "one last dance." before dropping her pants to the floor. "Why not." Jack Grimaldi says. In moments the door opens and the cops show up to arrest Jack Grimaldi. In the back of the squad car, he's given a letter from his fellow officers which reads " Jack, What a pisser. Here we are, fighting the bullshit for fifteen years and now we find out that you're part of the bullshit. What can we tell you? You broke our hearts, you dumbest of fucks. And, we mean that sincerely." Mona has betrayed Jack to the cops for being a mob informant and of the murders of Sheri, Falcone and others. The police bring Jack to the same place at the Brooklyn courthouse he first brought Mona and try to convince him to cut a deal before Mona does, offering him witness relocation protection. He runs into Mona at the courthouse, and sees that they're letting her go for cooperating. She brags to him that even when they had sex, he never got to her. He tells her that during sex, he thought of his wife. Mona then tells him that's too bad because his wife is a dead woman and he's a dead man and laughs at him before walking away. Jack pulls a gun from Cage (James Cromwell) one of the officer's leg holsters and shoots Mona dead. He then puts the gun in his own mouth but finds it's empty. The empty chamber sounds along with the bell ringing at the Diner in Phoenix. He tells us he was given a medal for "defending his fellow officers" along with a new residence and identity. The film comes full circle as we see him Jack now as Jim Doherty at the diner in Arizona, looking through the album of wedding photos on "May 1st, that was five years ago to the day. I guess this is where I came in, to tell you the story of an unlucky guy who fell in love with a hole in the ground; a ghost, haunting his own grave, celebrating every six months with the same party, waiting for the same guest of honor to show. Demarkov? Dead and buried. Everything I had, finito, except that old voice in my head. Some things you never let go of. Of course, Natalie, she wasn't the only guest invited [we see that the photo album has pages for other women] Can't be a party without a crowd. I don't remember much of it really. Don't remember what I said to 'em, or what they said to me back. Don't remember how I felt, but once in a while, I do remember how they looked at me." We see that there are no pictures of him and Mona, although Natalie had made pages for them. He continues "Well, I guess she's not gonna make it, always next time though, right?" He hears the door and jumps when he imagines Mona coming in. He then sees Natalie, but the image fades away. He walks out of the dinner and sits down at the gas pumps outside, narrating; "Maybe you think I'm ready to give up, but that ain't how it is. She could came walking through that door any day, cause even after all of this, I bet she still loves me."
tt0092546
Comedy,Sci-Fi
Featuring skits directed by directing stalwarts such as Joe Dante, and John Landis showing off their facility with material that is over the top and funny to boot, the whole effect of Amazon Women on the Moon can be viewed as a night with nothing to do but watch the boob tube. with Arsenio Hall, Ed Begley, Rosanna Arquette, Griffin Dunne, Henny Youngman, and even B. B. King and Russ Meyer in cameos the film spoofs all things great and small that occur on TV as if the medium werent actually the wasteland that it is. Highlights of the conglomeration of tales is Amazon Women on the Moon a colorized 1950s version of a cheapie space movie in which Capt. Nelson (Steve Forrest) meets Queen Lara (Sybil Danning) on his visit to the moon and saves her from exploding volcano and man-eating spiders. Then theres Monique Gabrielle as Taryn Steele in the cable channel "Pethouse Video" episode showing the model traipsing around Malibu in the buff as tourists take no notice. Ed Begley plays Griffin in "Son of the Invisible Man" as the inheritor of a formula that makes the user crazy and those around him crazy as well. Two thumbs down goes out to Harvey Pitnik (Archie Hahn III) as his life as feature film gets demolished by Siskel/Ebert type TV personalities on "Critic's Corner", and ultimately becoming the headlining guest of a celebrity washed-up comic venue "Roast Your Loved One. Karen (Rosanna Arquette) uses a new-fangled machine to screen her dates in Two I.D.s with Steve Guttenberg required to stand by his past indiscretions. To cap it all off Mary Brown (Carrie Fisher) is the subject of a by-the-numbers sex hygiene film from those Physical Education classes we all had to sign up for in the 9t grade, but this one seems more than particularly flat-footed.
tt0099277
Action,Horror,Sci-Fi
In a future world in Seattle the High Schools are one step above the prisons. In a new program to insure that students will come to class and remain alert to their subjects, Dr. Bob Forrest (Stacy Keach) has adapted Cyborgs from military research and development and made them into teachers. The head of the High School program Dr. Miles Langford (Malcolm McDowell) loves the idea mainly because his high school is rampant with gangs, and his daughter Christine (Traci Lind) is one of the students. When local high school tough Cody Culp (Bradley Gregg) is released from jail and back into the high school system he immediately is confronted by his old drug-addled and violence-prone school mates, but when he discovers how the new drug called the Edge has affected them and particularly his own mother, he begins to have a change of heart. This change of heart is also helped by Cody's friendship with Christine who sees the good inside of the damaged soul of Cody and works to bond with him. When the three Cyborgs Ms. Connors (Pam Grier), Mr. Bryles (Patrick Kilpatrick), and Mr. Hardin (John Ryan) demonstrate homicidal solutions to student misbehavior Cody and Christine join together to uncover the true nature of these instructors and discover that they will have to fight for their lives to make high school a better place.
tt0107468
Drama,Romance
Beijing, Red China, 1964. Mild-mannered Rene Gallimard, an accountant at the French embassy, watches captivated as Opera diva Song Liling sings a selection from 'Madame Butterfly'. Afterwards, he tells his wife Jeanne that Song Liling has opened his eyes to the beauty in the tragic tale, but Jeanne pours scorn on his romanticized western ideal of the submissive oriental woman. He tells Jeanne that the Chinese can't stand Madame Butterfly because "the white man gets the girl." Three weeks later, Rene musters the courage to visit the Opera again where he meets Song Liling backstage. Although he and Song only talk, he lies to his wife about his whereabouts. Song next entertains him in her parlor, a potentially scandalous action in a country "rooted 2,000 years in the past". When Rene kisses Song, she looks offended and asks him to leave. At Frau Bauden's party, Rene is accosted by angry embassy employees whose expenses he has refused. Song begins to write letters to Rene which he does not answer. Ambassador Toulon notes Rene's sudden personality change by stating: "you've become this new, aggressive, overconfident thing". He appoints Rene as Vice Consul, in charge of setting up a new intelligence-gathering operation to spy on the current Chinese authorities during Chairman Mao's so-called Cultural Revolution. Rene rushes off to Song, and demands to know if she's his butterfly. She shyly admits she is, although to protect her modesty, she insists on remaining clothed as they make love, watched by the prying eyes of Song's maid. Rene and Song's courtship continues secretly with a trip to the Great Wall. Some time later, the ambassador asks Rene Gallimard's opinion on the current conflict in Vietnam and of China's involvement it for his report. He tells the ambassador that the Americans must show strength, as the Oriental will always bow to a superior force. Song is revealed to be a double agent as she begins to feed Rene misinformation, and relays his comments on American troop movements to local Party official Comrade Chin, who is disgusted to find American movie-star magazines in her parlor. Song counters with saying "I'm trying my best to become somebody else." At another one of Frau Bauden's parties, Rene embarks on an "extra extra-marital affair" with Song. On his next visit to Song, he demands to see her naked. She tells him that she is pregnant and she must go to her parents village, as is the custom, from which she will bring him back a son. He is delighted. Song then goes to her handler, Chin, and requests a male Chinese baby with blond hair as part of her cover. Some months later, Rene Gallimard views a Red Guard demonstration with the burning of opera costumes. The ambassador advises caution, as they have become a powerful movement. Song visits Rene with their "son". He proposes marriage, but she is marched away by Red Guard militia who have declared all artists criminals under the Cultural Revolution. Rene is told by the Chinese authorities that he is being deported back to France for wrongly analyzing the Chinese and Vietnamese political situations. On a last visit, Rene finds Song's courtyard quarters full of peasants. Meanwhile, Song is seen entering a re-education camp, as a loudspeaker voice declares hard labor will transform them into real citizens of the future under the tutelage of Chairman Mao. Paris, France, 1968. Rene is watching a performance of Madame Butterfly at the local opera, where his eyes fill with tears. Outside, Rene runs into a riot where pro-Communist students are attacking the police during the so-called Student Riots. Rene returns to his apartment which the decor is austere of Chinese chic. One day, Song reappears, and Rene is overjoyed to see her again. Rene tells Song that since his dismissal from the diplomatic service, he has been working as a motorcycle courier, carrying diplomatic pouches. Rene is soon arrested by Etancelin, a government agent. Rene is brought on trial for espionage of leaking classified documents during his tenure as Vice Consul in China. During the trial, Rene is confronted by the crushing spectacle when Song Liling shows up to testify against him, and wearing a suit and necktie... unmistakably a man. Much to the court's incredulity, Song testifies how Rene gave him access to the diplomatic pouches to protect their "son" back in China. When the prosecutor asks Song if Rene ever knew that he was in fact a man impersonating a woman, Song speaks about his Oriental ways of love "out of which I invented myself, just for him." In a police van en route to prison, Song confronts Rene and finally disrobes, bitterly reminding Rene that he still is the same person that Rene fell in love with. Rene angrily rejects his advances, destroyed by the revelation of Song's true gender and that what he loved and believed was all a lie. In prison, Rene gives a one-man performance, admitting his story about falling in love with a man whom he thought was a woman, and a spy, had given the whole from France a good laugh. As Song boards a plane back to China, having been extradited, Rene plays an audio tape of Madame Butterfly and relates the tale as if he himself were the tragic oriental woman who loved an unworthy man. In oriental clothes, heavy Chinese makeup and a wig, Rene says that he has found the perfect sacrificial woman, far from China. In front of all the inmates and the warden, he kneels forward and commits suicide by slitting his own throat.
tt0099012
Comedy,Romance
Synopsis by "Cult Movies" author Danny Peary... Fifteen years ago, Alice (Mia Farrow) gave up her fashion career to marry the wealthy Douglas (William Hurt). Now they live in a fancy East Side apartment, with their two kids and several servants. She spends her time shopping, heaving beauty treatments, and being a good wife/mother. Raised a Catholic - her idol is Mother Teresa - Alice feels guilty just for being madly attracted to Joe (Joe Mantegna): a sax player and single father whose kids attend her kids' school. She is too shy to talk with him. Having a painful back, she goes to Dr. Yang (Keye Luke): a weird acupuncturist-herbalist, who realizes that her problem is caused by her attraction to Joe. Yang gives her a special herb. The next day she uninhibitedly flirts with Joe and they make a date. But later she feels to guilty and scared to keep it. She takes more of Yang's potions. One potion makes her invisible: she watches Joe make love to his ex-wife (Judy Davis). Another potion allows Alice to be with the ghost of her first love, Eddie (Alec Baldwin), of whom Joe reminds her. After several false starts and near break-offs, Alice and Joe consummate their love. When invisible, Alice goes to Douglas's office and catches him making love with a coworker. He has been unfaithful for years. Alice breaks up with him and goes to Joe, who sadly tells her that he is returning to his ex-wife. Yang gives Alice a potion that will make any man love her completely. She can choose between Douglas and Joe, but decides on neither. Instead, she goes to Calcutta and works with Mother Teresa. With better values, Alice returns to New York and happily brings up her kids alone.
tt0162973
Comedy,Drama,Romance
A 10/10 must see/have gay film! Meet Steve - a troubled teen coming to terms with his sexuality. Taunted & bullied, fate entwines him with John the school jock who, surprisingly, is having similar feelings. So their story unravels as they try to lead double lives as what society expects of them and how they are with one another. Get Real has an interesting take on the gay cliches without going over the top as so many do. The token female friend and her very real problems. John's, jock friends, and their denial of his sexuality. The mistaken assumption of their female friends beliving they are wanting more then just friendship. The realness of the parents coming to terms with sexuality is portrayed effectively well. Their inner torment of what a society percieves them as and who they truthfully are is acted to the best!! This amazing coming of age story is filmed tastefully & shot with beautiful cinematography.
tt0119324
Comedy,Drama
On Thanksgiving Day, 1983, Georgetown college student Marty Pascal (Josh Hamilton) brings his fiancée, Lesly (Tori Spelling), home to his family's large estate located in McLean, Virginia to meet them for the first time. Marty is obviously nervous and hesitant about the impending introduction of his future wife to his family; he has informed them that he is bringing a guest but without any further details. Marty's family prepares both for his arrival and for an impending hurricane. Marty's twin sister Jacqueline (Parker Posey), recently released from a psychiatric hospital, is ecstatic about his arrival, until she is informed that a "friend" is accompanying Marty. She becomes distressed and, over the course of the night, shows many signs that suggest she suffers from borderline personality disorder, including sudden mood swings and an inability to cope with change. Referred to as "Jackie-O" by her family, Jackie has had a long obsession with the former first lady and the Kennedy assassination. As an adult, Jackie-O still emulates the former first lady in her style of dress and her hairstyle. Jackie-O lives with her mother and her younger brother Anthony (Freddie Prinze, Jr.). He and the matriarch of the family, Mrs. Pascal (Geneviève Bujold) are very protective of Jackie. Mrs. Pascal is immediately suspicious and guarded against her future daughter-in-law Lesly. Meanwhile, Lesly is initially oblivious to the tumultuous nature of the family. It is clear that Marty is in love with Lesly's "normalcy" and their engagement is a way for him to break from his family mold. As the hurricane outside intensifies, Marty and Lesly become stranded in the house until the storm lets up. After meeting Lesly, Jackie-O comes close to a melt-down at her bathroom sink, yet suddenly gains her composure and surprises Lesly. Jackie playfully interrogates Lesly about her love life with Marty, going so far as to ask for graphic details about their sexual escapades. Jackie-O informs Lesly of a nearby former girlfriend of Marty's, with whom he shared an intense affair in his youth and hints that there might be a "reunion" between the two former lovers. It becomes clear that Marty's lover was in fact Jackie-O after she coerces Marty into playing their favorite childhood "game," a re-enactment of the JFK assassination, a game that led to their first sexual encounter when they were 14. Jackie-O and Marty play the game, and after she has "shot" him, she runs over to cradle him in her arms. She begins to kiss him, and the two have sex. Lesly walks in on them and, horrified, runs back upstairs where Anthony, who previously tried to warn her of Marty and Jackie's sexual relationship, convinces Lesly that he is an insecure virgin dying of a brain tumor, leading to a short and awkward sexual encounter. In the morning, the storm ends and Lesly confronts the family about the events of the night before. Mrs. Pascal coerces Anthony to tell Marty that he slept with Lesly. Meanwhile, Jackie-O searches the house for a gun that Marty had been ordered to hide by their mother, finding it in the bathroom. She flushes Marty's car keys down the toilet and returns to the living room where Lesly confronts Jackie-O about her mental illness and incestuous relationship. As Lesly runs to get their suitcases so she and Marty can leave, Jackie pulls the gun and asks Marty to play their game one last time, agreeing to let them leave afterward. Anthony races to find her medication while Marty cautiously plays along. In tears, Jackie shoots and kills her brother. Lesly runs from the house. In a final voice over, Jackie explains that Marty was buried in the backyard "next to Daddy."
tt0119361
Comedy,Drama
Set in an unnamed Midwestern American city, Chad (Aaron Eckhart) and Howard (Matt Malloy) are two middle management employees at a corporation, temporarily assigned to a branch office away from their home city for several weeks. Howard is assigned to head up the new project and Chad is to assist. After their first meeting at the local airport and after having dinner and drinks, they talk about the history about their failed relationships. Embittered by bad experiences with women, they form a mean-spirited revenge scheme to find an insecure woman, romance her simultaneously, and then break up with her at the same time. Chad, who is cruel, manipulative, duplicitous, misogynist, and abusive to his subordinates and co-workers, is the originator and driving force behind the scheme, while Howard is the more passive of the two, which leads to a later conflict with the scheme. Chad decides upon Christine (Stacey Edwards), a deaf co-worker who is so self-conscious that she wears headphones so people, thinking that she is listening to music, are compelled to get her attention visually or tactilely without immediately learning that she is deaf. Chad and Howard decide to each ask her out, and out of her lonelienss, she accepts. Over the course of several weeks, both of them date her simultaneously. In the meantime, things with the project go wrong; a fax Chad is supposed to have sent to the home office is "lost" and a presentation Chad is supposed to deliver to the home office is unable to be carried out successfully after some documents are allegedly printed so lightly that they are illegible. These mishaps culminate in Howard being demoted and Chad taking his place at the head of the project after he places the blame for most of the mishaps on the unknowing and nebbish Howard. Chad eventually sleeps with Chistine, and she falls in love with him. When Christine eventually breaks this news to Howard that she's dating his co-worker Chad, Howard tells Christine the truth about their scheme, and tells her that he loves her. Christine is shocked by the revelation, and refuses to believe that Chad would do this. When she confronts Chad, he admits the truth. Christine angrily slaps Chad, but he is so unashamed of his behavior, and cruelly taunts Christine, who collapses into tears after he leaves her. Several weeks later. Howard confronts Chad back home at his apartment. Howard is now apparently in the bad graces of the company, being moved to a lower floor while Chad is doing well. Chad offers to go to higher managerment to say something on Howard's behalf. Nevertheless, Howard is not worried about work, he confesses to Chad that he really loved Christine and feels ashamed at what they did to her. At this point Chad, despite having previously told Howard that his girlfriend, Suzanne, had left him, shows Howard that she is still there, asleep in his bed. Chad says that he carried out the entire plan "because I could," and he asks Howard how it feels to have truly hurt someone. Howard, who had never done anything like that before, leaves, horrified and angry that Chad used him just so he could steal his promotion as well as hurt an innocent woman just for the hell of it... and now has completely gotten away with it. Howard travels back to the nameless city and to a local bank where he sees Christine now working as a clerk. Howard tries to speak to her, but she ignores him. He loudly pleads with her to "listen" to him, but his pleas literally fall on deaf ears.
tt0101748
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Prologue: Greyhound bus headed for San Francisco. Seems to be the heyday of the Haight-Ashbury scene. We meet a limping, grizzled Birdlace (River Phoenix): he chain smokes, doesn't eat much as we hear the week's numbers from Vietnam on TV: 141 dead, 391 wounded, 47 missing. Back on the bus, as Birdlace daydreams through the window, a flashback begins. Most of this movie is presented in one long flashback. Act I: November 1963; the Four B's (Birdlace, Burzin (Richard Panebianco), Benjamin (Mitchell Whitfield) and Bueller (Anthony Clark), a.k.a. Okie) are going on a last night of liberty before shipping out for Okinawa. Bonded by bullshit and macho posturing, they have an "elite" event planned - the eponymous 'Dogfight' - that everyone seems to want in on, even officers. Each goes "hunting" for a date to bring to this event; it is soon evident they are to bring the most unattractive girl they can find; the winner gets a jackpot. After striking out with several prospects, Birdlace steps into Rose's Coffee Shop to get out of the rain. He is desperate, and for just a beat seems to consider the old lady seated near the door. Rose Sr. (Holly Near) is cold to him but he hears Rose Jr. (Lili Taylor) trying to learn the guitar chords for Malvina Reynolds' "What Have They Done to the Rain?" He strikes up a conversation full of nonsense, especially about the imaginary Jim Swain and his great influence on Bob Dylan as co-writer of most of Woody Guthrie's songs. Rose knows her stuff and isn't buying it, but is warm to Birdlace anyway. After hesitating, she agrees to go as his date to "a party." Rose gets sick at the Dogfight, so Birdlace wins the consolation prize. As she is cleaning herself up in the rest room, she overhears an argument between Burzin and his date, Marcy (E.G. Daily). Marcy has "won" the dogfight for Burzin and is fighting with him over her share of the jackpot - it turns out she was hired, not found. Rose questions Marcy and learns the truth of this event; Rose then slaps and slugs an inebriated Birdlace as he sits on a bar stool and gives him a verbal lashing as well - even to the other Marines who seem overwhelmed by her ferocity. With tear-smeared makeup, Rose then takes refuge in her room - her folk music world - listening to Joan Baez sing "Silver Dagger." Act II: Birdlace deals with his own dogfight - the large German shepherd in Rose's back yard - to put a note on her window - an apology and an invitation to dinner. She accepts but on her terms - if there's any more dogfight, she'll kill him. He declines what appears to be a Polish or Ukrainian restaurant saying "We can do better." They end up going into an elegant establishment with string quartet and tuxedoed wait staff, and are denied entry because Birdlace has no dinner jacket. Now on a mission that binds them, they roust an elderly clothing store couple out of bed to get Birdlace a jacket, which he wears proudly with price tag still hanging from the collar, to get a seat at the restaurant. After dinner, as they walk, he throws the just-purchased jacket from an overpass into traffic below. Scenes jump from Birdlace and Rose to the other B's enjoying their liberty in a much different fashion - getting tattoos (bees, of course) and being serviced orally by an arcade hooker as they watch Russ Meyer's The Immoral Mr. Teas. At one point, in a Chinatown tattoo parlor, Burzin sees Birdlace walking with Rose but does not let on to the others - he senses there is something important going on there. Rose and Birdlace argue about their differing approach to life - one a pacifist, the other a soldier who sees change resulting from shooting. Nonetheless there is a deepening bond between them. Rose takes Birdlace to the Still Life Cafe, where she hopes to sing one day. When she writes to him, she wants him to know what she's talking about. While there, he asks her to sing the song she was singing earlier in the coffee shop, which she does, reluctantly. This simple, quiet version of the entire song ("What Have They Done to the Rain?) sums up all that is going on in the world at the time as well as with both of them personally. Birdlace then takes Rose to an arcade - the complete opposite of The Still Life - where they play Whack-a Mole to Rose's delight. Knowing that music is important to her, he then takes her into a special room full of music machines. He drops coins into all of them which soon results in a cacophony - but a charming one, like a magic carnival. Finally there is only one large music box playing and they dance slowly, awkwardly kissing - perhaps the first kiss for both of them. In spite of his macho banter, use of profanity and willingness to use a girl in a dogfight, Birdlace is actually very courteous and thoughtful. Arriving back at Rose's place, he does not push himself on her - but is glad when she asks him in. He asks if it's OK before he touches her or removes some of her clothing, and having recently viewed the films about STDs in boot camp, is sure to get out a condom (he hides it under her teddy bear as she puts on a robe in her closet). Rose has actually invited somebody into her world. As they begin to cuddle and embrace, one song ends and The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan drops onto the turntable; they begin sweet and tender foreplay as "Don't Think Twice, It's Alright" plays. Act III: Birdlace and Rose are on the sidewalk in front of her building. She hands him a piece of paper with her address on it. She says he can write, but seems resigned to never hearing from him again. Birdlace runs, with backlighted bridge in background. Birdlace finds the other three Bees in the bus station appearing haggard from their night of liberty, and the loud, brash military talk and swagger soon replaces all remnants of his quiet night with Rose. On the military bus to Treasure Island, after exaggerated bragging about spending the night with an officer's wife, Birdlace has a heart-to-heart talk with Burzin about how full of shit they all are. In a great speech that sums up the acceptance of bullshit as the basis of all that they do, Burzin points to the two Bee tattoos on his arm and says there's no bullshit in that. Amid continuing macho talk, Birdlace tears up the paper with Rose's address and throws it out the window - he's "all in" with his Marines and their mission. DISSOLVE to Rose sitting on the floor in her room, holding her guitar, listening to Pete Seeger's record of We Shall Overcome. She is not at all sad or remorseful; in fact she appears hopeful. DISSOLVE to an endless stream of soldiers carrying duffle bags on their shoulders embarking for overseas duty. DISSOLVE to TV news report of Kennedy's assassination - not dwelt on long. FADE to black. Open on an exterior shot of the Four Bees playing cards in a military camp in Chu Lai, South Vietnam, 1966. Okie tries to break the monotony by telling a joke. Shells land nearby; Benjamin is killed and Birdlace's leg is wounded. As Okie and Burzin drag Birdlace to safety another shell hits and kills them both. At the sound of another shell exploding, JUMP CUT to a startled Birdlace coming out of the flashback, on the bus going to San Francisco, 1967. Birdlace walks the streets of Haight Ashbury to Van Morrison's "T.B. Sheets." As he passes Rose's Coffee Shop a hippie asks Birdlace how many babies did he kill. Birdlace goes into a seedy bar called The Circus - perhaps to remember and relive his first embrace with Rose in the carnival-like room of musical machines. Instead, this is a dive with cheap circus posters and clown paintings. It is also across the street from Rose's and Birdlace watches from the window for a while. The only other patrons are three much older men yet Birdlace seems to fit right in with them - his youth is gone. Tattoos are displayed; Birdlace now has four Bee tattoos in addition to the bluebird of happiness on his hand; the fat bartender has a "belly dancer" on his belly. These older guys are crude but they have respect for Birdlace's military service. They describe for Birdlace that Rose Jr is being groomed to take over Rose's Coffee Shop. Birdlace sees Rose come out of the coffee shop with some departing friends, then go back in. He crosses the street to The Rascal's "Groovin." The door is open and has a Peace Corps poster on it. He enters quietly and watches Rose in the same back corner where he first saw her. Now she is drying glasses. He calls her name and she walks to him; few words are spoken. She sees his scars and we see that she is much more mature now. They hold a long wordless embrace. It is clear they are deeply in love and there is hope that Birdlace can recover and put his life together.
tt0105810
Crime,Drama,Thriller
ultra-realistic, gritty, urban drama - following the highs & the lows of life on the street as a kid in L.A. become part of there family, follow them in there usual goings-on. Become a fly on the wall, take it easy & just go where the day takes you.
tt0087100
Drama,Romance,Thriller
This probing and multi-layered investigation of love, sex, and commitment plays off China Blue's, Bobby's, and The Reverend's situations against each other. This probing and multi-layered investigation of love, sex, and commitment plays off China Blue's, Bobby's, and The Reverend's situations against each other. Each's sexual frustrations are extrapolated to the larger and symbolic factors of American life. China Blue is the woman in search of sexual fulfillment that includes love, but in her disappointment, she becomes a prostitute by night, career woman by day. Bobby's marriage has mutated into sexual frustration that is also shown as lack of honesty while husband and wife struggle with commitment gone sour. The Reverend is partly a symbolic representation of Christian confusion about sex and love and partly a representation of China Blue's confused and disappointed search for an authentic man/woman relationship. The story is not that simple, however, as it contains searing inditements of Christian salvation methods, the mixture of frustrated sexual longings and Christian condemnation of sex, and society's confusion about sex, marriage, and authentic loving relationships. As the prostitute, China Blue, that character is complex in her dual life, her unlikely opening of herself to a client (Bobby), and her brutal accessments of human sexual nature while leaving open the hope of "true love." The story will not resolve into these simplifying statements, however, because all the relationships are multi-dimensional. For example, the hard bitten China Blue is tender and understanding in the strong scene where she is hired to give a dying man a last sexual thrill. That scene rises way above this description because of honesty of the ill man's pain and of China Blue's sensitivity to that pain. In another scene, China Blue is picked up in a limo by a "Wall Street" couple who dally with her while discussing a business deal, equating the couple's removal from real feelings and substituting money games. Her encounters with several male clients explore sexual domination and submission, especially with one (censored*) scene which graphically shows the brutality of a policeman-customer with Blue, but it must be taken as a larger contextual condemnation of violent sex as rape. Bobby appears a typical American male, frustrated in his marriage, longing for honesty, and trying hard to emerge from his teenage ideas into maturity. The price of divorce paid by the children is also referenced in a brief scene; thus, Bobby's divorce is with a large price, and he admits that and other dimensions. The story does not allow any easy or pat answers. The Reverend is the most difficult character because he appears to harbor genuine caring for China Blue, but has his own twisted sexuality and confused idea of applying his Christianity to contemporary sexual mores. That he is made into a mad man, wanting to kill China Blue with a sharpened dildo, may push the story into horror elements that jar with the rest of the depictions. The final scene where he is killed by China Blue has to be taken symbolically (what will happen when the real police arrive?) in its brutality and unreality, although it does allow China Blue to throw over her "China Blue" life symbolically and be able to bond with Bobby. Overall, the story is a search for authentic feelings and relationships in a world significantly corrupted by lack of trust and confused Christianity and inauthentic sexuality. I wrote more but the web site lost the rest.
tt0097390
Comedy,Horror,Thriller
Fright Night Part II begins three years after the hellish events in the original Fright Night. Charley (William Ragsdale) is attending college and now believes that Jerry Dandridge (Chris Sarandon), was nothing but a serial killer posing as a vampire. As a result, he comes to believe that vampires never existed due to extensive therapy has Charley has undergone. Charley, along with his new girlfriend, Alex Young (Traci Lind), go to visit Peter Vincent (Roddy McDowall), who is again a burnt-out vampire killer who has returned to his old job of hosting 'Fright Night' horror films on TV much to the chagrin of the boy-who-cried-wolf Charley. It is while visiting Peter's apartment that Charley sees four coffins being taken into a car. On the way out from Peter's apartment, Charley sees four strange people walk past him, into an elevator. Charley instantly becomes smitten with one of the four, the alluring Regine (Julie Carmen). Charley drives Alex back to her dorm room and begins to make out with her, only to pull away and see Regine staring back at him. A ticked-off Alex storms off, not realizing that something is following her. Another girl leaves the dorm as Alex enters, and she is followed and killed by one of Regine's henchmen, Belle. Alex, meanwhile, is unaware that Louie, another of Regine's posse, is scaling up the wall outside her window, but he is startled and falls when Alex inadvertently slams her window shut on his hands. Bozworth (Brian Thompson), the third heavy, makes fun of Louie before consuming some bugs. Meanwhile later that night, Charley dreams that Regine comes to visit him, only for her to turn into a vampire and bite him. The next day Charley talks to his psychiatrist who assures him that what he dreamed was only natural. Alex finds Charley bowling, per doctor's orders, and Charley agrees to go to the symphony with her. On his way there however he sees his friend Richie (Merritt Butrick) with Regine and opts to follow him. Charley climbs up to a fire escape outside of Regine's apartment, only to be horrified when he sees Regine and Belle attack and drain Richie's blood. Charley runs off to find Peter, and the two of them arm themselves with crosses and crash Regine's party. There, Charley finds Richie but is shocked to find him alive and well with no bite marks on his neck. Regine makes her entrance, doing an erotic dance with a mesmerized Charley. She introduces herself to Peter and Charley, and claims to be a performance artist in town for some shows. Satisfied that what he thought was Regine attacking Richie was nothing but an act, Charley leaves when he remembers his date with Alex; Peter elects to stay behind and partake in the debauchery. Peter notes that there are people in the corners of the room biting others on the neck, piquing his curiosity. Noting the odd behavior, he draws his pocket mirror and finds that Regine and Belle, who are dancing in the middle of the dance floor, cast no reflections. Storming out of the party, Peter runs into Regine waiting for him outside. As he runs down the stairwell Peter again comes face-to-face with Regine, who reveals the "eternal secret": She is a vampire, the twin sister of Jerry Dandridge, and has come to take her revenge on both Charley and Peter. Peter runs back home and hides, resolving to tell Charley in the morning what has just transpired. Charley, meanwhile, blows off his date with Alex, returns home and falls asleep, only to be visited by Regine, who bites him on the neck while he sleeps. Charley, content with the explanation that Regine is a performance artist who only pretends to be a vampire, once again is in denial. He begins to discuss the situation with Alex when Peter arrives to try and warn the couple about Regine but neither believe him. Peter states that he has warned them and runs back to his home, packs his belongings and departs. Meanwhile, Charley has started to become more of a vampire, becoming sensitive to garlic and sunlight. After failing to talk to his psychiatrist, he overhears a news report about his Richie's body being discovered the previous night. Now believing that everything is real, Charley goes to see Peter, only to find that Peter has gone. Louie is once again stalking Alex and when Charley shows up he becomes physical. Louie reveals his true nature to Alex and Charley and stalks them in the school library, only to bust through a window and escape after Alex injures him by cramming wild roses into his mouth. Alex and Charley are then arrested by campus police. Peter, meanwhile, is also arrested after he shows up on the set of Fright Night and attempts to kill its new host, Regine, on live TV. Everyone thinks he's lost his sanity as he says, "I have to kill the vampire"; as a result, Peter ends up in a state hospital. Alex is bailed out by Charley's shrink and goes to post bail for Charley, only to find that he has already been bailed out by Regine. Alex and Dr. Harrison are on the way to the state hospital when the doctor reveals that he is in fact a vampire. He tries to bite Alex only for her to turn the tables on him and run him through with a piece of wood. She then assumes his identity as a doctor and tries to get Peter released. At the hospital, a commotion allows Alex and Peter to escape. Alex and Peter head to Regine's lair in order to save Charley. They find a disoriented Charley, who is slowly turning into a vampire. They rescue him from an undead Richie, and in the process manage to kill Belle, Bozworth and Louie before confronting Regine. She attempts to escape into her coffin, but finds that Charley has lined it with Communion wafers. Regine manages to knock Alex unconscious and attempts to turn Charley into a vampire, but Peter manages to destroys her with sunlight. The following day, Charley and Alex discuss the previous day's events, with Alex joking that if she wrote a book about it, no one would ever believe them. They know that with the death of Regine and her group there are no more vampires in existence, but acknowledge that they can never be 100% certain.
tt0083170
Adventure,Drama
In 1910, Jane Parker (Bo Derek) travels to West Africa seeking adventurer James Parker (Richard Harris), the father she has never known. She pays for passage on a small boat, but when drunken sailors break into her cabin, she shoots at them and subsequently sails to Parker's camp on a supply boat. Parker is stunned when Jane steps off the boat, noting she looks exactly like her mother, Elizabeth. Harry Holt (John Philip Law), the expedition photographer, is surprised to learn Parker has a daughter and insists Jane take his tent. Holt also introduces Jane to her father's mistress, a native woman Parker calls "Africa" (Akushula Selayah). That night, Jane dines with Parker and informs him that her mother recently died, leaving Jane a wealthy heiress. She hates her father for leaving shortly after her birth and only knows him through newspaper clippings of his adventures. Parker insists he loved them and still carries a photograph of his wife and baby daughter. In the morning, Jane learns that her father is searching for the legendary elephant graveyard, and declares she is joining the expedition over Parker's objections. Jane is adamant, so Parker gives her a pistol, and they set off into the jungle. Later, they reach a mountain of rock that must be scaled. As they camp for the night, Parker announces Jane must return to base camp in the morning and report on his "remarkable" progress. That evening, they hear someone yell and Parker claims it is the legendary Tarzan (Miles O'Keeffe), a gigantic white man who might be half ape. The native porters are frightened of Tarzan and do not want to continue, so Parker offers more money. When Tarzan yells again, Parker orders Africa to shame the workers by telling them she is not afraid to continue. The next day, Jane announces she is climbing the mountain, too, despite her father's protests. The rope wears thin as each person scales the mountain face, and as the last worker climbs, the rope breaks and the man falls to his death. Later, Parker shows Jane a map he found in a Cairo, Egypt, museum revealing the route taken by an Egyptian expedition 1,000 years ago to a graveyard of ivory near an inland sea. Jane is doubtful, but as they continue to hike through a river, Parker hears the sound of waves. The group runs through the jungle and onto the beach of the inland sea. While the others continue on their trek, Jane insists on bathing alone, and plans to meet them at the campsite. After bathing, a lion runs onto the beach, and she dives back into the water. The lion watches her until Tarzan yells, and runs onto the beach to pet the animal. When a large wave washes over Jane, Tarzan attempts to save her, but she thinks he is attacking and tries to escape. Moments later, a shot scares the lion away and a second shot drives Tarzan away as Parker and Holt arrive to rescue Jane. As they camp that night, Parker insists the "ape" desires Jane. Parker plans to kill Tarzan and hang his stuffed body as a trophy. However, Jane declares Tarzan is a man, and she knows he did not want to hurt her. As they journey through the jungle, the expedition is unaware that members of an unfriendly tribe follow them. Africa is abducted by the savage tribe, but Parker mistakenly thinks Tarzan kidnapped her and it fuels his desire to kill the ape man. As they continue through the jungle, Jane stops at the river to fill her canteen and Parker orders Holt to watch her. However, Holt turns his back for a second and Tarzan pulls Jane under the water and they disappear. He carries her through the jungle, swinging on vines. When they stop, Jane fires her gun as a warning, and Tarzan runs away. Jane maneuvers through the jungle and hears a shot fired in the distance as Parker and Holt try to locate her. She fires in response and leans against a tree to wait for them. However, an enormous snake wraps itself around her and she falls into the water while struggling to escape. Tarzan swings to the rescue, battles the snake, and carries Jane off. He swings her through the jungle until he cannot move anymore, then drops to the ground, unconscious. Chimpanzees and an orangutan surround their friend, and an elephant lifts Tarzan with its tusks and carries him to a nearby river. Jane follows and rips a piece off her skirt, wets the cloth and bathes Tarzan. When Tarzan awakens, Jane realizes he does not understand what she is saying. The humans and monkeys swim together and when it gets dark, Tarzan takes Jane to his bower in the trees where they sleep. In the morning as they bathe, Tarzan is intrigued by Jane's bare breasts. Although he cannot understand her, Jane confides that she is still a virgin and assumes he is one, too. Meanwhile, Parker, Holt and a guide lead separate search parties looking for Jane. Unknown to Parker and Holt, the guide's group is captured by the evil tribe. Later, Parker and Holt meet on the beach. Jane tracks the search parties' shots and runs onto the sand, followed by Tarzan. Parker aims his rifle, but Jane tells him not to shoot, and Tarzan escapes into the trees. As Jane reveals that Tarzan did not abduct Africa, the evil tribe surrounds them. They kill the native workers and kidnap Jane, Parker and Holt, taking them by canoe to the village of the "Ivory King." Parker and Holt are tied up, while Jane is stripped, bathed and painted white from head to toe in preparation for being raped by the Ivory King. However, Tarzan leads a pack of elephants toward the camp and kills the guards. As the king moves toward Jane, Parker frees himself and attacks. The king knocks Parker aside and spears him with an elephant tusk. Tarzan's yell announces his arrival as he swings into camp and fights the king. The other tribesmen do not intervene, but allow the two to battle until Tarzan snaps the king's neck. Jane rushes to her dying father's side and they admit their mutual love. Jane asks Holt to tell the world of her father's success, then leaves to live with Tarzan in the jungle.
tt0093171
Action,Comedy,Sci-Fi
This movie premise is that the world was destroyed in a nuclear war many years ago. Now the human race has been almost wiped out and common frogs have mutated into intelligent, bipedal creatures. The human race has been sterilized by the war radiation, and human women outnumber men. Fertile women are a very rare, but fertile men are even rarer. Roddy Piper is an opportunist drifter. This Roddy 'Sam Hell' Piper has apparently left a string of pregnancies behind him. After being captured, he's taken to the evil 'Med-tech' labs where the female staff then forces him into servicing female candidates. Either, he signs a contract to "work" for them fertilizing women, or he has to go back and face the wrath of the evil frogs beings. The Med-tech women put a steel jock strap on him to protect their property. The strap front plate says, "Property of Provisional Government". But, the evil frog people beings have raided a border town and stolen many rare fertile women. It's up to Sam Hell and two Med-tech staff women to get them out of 'Frogtown' and be fertilized for humanity sake.
tt0095488
Horror
Angus Flint [Peter Calfoldi] is an archeologist come to dig at the Bed & Breakfast inn run by the Trent sisters, Mary [Sammi Davis] and Eve [Catherine Oxenberg. Flint discovers some Roman coins and a strange skull, and he learns the local legend of how the D'Ampton family slew the white "worm", actually a snake or dragon. Legend also has it that the lair of the white worm is in Stonerigg Cavern, where the watch of the Trent sisters' father shows up a year after both he and wife disappeared near the Temple Mansion. When Lady Sylvia Marsh [Amanda Donohue] moves into the Mansion, people begin to disappear. Agnus, Mary, Eve, and their friend Lord James d'Ampton [Hugh Grant] search the canyon; Sylvia abducts Eve and prepares to sacrifice her to the worm, whom she calls the God Dionin. Angus and Mary save Eve and sacrifice Lady Sylvia instead. Unfortunately, Angus was bitten by Sylvia and the antidote he took turns out to be for arthritis.
tt0071524
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Chicago, Illinois, 1929. Outside a criminal courts building, police build a scaffold and bleachers for the public hanging of Earl Williams, who has been convicted of killing a policeman. Upstairs, reporters play poker in the press room. Newspaper editor Walter Burns (Walter Matthau) calls from the Chicago Examiner, looking for reporter Hildebrand 'Hildy' Johnson (Jack Lemmon) to put him on the story, but he's not there. Walter leaves word that Hildy should immediately come to his office. Later, Hildy wanders into Walter's office at a leisurely pace and informs the editor that he's in love. Walter tells Hildy he wants him to cover the hanging the next morning and snap an illegal picture of the hanged man with a hidden camera. Minutes after the execution, an ambulance will be waiting for Hildy outside so that he can type his story in the back and beat the other newspapers to press with a morning extra. Hildy tells Walter he's quitting to get married and move to Philadelphia. He plans to take an advertising job so that he can spend time with his future wife instead of continuing as a workaholic reporter. Walter resents Hildy for betraying him, insisting that he taught Hildy everything he knows. Determined to keep Hildy in town and on the Williams story, Walter tracks down Hildy's fiancee, Peggy Grant (Susan Sarandon), an organist who works at a movie theater. Posing as Otto Fishbein, a probation officer, he tells Peggy that Hildy is on probation and cannot legally move to another city. Hildy then calls his fiancee, and, over the phone, realizes that Walter is playing a trick. Hildy explains to Peggy that Fishbein is actually Walter, and she sends him away. At the criminal courts press room, Hildy's replacement, Rudy Keppler (Jon Korkes), arrives and informs the others that Hildy has left the business. Mollie Malloy (Carol Burnett) arrives moments later, and yells at the reporters for writing lies about her, claiming she is Williams' girlfriend. Mollie confesses that she had befriended Williams but was not his girlfriend. Unlike the reporters, Mollie believes that Williams didn't intentionally kill anyone. As Mollie leaves, Hildy shows up with drinks to celebrate his new advertising job. Just then, the sheriff (Vincent Gardenia) visits the press room to hand out tickets to the hanging. Hildy accuses the sheriff and mayor of reprieving Williams twice so that the hanging would take place just before an election. The sheriff insists that Williams is a communist who is very sane and shot the policeman to make a political statement. Hildy disagrees, claiming that Williams is "just a screwball." At the jailhouse, Williams (Austin Pendleton), a diminutive, soft-spoken man, is escorted to the sheriff's office for his final psychological examination. Williams calmly explains to Dr. Eggelhofer (Martin Gabel) that he once sent a bomb to J. P. Morgan's office on Wall Street, then contradicts himself by saying he loves people and would never abuse anyone. Eggelhofer borrows the sheriff's gun to demonstrate his theory about why Williams shot at the police officer. Upstairs, Hildy's celebration is interrupted by gunshots. Sirens blare, more shots are heard, and the reporters realize Williams has escaped. Hildy gets on the phone to tell Walter the news. The editor laments that Hildy is no longer reporting, but Hildy promises he's "right on top of it." Downstairs, the sheriff tells reporters about Williams' escape, but insists he doesn't know where the prisoner got a gun. Hildy runs into Jennie (Doro Merande), the building's janitor, who overheard the incident. She tells Hildy she had better not reveal what she overheard, as the sheriff would fire her. Meanwhile, the injured Eggelhofer's stretcher falls out of an ambulance. As the stretcher speeds down the street, Eggelhofer yells repeatedly that Williams is a "fruitcake." Hildy phones Walter to tell him what he's learned from Jennie, that Eggelhofer used the sheriff's gun to reenact the crime, and Williams stole it, shot Eggelhofer, and made his escape. Hildy then informs Walter that Peggy is picking him up in 15 minutes and he can no longer follow the story. The Mayor (Harold Gould) addresses reporters in his office and tells them he has utter faith in the sheriff. After the reporters leave, the Mayor reprimands the sheriff for letting Williams get away. A man named Plunkett (Paul Benedict) arrives and delivers a reprieve for Williams, sent by the Governor. The sheriff receives a phone call that police have trapped Williams. The Mayor tells Plunkett that the reprieve is not applicable because Williams has escaped custody, but he may try to serve the reprieve again tomorrow. The Mayor then sends orders, via the sheriff, for the police to "shoot to kill," now that Williams is in their sights. Headed for a night train to Philadelphia, Hildy joins Peggy in a taxi outside the courthouse. However, when he realizes he left the wedding rings, he runs back inside. There, Hildy finds the rings moments before Williams falls through a window and points a gun at him. Hildy reminds Williams that he conducted an interview with the convict at his jail cell a few days ago. Williams then passes out, and Hildy drags him to the bathroom, draws the curtains, and calls Walter to tell him that he has Williams in his custody. Mollie shows up, and Williams emerges at the sound of her voice. Hildy sends Peggy to pick up their luggage while he finishes up some last-minute business. Hildy hides Williams inside a roll-top desk when the other reporters demand entry to the press room. The men suspect Hildy is hiding something. To cover for Hildy, Mollie claims to know where Williams is, then jumps out the window. The reporters run outside to see if she's still alive. As the room clears, Walter appears at the door. He orders a delivery truck and six large men to move the desk, with Williams inside, to the Chicago Examiner office. Hildy types up a story while Walter takes Williams' picture and sends Keppler to develop the negative. Just then, Peggy returns to find Hildy typing away with Walter at his side. Distracted, Hildy suggests Peggy go to the train station ahead of him, and she leaves, dejected. When he finishes the story, Hildy becomes frustrated with Walter's persistence and heads off to the train station. Before he can leave, however, the sheriff shows up with the other reporters, all of whom accuse Hildy of hiding something. A policeman holds Hildy, while the sheriff demands Williams' whereabouts. The sheriff finally realizes Williams is inside the desk. Police escort Williams away, and the sheriff arrests Hildy and Walter for hiding the convict. In a jail cell, Hildy blames Walter for keeping him from Peggy. In a neighboring cell, Plunkett, who has been arrested for drunkenness, overhears Walter and informs him that he has Williams' reprieve. The Mayor arrives at the jail, and Walter presents him with the reprieve, accusing him of ignoring it so that he could hang Williams before the election. The Mayor lets Walter and Hildy out, and Walter arranges for Hildy to be rushed to the train station to meet Peggy. Just before the train pulls away, Walter gives Hildy his pocket watch as a gift for service to his newspaper. After the train pulls out of the station, Walter (crafty and evil to the end) arranges for Hildy to be arrested at the next stop for stealing his watch! The film closes with a series of texts that say that some time later, Hildy returned to the Chicago Examiner to become Managing Editor. Walter retired, lecturing from time to time at the University of Chicago on the ethics of journalism. Williams, now freed, got married to Mollie, and the two run a health-food store together.
tt0082199
Action,Adventure,Comedy
Woodrow "Woody" Wilkins (Michael Crawford) is an imaginative, yet eccentric, American comic book writer and illustrator who demands a sense of realism for his comic book hero "Condorman", to the point where he crafts a Condorman flying suit of his own and launches himself off the Eiffel Tower in Paris, France. The test flight fails as his right wing breaks, sending him crashing into the Seine River. Later after the incident, Woody is asked by his friend, CIA file clerk Harry Oslo (James Hampton), to perform what appears to be a civilian paper swap in Istanbul. Upon arriving in Istanbul, he goes to a local restaurant where he meets a beautiful Russian woman named Natalia Rambova (Barbara Carrera), who poses as the Soviet civilian with whom the exchange is supposed to take place, but it is later revealed that she is in fact a KGB spy. Woody does not tell Natalia his real name, and instead fabricates his identity to her as a top American agent code-named "Condorman". During the encounter, Woody fends off a group of would-be assassins and saves her life by sheer luck before accomplishing the paper trade. Impressed by Woody, and disgusted by how she was treated by her lover/boss Krokov (Oliver Reed) when she returns to Moscow, Natalia decides to defect and asks the CIA to have "Condorman" be the agent that helps her. Back in Paris, Woody's encounter with Natalia inspires him to create a super heroine patterned after her named "Laser Lady". He is then notified by Harry and his boss Russ Devil (Dana Elcar) that he is to escort a defecting Soviet agent known as "The Bear". Woody refuses to do the job, but when Russ reveals that "The Bear" is Natalia, he agrees to do it on the condition that the CIA chief (Robert Arden) provides him with laser gadgetry based on his designs. Woody meets up with Natalia in Yugoslavia and protects her from Krokov's henchmen led by the homicidal, glass-eyed assassin Morovich (Jean-Pierre Kalfon). After joining Harry in Italy, the trio venture to Switzerland, where Natalia discovers the truth about Woody when a group of children recognize her from his comic books. Their journey back to France is compromised when Morovich puts Woody and Harry out of commission and Krokov's men recover Natalia before retreating to their headquarters in Monte Carlo. Woody is told that the mission is a failure and he and Harry are ordered to return to Paris, but he asks for two more days to conduct an operation to rescue Natalia. Disguising themselves as Arab sheiks, Woody and Harry create a diversion at the Monte Carlo Casino to recover Natalia from Krokov and his men. As Harry drives away in a Rolls-Royce, Woody uses an improved version of his Condorman suit to fly himself and Natalia out of the casino and onto the pier, where the trio make their getaway aboard the Condorboat. They manage to destroy Krokov's speedboats following them, but Krokov and Morovich pursue them in their own speedboat. The Condorboat reaches its pick-up point, but Morovich shows his intent on ramming it. When Morovich ignores his commander's orders to return to base, Krokov abandons ship. The Condorboat is lifted by the CIA helicopter in time to prevent a collision, causing Morovich to crash on an island rock killing him. However, Krokov survives and while bobbing up and down in the water, watching the helicopter fly away, as he vows to get revenge against Condorman and his crew another time. In the final scene, set a few days later, Woody, Natalia and Harry are at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles watching a football game, where they see the Goodyear Blimp flash a sign welcoming Natalia to the U.S. Aboard the blimp, Russ contacts Harry and has him ask Woody if he is interested in taking Condorman to another assignment.
tt0082449
Drama,Horror,Thriller
In a small New England town, four elderly men form what they call the "Chowder Society," regaling themselves with the telling of scary "ghost stories." Membership in the club, in fact, requires that one present such a story. The four old friends consist of Ricky Hawthorne (Fred Astaire), a lawyer, and his partner Sears James (John Houseman), along with Dr. John Jaffrey (Melvyn Douglas) and Edward Charles Wanderley (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.), a successful businessman. When Edward's son, David, living in New York, falls from a window after the girl he's sleeping with turns suddenly into a hideous demon, Edward grieves. His other son, Don (Craig Wasson), a college professor who's fallen on hard times, shows up in town, not getting a great reception from Edward, who always preferred the other, more ambitious son. But now the four elderly gentlemen are unsettled, experiencing nightmares. Clearly, something is bothering them. Edward becomes so distraught, he wanders across a bridge in the snow. When he sees the same female apparition that caused his son to fall to his death, Edward, too, falls to his death from the bridge. Although his death is ruled a suicide, his son Don and Edward's three remaining elderly friends doubt it. Don approaches the remaining three friends, requesting membership in their group, offering up a bizarre "ghost" story of his own. Don's flashback: A few years earlier, then a promising junior professor in Miami, Florida, Don meets Alma (Alice Krige), a beautiful if mysterious secretary who comes to work at the university. They immediately become involved in a torrid sexual affair, which interferes with Don's job, causing him to miss work and earn the scorn of the Dean who previously championed him. But Don finds something strange about this strange, exotic woman -- a coldness, and he drops her. Later, he hears from his brother David that he has met the same girl in New York and intends to marry her. Don warns his brother that she's trouble, but to no avail. And indeed, Don suspects she caused his death - the fall from the building as seen earlier. Back in the present, the elderly friends react to Don's story. Sears dismisses it, but Ricky believes him. Elderly Dr. John Lafferty, after having a nightmare about the same woman - Alma - dies of a heart attack. This leaves only Sears and Ricky. Thus, they finally tell Don their own strange history with a woman who looked exactly like Alma. Their flashback: Back when the four friends were young in 1931, the beautiful Eva Galli (also Alice Krige) came to town, and, indeed, it's obvious that she's the same person as Alma in the present. The four friends are smitten with Eva, who encourages their sexual interest. It was Young Edward (Don's father) who first took her to bed, but he was impotent with her. When she mocked him later in front of his friends, Young Edward leaps to silence her, knocking her down, accidentally killing her when her head smashes into the stone fireplace. Horrified, the young men realize that she's dead. They consider calling police, but realize it would only mean wrecking their lives. Instead, they load her body into her car, then push it into the nearby lake. As the car descends, Eva stirs inside, looking out at them from the back window.... still alive! Back in the present, Ricky and Sears admit that the death has haunted them all these years. Whereas Sears is dubious, both Ricky and Don believe that Alma and Eva are one in the same and that her ghost has returned to seek revenge after 50 years. Don suggests they go to Eva's old house, now in ruins, to confront the past and her ghost once and for all. They go there, but Don falls on the rotting stairs and breaks his leg. Sears goes off in his car through the snow for help, leaving Don and Ricky behind, but one of Alma/Eva's evil accomplices, an evil boy, causes his car to crash off the icy road and he dies. Ricky nearly dies at the hands of one of Alma's the accomplices, an arrogant young Hod, but Ricky manages to get to the authorities, telling them to pull Eva's car up from the lake to reveal her body inside. This is intercut with Don, who confronts the rotting specter of Alma/Eva's ghost. Ricky and the authorities drag out the ancient car, opening the rusted, corroded door, finding the still-living rotting corpse inside. It falls out, disintegrating before their eyes. Don is spared from the monstrosity of her vengeful ghost, and the town is restored to peace.
tt0081809
Action,Adventure,Thriller
A group of reporters board a supply ship that restocks two oil drilling platforms in the North Sea. Only it turns out the "reporters" are actually criminals who have decided to hijack the ship, plant mines on the platforms, then inform the British Government (as majority owner of the oil platforms) that it can pay them US$25 million or watch both platforms - and the ship they are on - explode in a blaze of glory, plus $1,000 million in damages from the loss of the oil platforms. They have 24 hours to produce the money. The Prime Minister speaks to her cabinet, and finds that there is a retired military officer, Rufus Excalibur ffolkes (Roger Moore) who runs an organization which does hostage rescue and anti-terrorist intervention. It is decided that his team will go in and defeat the terrorists. The leader of the gang, whose code name is Cramer (played by Tony Perkins, decides he doesn't like the look of ffolkes (who is in the disguise of an actual miltary officer) and has him sent back, which disrupts his plans. He must resort to using a wet suit to swim over to the captured ship, where his own team will sneak aboard and defuse the bomb before they can get to it and set it off. The Prime Minister informs ffolkes that they have the money, and it might be simpler to pay them off. He adamantly refuses, "Madam Prime Minister, you cannot pay off these people. Otherwise every madman in a ... rowing boat will hold the British nation to ransom." He informs her that they are to send out a helicopter, as the terrorists have demanded, but instead of the ransom, it is to have a bomb large enough to destroy the ship the terrorists have seized. He will send a signal if they defeat them, but if his team can't stop the terrorists before the deadline, the bomb is to be dropped, even though about 20 innocent people will be killed, plus himself. In the end, he is able to defeat the terrorists, and Cramer almost reaches the trigger for the bomb, but ffolkes disables it in time and Cramer and all the other terrorists are killed.
tt0080354
Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller
The film opens with a little girl attending an alligator stunt show with her parents on a vacation in Florida. The crowd watches as men perform daredevil interactions with the gators until one of them gets taken by surprise and mauled by one of the alligators. The crowd responds with lurid fascination, and the proprietors of the attraction are selling baby alligators to the patrons. The little girl buys one and takes it home with her to Chicago, where she places it in an aquarium and names it Ramon. Her friendship with Ramon is short lived, however, when her father flushes Ramon down the toilet in a fit of rage about something. Ramon emerges in the Chicago sewers intact. The film flashes forward to present times (12 years later), where we meet a Chicago police detective named David Madison (Robert Forster). Madison is a cop trying to make good again after a bungled operation that left his partner dead. Human body parts start showing up in the city's water filtration systems, and Madison takes a young rookie down into the sewer to investigate for signs of foul play. While they are down there, they get attacked by the culprit: an enormous alligator is living in the sewers, presumably Ramon, now grown to a monstrous length of 36 feet. Madison escapes but his partner is killed by the gator, leading to more suspicion and the possible ruination of his career. He enlists the aid of Marisa Kendall (Robin Riker), a zooligist specializing in reptiles; Marisa happens to be the little girl from the introduction, the one who was so interested in alligators and whose father flushed hers down the toilet. At first she is skeptical and refuses to believe that an alligator could survive in the sewers of Chicago, but another victim goes missing in the sewers and his camera is turned up with photographic evidence of the monster. Madison links the mysterious activity in the sewer to a pharmaceutical company performing experiments with hormones. The company has been injecting dogs with serum intended to accelerate their growth. When finished with their "specimens", mostly dogs that have been acquired by illegal means and killed in the process, they give the carcasses to a shady character who dumps them into the sewer. Hence, the alligator has been feeding on these dead dogs for years, consuming the growth hormones within them and therefore growing to gigantic proportions. Eventually the alligator, disturbed by all the sudden activity in its area of the sewer, emerges from underground and rampages through the city. Many people are attacked, and although Madison has been lambasted by the police force, he is out to get the alligator for revenge. The city makes numerous attempts to stop the gator, including a pompous big game hunter they enlist to kill it. The plan backfires when the gator ambushes the hunter in an alley and eats him. In an ironic turn of events, the owner of the pharmaceutical company finds a black tie event at his mansion interrupted by a visit from the monstrous gator, who attacks a number of his party guests and kills him in his own limousine. Finally Madison and Marisa enact a plan when the alligator makes its way back to the sewer; Madison follows him down there with a bomb, and Marisa stays topside to make sure Madison's exit manhole stays clear. Madison is almost killed when a woman stops her car right on top of the manhole and blocks his exit, but they manage to get him out in the nick of time. Ramon is blown to smithereens when the bomb goes off, but we see another baby alligator emerge in the sewer from a drainpipe, presumably flushed down there by another unfriendly owner.
tt0081383
Horror,Thriller
Inside an old abandoned building, four children are playing a game in which they all hide while one of them looks for the others, calling out "the killer is coming!" Young Kim and her two twin siblings, Alex and Robin, walk by and see the children playing. Kim and Alex leave, but Robin lingers, hoping to join the game. But upon entering the building, the four kids gang up on her, chanting "kill!" until Robin has nowhere to go. Backing up into a window, Robin crashes through and falls out of a second floor to her death below. One of the kids, Nick, wants to get help, but Wendy convinces all of them that the best thing to do is tell no one and never tell anyone about what happened. Wendy, Nick, Jude, and Kelly swear to keep quiet. As they leave the building and ride away on their bicycles, an unseen person sees them ride off. Later that evening, Robin's father, Mr. Hammond (Leslie Nielsen) and the police are at the scene. They have surmised that Robin was the victim of a sexual attack by a homicidal maniac. They think they know who is responsible and the cops go off to question a suspect. Six years later. The now grown-up Kim (Jamie Lee Curtis) and Alex (Michael Tough) are visiting their sister's grave with their parents. A little later, an unseen person with a creaky voice is telephoning each member of the guilty party one by one telling them, "I'll see you at the prom!" The timid Kelly is upset, while Jude and Wendy think that it's a prank. Meanwhile, Detective McBride (George Touliatos) is unsettled because a psycho killer named Leonard Murch has escaped from a local clinic hospital. Murch was a known sex offender and pedophile who the police (mistakenly) suspected was responsible for Robin's death. That night when McBride and his men approached Murch at his apartment for questioning, he fled before they could ask him any questions. Murch led the police on a high speed car chase which ended when his car slid off the road resulting in it getting wrecked and exploding in a mass of flames. Murch suffered horrible burns all over his body and has been residing in the asylum for the criminal insane after he was deemed mentally unfit to stand trial for Robin's murder. McBride suspects that Murch may want to head back to the town where it happened to look for more victims. When the police discover the dead body of a nurse that Murch took as a hostage during his escape from the hospital, McBride and the asylum psychiatrist Dr. Fairchild believe that Murch may have returned to the town for revenge against everyone. In town, it is revealed that Nick is Kim's latest boyfriend. Wendy is Nick's ex-girlfriend, and she is certainly not happy that the new couple are going to their senior prom together. Wendy tries to assure Kim that the relationship will not last by telling her "It's not who you go with. It's who takes you home". Later, the school bully and misfit Lou (David Mucci), is messing with Kim in the cafeteria wearing a mouth-less ski mask. Alex steps in to defend his sister, and he holds his own against Lou's two pals until Lou sucker punches him in the back. Brought before the principal, whom is Mr. Hammond, he suspends Lou for fighting. As Lou leaves the school grounds, Wendy tries to talk to him. When Nick and Kim are walking around, Nick tries to tell her about that fateful day, but is he not able to. Meanwhile, Wendy makes devious plans to break up Kim and Nick, and she tells Lou that she doesn't want anyone hurt. Lou tells her that he will take care of it. Nearby, Jude is picked up for a ride home by Slick, an outcast student who drives a Chevy van, whom he asks her to the prom and she accepts. In the girls locker room after tennis practice, Wendy finds her school photograph torn from the yearbook and hanging on the front of her locker. When Kim and her friend, Kelly, are alone, they hear a loud noise in the locker room and they see that a mirror has been smashed. After checking around the locker room, the return to see that a fragment of the mirror is gone. Jude and Kelly both find their yearbook photographs inside their lockers, as does Nick. That night, Lou picks up Wendy to take her to the prom. Mr. Hammond is the chaperone and Alex is the DJ for the disco music. Everyone is having a good time dancing and listening to the music and watch Kim and Nick do their well-choreographed dance on the dance floor before everyone. Detective McBride secretly arrives at the dance to oversee it and to make sure that nothing bad happens. Kelly and her boyfriend, Drew, leave the gymnasium for a part of the school in a locker room where they begin to make out. Kelly decides that she cannot go any further, and an irate Drew goes elsewhere telling Kelly that he knows "plenty who will". After Drew walks out on Kelly, an unidentified figure donning the ski mask and wearing all-black clothing stealthily approaches the tearful Kelly and kills her by slitting her throat with a mirror shard. Jude and Slick decide to sneak out of the festivities in the gym for some intimate time as well. Outside, Jude and Slick are in the back of his van enjoying the privacy. After spending a bit of time outside the van, they hear noises and thinking that someone is nearby spying on them, go back inside the vehicle to smoke some marijuana. After a minute, the back doors open and the masked killer stabs Jude's neck with the mirror shard. The murderer then leaps in after Slick who fights back and pushes the killer out of his van and starts it up to run the killer over. The killer leaps out of the way and grabs onto Slick as he is trying to drive away. After wildly spinning around, the killer jumps free and the van with Slick inside goes over a cliff and explodes. The killer returns to the school, now wielding a felling axe and follows Wendy out of the gym to the ladies room where she is putting on makeup. The lights are turned off and the killer attacks her. Wendy gets away and a long chase through the school begins as Wendy tries to outrun her axe-wielding pursuer. The chase leads through the darkened halls, classrooms, and the workshop area. Wendy almost gets away, but in due time the killer finds her when she screams to the discovery of Kelly's body in a linen closet and she is axed to her death. Back inside the prom, McBride is told by another police officer that Murch has been caught and was several miles away from the town. When McBride leaves, Kim begins looking for her father, but cannot find him as he is to announce the new prom king and queen. So, a teacher decides to announce the winners himself. Backstage, Nick and Kim ready themselves for the announcement of prom king and queen when Nick is accosted by Lou's thugs and Lou takes his place backstage with the crown. The killer, believing Lou to be Nick-in-waiting, approaches from behind and decapitates Lou, with his head landing on the catwalk and causing the students to scream and flee from the gymnasium. The killer is knocked out when he accidentally hits a fuse box. Kim finds Nick and frees him and tries to help him get out of the building. The killer revives and, quickly realizing his mistake, blocks the exit and attacks Nick and Kim. Note: the killer only wants to kill Nick and cares little about Kim whom is trying to stop him. After a struggle between Nick and the killer, Kim bluntly hits the killer's head with his own axe where Kim pauses for a moment and recognizes the killer's identity from the eyes. The killer stumbles away and outside where McBride returns with the police who have surrounded the place. As they take aim, Kim runs outside and yells at the officers not to shoot. Kim runs to the collapsed killer's side, who is revealed to be Alex, the twin of Robin. Kim holds Alex who tells her that Nick and his friends were responsible for killing Robin. As Alex dies from his wound, Nick walks outside and stares at a tearful Kim as she continues holding her deceased brother in her arms.
tt0083067
Comedy,Musical
A Texan-accented narrator introduces the viewers to the shadowy Denton TV executive Farley Flavors (Cliff De Young), who has lived his life "fast" but still feels incomplete without a certain woman... who belongs to someone else. As Flavors watches from his office, his television studio... which now encompasses the entire town of Denton... is steadily filled with the former residents of Denton, who gleefully assume their new roles as studio audience members of a 24-hour live reality television broadcast ('Overture'). The sole holdout in the celebration is the neurotic Brad Majors (also Cliff De Young in a dual role), who despite the insistence of his wife, Janet (Jessica Harper), that things will be OK, is ambivalent about the town's transformation. Once the audience is seated, they are greeted by a welcoming committee led by local reporter and documentary filmmaker Neely Pritt (Betsy Brantley), who inform the audience... and viewers on television... of Denton's supposed virtues ('Denton, U.S.A.'). Brad and Janet are chosen as contestants on "Marriage Maze," a supposed game show whose only purpose seems to be committing people to "Dentonvale", Denton's resident hospital and insane asylum which also serves as the reality TV hospital series of the same name. Janet is given the opportunity to have Brad committed by the show's host, a supposedly blind and flaky Austrian named Bert Schnick (Barry Humphries), who promises her that the experience will improve their marriage. Janet and Brad lament the state of their relationship, with Janet ultimately deciding to have Brad sent to Dentonvale ('Bitchin' in the Kitchen'). Upon arriving at Dentonvale, Brad and Janet are greeted by the eccentric staff whom include Nurse Ansalong (Nell Campbell), her boyfriend and fellow orderly 'Rest Home' Ricky (Rik Mayall), and Dentonvale's supervisors, the apparently incestuous siblings Dr. Cosmo and Nation McKinley (Richard O'Brien and Patricia Quinn). Despite Brad's objections, Cosmo has him drugged, bound, gagged, and placed in a padded cell known as the "Terminal Ward." Before Janet can sign the papers permitting the McKinleys to treat Brad, Nurse Ansalong tells her to wait a day, to give her time to make up her mind. Meanwhile, Janet's parents, Emily and Harry Weiss (Darlene Johnson and Manning Redwood), are brought onto "Marriage Maze" and promised a prize if they offer a psychological assessment of Brad. Deciding that he's regressing into childhood, the Weisses are awarded a vacation home on another of DTV's reality TV programs called "Happy Homes". Janet goes to meet them there and laments Brad's lack of assertiveness, wishing he could see that she still loves him instead of giving into the doldrums of marriage ('In My Own Way'). Mr. Weiss chastises Janet for marrying Brad, an orphan whose parents died in a car crash, rather than other boys from more stable home backgrounds. Janet tells her father that the boy he'd wanted her to marry turned out to be gay, prompting Mr. Weiss to proclaim the virtues of traditional American masculinity ('Thank God I'm a Man'). In Dentonvale, the McKinleys are informed by Bert that financing for their show has been taken over by Farley Flavors' own personal company, a fast food enterprise, named "Five Flavors", which Farley hopes to use to finance a pop psychology movement, using a new TV reality/talk show program titled "Faith Factory" as the platform and the McKinleys as his mouthpieces. The reluctant McKinleys are quickly taken in by a persuasive videotaped pitch, and on Farley's orders, they recruit Janet to be the face of Farley's "Take Away Psychology," as he believes she is the perfect example of the girl next door ('Farley's Song'). Janet moves into Dentonvale with the McKinleys and Bert Shnick, with the promise that her new life as an exciting model will make her desirable to Brad again ('Lullaby'). Meanwhile, Judge Wright (Charles Gray) and Betty Hapschatt (Ruby Wax), two DTV presenters from the news show "Denton Dossier" whom are sympathetic to Brad, look into the histories of Farley and the McKinleys, suspecting that there is a sinister motive behind "Faith Factory." However, their investigation is hampered when they are informed that they are being replaced as anchorpeople of "Denton Dossier" by Betty's ex-husband Ralph (Jeremy Newson) whom is currently dating the hot blond reporter Macy Struthers (Wendy Raeback) whom gets promoted to be the new co-anchor. The next day, after Nation catches a fully-sighted Bert Schnick spying on Janet in the shower, Cosmo strokes Janet's ego and designs a sexy new outfit for her, transforming her into "Miss Mental Health" ('Little Black Dress'). DTV manufactures Janet into an overnight sensation, and the newfound fame immediately goes to Janet's head, causing her to forget about repairing her marriage with Brad as she makes her debut by singing her song to the studio audence of her new fame. ('Me of Me'). Janet, her parents, and Bert Schnick go to visit Brad at Dentonvale, where the Weisses question whether the McKinleys can really help him. The Dentonvale Staff assure everyone of their competency, "curing" Bert's blindness to demonstrate their abilities ('Shock Treatment'). Janet and her parents are completely taken in, but Janet's ego becomes difficult for the McKinley's to control. To keep Janet manageable, they drug her in her dressing room, resulting in a surreal dream sequence in which she patrols Denton looking for sex while Brad begs her for love from his asylum cell ('Looking for Trade'). As the premier of the new psychology reality TV show "Faith Factory" nears, Bert, the Dentonvale Staff, and the Weisses prepare for their new TV roles by dressing up in white doctor and nurse uniforms in the wardrobe room as they sing about their new images ('Look What I Did To My Id'). Meanwhile, Betty hacks into DTV's computer system and learns that the McKinleys are in fact character actors and that "Dentonvale" isn't a real hospital. "Faith Factory" goes on the air, opening with a live musical performance by Janet's groupies, a punk band called Oscar Drill and the Bits ('Breaking Out'). Using the performance as a cover, Judge Wright and Betty dress up as white-lab coated doctors and break Brad out of Dentonvale, telling him that they've learned Farley is his biological twin brother, who was split from him during the adoption process and grew up poor. Now the wealthy and powerful Farley wants to destroy Brad's life out of jealousy, and is planning to seduce Janet on national TV as the last part of his plan. Brad, Judge Wright, and Betty break through the wall of the "Faith Factory" set, and Brad finally confronts Farley face-to-face about his plan ('Duel Duet'). Farley demands Brad be remanded to the hospital, but Janet, finally snapped out of her ego-trip, informs him that she never signed the consent forms. Angrily, Farley has Brad, Janet, Wright, and Betty arrested, and hastily names DTV host Macy Struthers as the new "Miss Mental Health." His psychology program ready to go, Farley invites the studio audience to join him in Dentonvale, to which they readily agree... they are all summarily handed stripped straight jackets, which they happily don and file out of the studio. Betty uses a hairpin to pick the lock on hers, Brad, Janet and the Judge's holding cell, and the shunned and defeated foursome resolves to leave Denton behind, but with their hopes and ideals intact despite the loss of everything ('Anyhow Anyhow'). With the help of Oscar Drill and the Bits, they hotwire a car that was meant to be a prize on "Faith Factory" and they all drive away off the deserted soundstage, out of the studio and the town itself, as Farley and the Dentonvale staff celebrate having just committed the entire town of Denton to the terminal ward in Dentonvale ('Denton, U.S.A. Reprise').
tt0086610
Horror,Sci-Fi
Sam Phillips (Philip Sayer) and his child Tony (Simon Nash) are playing outside their farm. The father is abducted by a strong light. Three years later, the light returns, and plants a seed. A half-human, half-alien creature (Tim Dry) grows up, and when it moves it is run over by a car. The driver Ben (Robert Pereno) is attacked and killed when he looks for the crash victim. Jane (Katherine Best), his companion, is also killed by the hybrid creature. The monster moves to a cottage nearby and attacks and impregnates a woman (Susie Silvey) living there; when she returns to consciousness, the alien monster decomposes into dust, and the woman's belly rapidly and painfully grows to a gargantuan size and she gives birth, vaginally, to a fully formed and bloody Sam, who is connected to her by an umbilical cord like a baby is to its mother, before dying. Sam washes the blood off, steals Ben's clothes and drives his car without bothering to get rid of Jane's corpse, which will be found by a lorry-driver (David Cardy). Sam seeks Tony, who lives in an apartment building in London, with his mother Rachael (Bernice Stegers), her new boyfriend Joe Daniels (Danny Brainin), and a French au-pair Analise Mercier (Mariam d'Abo). Rachel and Joe are professional photographers and share a studio in town. For the past few night, Tony has nightmares where he wakes up soaked in blood, but it's not his, as the family doctor discovers. Sam picks Tony up from school, until Rachel finds them. Although Joe doesn't like it, as he intends to marry Rachel, Sam goes to live with them, saying he can't remember anything from the day he vanished. Tony sees him eating his pet snake's eggs and runs from him. Sam goes after him, talking to him smoothly, and drinks his blood. Sam tells Tony that he has been to another planet and plots to spread his seed for his new adopted alien race. He drinks more of Tony's blood and infects him with millions of microbes. Rachel finds Jane's photo in Sam's clothes, but he can't remember her either (so he claims). Tony discovers he has certain powers now, so he sends a human-sized toy soldier to kill their nasty neighbour Mrs Goodman, in revenge for killing his pet snake, and a teddy-clown becomes a human-like clown. Sam and Rachel both decide to visit their former residence, the farm, while leaving Tony in Analise's care. However, she brings Michael, her boyfriend, and they make love. Tony demands to play hide-and-seek with her. She does so, only to be knocked out by the clown and used as a womb for the alien eggs; Tony sends a toy tank to kill Michael. He discovers a cocooned Analise and runs away, but a black puma kills him. The building keeper, Mr. Knight, is also killed when Rachel asks him to watch Tony, as nobody answers the phone at home. Sam and Rachel make love at the abandoned farm, but she gets afraid because his skin starts to bleed and decompose. Joe has taken Tony there. Sam and Tony go up a hill towards the alien light. Sam has now taken the form of an alien, and his scream sonic pulse kills Joe. Along with Tony, Sam enters the light and returns to the alien world. Rachel sits down in the field where Tony and Sam left, and the next day returns to her apartment, only to be seen full of eggs. She picks up an egg, only to be killed by the same creature that impregnated the woman in the cottage as her apartment door slams shut behind her.
tt0071569
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
While sailing, Sinbad comes across a golden tablet dropped by a mysterious flying creature. He wears the tablet as an amulet around his neck. That night, Sinbad has a strange dream in which he sees a man dressed in black, repeatedly calling Sinbad's name, and also about a mysterious girl with an eye tattooed on her right palm. During his sleep, a mysterious storm throws his ship off course, and the next day Sinbad and his men find themselves near a coastal town in the country of Marabia. Swimming to the beach, Sinbad is met by a dark-cloaked man, who demands his amulet. Sinbad narrowly escapes into the city, where the city guard forces the hostile stranger to flee. Soon, Sinbad encounters the Grand Vizier of Marabia (Douglas Wilmer). The Vizier, who wears a golden mask to hide his disfigured face, says that Sinbad's amulet is actually one piece of a puzzle; the Vizier has another. The Vizier relates to Sinbad a legend that the three pieces, when joined together, will reveal a map showing the way to the Fountain of Destiny, hidden somewhere on the lost continent of Lemuria. The legend tells that he who bears the three pieces of the puzzle to the fountain will receive "youth, a shield of darkness, and a crown of untold riches." Sinbad agrees to help the Vizier find the fountain. They join forces against Prince Koura (Tom Baker), the black-cloaked man who is an evil magician bent on conquering Marabia. Koura had locked the Vizier in a room and set it on fire, horribly burning his face. The creature that dropped the gold tablet was one of Koura's minions, a homunculus created by his black magic. Using this creature he hears the conversation, and it turns to ash when it is found. Shortly afterward, Sinbad meets the girl he saw in his dream, Margiana (Caroline Munro), a slave-girl. Her master hires Sinbad to make a man of his lazy, no-good son Haroun (Kurt Christian), and Sinbad agrees on the condition that Margiana goes with him; so the two new passengers and the Vizier board Sinbad's ship. Koura hires a ship and crew of his own and follows Sinbad, using his magic several times to try to stop Sinbad. However, each attempt drains away part of his life force and he ages noticeably each time. Along his journey, Sinbad fights the wooden siren figurehead from his own ship which Koura has animated, which steals the map, enabling Koura to find the Island. However Sinbad has memorised the map. Koura gets to the Island and uses another homunculus to hear the Oracle of All Knowledge (an uncredited Robert Shaw) as it describes to Sinbad what he will face. Koura then seals the men inside the cave, however Sinbad is able to escape with a rope and get the others out. The Homunculus is killed with an arrow as it tries to stop Sinbad. Koura animates a six-armed Kali idol when he is captured by hostile natives, causing them to free him. However, Sinbad and his men arrive and fight and defeat Kali. The natives capture Sinbad and his crew and give Margiana to a one-eyed centaur, the fountain's guardian of evil. Sinbad and the others escape when the Vizier shows his burnt face, scaring the natives. The Centaur fights (and kills) the guardian of good, a griffin, with Koura's help, however Sinbad then stabs it dead. Once they reach the fountain, Koura obtains all the pieces, assembles the puzzle, and drops it in the fountain. His health is restored and he becomes invisible (the "shield of darkness"). However, he is slain in a sword duel by Sinbad, who then takes the "crown of untold riches" that rises out of the fountain and gives it to the Grand Vizier. Sinbad explains to Margiana that he values freedom more, and a king is never really free. The crown's magic powers causes the Vizer's mask to dissolve to reveal his healed face, and Sinbad journeys back to Marabia with Haroun, who has proven himself during the adventure, as a new crew member and Margiana by his side.
tt0887719
Comedy,Romance
The city that never sleeps is about to meet the girl that doesn't quit. Jessica Simpson stars as Katie Gregerstitch, a small-town Oklahoma beauty who's come to New York to visit her long-time boyfriend. But after finding him in the arms of another woman, Katie decides to lose her cheating man and to find herself. With the help of two scheming co-workers (Andy Dick and Penelope Ann Miller) , she lands a job at a top construction firm where she meets and falls for a great guy (Luke Willson) with an even greater secret. Now, nothing is going to stop this go-getter from getting exactly what her heart desires in the romantic comedy that proves you can't keep a bright, beautiful down-home girl down.
tt0475417
Horror,Mystery,Sci-Fi
A vicious alien "bio-probe" (an apparent cross between PREDATOR and a tyrannosaurus rex mini-me) that's been trapped for 900 years, gets unearthed deep inside a rocky cavern during an archeological dig within an anasazi tribal "burial kiva" decorated with pictographs far outside a desolate high desert town. As the carnage escalates, local sheriff Annie Flynn (Emmanuelle Vauger) and a group of stranded civilians must find a way to destroy the creature before it duplicates its feat of nine centuries earlier: complete annihilation. Unfortunately, the alcoholic sheriff is one of the least popular county residents--only one week from being terminated--and she only has one deputy. While drinking, sheriff Annie has continual flashbacks to a terrible tragedy a year earlier for which she feels guilt. To make matters worse, that unforgotten disaster involved local Native American plant biologist Nodin (Tonantzin Carmelo), who is one of the few people nearby who might be capable of replicating the long-gone anasazi potion which caused the creature to hibernate for so long. After running out of cows to kill at an area cattle ranch, the bio-probe sets its sights on the only large mammals left--people! In the ensuing chaos, the hamlet's regular power supply is cut off and the few generators around are running low on diesel. To make matters worse, every vehicle in sight either has engine trouble or runs out of gas two minutes after sputtering to a start. A "baby rattlesnake" bites someone. And what are the real motives of defunded Native American archeologist Kale (Luke Goss), who started this whole incident in the first place? To complete this synopsis with a little less than 100 per cent spoilers, EVERY person shown in this movie dies a horrible death, except for three survivors, one of which is the truck stop waitress Tanya (Deborah Offner), whose role is over after the first few minutes of the feature. Other possible survivors include the local cattle rancher Rob Horn (M.C. Gainey), Nodin's potter-businessman grandfather (Russell Means), grandpa's gasoline delivery trucker Frank (Mark Kelly), Annie's bartender friend Carla (Miranda Bailey), Annie's critics Harlan (Jeff Olson) and Curtis (Ric Barbera), sheriff's deputy Luis (Isait de la Fuente), the mysterious and impatient Detroiter Hank (Charlie Murphy), would-be Hollywood starlet Caya (Beau Garrett), Caya's friend Ally (Whitney Able), and the broken-down local cowboy Caya and Ally pick up, Charlie (Tommy Dewey). The movie ends with two of these riding off into the sunrise, with the body of a third who sacrificed everything in the back of their half-wrecked truck.
tt0072709
Fantasy,Mystery,Sci-Fi
After enjoying critical and commercial successes with Murmur of the Heart and Lacombe, Lucien, Malle decided to go for something much more experimental and free-form. Always a great fan of myth and fantasy, and especially of the work of Lewis Carroll, Malle tries to create the special, charged atmosphere of a world in which actions, objects and creatures are never quite what they seem. The film begins when the teenaged Lily (Harrison) has a road accident and discovers she's landed smack in the middle of some kind of civil war. Fleeing into a nearby field, she comes upon a lonely mansion inhabited by an old lady (Giehse) who knows how to talk to animals. Shot by the great Sven Nykvist, Black Moon offers a distinctively different approach to the theme of adolescent self-realization that has been a frequent concern in Malle's work.
tt0076150
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
New Jersey, 1961. Alice Spages (Paula E. Sheppard) is a 12-year old girl who lives with her mother, Catherine (Linda Miller), and her younger 10-year-old sister, Karen (Brooke Shields). Their father, Dominic (Niles McMaster), is divorced from Catherine, and has recently re-married. Catherine and the girls live in a humble apartment, and their lives are very much centered on their Catholic parish. Both Alice and Karen go to the small Catholic school associated with their church, and all of the students wear church-issued yellow rain slickers as part of their uniforms. Karen is just about to make her first holy communion, but Alice seems to be jealous of the attention that Karen is getting because of it. Alice appears to have some major emotional problems. In the opening scene, Alice, Catherine and Karen are visiting the young priest Father Tom (Rudolph Willrich) at the rectory, discussing Karen's upcoming first Holy Communion. Alice startles the rectory's housekeeper, Mrs. Tredoni (Mildred Clinton), by wearing a bizarre translucent mask, and she terrorizes Karen by stealing her doll and luring her to an abandoned building. While inside the building, Alice frightens Karen with the mask and briefly locks her in a room alone, threatening to never return her doll if she tells their mother about the incident. In the family's apartment, Alice takes Karen's communion veil and models it herself in a mirror; Karen causes a commotion over it and Catherine has to intervene. Things go from bad to worse on the day of Karen's communion. As the parishioners sit in the pews waiting for the children to enter the sanctuary, Catherine and her younger sister Annie (Jane Lowry) notice that Alice is not with them. Annie sends her daughter Angela (Kathy Rich) to look for Alice. Before Karen can join the rest of the girls who are dressed in their white communion dresses and veils, she is attacked by a figure in one of the school's yellow rain slickers, wearing the same translucent mask that Alice wears. The figure strangles Karen and then stows her body in a hollow bench, setting it on fire. Just before burning the body, the killer snatches the small cross that Karen wears around her neck, ripping the pendant from her body. Alice then appears among the younger girls, in Karen's place and wearing her veil, awaiting holy communion. Annie is outraged and urges Catherine to put a stop to it immediately. Shortly after, a nun notices the smoke and discovers Karen's body, her screams summoning the rest of the congregation. Annie sees Karen's body and melodramatically tells Catherine that her daughter is dead. Catherine breaks down crying. Alice slips Karen's veil into her pocket. Dominic returns for Karen's funeral and Catherine weeps when she sees him. The domineering Annie imposes herself on Catherine and Alice, insisting that she will stay with them to help Catherine with anything she needs. Alice is resentful of Annie's presence, and wants to stay home with her mother instead of going back to school. Annie's obvious dislike for the girl gives way to accusations about Karen's murder; Annie points out the fact that Alice's whereabouts during the murder are unaccounted for. Catherine seems to be unwilling to admit that Alice acts strangely, insisting that nobody understands Alice like she does. She has to smooth over a confrontation between Annie and Alice, sending Alice on an errand to defuse the argument. Catherine has Alice take the rent check to the family's landlord, Mr. Alphonso (Alphonso DeNoble), who lives in one of the lower apartments of the building. Alphonso is a grotesque man, extremely obese and living in an apartment full of kittens, with old music playing regularly in the background of his apartment; we see him feeding the kittens, referring to himself as "mommy", and then eating some of the moist cat food himself. Alphonso has repeatedly made jabs at Alice regarding Karen's death; he aligns himself with Alice's Aunt Annie, saying that Alice must have had something to do with Karen's murder. He also tells Alice that he knows about the odd shrine she has in the basement of the building, where she keeps various objects that she has either found or stolen, including the mask and Karen's missing doll. He tells Alice that Karen will return from the dead to collect her doll. When he makes inappropriate advances toward Alice and begins to touch her in a lewd manner, Alice, in retaliation, throttles one of the kittens and strangles it to death and yelling "you never do that again!", upsetting Alphonso and allowing her to escape. Meanwhile, the detectives investigating Karen's murder summon Alice's school records from the parish. When Dominic visits the police station to discuss Karen's case, he becomes hostile when Detective Brennan (Tom Signorelli) suggests that he would like to question Alice about the murder. He phones the rectory to talk to Father Tom, with whom he is apparently familiar; at first his phone call is intercepted by Mrs. Tredoni, who is fiercely protective of the priests and the elderly monsignor who reside there. Tom picks up an extension and talks to Dominic, asking if they can meet in person. Dominic seems unaware of Alice's emotional problems, which have resulted in a number of questionable incidents at school. Father Tom tells him that Alice has a knack for causing trouble and making it seem like an accident. Alice goes into the basement to her shrine, where she keeps her strange items, one of them being a jar full of large cockroaches, which she keeps alive by feeding them. She also still has Karen's doll. Alice puts on her mask. Upstairs, the mysterious figure wearing the yellow rain slicker and mask is creeping around the hallways. Annie goes to leave the apartment and she is attacked by the figure. The killer stands on the landing and slashes at Annie's legs and feet was she walks down the stairs, seriously wounding her with a kitchen knife. Before the killer can administer the death blow, Annie's screams summon Mr. Alphonso, who sees the killer's outfit and immediately identifies it as Alice. As the masked raincoat figure flees, Annie, who is hysterical and terrified, drags herself out into the street in the pouring rain, where Catherine finds her. Dominic and Father Tom happen to pull up at the same time, in Father Tom's car. Tom and Catherine rush Annie to the hospital, while Dominic goes into the building to look for the person who attacked Annie. In the basement, he finds Alice at her shrine, terrified; she claims she saw Karen, apparently believing what Alphonso told her about Karen returning to claim her doll. Dominic comforts her; like Catherine, Dominic doesn't believe that Alice could be a killer. At the hospital, Catherine tries to get Annie to recant her story about being attacked by "Alice", but Detective Cranston (Ted Tinling) shows up to question Annie and she becomes hysterical, screaming that Alice was the one who stabbed her. They bring Alice into the police station to question her, giving her a lie detector test. Although Alice does not implicate herself, she gives a number of strange responses; one of the things that the lie detector machine reveals is that Alice sincerely believes that Karen is the one who attacked Aunt Annie. Alice resents being questioned, even lashing out at the lie detector machine, deliberately throwing it on the floor when they leave her alone with it. Although the police cannot charge Alice with either Karen's murder or Annie's slashing, they still feel she may be responsible for one or both, and they order her to have a psychological evaluation at the Sara Reed Children's Hospital. Catherine and Dominic are furious, but try to make the best of it. They visit Alice at the hospital together, discussing the case with the doctor who examines her, Dr. Whitman (Louisa Horton). Dr. Whitman's evaluation seems especially damning, suggesting that Alice is schizophrenic and possibly dangerous. Whitman refuses to allow Alice to be released. Dominic and Catherine have a quiet moment back at Catherine's apartment, when Catherine gets a strange phone call consisting of nothing but breathing; we see the caller is wearing the translucent mask. When the caller hangs up, Catherine assumes it was Annie; since Annie identified Alice as her attacker, Catherine vowed to disown Annie forever. Discussing the recent tragic events of their lives, Dominic and Catherine both agree that Alice could not have been responsible for all that's happened. Dominic suggests that perhaps Angela was the one who attacked Annie, which could explain why Alice thought she saw Karen, since they all wear the same yellow raincoat. Catherine, however, points out that Angela is an overweight young girl, and Karen was very petite, so it would be unlikely for Alice to confuse them. They wind up holding each other and beginning to make love, but are interrupted by a phone call from Dominic's wife, which breaks the mood. Dominic returns to his hotel in time to receive a phone call from a sobbing voice; the caller identifies herself as Angela, saying that she ran away from home and needs Dominic to help her. She asks him to come to the abandoned building, the same one where Alice scared Karen at the beginning of the movie. When Dominic arrives, he sees the figure in the yellow raincoat and mask off in the distance. When he follows her into the building, she attacks him with the kitchen knife, stabbing him in the shoulder. Still unsure of who it is, Dominic follows her up a staircase, where the figure surprises him and bludgeons him repeatedly with a brick. With Dominic unconscious, the figure binds him with a cord and rolls him over to a loading door; the drop over the precipice is three or four stories to the ground. Dominic regains consciousness and realizes he is about to fall to his death. The killer removes the mask to reveal Mrs. Tredoni underneath. She rants about Dominic's relationship with Catherine, revealing that she knows that Alice was conceived before Dominic and Catherine were married. Dominic screams for help, but the area is too desolate for anybody to hear him. He uses his teeth to grab the crucifix that Mrs. Tredoni wears, the same one that she pulled from Karen's body the day she killed her. Mrs. Tredoni notices it and uses the brick to try and smash in Dominic's teeth. He refuses to give up the cross, swallowing it instead. Mrs. Tredoni, now furious, pushes him over the ledge and he falls to his death. Mrs. Tredoni then goes to the church, where a group of children are being instructed on how to make their first confession. Father Tom is the one who is going to hear the children, but he goes into the confessional to find that Mrs. Tredoni is already in there, changing out of the costume she wears to impersonate Alice. She pretends she is seeking to make a confession, and claims she feels guilty about having thoughts regarding the Monsignor; she says that he is in such poor health that she sometimes wishes he would pass away. Father Tom tells her she is a good woman, and that she doesn't need to come to confession about this since her thoughts are not sinful. He praises her for the care she has given himself and the other priests, and she is ecstatic when he calls her a friend. The next day, Catherine becomes worried when she does not hear from Dominic, and she goes to the rectory to look for him; she reasons that since he has been borrowing Father Tom's car, he may be there. She is greeted by Mrs. Tredoni, who tries to get rid of her but finally allows her in to wait for Father Tom. Mrs. Tredoni is gutting fish for that evening's dinner, and she brings Catherine into the kitchen after preparing coffee for her. Catherine is uneasy, when Mrs. Tredoni reveals that she also had a daughter who died on the day of her first holy communion, Mrs. Tredoni seizes the kitchen knife and brandishes it toward Catherine while calling her a whore for having her own child out of wedlock. Father Tom returns and interrupts their conversation, telling Catherine that Dominic's body has been discovered. Catherine weeps in frustration and horror. Dominic's murder suggests that Alice is no longer a suspect, and Catherine is able to take her home. After they return, the figure in the yellow rain slicker and mask enters Alphonso's apartment while he is sleeping, and places the jar of roaches from Alice's secret shrine on his chest. Removing the mask, the figure reveals itself to be Alice herself. Catherine catches her leaving Alphonso's apartment, but Alice explains that she was only saying hello to him after returning from the hospital. Catherine praises her for being kind to him, and they leave to go to mass. Outside, Detective Cranston is watching the building as protection for Alice and Catherine. When they leave the building, Mrs. Tredoni slips in the back through the basement, wearing the yellow rain slicker and mask. She goes up to Catherine's apartment, apparently planning on murdering the first person she sees, but she finds the door locked. As she knocks on Catherine's door, Alphonso awakens and reacts in horror when the roaches begin to crawl over him. He starts screaming and alerts Cranston that something is wrong. Mrs. Tredoni hears it too, and she panics that he is drawing attention to the scene too soon. She runs back down the stairs, but Alphonso emerges and sees her running past his apartment. Thinking her to be Alice, he grabs her and starts to manhandle her, so she pulls out the kitchen knife and stabs him in the chest several times. He stumbles back into his apartment and dies. Cranston arrives at Alphonso's room, too late to help him. When Mrs. Tredoni tries to escape through the basement, Cranston smashes down the front door and sees her. In her panic, she has forgotten to put the mask back on, and he easily identifies her. Still wearing the yellow slicker, Mrs. Tredoni returns to the church and enters the sanctuary during service, making her way to where Alice and Catherine are sitting. Outside, the police arrive and discuss the best way to apprehend Mrs. Tredoni. Father Tom warns them not to try and confront her, as she is too close to Alice and her mother. Tom believes he can convince Mrs. Tredoni to come peacefully, since she adores him. During communion, Alice, Catherine, and Mrs. Tredoni all come up to the front side by side. Father Tom gives Catherine the wafer, but skips Alice. He also skips Mrs. Tredoni, instead leaning toward her and quietly asking her to go with the police. Mrs. Tredoni becomes indignant and asks why he will not give her communion; becoming furious, she shouts "But you give it to the whore!", pointing at Catherine. In a rage, Mrs. Tredoni pulls out the knife and stabs Father Tom through the throat. The congregation reacts in horror. Mrs. Tredoni clutches Father Tom to her as he dies, his blood pouring over the yellow rain slicker. Alice remains curiously detached from what is happening. In the confusion, a few policemen run into the church and arrest Mrs. Tredoni, while Alice has claimed Mrs. Tredoni's bag. Alice, still having not received communion, walks out of the church and pulls out the knife briefly, fondling the handle and smiling to herself (insinuating that Alice might one day adopt Mrs. Tredoni's murderous killing spree herself).
tt0462295
Comedy
Miss Katz (Zooey Deschanel) desperately wants her boyfriend to ditch his dead-end job at Flakes - a bohemian cereal shop. So when an eager young businessman opens a rip-off version of this beloved neighborhood hang, Miss Katz joins the competition to bury Flakes. Stand-offs, sit-ins, pranks and clever revenge will result in victory for one half of the feisty couple, but it may just leave their relationship all soggy! [D-Man2010] An old hippie owns a bistro that only sells cereal and spends his days serving cereal and chatting with the local clientele about the history of cereal and the ideal milk to flake ratio. Suddenly his utopian state is disrupted when a competitor shrewdly rips off the concept and opens his own cereal shop across the street. [D-Man2010] Zooey Deschanel, Aaron Stanford, Izabella Miko, and Christopher Lloyd star in director Michael Lehmann's comedy concerning a New Orleans cereal bar manager whose slacker lifestyle is turned upside down when a rival cereal shop threatens both his livelihood and his love life. [D-Man2010]
tt0082497
Drama,Horror,Thriller
Jonathan "Jon" Lansdale (Michael Caine) is a comic illustrator whose marriage is on the rocks. He lives from the local Southern popularity of a super-hero he has been drawing for ten years, Mango. His wife Anne Lansdale (Andrea Marcovicci) doesn't seem too happy, as she gets bored living in a small town outside Reno and wants to go back to school. Jon throws out the idea of her going to live to New York. Several days go by, and one day, Anne tells Jon that she'd like to go back to studying in New York, she'd take their daughter Lizzie Lansdale (Mara Hobel), and he'd stay at their isolated country house. She admits it'd be an opportunity for both of them to do different things and meet different people. Jon gets angry, backs down from his idea, because he realizes that she's looking from a way out of the marriage, while he'd stay behind to pay the bills. They have this argument while they are driving on a village road. They've got a van in front of them, and another car behind. While the argument goes on and on, she honks and tries to overtake the van. At this moment, another van appears in the opposite lane. Jon signals for the car behind his to slow down and give them space to go back to the right lane, but it's too late. There is a traffic accident, resulting in Jon losing his right hand. A policeman (Tracey Walter) and blood-stained Anne look for the missing hand, but the high grass doesn't allow them to see clearly. At hospital, the doctor (Ed Marshall) prepares a gloved prosthetic hand for Jon, and tells him that much of his recovery will have to do with his effort; however, it's unlikely that he'd be able to earn his living as a comic artist anymore. To Lizzie's inquires, Jon answers that, if they had found the hand on the spot, they could have reattached it to his arm, but now, it's too late. Jon is condescendingly forgiving about Anne's part on his accident. Little by little, the Lansdales' life returns to normal... more or less. Anne insists on her idea of going to New York and living in a penthouse, but Jon won't allow it. He tries to draw with his left hand, but the quality is not there. The cat jumps out of the window. Jon goes back to the site of the accident: he can't find the hand, but he finds his seal ring from his university years. At this moment, the camera moves suggesting that something is lurking among the high grass. Jon has a weird moment when he confuses one of the shower taps with the hand. The moment passes and the illusion passes. Anne starts attending yoga classes, with attractive Bill Richamn (Nicholas Hormann) making Jon deeply jealous. Jon's editor, the pushing but pragmatic Karen Wagner (Rosemary Murphy) tries to convince him so that he forgets about drawing and concentrates on the script and the plot themselves. Norman Kaufman, the president of the company, insists in keeping Jon's character Mandro alive. A younger artist called David Maddow (Charles Fleischer) will do the drawings. This is the first time that we see the hand, all black and disgusting, covered with bugs, and the cinematic presentation turns to black and white. Anne thinks it's a way for them to secure their livelihood, as the comic sales will even improve because of a more modern approach to the stories. There is a meeting at Karen's office with Karen, Jon and Maddow, but Jon angrily rejects Maddow's innovative approach, talking about Mandro as though he were a real person with a real personality. Karen offers to make all necessary changes in each drawing, but Jon or the hand have blurred and painted over each drawing. Karen and Maddow stare at Jon in disbelief, as though he were crazy. When Jon leaves the office, he bumps onto a drunk bum (director Oliver Stone), who is also handicapped. The bum replies angrily to Jon. The scene turns in black and white as the hand strangles him. Jon comes back home as normal. Obviously, his is the end of the deal, causing Anne great anxiety, as they have no other financial resources. She doesn't want to explain her conversation with Bill, and Jon doesn't want to explain what went wrong in the meeting. She also feels disappointed that he doesn't want to go on with Dr. Silverman (John Stinson)'s psychotherapy sessions. Silverman thinks that he doesn't want to improve in order to keep Anne tied to him by sheer guilt. If Jon were able to fend for himself, she'd feel free to leave him and start a new life in New York with Lizzie in tow. Jon asks Lizzie whether she touched the drawings of Mandro in any way, and she says she didn't, although she admits she knew that her dad didn't like the drawings at all, and she says she didn't like the new version of Mandro either. Billy is around at the Lansdales' a lot. Luckily, the university of Saraville, in California, has offered Jon a job as a professor. Brian Ferguson (Bruce McGill) tells him that there is a cabin on the woods nearby which he can rent for cheap. For the time being, Anne and Lizzie will stay back in the village. Brian is the psychology professor, and he only cares about getting 15 students in his classroom. Jon's students, Billy Jenkins (Brian Kenneth Hume) and another girl (Lora Pearson) don't even have a favorite comic or comic hero. However, student Stella Roche (Annie McEnroe) is interested in the lessons and in Jon as a person. When Lizzie and Anne phone Jon, he doesn't remember much. Anne insists in staying behind until the Christmas season is over, as they have already paid the rent of their first country house. During the conversation, Jon has visions of the hand strangling Anne, especially when she tells him that both of them should try to meet new people on their own. That night, Jon can't sleep. There seems to be a leak in the shower and a tree breaks a window because of the storm and the wind. Jon finds his seal ring on top of his pillow. During teaching his next class, Jon uses Mandro as the example of the emotional evolution of a character. Later that evening, the eager Stella visits him on his cottage. They end up making love, and she doesn't seem bothered about Jon's prosthetic hand at all. Afterwards, Jon is worried because he sees a drawing of sexual nature but can't remember doing it. He asks Brian, and he tells him that it's very worrying because of the pornographic nature of the drawing: the hand is menacingly shagging a drawing of Stella. Brian thinks that the amnesia is the subconscious part of Jon's mind acting on its own. He could rape or murder during one of his trances. When Jon leaves the bar, he sees the hand moving under a piece of clothe within a shop, in black and white, and it attacks Jon. Jon calls Stella on at her workplace. Later on, she mentions that she'll go to LA for the Christmas, as she has friends there. Jon bought a present for Stella: it's a black negligee, wrapped in a luxurious gift box and a handwritten gift card. Stella is helping Jon to put up the Christmas tree, even though she hates those days; she adds that she has to go back to work, but that she'll come back to the cottage to make love to Jon. During that period of time, Jon decides to meet Brian at the local bar again. At the Last Chance Saloon, a country bar, the Country Bumpkins (Jack, Scott, Randy and Patrick Evans) are playing live. Brian tells him that he's going to LA, to a motel, to shag one of her students, wild Stella, whom Brian has been going after for quite some time. After work, Stella goes back to Jon's. The door is open, but he doesn't seem to be in. The hand is under the black negligée, and rapes and kills Stella. The next day, Jon goes to Reno to pick Lizzie and Anne up from the airport. Supposedly, they have arrived to California to stay. However, Jon soon realizes that Anne has no intention of staying put, as she hasn't even unpacked one of her two suitcases. Jon admits to have opened one of the letters which Billy sent to Anne. Anne says that she wants to move to New York because she has finally found a job there. She tries to calm him down saying that Lizzie likes Billy as a friend, but not as a father; so he will always have a place in their lives. Jon gets angry, and he keeps on seeing white flashes of light; he also becomes threatening and violent, telling her to leave, putting his remaining hand on top of her mouth to shut her up. She wants to leave, scared to death. Jon will lend her his car, but in the meantime Lizzie will stay with him. He notices that the hand has crawled to the back seat, but doesn't say anything. Anne realizes some disgusting stink, but Jon convinces her of dismissing it. Lizzie and Jon stay behind, playing Majong. Jon is stressed, and sweaty; he "sees" what must be happening to Anne at that moment - the hand crawling from behind Anne and trying to strangle her while she's driving in the rainy night. She has a car accident and the car blows up in flames with Anne inside. Lizzie notices that her father is confused, sweating like a pig, distracted. Lizzie gets happy when she hears somebody ringing the bell and runs to open up for her; her father thinks it's going to be some local police officers. However, it's Anne, who took long outside because the car stopped and she couldn't start it up again, so she had to phone for the towing truck. Jon had apparently imagined the entire event. Another day, at the same bar, Brian tells Jon that Stella didn't go to the date. That day, Jon states that he was traveling to Reno to pick his family up. Jon later admits that he had just seen her right before leaving for Reno. Brian drives drunk. The car finally starts up, and it's then when the hand strangles him in the rainy night. Blood splits everywhere. Anne will sleep at Jon's in the spare bedroom. Jon doesn't mind letting her go, but he wants Lizzie to stay with him. Anne looks a bit scared of Jon. In the middle of the night, Jon seems to be muttering something to himself. The hand attacks Anne who had just dozed off but realized that there was a kind of strange bulk under the sheets of her bedroom. Jon goes to Anne's bedroom and sees the hand leaving through the window. Lizzie wakes up because of the noise and thinks that Jon is hurting her mother. Anne looks in a coma, but alive. Lizzie calls the police while Jon goes out in the freezing rain in search of the hand. He follows it to the garage/barn nearby. The hand jumps at him from behind a heap of straw and tries to kill him. Jon stabs the hand but it crawls away, until it touches a tire and it explodes releasing a cloud of smoke. That hand strangles him, and he passes off. When Jon wakes up, there are flashlights pointing to him. The sheriff (Pat Corley) interrogates him softly. Lizzie is present while the conversation takes place, and a sergeant (Sparky Watt) is trying to calm her down. Jon thinks that the sheriff is staring at him. The sergeant notices an awfully nasty odour coming from the trunk of the car. The sheriff insists on opening it up. Jon gets frantic. The dead bodies of Brian and Stella are inside. (Jon remembers for the first time him killing Stella first and then Brian.) In the final scene at a local insane asylum, a psychologist (Viveca Lindfors) is trying to communicate with Jon. She wants him to remember and admit that it was him, not the hand, who killed all the victims. Jon says that the hand wants to kill her because it hates her. Suddenly, the hand (which apparently existed all along) appears from behind the psychiatrist and kills her. The now-deranged Jon laughs, releases himself from the chair straps and is free to leave the place, smiling.
tt0069897
Action,Crime,Thriller
In a crowded nightclub, a well-known drug pusher is enjoying an evening out with several female companions. One of his junkie henchmen approaches him and tells him that he's driving the pusher's car, and he's brought him a young woman who is willing to do anything to get some drugs. The pusher is angry until he sees the person in the car, a beautiful woman who returns with him to a shabby apartment. Just when it seems like they are going to have sex, the woman pulls a severely sawed-off shotgun out of her macrame purse and blasts the dealer's head off. The henchman, who is in the other room shooting up, is confronted by the woman, who tells him her last name is Coffin, and that her sister is LuBelle Coffin. LuBelle is now in a hospital, having shot up with tainted heroin, and her mind is permanently damaged. The enraged woman forces the man to take another hit of heroin, which kills him. The woman is known to her friends and associates as Coffy (Pam Grier), a nurse at a city hospital. Coffy has a romance with political hopeful Howard Brunswick (Booker Bradshaw), but she is devoted to caring for her sister. She gets news of her "hit" from Carter (William Elliott), a policeman friend of hers. Carter is a good cop who refuses to take payoffs from local mobster Arturo Vitroni (Allan Arbus), and as a result, Vitroni sends his henchmen to knock Carter around. Coffy happens to be in the way at the time, and both of them wind up in the hospital. Coffy is little more than shaken, but Carter is beaten unconscious and seriously injured. More angry than ever, Coffy sets out to stop the mobsters once and for all. She learns of a pusher named King George (Robert DoQui) who is supplying heroin to local dealers. George is also a well-known pimp; Coffy is vaguely familiar with George because one of his prostitutes, Priscilla (Carol Locatell), once came to Coffy's hospital after George cut her face. Coffy visits Priscilla at her home and leans on her for information about George and his business practices. Priscilla tells Coffy about Arturo Vitroni and how he is one of George's best clients. Vitroni apparently likes to treat his hookers cruelly, humiliating them and making them do degrading things for his pleasure. Priscilla balks when Coffy asks her where George keeps his stash; she is afraid that if she tells Coffy this, George will find out and kill her, so she pulls a knife on Coffy and tries to frighten her off. Instead, Coffy turns violent, shattering a wine bottle and threatening Priscilla with the jagged edge. Priscilla tells Coffy that George keeps his heroin stash in a box under his fireplace. Just then, Priscilla's tough lesbian pimp, Harriet (Dea St. Lamont), returns and fights with Coffy, who just barely escapes. With the information she got from Priscilla, Coffy sets out to infiltrate George's business. She sets up a meeting with King George and pretends to be a Jamaican hooker named Mystique. George immediately takes her into his fold, much to the chagrin of George's 'old lady', Meg (Linda Haynes). During a party at George's pad, the jealous Meg dumps a tray of cocktails in Coffy's lap. When she goes into George's bedroom to clean up, Coffy sees her opportunity and accesses his drug stash, disposing of all his heroin and replacing it with ordinary sugar. Returning to the party, she then picks a fight with Meg and winds up fending off Meg and the rest of the girls. Coffy emerges the victor when Meg cuts herself on a series of razor blades that Coffy has hidden in her afro. Arturo Vitroni witnesses the fight, and he so taken by Coffy that he requests a session with her that very night. Coffy arrives at Vitroni's house and attempts to assassinate him, but she is stopped by Omar (Sid Haig), Arturo's bodyguard. They make the mistake of believing that King George has sent Coffy to make a hit on Arturo, so they retaliate. Keeping Coffy locked up, they lure George into a limousine and then kill him by tying a rope around him and dragging him behind the vehicle. They are undecided about what to do with Coffy. One of Vitroni's goons recognizes Coffy from the night they roughed her up along with Carter; another of Virtoni's shady associates recognizes Coffy as Howard Brunswick's girlfriend. Believing her to be a hit woman, the gangsters summon Brunswick, unsure about whether he is associated with Coffy's attempted hit. Vitroni is suspicious when he realizes that Coffy and Howard do indeed know one another, but Coffy insists Howard had nothing to do with her attempt on Vitroni's life, blaming it entirely on King George. To her dismay, Howard betrays Coffy and tells Vitroni that for all he cares, they can kill her. Omar and some other goons take Coffy to a desolate area of the city with intentions of killing her and dumping the body. Along the way they inject her with some heroin they took from King George's stash--Coffy knows it's really just sugar. She distracts them with her feminine wiles and manages to stab Omar in the throat, mortally wounding him. Another goon chases Coffy out onto a busy freeway, where he is run down by a passing vehicle. The third goon, a crooked cop, tries to run Coffy down after chasing her under a bridge, but she shatters his windshield with a brick and he flips the car. Coffy steals his shotgun just before the car explodes, killing him. Coffy stashes her shotgun and hitches a ride with a stranger, luring him out of the car and stealing it once he's gone. She returns to her hiding place and retrieves the shotgun, then returns to Vitroni's and drives the car straight into the house, killing one goon who was standing on the porch. Inside she lets loose with her shotgun, killing everyone she sees until she has Vitroni cornered in a swimming pool. She toys with him and tells him she'll take a million dollar payoff to let him live, but after he tells her where Brunswick went, she shoots him anyway. Coffy's revenge isn't complete until she pays a visit to Howard. She slips into his beach house and surprises him, holding the shotgun on him. Howard is shocked to see Coffy alive, and even more shocked to hear that she's killed all of his shady associates. Howard manages to soothe Coffy, convincing her that he was only playing along with the crooks to buy time. But his speech is interrupted by a woman calling for him from upstairs; a semi-nude white woman walks out of one of the bedrooms. Coffy responds by gunning down Howard right there in his living room as the terrified woman screams in horror. Coffy then stumbles out into the morning light, grimy and covered with bloody scratches and bruises, but alive.
tt0076590
Horror,Sci-Fi
Rose (Marilyn Chambers) and her boyfriend Hart (Frank Moore) are taking a little spin in the Quebec countryside on Hart's motorcycle when they have an accident. A family in a camper van stops in the middle of the road to argue about directions, and Hart must swerve to avoid them, going off the road and crashing. A patient at the nearby Keloid Clinc for Plastic Surgery witnesses the accident and calls for an ambulance. At the clinic, Murray Cypher (Joe Silver) pitches a promising franchising deal to Dr. Dan Keloid (Howard Ryshpan) and his wife Roxanne (Patricia Gage). Keloid is unconvinced, afraid that he'll become the "Colonel Sanders of plastic surgery". Just then, an ambulance containing Hart and Rose arrives. Hart has a broken hand, separated shoulder, and a concussion, but Rose, having been pinned under the motorcycle, is more severely injured. Dr. Keloid recognizes that Rose needs immediate surgery and decides to perform a radical procedure on her, one which uses morphogenetically neutral grafts of her own skin to patch the injured tissues in and on her chest and abdomen. The treated skin will be able to form new tissue of whatever type it is grafted to, but it also might lead to cancer. A month or two passes. Hart has already gone home to Montreal, but Rose still remains in a coma at the Keloid Clinic. Then one night, one of the other patients, Lloyd Walsh (J. Roger Periad), hears Rose screaming and goes to her room. She has awakened and is pulling out her I.V. drip tube. In an attempt to warm her and calm her down, Lloyd holds her, and Rose causes some sort of vague injury to him as she holds him. When examined a few hours later, Lloyd can't remember anything afterwards, and the doctor doesn't know what caused his injury to his right arm. They know only that his blood isn't clotting from the small wound and that Lloyd's right side has no feeling. Dr. Keloid thinks that it might have been a mild stroke and transfers him to Montreal General Hospital for further evaluation. Over the next few days, Rose leaves the clinic periodically to feed; her experimental procedures have caused a wild card mutation in her body, and now the only thing she can subsist on is human blood. To help her attain it, a bizarre new organ has developed in Rose's armpit; through a small sphincter opening, a large red phallic spike emerges to pierce her victims and draw blood like a syringe. First she feeds on a cow in the barn of a nearby farm, but she vomits up the blood, realizing that she needs only human blood, so she feeds instead on the drunken farmer who wanders into the barn. The next night, Rose attacks a young nurse in a hot tub, and then hides her unconscious body in a freezer. The next day, Lloyd discharges himself from the clinic. He hails a taxi to take him to the airport. But during the trip, Lloyd, already looking deathly pale, transforms into a foaming, green-eye zombie-like person and attacks the driver, biting out part of his neck making the driver lose control of the car. The taxi breaks through a bridge guardrail and the car falls to the freeway below where it is totaled by an approaching truck, killing both the driver and the infected Lloyd. At the clinic, Dr. Keloid is examining the unconscious Rose. He notices the strange opening under her arm, but Rose wakes up and the phallic syringe emerges and strikes him in the hand. At a nearby diner, the farmer, infected the previous night by Rose, walks in, bleeding from his left eyeball where Rose's stuck the phallic thing, and after asking for chicken, he attacks and bites a waitress before he is subdued by the cook and a few patrons. At the clinic, Rose phones Hart to come to her aid, for she feels that she's in trouble. Hart calls Murray Cypher to tag along with him. Later that day, Dr. Keloid goes into the O.R. to operate on a patient when he suddenly begins foaming at the mouth and also transforms into a green-eyed zombie who proceeds to hack off a nurse's finger with surgical scissors and drinks her blood. A few orderlies attack back at the vicious Dr. Keloid, as Rose takes advantage of the chaos and confusion to make her escape from the clinic. She hitches a ride to Montreal from a passing truck driver, who has food in the cab of his truck. After he offers some to the famished Rose, she eats it and it seems to satisfy her momentarily, but she then vomits it back up, eventually feeding on the driver as she has done to the others. Hart and Murray pass the diner where the infected farmer attacked the waitress, and then arrive at the clinic to find more police cars and a rabid and vicious looking Dr. Keloid in the back of a police van, growling and foaming at the mouth. The police tell Murray and Hart that they think it's a new strain of rabies. Hart panics when he learns that a body was found in a freezer, but to his slight relief, it's the nurse that Rose killed in the hot tub. Meanwhile, Rose hitches a ride with another car driver, leaving behind the unconscious truck driver whom is infected. He is woken up by a highway patrolman and goes on his way. The trucker returns that night to a depot where he transforms and attacks his colleagues at the place, infecting some of them before being subdued. At the police station, the chief of police, Claude LePointe, meets with Hart, Murray and a few public health officials who talk of an epidemic. Just then, as Hart and Murray watch a TV broadcast of various other reports of attacks, an officer, who was apparently bitten by the infected Dr. Keloid at the clinic, appears growling and foaming at the mouth. The infected officer attacks Hart only to be shot dead by the other officers. To stop the disease from progressing, everyone at the scene, including Hart and Murray, are to be held at the police station for 48 hours. Hart calls Mindy Kent (Susan Roman) who is Rose's best friend, and is pleased to hear that Rose has been in touch with her. Over the phone, Hart tells Mindy to keep Rose at her apartment until he can get there. Meanwhile, Rose arrives in Montreal, meets with Mindy, and asks to stay with her in her apartment for a few days, but refuses to explain why. Mindy watches another TV broadcast detailing a new strain of lethal rabies that is now reporting all over Montreal. That night, Rose goes out to the local red-light district and visits a sex cinema. A leering patron sits next to her to fondle her, only to become a victim himself. The next day, Claude LePointe is riding in a limo with a local health official to inform the mayor that the situation is getting out of control. Just then, the limo is blocked at a construction sight, and two infected crewmen attack, putting a jackhammer through the limo door and dragging the shocked driver, whose thigh was injured by the jackhammer, out to feed on him, while the official and LePointe are forced to leave their driver for dead as they barely escape by driving themselves away in reverse. Elsewhere, Mindy is riding on a subway train when an infected woman attacks another passenger, causing panic and forcing Mindy and the rest of the passengers to flee after the train arrives at the station. On TV, Dr. Royce Gentry talks about the dozens of rabies cases popping up all over the city, and advises a "shoot-to-kill" policy to prevent the infected from infecting others. Rose goes out to a local shopping mall filled with Christmas shoppers. Another leering man approaches her to make small talk, and to try to pick her up. As Rose agrees to walk with him, he asks her for a light, but she tells him that she doesn't smoke. The man asks another man standing nearby for a light, and the man turns around... an infected zombie who proceeds to bite and infect the man Rose is with. Panic breaks out in the mall as two armed security guards appear and shoot the infected man dead, as well as an unfortunate man dressed as Santa. The guards shoot the wounded man who tried to pick up Rose as well, since he is now infected. Rose again slips away unnoticed. When Mindy arrives home, Rose hides in her room, in blood-hunger. She tells Mindy not to come into her room for she is not feeling well. Meanwhile, extreme martial law is declared in Montreal and all the surrounding areas. Dr. Royce Gentry makes another TV appearance to announce that the current rabies shots don't appear to be working. But he and his men have developed a vaccine to administer to those not infected with the virus. Those already infected, however, must be killed to prevent the epidemic from spreading any further. At a National Guard road block to check for people infected, Hart and Murray view a long convoy of soldiers in NBC suits and riding on garbage trucks heading into the city to assist the local authorities with the body disposal. Hart then takes Murray home and drives off in Murray's car to look for Rose. When Murray walks in his house, he finds his baby dead and is attacked by his now-infected wife. Whether Murray is killed or survives albeit ending up infected himself is unknown. As Hart drives through the deserted city, a infected maniac jumps on the car, but is shot dead by a militia marksman. Soldiers in bio-warfare suits remove the infected man's body to dump it into the nearby garbage truck and spray disinfectant on the windshield and permit him to carry on his way. At Mindy's apartment, she watches a news report about a possible "carrier" of this lethal disease which has now been traced back to the Keloid Clinic, who is possibly immune. Rose walks into the room. A little later, Hart arrives to find Rose feasting on Mindy's body. Hart finally realizes that Rose is the carrier of the virus and tries to reason with her to seek treatment, but Rose refuses to believe him. She is in denial that she is feasting on blood and the one responsible for the city-wide epidemic that has now claimed thousands of people. She tries to run, but he chases after her. In a struggle, Hart falls down a fire escape ladder and is knocked out. Rose runs into the apartment building lobby, where she picks up another man in the lobby and has him take her back to his apartment. To see if Hart's accusations are true, Rose infects the guy with her phallic piece and then locks herself in the man's apartment and intends to stay there until she can see whether or not he becomes sick. Rose dials Mindy's phone number, and Hart stumbles back into the apartment to answer it. Rose tells Hart what she is doing, but he knows what will happen and frantically tells her to get out of the man's apartment. Hart sits helplessly at the receiver, which he smashes, as the infected man in his apartment wakes up, growling and foaming at the mouth, and approaches Rose.... The next morning, Montreal is nearly deserted. The streets are quiet except for distant gunfire and the sound of police and ambulance sirens. Soldiers in bio-ware suits find Rose's stiff, open-eyed body, laying next to some garbage cans in an alley. The body collectors pick up her body, toss it in the back of a garbage truck, and drive away, not realizing that she is the carrier of the virus.... and possibly the solution and antidote to the mayhem that continues to plague the city. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl]
tt0479289
Comedy,Drama
THE GO-GETTER is the story of Mercer White (Lou Taylor Pucci), a straight-arrow 19 year-old who steals a car and sets out to find his older half-brother he hasn't seen in fourteen years. It turns out to be quite the trip. He's barely out of town when a cell phone left behind in the stolen car begins to ring and Mercer finds himself talking to the car's owner, Kate (Zooey Deschanel). From this point forward, nothing proceeds as expected for Mercer. In Reno, hes seduced by a mysterious and sexy girl (played by Jena Malone) and has a slew of dangerous, humorous and eye-opening encounters. In the end its the wildness of the ride, the thrill of the pursuit and the discovery of a love he never saw coming that set this journey apart.
tt0071110
Action,Drama,Thriller
Columbia Airlines' Flight 409 is a red-eye Boeing 747-100 en route from Washington Dulles International Airport to Los Angeles International Airport. One of the passengers on board is a teenage girl named Janice Abbott (Linda Blair) who is sceduled to have a kidney transplant in L.A. and she is being wheeled onto the plane on a stretcher. Another passenger is the actress Gloria Swanson (herself) going to L.A. for another movie deal. Barney (Sid Ceasar) and Bill (Norman Fell) are two gambling friends whom are planning just another good time in California. Also on board are two nuns named Sister Beatrice (Martha Scott) and Sister Ruth (Helen Reddy) whom take pitty on the ailing Janice and Sister Ruth borrows a guitar and sings a song for Janice and the rest of the passengers. Meanwhile, Scott Freeman (Dana Andrews) is a businessman living in Santa Fe, New Mexico with an urgent sales meeting in Boise, Idaho. Failure to make this meeting threatens half his sales commissions for the coming year. He is en route in his private Beechcraft Baron. However, an occluded storm front has the entire West Coast socked in, with Los Angeles reporting zero visibility. That not only affects the Columbia flight but also precludes Freeman making his meeting in Boise. Both flights are diverted to Salt Lake City International Airport. Freeman's small plane and the giant Boeing 747 enter Salt Lake's entry pattern. Air traffic control assigns the jumbo to enter the pattern first at a low altitude of 10,000 feet, followed by the Beechcraft. As Columbia 409 is making its final approach, the co-pilot and First Officer Urias (Roy Thinnes) feels a vibration on one of the adjacent panels and rises to check it out. Freeman, anxious about his missed meeting, makes a call to the Salt Lake Tower asking about the delay. The tower confirms that he is second to land after the big jet. Freeman suddenly suffers a massive heart attack. As he grabs his chest, the Baron falls out of the pattern and descends into the approach of Columbia 409. The Beechcraft impacts the flight deck just above the co-pilot seat. Freeman is instantly killed by the impact as his small plane explodes. First Officer Urias, still standing, is instantly blown from the cockpit. Navigator and Flight Engineer Julio (Erik Estrada) is struck on the head by debris and killed. Captain Stacey (Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.) is struck in the face by debris and is blinded. The impact knocks a male flight attendant from the upper lounge down to the cabin below. Nancy Pryor (Karen Black), the head flight attendant, rushes up to the flight deck to find Urias gone, Julio dead, and Stacey badly maimed. Fortunately, the captain is able to engage the autopilot and the altitude hold switch to keep the aircraft in the air before losing consciousness. Nancy informs the Salt Lake control tower that the crew is dead or badly injured and that there is no one to fly the plane. She is told to stay on the same radio frequency. Nancy gives the assessment of the damage as a large hole on the starboard side of the flight deck that wiped out most of the instrument gauges over the engineer station. Joe Patroni (George Kennedy), Columbia's Vice President of Operations, is apprised of Flight 409's situation. He seeks the advice of Captain Al Murdoch (Charlton Heston), Columbia's chief flight instructor, who also happens to be Nancy Pryor's former lover. Patroni takes a personal intrest in Flight 409 because his wife (Susan Clark) is on board the plane with their eldest son. Patroni and Murdoch take the airline's executive jet to Salt Lake City. En route, they communicate with Nancy, who is still in the cockpit in the pilot's seat. While the autopilot is keeping the aircraft in level flight, it is inoperable for turns. Something has to be done, as the jet is heading into the Wasatch Mountains. After successfully guiding Nancy by radio on how to perform the turn, radio communications are interrupted and the Salt Lake tower is unable to restore contact. With the low-flying plane unable to turn, leaking fuel, and dodging the peaks of the Wasatch Mountains, an air-to-air rescue attempt is undertaken from a jet-powered HH-53 Super Jolly Green Giant helicopter flown by the USAF Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Service. While the pilot is preparing to be released on a tether, it becomes apparent that Flight 409 is heading straight into the side of a mountain. With radio communications still out, Nancy flies the plane unaided. The badly wounded Captain Stacey is able to give a cryptic clue regarding the decrease in airspeed during a climb in altitude. Nancy realizes that she must accelerate the engines to be able to climb over the mountain and successfully does so. After Flight 409 has leveled off, the pilot is released on a tow line from the helicopter towards the stricken airliner. Just as Nancy is helping him in, the release cord from his harness becomes caught in the jagged metal surrounding the hole in the cockpit. As he climbs in, his harness is released from the tether and he falls to his death. The only other person on the helicopter who can land a 747 is Captain Murdock. He is tethered to the rear of the helicopter, lowered to the jet and successfully enters it through the hole in the cockpit. Despite the controls being smashed and with serious damage to the landing breaks, he then lands the plane safely at Salt Lake City Airport, where the flight attendants successfully conduct an emergency evacuation of the passengers via the inflatable slides on the left side of the 747. Patroni is reunited with his wife and son, and Nancy and Captain Murdock walk away from the damaged plane.
tt0375785
Comedy,Romance
Gray and her brother Sam are inseperable - people often mistake them for a couple, sometimes to the frustration and embarrassment of their relatives. The siblings agree to help each other find a boyfriend and girlfriend (respectively), which leads to Sam meeting and marrying the sweet, lovable Charlie. There's just one problem: Gray finds herself attracted to Charlie in a very physical and emotional manner. Gray comes to the very painful and confusing conclusion that she herself may be a lesbian (which would explain her solitary life and inability to connect with men), and seeks advice on what to do.
tt1093369
Horror,Thriller
On a stormy night, a coupleZakes (William Ash - NICHOLAS NICKELBY, MAD ABOUT MAMBO) and Beth (Christine Bottomly THE WAITING ROOM, VENUS) are making their way up the M1 when they are cut off by a maniacal truck driver. For a fleeting moment, the roll door on the back of the truck opens and Zakes glimpses what looks like a half-dressed woman shackled and caged within. Not entirely convinced about what he has seen, Zakes informs the police and tries to forget about the incident. Beth becomes extremely agitated by her boyfriend's indifference and storms off after the couple stop at a motorway service station. Zakes desperately searches the surrounding area but there's no sign of Beth, but he sees a familiar truck leaving the services. Assuming the truck driver has kidnapped his girlfriend Zakes give chase, and so begins a heightened game of cat-and-mouse at full speed along the rain-soaked motorway. [D-Man2010] British thriller. Would-be writer Zakes (William Ash) is driving home along the rain-drenched M1 motorway with his girlfriend Beth (Christine Bottomley) asleep in the passenger seat beside him. When a near-accident causes him to catch a fleeting glimpse into the back of a white lorry just in front of him, he sees to his horror that it contains a woman tied up and covered in blood. The couple stop at the next service station, where Zakes, tired and shaken, carries out his job of posting flyers in the toilets. When he comes out he is horrified to discover that Beth has gone missing. Could she be the next victim of the owner of the white lorry? [D-Man2010]
tt0082242
Horror,Mystery
The small beach community of Potters Bluff advertises "A New Way of Life." George Le Moyne (Christopher Allport), a vacationing photographer, snaps photographs on the beach when an attractive young woman (Lisa Blount) approaches. She asks him who he is and what he is doing. When she asks him his name, he refuses to answer. She says his name should be "Freddie," so he calls her "Lisa," and she poses for him until they are surrounded by a group of townspeople. The girl takes his camera away and others in the crowd take pictures as George is beaten, tied up to a post and set on fire. Later that evening, Sheriff Dan Gillis (James Farentino) examines the site of a car accident with George's burned body inside. William G. Dobbs (Jack Albertson), an elderly coroner-mortician, arrives from his funeral home with his hearse radio blaring jazz music, but as Dobbs examines the burned body, George screams and is rushed to the hospital. The next morning, Sheriff Gillis stops at the diner where fisherman Phil (Barry Corbin) and a few other locals ask about the unknown victim. As Dan informs them that the man is in the hospital, he is served coffee by Midge the waitress (Linda Turley) one of the towns persons who set George on fire. That night, an intoxicated fisherman (Ed Bakey) on the docks is murdered by another mob of townspeople, who once again record the event with their cameras. The next day, when Sheriff Dan Gillis asks hotel proprietor Ben (Macon McCalman) if any guests have disappeared, the lawman is shown George's room. Ben claims that the sheriff's wife, Janet Gillis (Melody Anderson), visited the photographer yesterday. When Dan queries Janet, she admits to buying photographic equipment for the school where she teaches. Later, Dan runs into the principal, Mr. Haskell (Robert Boler), who denies purchasing equipment. Dan is then called to another crime scene where the dead and mutilated body of the fisherman is discovered. At the hospital, George is awake, but only his left eye and mouth are not charred. As Dan and the doctor (Joe Medalis) speak in the hallway, the same woman from the beach known as "Lisa" (now dressed in a white nurse's uniform) sneaks into George's room and kills him with a hypodermic needle into the eye. Later, at George's graveside, coroner Dobbs is angry at Dan that he was not allowed to work his "magic," restoring George for viewing. That night, before Janet leaves for a PTA meeting, she hands her husband a roll of 16mm film that her students shot for a class project and asks him to drop it off to be developed. Meanwhile, a family of three stops at the diner to ask for directions and Midge refers them to "Freddie," a gas station attendant who resembles burn victim George LeMoyne, but in perfect condition. As the family drives through the fog, an unidentified creature runs in front of their car and they crash. They go for help at a nearby house, which is seemingly deserted until the family is surrounded by townspeople. The couple and their young son escape, but as they drive away, a woman in the back seat attacks the boy. The couple grabs their child, ripping the woman's hair and revealing stitches on her scalp. She is thrown from the car as it speeds off. Meanwhile, driving the deserted streets, Sheriff Dan Gillis is startled as the family's car races past. He follows but hits a pedestrian. Dan gets out to investigate and finds the man's severed arm on the front grille of his car. The injured man sits up, hits Dan, grabs the arm and runs away. Dan follows the man but quickly looses him. The sheriff rushes home to get ammunition, but instead of bullets, he finds a book on witchcraft and voodoo. He confronts Janet when she arrives home about it. Janet claims that she plans to lecture her students on witchcraft. The next day, Dan drops off his wife's students' film with storekeeper Ernie (Bill Quinn) and insists only he can pick it up. Later, the sheriff gets a phone call from tow-truck driver, Harry (Robert Englund), as he pulls a car from the ocean (it is the same station wagon the family of three was driving). The car is empty, except for a child's toy airplane. Dan pulls skin from the grille of his car and asks the doctor to analyze it. The hotel proprietor, Ben, tells Dan that he saw George LeMoyne, as "Freddie," at the gas station and wants Janet to verify the man is actually George. In her classroom, Janet lectures on voodoo, explaining that the "walking dead" closely imitate the living but are completely at the will of their master, who maintains control by hiding the person's heart. One of her students is Jamie, the same boy who tried to escape with his parents the previous night. Dan arrives at the school and questions his wife why Principal Haskell was unaware of the photographic equipment purchase, but Janet claims it was a surprise gift for Haskell from the PTA. When they reach the gas station, Janet does not recognize "Freddie." Across town, a female hitchhiker (Lisa Marie) accepts a ride into Potters Bluff, but the driver is the recently murdered fisherman. The mob of townspeople attack, pull out the hitchhiker from the truck and her skull is crushed by the townspeople. At the funeral home, Dobbs restores the hitchhiker's beauty with sculpting, makeup and a new eyeball. After Dobbs leaves the room, a shadowy figure appears, touches the corpse and she sits up. Elsewhere, the doctor informs Dan that the flesh from the car's grille has been dead for at least three months. Later, as the doctor studies the flesh under a microscope, townsfolk (whom include Ernie, Harry, the fisherman, Midge the waitress, Nurse Lisa and the female hitchhiker) murder him by shoving tubes of acid in his nose. The next morning, Dobbs arrives at the sheriff's office and is frantic, claiming that the hitchhiker's body is missing from his funeral home, but he does not want to tell anyone because it will ruin his reputation. Dan is further confused to what is going on, when Dobbs claims that Janet visited him several times, assuming the undertaker knew about voodoo. A short time later, Dan learns that the St. Louis police have identified George LeMoyne and want the body. At the cemetery, Dan gets tired of waiting for Dobbs and asks the gravedigger, Sam (Michael Pataki), to dig up George's grave. As Sam digs, Sheriff Gillis searches the funeral home, but does not find Dobbs, who is resting in one of the corpse drawers. At the grave site, Dan and Sam open the casket to discover only a severed heart inside. At the police station, Dan orders the receptionist and secretary Betty (Estelle Omans) to contact the state police in Rhode Island for any criminal or arrest record and background information on Dobbs. While Dan goes outside to wait, the doctor (now a reanimated being) approaches Dan, where he asks the doctor if there is any way possible to raise and control the recently dead. But the doctor dismisses Dan's theory. The sheriff returns to the station where he and Betty read a message on the station's telex that arrives which reads that Dobbs was formerly "Doctor Dobbs", the chief pathologist for over 30 years in Providence, Rhode Island until he was dismissed from his job on October 10, 1969 when he was discovered performing unauthorized autopsies of dead bodies in the city morgue. Dobbs escaped prosecution by a grand jury hearing but on November 30, he had his doctor's credentials removed from the RI medical society, and he left Rhode Island shortly thereafter and settled in Potters Bluff, Maine the following year in the spring of 1970. Dan then wonders what has Dobbs been doing most of this time in town for the past 10 years. Dan picks up the developed reel of film from Ernie (who is hiding his decomposing right hand, being a reanimated cadaver). Dan goes home and watches the film alone (Note: the movie camera that one of the towns person used to film the murders is in Gillis coat closet). In the film, Dan watches an unknown man enter a house and then sees footage of a woman having sex with a man in the house's bedroom before she stabs him to death while the townspeople enter the scene. The woman in the film is Dan's wife Janet. Dobbs is also in the film and watching the events unfold. Dan races to the funeral home where Dobbs screens films of all the murders. Dobbs admits that Janet was his first reanimated cadaver that he brought back to life when he first arrived in Potters Bluff 10 years ago and greatest creation, but will not reveal his secret method to reanimating the dead despite Dan's threats to shoot him. When Janet arrives, acting as if nothing is amiss, Dobbs insists the dead only have the memories he gives them. Part of Janet's skin comes off in Dan's hand, and he shoots her. She continues to talk until she realizes that she is so damaged she can't possibly be alive. Janet states aloud, as if she just realized, "I'm dead, Dan". Dan shoots Dobbs and follows Janet to the graveyard, where she climbs into George's open grave. She begs Dan to bury her and insists she loves him as he gently drops dirt on her using his bare hands. Meanwhile back at the funeral home, the fatally wounded Dobbs revives, plays some jazz swing music on his turnstile record player, and after making his face up, shoves two embalming tubes in his own stomach before falling dead. Outside at the cemetery, the townsfolk zombies, in various stages of disrepair, surround Dan and offer their condolences to Janet being "dead and buried". It is here that Dan is shocked to realize EVERYONE is involved, including the doctor, Betty, Midge, Ernie, Phil, Harry, George, and Nurse Lisa (all of whom are strangely not attacking him). Dan flees from the cemetery and returns to the morgue where Dobbs, seemingly alive, awaits. Dobbs tells Dan, that "there is one more thing" he needs to know. Dobbs turns the sheriff's attention to one of the screens playing the murders, where Dan sees that he himself is Janet's murdered lover. In the final shot, Sheriff Dan Gillis comes to realize that he is also one of the living dead this whole time... when he finds his hands that he used to bury Janet cracked and decomposing. Dobbs offers Dan to fix his damaged hands for him. On this creepy and eerie note, 'Dead and Buried' comes to a close with a freeze frame and fade out.
tt0494199
Horror,Thriller
The story takes place at St. Mark's, a Catholic boarding school for girls. One day, a young student, Elizabeth, is studying in a classroom on the third floor, when without warning, she is attacked by unseen evil forces. One of St. Mark's priests, Father Drake, attempts to save Elizabeth from the apparently demonic aggressor, but he quickly proves to be powerless against it, and the girl vanishes without a trace. The school is immediately shut down, and all of the students are removed from campus by worried families. Five years later, the school reopens. A harsh headmistress, Miss Pearce, rules the girls with an iron fist; Father Drake remains at the school as a teacher, but because of the disappearance of Elizabeth he has become a drunkard, found by Miss Pearce at a bar. Five troubled and unwanted girls are left by their families at the school: Alex, Mara, Cecilia who is blind, Leah, and Connie. The girls are strictly forbidden to go to the third floor (the site of Elizabeth's disappearance). Cecilia and Mara enter the third floor, prompting Miss Pearce to punish the responsible party. Alex takes the blame and is severely beaten with a ruler. Alex begins to have visions of Elizabeth being possessed by a demon. Other strange things begin to happen, revealing that all five of the girls possess supernatural gifts. Connie is a "conduit," or a magnet for spirit activity, Leah can pass through objects (though not doors or walls), Cecilia has "second site" or what the viewer could interpret as ESP, Mara can heal recent wounds (she heals Alex after her beating), and Alex has telekinesis. It is revealed that Miss Pearce has brought the girls to the school for a very specific reason and is seen conjuring them to a pentagram on the third floor, after which Connie appears to be possessed. A possessed Connie then attempts to drown Leah and the demon passes into her while Connie falls dead. Leah/Legion (who can now pass through doors) goes to confront Father Drake, revealing the name of the demon: Legion. They argue, Father Drake attempts to exorcise her, and Leah uses her new found demon powers to stab him with gold crucifixes. Alex, Mara, and Cecilia have been reading Elizabeth's journal (that appeared after Connie's possession) and have learned enough about Legion to know that they need to escape. They split up to search for the others, Mara finding Father Drake, Alex finding Connie, and Cecilia running into the demon. After a prolonged fight where Cecilia is severely bloodied and Leah's head is smashed in with a book, Legion moves on to Cecilia and grants her "first sight." Terrified, Mara and Alex try to flee, but Ms. Pearce locks them in and breaks Mara's healing hand. It is revealed that she is Elizabeth's sister, trying to save her from Legion. Mara and Alex then hole up in the bedroom and use Connie's spellbook to create a protective circle. Cecilia/Legion finds them and while cannot initially penetrate the circle, uses her own blood to cover over the lines and then possesses Mara. Miss Pearce is in another part of the building, chanting and Elizabeth's body slowly begins to appear before vanishing again. Mara is chasing Alex, who gets stabbed in the stomach. Miss Pearce begs Legion to let Elizabeth go, but they state that they only have 4 girls and the deal was for 5. Alex then uses her own powers of telekinesis to force Legion out of Mara and into Miss Pearce before ramming the demon's head through a crucifix. Mara and Alex collapse and presumably several hours later, Mara awakes and heals herself, but is unable to heal Alex in time. She begins to leave and encounters Virgil (a man in monkish robes and appears to be a type of groundskeeper and is seen briefly throughout the movie). Elizabeth comes running down the stairs, whole and alive, and greats him as father (cue Mara's exit). He is happy and excited, until a bloody Miss Pearce grabs him by the throat and transfers Legion to him. Elizabeth screams and cries as the film ends.
tt0263265
Comedy,Drama,Fantasy
Jabez Stone (Alec Baldwin) is a desperate, down on his luck writer who reaches rock bottom when his close friend, Julius Jensen (Dan Aykroyd), finds success. Thwarted in his attempts to get his work published, he meets a beautiful stranger (Jennifer Love Hewitt) who offers him a chance at fame and fortune in exchange for his soul. Stone, having lost faith in himself, agrees to the offer. After accepting the deal Jabez is quickly lavished with all he had ever dreamed of. A book deal, money, women, notoriety, Stone now had it all. However, despite the success, he is losing the friendship, respect and trust of those around him. Coming to the realization that he didn't quite get everything he bargained for, Stone begs the Devil to release him from their deal. When the Devil scoffs he turns to famed orator Daniel Webster (Anthony Hopkins). The two conclude that they should take the battle to court with Webster defending Stone in an otherworldly trial against the Devil in the ultimate battle of wits in a fight over the fate of Stone's soul.
tt0175526
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
In the woods outside the small affluent town of Cherry Falls, Virginia, a young teenage couple is getting romantic in a car when a female, black-haired killer appears and murders them both. Meanwhile, in town, teenager Jody Marken (Brittany Murphy) - the daughter of the local sheriff - is trying to deal with her boyfriend, Kenny (Gabriel Mann), who thinks it's time to go "all the way." Jody gently tells him 'no', then goes back home only to find her father, Brent (Michael Biehn), upset that she's out past curfew. Brent and his deputies begin to investigate the murders the next day. They see that that the killer carved the word "virgin" into both victims. At the high school, Brent runs into intelligent English teacher Mr. Marliston (Jay Mohr), who urges Brent to divulge more details of the murder to students and the town so as to eliminate the possibility of secrets. Soon enough, the female killer murders another teen - again targeting a virgin. Concerned for the town's safety, Brent holds a meeting at the high school to tell parents the nature of the crimes. (No students are invited, but Jody sneaks in.) The female killer appears and strikes at Jody, but her father rescues her. Word gets out in Cherry Falls about how virgins are being targeted. The school's worst fears are confirmed when a large-scale orgy is planned outside of city limits. At the police station, Jody describes the killer to an officer, who draws a composite sketch. Brent confides with an old friend (the current high school principal) that the suspect looks like "Lora Lee Sherman." The two are both visibly nervous, and Jody listens in on their conversation. Later, Jody learns from her mother about the tale of Loralee Sherman. 25 years ago, Loralee was a high school loner. She claimed that four popular boys at school - including Brent, and the high school principal - raped her one night. Her cries fell on deaf ears and she left the city for the rural outskirts, where she was rarely seen or heard from again. The night the student orgy begins, Brent is abducted by the killer and dragged away. Jody is riding her bike that night, as she has refused to have sex with Kenny at the party. She bikes by Marliston's house as he is dragging a heavy trunk inside. When Jody opens the trunk and sees her bloody father inside, she is knocked unconscious. At the orgy, Kenny is there with a girl who he plans to have sex with, but after thinking, changes his mind and goes to find Jody. He drives to find her but strangely sees her bicycle outside of a house. Downstairs in that house, Marliston puts on a wig and makeup to "become" Loralee Sherman. Marliston reveals that he is Loralee Sherman's illegitimate son, then asks Brent to retell the story of what happened that night 25 years ago. Brent reveals that the four boys - including himself when he was very intoxicated - did indeed rape Loralee. Marliston says his mother became an abusive "psycho" after the rape and gave birth to a son (himself) fathered by one of the rapists. With a close-up of both Brent and Marliston's (identical) eyes, it is strongly implied that Brent is in fact Marliston's biological father. By frightening virgins, Marliston anticipated a large high school orgy (which is happening at that very moment), which would thereby rob all the wealthy parents of their precious children's virginity (just like his mother lost her virginity under less than ideal circumstances). Kenny enters the house and frees Jody. Brent battles with Marliston, losing his life in the battle. Jody and Kenny flee to the orgy. Marliston follows and kills a deputy. He heads inside with an axe and mass panic erupts. After stabbing panicking students and then trying to escape, Marliston is pushed to his death by Jody. The next day, Jody and her mother head away from the police station after submitting a distorted version of the truth.
tt0383518
Drama
A disillusioned young girl looking to carve her own path in life and live on her own terms hits the road with a volatile collection of radical revolutionaries in director Alison Murray's uncompromising coming-of-age road film. Sherry (Ellen Page) is a teenage contradiction of sorts; she wants to be accepted but she doesn't want to sacrifice her fierce individualism. When Sherry meets up with SPARKS (Street People Armed with Radical Knowledge) and decides to join the curious group of counter-culture activists in their trek across Europe, it appears as if the idealistic young traveler has finally found a family who will accept her for who she really is. When the SPARKS group arrives in an abandoned Portuguese vineyard to set up their own private Shangri-la, though, their ultimate goal grows increasingly ominous as the heated rhetoric of group leader Harry begins to take a dangerous slant. When a pair of deaths prompt the more weak-minded members of the group to pledge unwavering support, skeptical Sherry and questioning fellow SPARKS member Mad Ax begin to see the group for what it really is -- a cleverly disguised recruitment tool designed specifically to promote dangerous leader Harry's warped ideology. ~ Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide
tt0783515
Drama
THE SEVENTIES: When New York was still the greatest, dirtiest, most conflicted city in the world... At 16, socially responsible upper west-sider CHARLIE BANKS (Jesse Eisenberg), 15, witnesses charismatic blue collar sociopath MICK LEARY (Jason Ritter), 18, brutally beat two unwitting suburban jocks at a high school party. Mick's a west village neighborhood buddy of Charlie's best friend, but Charlies' conscience gets the better of him. Telling only his parents, he reports Mick to the police. Three years later, during his freshman year in college, Mick shows up for a visit. Does Mick know he was the one who ratted him out? Mick's visit stretches past the weekend and Mick and Charlie begin a game of cat and mouse. Nice one moment, and threatening the next, Mick keeps Charlie guessing. But Mick also begins a strange course of assimilation, donning borrowed cashmere and reading Charlie's books and auditing his classes. Soon Charlie begins to wonder if the intellectual caress of higher education can redeem even someone seemingly as far gone as Mick.
tt1139319
Comedy,Thriller
An actor hard on his luck ends up with a large number of dead bodies on his hands. Together with his hilarious friend they hatch a genius plan of treating their predicament like a film scenario and try to rewrite the day. As the body count mounts, they pitch ideas back and forth desperately searching for a way out.
tt0375735
Drama,Mystery,Romance
One fine spring afternoon, Joe (Daniel Craig) and his girlfriend Claire (Samantha Morton) get away for a romantic picnic in the countryside near Oxford. Joe pauses before he surprises Claire by producing a bottle of Dom Perignon. The moment appears portentous, but before Joe can pop the cork and say whatever is on his mind, a huge red hot-air balloon drifts onto the field. A young boy cowers in the basket of the balloon which is being dragged along the ground quickly while an older man, his grandfather, trails behind, pulling on one of the ropes and urging the frightened boy to jump out. Joe races to assist, and he is joined by several other men coming from all directions. It looks like they've got the situation under control, but before the boy can climb out of the basket, the wind picks up, setting the balloon suddenly aloft; the men hang on reflexively. As the balloon rises higher and higher, four men let go one by one, tumbling safely to the ground. They recover from their panic only to realise that one man never let go and is now dangling from the end of a rope hundreds of feet in the air, the balloon still rising and floating away from the field. The group watch in helpless horror as the man finally loses his grip and falls to his death in the distance. While the onlookers all gape in shock, Joe, rational and practical to a fault, decides to walk over to where the man fell and see if anything can be done. One of the men from the group (Rhys Ifans) follows behind him. A grisly sight awaits Joe and the other man, and it is immediately obvious that the man who fell is quite beyond assistance. The man who tagged along suggests that Joe pray with him. Joe resists, grumbling that prayers won't help, but the other man pleads with him until he finally kneels down. Eventually the authorities arrive and everyone leaves the tragic scene. Shortly afterwards, Joe and Claire are dining at the home of their married friends Robin (Bill Nighy) and Rachel (Susan Lynch), retelling the story of what happened on that fateful afternoon. Joe expresses guilt at having let go of the balloon: if none of the men had let go, he reasons, their combined weight would have kept the balloon from soaring upwards the way it did. He also struggles with the senselessness of the accident-- the boy ended up landing the balloon safely on his own, so the dead man, a doctor named John Logan, sacrificed his life for nothing. Claire's insistence that "it was the wind" only irritates Joe, who can't accept the random and bizarre nature of his traumatic experience. While Joe is at home one afternoon, ostensibly working on his writing but in actuality obsessing about the balloon accident, the phone rings. It's the man who accompanied him to find the doctor's body. He tells Joe he'd appreciate talking over what happened that day. Joe is eager to commiserate with someone who can understand what he's feeling and agrees to meet the man. As it turns out, the man is already standing right across the street from Joe's apartment and waves to him as he looks out of his window. Joe crosses the street to a playground where he reintroduces himself to the man, who gives his name as Jed. Joe wants to discuss the details of the accident but Jed hems and haws, hinting obliquely that he knows what Joe wants to "come out and say." Joe has no idea what Jed's point is and eventually excuses himself, confused and a bit annoyed. Joe teaches a class at college where he tells students that love is nothing more than biological impulses dressed up in sentimentality. Eventually Jed catches up with Joe again at a bookstore, still acting as though he and Joe are on familiar terms and moreover that he's waiting for Joe to tell him something that they both know Joe wants to tell him. Joe manages to get away from Jed, but sees him again days later, lurking at a nearby table at a restaurant where Joe's lunching with his agent (Andrew Lincoln). While Jed seems obsessed with Joe, Joe remains obsessed with the balloon accident. Hoping to gain some insight that would put everything in a better perspective, he visits Logan's widow (Helen McCrory), only to learn that since the death of her husband, she's been agonizing over his last moments alive, wondering whether he spent them out in the country on a tryst with another woman. She found the remains of a picnic in his car as well as a woman's perfumed silk scarf. She grills Joe to remember whether there was one door open when her husband exited his car to rush to the accident, or two, indicating that he had a passenger. Joe can't remember and all he cares about is who let go of the balloon first, a question that only serves to upset the widow Logan further. Neither she nor Joe comes away from their meeting with any greater sense of peace. Jed's increasingly aggressive harassment of Joe combines with Joe's post-traumatic stress until he unravels. He gives a class lecture that sounds more like an angst-ridden rant and he alienates Claire with his self-absorbed and morose thoughts. Finally Claire leaves Joe. Jed tells him that it's for the best because now they're free to be together. Angry and desperate, Joe manages to obtain Jed's address from Mrs. Logan. He creeps into Jed's seedy apartment and finds ample evidence of Jed's obsession with him. When Jed appears, Joe lunges at him, coming close to physical assault before he warns him to stay away and leaves. While Joe cools his rage with several drinks in a bar, Jed beats his own head against the wall. Joe stumbles drunkenly through the rain to Robin and Rachel's happy family home and since Claire's thrown him out, they have no choice but to let him sober up at their place. The next morning, Robin tells Joe that Claire phoned to say that she was with someone named "Jed." Upon hearing that name, Joe leaps to his feet, dashes out of the house, hops in his car and speeds home. A bruised and beaten Jed lounges in Joe's bathrobe as Claire glowers at Joe. Joe can't believe that Claire has sided with Jed. Joe's ready to leave in disgusted defeat when Jed suddenly takes a kitchen knife and stabs Claire in the belly. Claire collapses, a pool of blood slowly expanding from her wound. Joe thinks quickly. He tells Jed that they can be together now and lures him into an embrace. As soon as Jed's guard is down, he grabs the knife and stabs Jed, then runs to Claire's aid. In an epilogue, it's now autumn. Joe has asked Mrs. Logan and her daughter to accompany him to the field where her husband died. He introduces her to an older man and a young blonde woman. The couple explain that John Logan had spotted them on the road after their car broke down and offered them a ride. When the accident happened, they ran off and left their food and the girl's scarf behind. Mrs. Logan sobs with relief and guilt over having mistrusted her dead husband. Claire, now walking with a cane, also shows up to see Joe. They seem to have mended their relationship somewhat, although they now see each other differently. Joe tries to recapture the moment when he originally had planned to propose, opening the same bottle of champagne, but Claire stops him. "Don't say anything," she says, as she sips her champagne. "Don't say anything."
tt1024733
Comedy,Drama
The road trip movie centers around a terminally-ill con man and his estranged son endeavor to live on $5 a day during a cross country drive. Nat (Walken) is a man who enjoys taking advantage of life. He revels in his ability to win daily prizes from radio station contests, drink complimentary coffee from hotel lobbies, and drive the pink and white Sweet N Low car that he won free use of for a year. Nat is a con man or hustler, and a good one too. Hes able to attain almost everything he wants and needs, all for a measly $5 a day. But as a father to his son Ritchie Flynn Parker (Nivola), he comes up short. The one thing at this point in his life that he wants most of all is a closer relationship with his son, Flynn. Flynn has problems of his own: hes just lost his job as a health inspector and his girlfriend, Maggie, is leaving him because of his secretive personality. And he has just learned that his father has a terminal brain tumor and wants to see him. Believing it's just another con from his dad, he grudgingly leaves Los Angeles and goes to Atlantic City to see his father who explains he has been living on five dollars a day, going to extremes to do so, such as constantly calling various radio station contests with different aliases to win things, like concert tickets he can then scalp. Nat shows Flynn an x-ray of his skull. Nat tells him he has learned of an experimental treatment that could offer him a second chance at life. The problem is that it's all the way on the other side of the country, and in order to make the drive he'll need a wheelman. He asks Flynn to drive him to New Mexico to seek a potential cure. Despite the anger and bitterness he has toward his father, he eventually agrees to go. They hit the road driving a Sweetn Low car free of charge provided they get gas at only Chevron stations along the way. Throughout the trip, Flynn calls his girlfriend to tell her about his life and the trip, using one of Nat's many free cell-phones with promotional minutes. At their first stop to eat at an IHOP restaurant, using a fake drivers license to convince them is his birthday, they get to eat for free. They continue to do this at other IHOPs along the way. They stop at a vacant house that is for sale to spend the night, and narrowly avoid being found out by a realtor and some people looking at the home the following morning. The next day over a stolen room service meal from a motel, Flynn learns that Nat got him fired by informing Flynns boss of an earlier jail sentence. It is later revealed that Flynn took the fall for to keep Nat from going to jail for one of his crimes. This bit of betrayal almost makes Flynn abandon the trip. They proceed to drive to various cities, once staying at an open house for a retirement village. They then go to Amarillo, Texas where they meet up with Flynns old babysitter, Dolores (Stone), who is now a professional model who Nat has a thing for. Father and son both get to have moments of flirtations with the very bubbly and flirtatious, Dolores. Next they head to New Mexico so that Nat can collect a small sum of money from an old rival, Kruger (Coyote), whom Nat lent money to start a used car dealership many years back, and whom Flynns mother later ran off with when he was a boy. Kruger, now owner of a hugely successful chain of car dealerships, and a well established member of the community with wife and family, agrees to give Nat a large sum of quiet money so that he does not ruin Kruger's plans to run for mayor by embarrassing Kruger regarding Ritchie's paternity. Now with some cash, Nat suggests to Flynn that the two of them visit Las Vegas to spend some time together. Flynn soon realizes that Nat is not his actual father and Nat convinces him that his story about being sick was a ruse to get him to travel with him to New Mexico. Upset with this news, Flynn runs off with the hush money and sneaks into Kruger's campaign kick-off party to confront him. Not satisfied with how Kruger responds, Flynn rushes the campaign stage to announce Kruger's paternity and simulates the return of the hush money. After escaping capture by campaign security, Flynn returns to the hotel where he meets back up with Nat. After some discussion, Nat collapses and winds up in the hospital, actually very ill. Maggie shows up after Flynn calls her to break the news. They sneak Nat out of the hospital, and Nat takes Flynn to a beached boat house near the shore of a desert lake, where the two go skinny dipping together. Later, Flynn and Maggie are shown sitting in a row boat on the lake, scattering Nat's ashes from a makeshift urn consisting of a large Pepsi cup that Nat got for free with a five dollar purchase of gas. The boat begins to sink as they laugh at their circumstance.
tt0286306
Drama,Horror,War
During World War 1, and in the chaos of a charge across no man's land, a company of British soldiers is wiped-out by machine gun and artillery fire. Tate gets caught in barbed wire, and Shakespeare is unwilling to rescue him. The next morning, the survivors find themselves slowly advancing through a dense mist, which contrary to their fear is not a poison gas. As they emerge from it, the British come across a complex network of German trenches, where they find an apparently besieged handful of terrified German soldiers. Private Quinn shoots the first and attempts to shoot the second, but Private McNess stops him and the German stumbles down the trench. The third German is left, a young man named Friedrich. Convinced that they have broken through the enemy lines, the soldiers decide to secure the trenches. Doing so, they explore them and find ominous signs that something there has gone very wrong: they find rotting bodies everywhere, often wrapped in barbed wire. When detonating charges to close off some passages, they hear a demon like growl and as they walk away fail to notice vast amounts of blood pouring from the mud. Later, while Private Hawkstone is exploring more of the trench, he is called away by the other soldiers. But as he turns, he notices a body covered in mud and leaned against the wall of the trench. It turns out to be the second German who got away and as Hawkstone calls for help the German jumps at him with a shank and Hawkstone is forced to shoot him. This does not kill him and as they wrestle in the mud, Private Starinski runs up and shoots the German. He falls to his knees and Quinn finishes him with a shot to the head. The sudden isolation and sinister nature of the trenches soon starts to exact a toll on the British. Plus, one of them, Private Chevasse, is slowly dying from a spinal injury, and the crystal radio they found cuts out after its first legible message, denying them any means to call for support. They all vent their rage upon the German prisoner, who is abused by all but one of them, a 16-year-old boy named Charlie Shakespeare. During their first night, Starinski, is distracted by strange sounds and led deeper into the trenches, where he finds more German dead wrapped in barbed wire, albeit standing up. As he shouts to alert his comrades, one of the corpses suddenly comes to life and ambushes him and later, his comrades find Starinski wrapped in barbed wire, dead. After suspecting the German prisoner, the men violently interrogate him, but Charlie manages to translate his ramblings from French, saying that they will turn on each other and that there's "evil" in the trenches. Captain Bramwell Jennings, the commander of the battered company, is terrified by hearing strange noises of an incoming infantry charge followed by artillery fire, and runs through the trenches in search of Sergeant Tate, who has sent Hawkstone searching for the captain. More and more frightened, Jennings finally stumbles in the central area of the trench, where the squad has piled the corpses of the many German dead soldiers, and, his nerves on edge, when Hawkstone reaches him from behind, shoots him in the head. Despite that, Tate still fiercely follows orders and refuses to abandon the trench. That same day, the men, believing the attacks and the strange events to be actions done by Germans still hiding in the trench, seals off more passages in an attempt to drive off the enemy. In the night, more strange noises are heard, and the men's morale and discipline deteriorates even further, with Quinn especially near the border of insanity. Later, after McNess is pursued by an eerie red mist and completely drenched in blood and fear, he runs off, but is shot by a man who turns out to be Private Bradford. A rescue attempt is made by Corporal Fairweather, the company medic, but McNess, crawling across the ground, is pursued by a moving mud mound that drags him underground. Meanwhile, Bradford, who has been found by Shakespeare, is convinced that he is possessed by death, that the whole trench is, and that he is to be killed, urging Shakespeare to do so. When the latter refuses, Bradford runs away. In the morning, Quinn decides that he has had enough and ties up Friedrich outside the trench and mutilating him, daring any Germans there might be to shoot him and save their comrade. In the trench, Jennings suddenly decides he wants a company inspection, and relieves Tate when the he refuses to comply. Fearing for the outcome of the standoff, both Shakespeare and Fairweather comply with the order, saving Tate from discipline. In the meantime, Jennings notices Friedrich screaming and moves off, going after Quinn. He demands that he too follow orders, but Quinn, already in a murderous frenzy, beats him and stabs him, then confronts Tate, who, though manages to break Quinn's arm, falls into and is hampered by barbed wire and killed by Quinn with a trench club. Quinn then taunts Shakespeare, who holds him at gunpoint, calling him a coward and daring him to shoot. However, barbed wire suddenly appears from out of the ground, wrapping and mauling Quinn, at which point Shakespeare shoots him to end his torture. Back in the trench, Charlie unties Friedrich, to whom he gives a rifle. Charlie runs off looking for Fairweather. He finds that the paralysed Chevasse, now pale and pestered by flies, appears to be able to move his legs again. However, when Charlie lifts up the blanket that was covering him, he discovers, much to his horror, that rats have been eating Chevasse's legs. Horrified, Chevasse begins to scream uncontrollably, forcing Charlie to shoot him in the head to put him out of his misery. Charlie runs off again and finds the two remaining soldiers, Bradford and Fairweather. Bradford has tied Fairweather up with barbed wire and shoots Fairweather in the head before Charlie can stop him. Charlie finally gives Bradford what he wanted and stabs him in the stomach with his bayonet and then shoots him. At that point, the soil under the German dead starts to cave in, while barbed wire blocks off every passage. As Charlie tries to escape, he stumbles and is sucked in as well. He wakes up in a dark cave filled with corpses, at which end he finds living versions of the whole group while they were eating just the other night, himself as well. He shouts defiantly that he isn't dead and runs off, reaching the surface of the trenches. Friedrich appears and points his rifle at him. Charlie is exasperated, and tells Friedrich that he helped him. He acknowledges, in perfect English, that indeed only Charlie helped him and that's why he is free to go. Charlie asks what's out there, but Friedrich has already disappeared. Charlie climbs out and leaves to an unknown fate, disappearing into the mist. Later, another team of British soldiers arrive at the trench and seeing Friedrich they shout at him to surrender and lift his hands. In the last scene, Friedrich gives the camera a knowing stare before the screen fades.
tt0119784
Fantasy,Horror,Mystery
Richard Dees [Miguel Ferrer], ace reporter for the tabloid newspaper Inside View is offered a new assignment. Some sicko who calls himself Dwight Renfield, as in Dwight Frye who played the role of Renfield in the 1931 movie version of Dracula, is flying from desolate airport to desolate airport in his black Cessna Skymaster 337, tail number N101BL, killing whomever is there and then drinking their blood--and no one has caught him yet. However, Dees thinks the story is a waste of his time and suggests that editor Merton Morrison [Dan Monahan] give the assignment to cub reporter Katherine Blair [Julie Entwistle], whom Dees has unaffectionately nicknamed "Jimmy," after Jimmy Olson of Superman fame. The next morning, after Katherine has been able to tap into a network of local law enforcement agencies on her computer and find three cases that all meet the batty flier's M.O., Morrison again asks Dees to take the assignment. This time, Dees agrees. Needless to say, Katherine isn't pleased. Dees has his own airplane and decides to run the killer's back trail. First stop is the Cumberland County Airport in Falmouth, Maine, where Claire Bowie was killed. Dees gets the details from Ezra Hannon [John Bennes] on how, as he was turning over the night shift to Claire, the night-flying Skymaster landed. Out of the airplane walked a man wearing a long black cloak. The next morning, Hannon found Claire washing down the Skymaster. The morning after that, Claire was found with his throat ripped open. The only strange thing that Hannon can recall was under the luggage bay--a big pile of dirt filled with worms and maggots. That night, Dees pays a visit to Claire's grave in order to get a photograph. Later, after drinking 3/4ths of a bottle of booze and bedding down for the night at the Cumberland Motel, Dees dreams that someone wearing a long black cloak is after him. When Dees looks out the patio door, however, he sees written on the glass in what looks like blood, "STAY AWAY." Dees chalks it up to a cemetery caretaker who gave him a hard time while he was trying to photograph Claire Bowie's grave. Second stop is New York, the Alderton Funeral Home, where Buck Kendall is laid out ready for the funeral director to sew up the deep gashes in his face and the two big holes on opposite sides of his neck. In a call that evening to Morrison, Dees learns that Morrison is getting antsy. He wants to run the story about the Night Flier, but Dees is not ready to give it yet, so Morrison has a brainstorm. He puts Katherine back on the story. Third stop for Dees is Duffrey, Maine, where Ray and Ellen Sarch were the Night Flier's third and fourth victims. Unfortunately, the Duffrey airport is closed, so Dees has to land at Washington National, rent a car, and drive into town. On the way, he comes upon a car crash. Several people have been killed and are laying all bloodied on the pavement and in their cars. While photographing a young boy, Dees sees the boy's face suddenly change into that of an older man with a chain hanging out of his mouth. Dees is taken aback, but the policeman telling him not to get in the way interrupts his vision. Dees stops at a gas station in Duffrey. The owner tells him how he filled Ray and Ellen's tank the day before the murders. Ray was looking tired and pale, but Ellen was looking "fine." The owner suggests that Dees talk to Selida McCammon, Ellen's hairdresser. Selida tells Dees that she thought it odd for Ellen, after 20 years of appointments as regular as clockword, to suddenly come in two weeks early. Plus, Ellen seemed all dreamy to Selida, looking "like a schoolgirl with a crush," and asking for a new look that made her appear sensuous and younger. Ellen also told Selida about the pilot who had flown in the night before and how they welcomed him by inviting him in for dinner and to watch a little TV. After getting the story from the local deputy, Dees pays a visit to the Sarches' trailer. He sees Ray's office where bloody handprints still remain on the window. He sees the corner of the room where Ray's head was found, ripped from his shoulders. He sees on the wall the FAA warning for a black Skymaster 337 #N101BL registered to Dwight Renfield. He sees the bedroom where Ellen Sarch's body was found lying on the bed, two big holes on opposites sides of her neck, her body bloodless, and a peaceful smile on her face. When he leaves the trailer, Dees is chased by a large dark dog who disappears when Dees manages to outrun it to his car. That evening, after checking in at the Falling Star Motel, Dees goes out for a drink or two or three. As he looks at the photos he has taken, the bartender sets down an unordered Bloody Mary, supposedly ordered for Dees by a guy at the end of the bar, but there is no one there now. Dees lifts the drink to see the words "STOP NOW" printed on the napkin underneath it. When Dees returns to his hotel, who should he see there but Katherine Blair. They trade insults, boast about their leads, and both admit that they're actually dry. Dees invites "Jimmy" to help him phone airports in search of the Night Flier's next touchdown. They make a list of all the airports in the area and divide it in half. Dees calls his half on his cellphone while Katherine calls her half on the phone in the motel room. No luck. Only one airport to go--Wilmington--which is unlikely, as it's a large airport. Dees makes the call anyway. When he asks the air controller if he's seen a black Cessna Skymaster 337, tail 101BL, the controller curtly says "No" and hangs up on him. Obviously, the real answer is "Yes." Fourth stop is Wilmington Airport, but first Dees has to get rid of "Jimmy." He locks her in his closet, tells her, "Sorry, Jimmy. You lose," and then takes off alone. It is a dark and stormy night as Dees approaches Wilmington. He asks the controller again if he's seen a Skymaster 337, tail 101BL but gets no reply. Suddenly, his radio is filled with screams. Then comes a deep, gravelly voice calling his name. It is Dwight Renfield himself. He tells Dees to turn around, but Dees refuses. When he lands at Wilmington, Dees sees it--the black Skymaster. There is no one inside, so Dees peeks in. What he finds is mind-numbing. The cockpit is dripping with blood, and the cargo hold is filled with dirt, worms, maggots, and several copies of Inside View. Suddenly the screaming starts again, and Dees runs to the terminal. What he finds inside is even more appalling. Blood everywhere, and bodies of men, women, and children on the floor and in the chairs. Even the FAA warning for the black Skymaster 337 #N101BL registered to Dwight Renfield is dripping with blood. One body catches his eye, and Dees goes over to photograph it. It is a man with a chain hanging out of his mouth. Dees pulls out the chain to find a crucifix dangling from it. Dees has had it. He can no longer hide behind his camera and races to the men's room where he upchucks his dinner. Suddenly, someone else enters the men's room, but Dees cannot see anyone in the mirror, only the trickle of blood in the urinal where someone is relieving himself. It is Dwight Renfield [Michael H. Moss], and for the first time, Dees realizes that he has encountered a real vampire. Dwight makes Dees destroy his film, warns Dees for the final time not to follow him anymore, and leaves. After shivering for a few seconds, Dees follows anyway...shouting at Dwight to show his face. Show it he does, to reveal two huge, opposing fangs, one on the top and one on the bottom. Dwight then slits his own wrist and makes Dees drink the blood. And now Dees enters his own personal hell. The floor of the terminal turns misty and from it start rising all the people whom Dees has exploited to write his stories in Inside View. As they advance toward him, Dees freaks. Grabbing the axe from the emergency firebox, he starts hacking at them. Suddenly the police arrive, followed by Katherine Blair. The police order Dees to freeze, but he rushes towards Katherine anyway, so they shoot him. They warn Katherine to stay back, so she stands by the terminal window where she sees Dwight Renfield getting into his black Skymaster and taking off. Katherine knows that she can never print what she believes or believe what she prints, so the next cover of Inside View features Richard Dees lying in a pool of his own blood. The headline reads: NIGHT FLIER DEFANGED. Inside View Scribe Moonlighted as Dastardly Deadly Count. In the lower right-hand corner is a photo of Katherine "Jimmy" Blair, the tabloid's new ace reporter. Sorry, Dees. You lose. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]
tt0271219
Comedy,Drama,Romance
Oscar Grubman (Aaron Stanford) is a 15-year-old teen, portrayed as mature beyond his years, traveling home from school for Thanksgiving. He speaks French fluently, quotes Voltaire and finds girls his own age to be too shallow and superficial, as well as too inexperienced in life. When an attractive girl from his school, Miranda Spear (Kate Mara), who is obviously interested in him, approaches Oscar, he politely brushes her off. Oscar confides in his friend Charlie (Robert Iler) that he is in love with a mature woman and plans to win her heart during Thanksgiving break. Oscar arrives at the apartment of his father, Columbia University history professor and author, Stanley Grubman (John Ritter), and stepmother, the passionate cardiologist, Eve (Sigourney Weaver). That evening, the Grubmans hold a party where Stanley introduces him to a girl his age, but Oscar rebuffs her as well while staring at the object of his affection: his stepmother. Oscar tries to open up to her, but the unsuspecting Eve doesn't pick up on any of his advances. Stanley tells him to walk the girl home, but he hails her a cab. Depressed from his failure with the older woman, Oscar goes to a bar with a fake ID and gets drunk. He bumps into Eve's best friend, chiropractor Diane Lodder (Bebe Neuwirth), who offers to take him to her own apartment seeing his current condition. Once there, Diane begins to massage him and they end up making love. Oscar wakes the next morning and has an awkward encounter with Diane's boyfriend, Phil. Back at home, Oscar plans a surprise lunch for Eve but first Stanley inquires about where Oscar spent the night. Oscar makes up a story about meeting Miranda Spear from school. He brings lunch to Eve at her laboratory, where he opens up to her once more, pondering the use of the heart as a symbol for affection. Together, they decide that the liver should be the new symbol for love. Their conversation is interrupted by a phone call from Stanley, who mentions that Diane will be joining them for dinner. Worried that Diane will tell them about their tryst, Oscar finds Diane at a tea room with several of her friends. All behave as though they know about the previous evening, and most of the women twice his age flirt with him. Oscar makes Diane promise to keep last night a secret from Stanley and especially Eve. At dinner, Diane drinks and behaves coyly. She plays footsie with Oscar and flirts with him in French. After she excuses herself from the table, Oscar follows to confront her. She kisses him while not being totally out of Stanley's view, after which Diane admits to Stanley and Eve that she and Oscar are lovers. The next day, Diane explains to Eve that she found Oscar a charming young man. Eve condemns her for seducing a 15-year-old, but Diane says that many women would have done the same, including possibly Eve. Later that day, Eve and Oscar play a tense round of tennis, lobbing insults at each other, ending up with Oscar getting hit in the head with a ball. Oscar explains that he only did what he did with Diane because he was drunk and she was wearing Eve's scarf. Eve immediately understands that he is in love with her. They share a passionate kiss and Eve eventually breaks away. At the end of Thanksgiving break, Eve and Stanley take Oscar to the train. Eve asks how his liver feels and he replies that it hurts, but is not broken. She also tells him how much he loves his father. On the train, Oscar meets up with Charlie, and runs into Miranda. Miranda quoted Voltaire, "If we do not find something pleasant, at least we will find something new," and looks longingly at Oscar. Charlie notices this and Oscar tells Charlie that Miranda smells nice. Charlie asks about Eve and Oscar states that his obsession with Eve was not as important as it seemed. Charlie doesn't understand his friend, but Oscar smiles as the train rolls on.
tt0120604
Action,Adventure,Fantasy
Set in a post apocalyptic future instead of a 16th century England, a perimeter of a nameless castle in a nameless kingdom, a murderous cult guards camped outside. The beast Grendel attacks the castle but disappears in the shadows when the king Hrothgar challenges him. A woman tries to escape the kingdom but is captured by the cult and set to be killed. She is rescued when a lone warrior named Beowulf arrives and orders them to release her. They refuse and he fights the cult until the leader agrees to let them go so long as they both enter the castle. Beowulf agrees but the woman tries to escape again but is decapitated by the cult. Beowulf enters the castle and is looked down upon the guards but does not try to deny his guilt. He meets the king telling him that "the Darkness" has brought him here. He meets Hrothgar's daughter Kira and the two converse. She tells him of her dead husband and he suspects there is something more she is not telling him. The captain of the guard Roland is unkind to his men as well as to Beowulf. Grendel attacks and kills the blacksmith that night. Beowulf investigates upon discovering evil is there and the weapon's master is also found killed. He meets with the blacksmith's nephew Will, whom he befriends. Beowulf is challenged by Roland who is jealous of Kira's interest in him but is easily beaten by Beowulf. That night King Hrothgar is approached by a beautiful mysterious woman who licks his face and has sexual intercourse with him. Grendel attacks and all the women and children are set in a church for protection but all are killed by Grendel who attacks Beowulf. Beowulf fights back but no weapons can hurt Grendel and has his chest ripped open by Grendel in the process. Grendel escapes when Hrothgar challenges the beast. Later, Hrothgar has sex with the woman again. Kira notices that Beowulf's injuries have healed and suspects there is something he is not telling her. Will crafts a new weapon for Beowulf. Before leaving to fight Grendel, Kira confesses to Beowulf that she had killed her husband when he became drunk and tried to beat her. She fears that Grendel is her husband brought to life but Beowulf does not believe this. He tears off Grendel's arm with the weapon Will made for him in the ensuing battle.That night, Beowulf and Kira express their romantic feelings for each other and Beowulf explains that he is the son of a god of evil. He explains that the only thing that keeps him from becoming evil is fighting it. Roland is seduced and killed by the woman that Hrothgar has been banging. The cult leaves the castle believing that the monster is killed. One-armed Grendel kills everyone in the castle including Hrothgar but is killed by Beowulf. The mysterious woman reveals herself to be Grendel's mother, a witch who seduces men. She transforms into a monster and attacks Beowulf who kills her by setting the torch burners out of control which consume her in flames. Beowulf and Kira escape the castle as it burns to the ground.
tt0425027
Drama
Jay Austin wants to sell you a car, and it doesn't matter to him how he does it. He is dishonest in his business, and that's exactly how he conducts his personal life as well. He is dishonest in all of his relationships - even his wife and son know they can't trust him. However, as Jay works on restoring a classic 1958 Triumph TR3A convertible, he comes face-to-face with the reality that his life is spinning out of control because of the choices he has made and the way he has conducted himself in his business and in his relationships. He resolves to give his life and his business over to God and make God the "Boss," and begins the ride of his life! Despite the fact that selling cars at honest prices may cause him to loose his business (as it would have been a struggle even at the dishonest prices he had been selling cars), he decides that he is going to be honest in all of his dealings. He gives the business over to God and says that it is His car lot and He can do with it as He pleases. If the business goes under, then it is because God allowed it; if the business succeeds it will be because God saved it... all he desires is to finish well by honoring God with the way he conducts his business, and indeed to honor God in all of his relationships.
tt0212380
Comedy,Drama,Romance
When the tiny burgh of Keighley lands the rights to host the annual British hairdressing championships, practically every city in the United Kingdom is represented in the competition -- except Keighley itself. It seems the event is team-oriented, and the only suitable local contestants had a huge falling out a decade ago . For Brian (Josh Hartnett), the son of two hairdressers, that falling out had personal consequences: His mother Shelley (Natasha Richardson) left his father Phil (Alan Rickman) to take up with Phil's hair model Sandra (Rachel Griffiths). Since then, former styling champ Phil has settled for training Brian to help run his lowly barber shop, while Shelley and Sandra have opened a salon of their own. But when Shelley learns that she has terminal cancer, she reaches out to her family in hopes that a reunion for the hairdressing contest might help them all find some sense of closure. To complicate matters, Phil's old arch-nemesis, Ray (Bill Nighy), is now a two-time champ looking for a three-peat, and he's brought along his beautiful American daughter Christina (Rachael Leigh Cook) to work on his team.
tt0100142
Comedy,Drama,Romance
In New York City, upper class socialites return home from college for Christmas break, which coincides with debutante ball season. After attending one of the balls, Princeton student Tom Townsend (Edward Clements) is ushered into a taxicab by Nick Smith (Christopher Eigeman), who mistakenly assumes Tom was trying to hail the same cab. Nick and his friends, known as the "Sally Fowler Rat Pack" or "SFRP," introduce themselves and invite Tom to an after-party at Sally Fowler's (Dylan Hundley) parents apartment on the Upper East Side. There, Tom admits he never uses taxicabs, and Nick guesses that he is a "public transportation snob." However, Tom, whose parents divorced three years ago, is simply short on cash since his wealthy father remarried. Tom talks to Audrey Rouget (Carolyn Farina) and her best friend Jane Clarke (Allison Parisi), who went to the same boarding school as his ex-girl friend, Serena Slocum. Audrey and Jane reveal that Serena, who had many suitors, read her love letters aloud. Audrey recalls Tom's letters, in which he expressed disdain for debutante society. Tom admits he is still opposed to it, and only attended tonight's ball out of boredom. Charlie Black (Taylor Nichols), an intellectual who pontificates endlessly on the state of the "preppy" class, accuses Tom of being a hypocrite. Charlie asks about Tom's political leanings, and he claims to favor a model of socialism developed by French philosopher Charles Fourier. Charlie argues that Fourierism failed. Sally invites Tom to another party the next night, but he declines. However, after going to bed after dawn at his divorced mother's apartment on the Upper West Side, Tom wakes up in the early evening and finds the tuxedo rental shop closed when he tries to return his tuxedo. Jane Clarke telephones him, complains of an "escort shortage," and persuades Tom to accompany Audrey Rouget to tonight's party. Tom puts his rented tuxedo back on and joins the group. At the black tie party at the Plaza Hotel, Serena Slocum (Elizabeth Thompson) arrives with her new beau, a titled aristocrat named Rick Von Sloneker (Will Kempe). Nick Smith detests Von Sloneker and denounces the titled aristocracy as the "scum of the earth." Audrey talks to Tom about her favorite books. When she mentions Jane Austen's 'Mansfield Park', he is taken aback by her preference for such a "notoriously bad" novel. Later at Sally's apartment, Charlie Black tells the group they are all doomed to "downward social mobility," along with the rest of the preppy class. Nick promises to put Tom's name on the "floor committee" for the Christmas ball, but Tom reiterates that he does not plan to attend any more dances. Nick guesses Tom is declining because he is short on money, and convinces him all he needs is the proper formal-wear. Nick agrees to go shopping with Tom, who buys the tuxedo he has been renting for a reduced price. Tom remains preoccupied with Serena, despite Audrey's obvious interest in him. Another night later, he talks to Audrey about his estranged father, whom he sees very little because his stepmother does not like house guests. Audrey brings up Mansfield Park again, and Tom admits he never reads novels, but defends his right to form opinions based on literary criticism. At another ball at another hotel, Charlie laments the word "bourgeoisie's" negative connotations, given the bourgeoisie's contributions to society. While waiting for Audrey outside the restrooms, Tom encounters Serena, who tells him she and Rick have broken up. Tom agrees to escort Serena home, and asks his drunken friend, Fred Neff (Bryan Leder), to tell Audrey he will return. Unfortunately, Fred is so drunk that he does not remember what Tom said to him. Fred ends up vomiting on another party guest and has to be taken home. Tom escorts Serena home and kisses her goodnight her apartment. Later, he finds the SFRP back at Sally's apartment. Audrey, who never received Tom's message via Fred, is upset that Tom disappeared. Charlie, who harbors a secret crush on Audrey, reprimands Tom for abandoning her and calls him an egoist. The next day, Audrey makes excuses for Tom's behavior, but Jane warns her to be careful. Audrey argues that Tom is the only boy she has ever liked, and she refuses to give up on him despite "apparent inconsistencies." That night, as Audrey forgives Tom for running off to deal with Serena, Charlie discusses the term he has invented to describe the preppy class: Urban Haute Bourgeoisie, or "UHB." Cynthia McLean, who used to date Rick Von Sloneker, asks Nick to explain why he hates Rick so much. Nick recounts the tragic story of Polly Perkins, who committed suicide after Von Sloneker convinced her to take part in a degrading sex act with multiple boys. Walking home with Tom, Nick admits he invented "Polly Perkins," but claims she was a composite of real people. On Christmas Eve, Jane warns Audrey that Tom still has feelings for Serena, and Audrey wanders around the city depressed. She runs into Serena at a church service and cries while singing hymns. Tom spends Christmas Eve alone at his mother's apartment. Two days later on the day after Christmas, the SFRP reunites to play bridge and strip poker at Jane's parents apartment. Tom tells Audrey he went to see his father on Christmas, only to discover he had moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico. Tom predicts he will be disinherited, and also mentions he has been reading Jane Austen's 'Persuasion' and surprisingly likes it. Later, Nick and Cynthia take mescaline and Nick becomes paranoid. During a parlor game called "Truth," Jane asks Tom to reveal his romantic interests in descending order. Tom only names Serena, and predicts he will give up on romance for a while if things do not work out with her. Audrey leaves the room. Charlie tries to console her by proclaiming his affection, but she runs away. Nick is the only one of the group to attend The International, a televised white tie debutante ball that the others watch on TV at Jane's apartment. Jane invites Rick Von Sloneker over, and when Nick returns from the ball, Von Sloneker confronts him about the Polly Perkins story that he just found out. Nick admits Polly was a fake name he used to protect the identity of Cathy Livingston. At the mention of her name, Von Sloneker loses his temper and claims he had nothing to do with Cathy's suicide. He punches Nick, breaking his nose. In the early morning, Nick gives Tom his top hat, asks him to watch over the SFRP, and boards a train to visit his estranged father as well as return to college. That evening, Tom takes Serena to dinner at an expensive restaurant. She offends him when she admits to throwing away her old love letters. However, she recalls that Audrey, who was a fan of Tom's letters, asked to keep them for herself. Realizing he has feelings for Audrey, he sets out to find her, only to discover that she and Cynthia have snuck away to Rick Von Sloneker's house in Southampton, Long Island. When Jane leaves to go on a date with a guy from another college, Tom joins Charlie and Fred at a bar, where they meet and talk with an older preppy guy who rejects Charlie's theory that the UHB are doomed to failure. After Fred leaves the group to go home (having just quit drinking and gotten a steady job, being a college graduate), Tom and Charlie stop by Sally's apartment, but Sally, an aspiring singer, is busy entertaining a record producer named Allen Green. She calls Tom and Charlie "tiresome" and sends them away. The next morning, Tom convinces Charlie that Von Sloneker might take advantage of Audrey and they should go to her aid. But when they visit several car rental agencies around the city, they cannot get a car because neither Tom or Charlie can drive or has a valid driver's license. With Fred (who can drive) unable to assist them due to working at his job, Charlie pays for a taxi to Southampton in the outer rim of Long Island. They sneak into Von Sloneker's beach house and find Cynthia and Audrey sunbathing under heat lamps indoors. Von Sloneker insults Audrey and challenges Tom, who pulls a toy gun on him. Outside, Tom and Audrey walk on the beach. Audrey is pleased when Tom suggests he might visit France, where Audrey will be attending college after the winter break ends on New Years Day. Soon after, in the ironic final shot, Charlie, Tom, and Audrey hitchhike back to Manhattan since they have no car or taxi to take them back to the city.
tt0112585
Comedy,Drama,Romance
The film begins with Finbar "Barry" McMullen (Edward Burns) standing at the grave of his recently deceased father, along with his mother, who tells him that she's returning to her native Ireland to be with Finbar O'Shaughnessy (after whom Barry is named), her sweetheart of long ago. She tells Barry that while she gave Barry's father 35 of the best years of her life, she's going to start living life her way with the man she really loves. While this could be interpreted as disrespect for the memory of the family patriarch, it is later revealed in the movie that he was an alcoholic and abused his family prior to his death. It also provides a backdrop on why the three sons have relationship issues. Flashing forward five years later, Barry's older brother Jack (Jack Mulcahy) has purchased their parents' Long Island home and lives in it with his wife Molly (Connie Britton), who is pressing Jack to start a family due to Her just turning 30 but he is reluct because of finances and worries about being a father given their father's failings. Jack is bothered by a conversation around commitment and never having another lover for life. He get involved with Ann (Elizabeth Makay), a former romantic interest of Barry's who pursues him as she likes relationships without the romantic entanglements and favours the term doing it over making love. Meanwhile, Barry and the youngest brother, Pat (Mike McGlone) ask to temporarily move in with Jack, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pat and Barry, like their brother, are basically overgrown teenagers torn between prolonged adolescence and commitment to their girlfriends. Pat plans to break his engagement to Susan (Shari Albert) based on Barry's advice after she suggests they get married. Pat is upset when she breaks up with him first citing his indecisiveness about their relationship and the problems that could come between two faiths, as Susan is Jewish and Pat is a devout Irish Catholic. Pat has just finished college and has no idea what he wants to with his life whereas Susan and her father have his future fully laid out. Barry has no interest in a long-term relationship, until he meets Audrey (Maxine Bahns), a woman whom he accuses of "stealing" an apartment that he was trying to rent by getting there first. Though things do not go well between them at first, they warm up to one another when they get set up on a blind date by a mutual friend and start a relationship. Molly learns of Jack's affair after finding an unused condom in his pants as she is cleaning up after him one day. She confronts Jack, but he refuses to discuss it. His brothers also try to intervene, but to no avail as he tells them, that by Catholic tradition, no one can intervene in a married couple's disputes. Pat provides him good advice and counsel on fixing his relationship with Molly. Pat approaches Susan to take him back but when she starts making life and career plans for him he decides to end the relationship for good. Moving back into the family home Pat has renewed a friendship with Leslie, a girl-next-door type who likes to work on her father's car and ended her engagement on her wedding day and gave up her religion. Pat was interested in her at school but she was dating the boy she became engaged to and her never had a chance to ask her out. The friendship develops into something a little more when they decide to head out to California together in a classic car that Leslie has her eye on. Jack, Under the weight of guilt, finally breaks it off for good with Ann. He then returns home determined to rebuild his damaged marriage. On St Patrick's day he pays a visit to his father's grave, promising (in a voice-over) that he will be a better husband to his wife than his father was, emptying a flask of Irish whiskey over the grave. Barry struggles with his career and opportunity to go to Hollywood with his script and his commitment to Audrey and breaks off their relationship. Pat again, as the younger brother, gives Barry good advice about not blowing the relationship as it might not come round again. Audrey decides to move home and at the last moment after she's walked out and returned his ring Barry has a change of heart and goes after her. The movie ends with all three brothers gathering at the family homestead with a newfound belief in love and a desire to not miss out on their chances like their mother had done.
tt0090848
Adventure,Drama,Fantasy
Orphaned homo sapiens child Ayla is taken in and raised by a roving Neanderthal band, learns to be a healer and a huntress in the Clan. No English or many spoken words at all.
tt0095801
Comedy,Drama
German tourist Jasmin Münchgstettner (Marianne Sägebrecht) has a big fight with her husband (Hans Stadlbauer) and stomps off in the middle of a desert highway. Similarly, short-tempered Brenda (CCH Pounder), owner of the dilapidated Bagdad Cafe, has a fight with her husband, who also drives off. Jasmin arrives at the Bagdad Cafe, suitcase in tow, and asks for a room at the adjacent motel, both of which are located in the middle of nowhere in the California desert. Jasmin stays a while, befriending Brenda's children and Rudi Cox (Jack Palance), a washed-out set designer from Tinsel-Town (Hollywood) and cafe regular. Jasmin, whose typical German fastidiousness can't tolerate disorder and dirt, starts cleaning and organizing her motel room and the café; while smooth-talking Rudi wants to paint Jasmin's portrait in a series of portraits, each more risqué than the last. Also a skilled magician, Jasmin begins entertaining the infrequent customers. Word of this gem in the desert spreads throughout the trucker community, and soon the café is packed, drawing the attention of the local Sheriff, Arnie (Apesanahkwat). Having no green card, Jasmin must leave, having over-stayed her tourist visa, but Rudi has a solution: Jasmin can stay if she marries him. She accepts his proposal and the show goes on with her magic tricks and the musical talents of Brenda and her children.
tt0083851
Comedy,Drama,History
England, 1694. Mrs Herbert (Janet Suzman) and her daughter Mrs Talmann (Anne-Louise Lambert) try to persuade Mr Neville (Anthony Higgins), an artist, to make a series of drawings of Mr and Mrs Herbert's house and estate. Mr Neville finally agrees when Mrs Herbert offers, in addition to paying for each drawing and giving him room and board while he draws, to sleep with him. (Oddly, she makes this offer in the presence of her husband's agent, Mr Noyes (Neil Cunningham), who is drawing up the contract.) Mrs Herbert intends the drawings to be a gift to her obnoxious and estranged husband, who dotes on his property and who is conveniently planning to be away from home while the drawings are created. Mr Neville inconveniences the entire household with detailed and stringent requirements for his 12 drawings. For specified periods every day, the views he has chosen must be kept clear of carriages, animals, smoking chimneys, and people -- except for the one that requires Mr Talmann (Hugh Fraser) to stand still and wear the same clothes for several days running. The atmosphere of the film is chilly; there's little indication that any of the characters like one another, and many of them are fairly hostile. Starting over the issue of Mr Talmann's wardrobe, Mr Talmann and Mr Neville snipe at one another continuously. Mr and Mrs Talmann have a bitter confrontation. It's hard to tell what the exaggerated costumes are meant to contribute: comically tall headpieces for the women, and for the men, very long, curly wigs -- waist-length, in some cases -- which, along with full-skirted coats, make them look like Edwardian schoolgirls. Mrs Herbert is distressed by the sexual part of her agreement and tries to break the contract; Mr Neville refuses. Mrs Talmann makes her own bargain for sexual favors with Mr Neville (which doesn't affect her mother's). Later, we learn that Mr Talmann is impotent -- and also that Mr Herbert doesn't believe that women should own property, so the inheritance of the estate depends on Mrs Talmann producing a son. Mr Herbert's injured horse turns up, and shortly thereafter his body is found in the moat. Mr Noyes, the agent, who as a young man wanted to marry Mrs Herbert, comes to her demanding assistance because he believes he will be suspected of murdering Mr Herbert. Mrs Herbert shows no interest in helping him, so Mr Noyes blackmails her: if she doesn't give him the drawings (why does he want the drawings?), he'll make the draughtsman's contract public, exposing her as an adulteress. Mrs Talmann observes that many of the drawings include objects that have no business being where they are: a ladder leading to Mrs Talmann's bedroom window; a pair of boots belonging to her husband; and several items of clothing belonging to Mr Herbert. Mrs Talmann implies that Mr Neville is planting clues related to the demise of Mr Herbert. But Mr Neville is clearly drawing what he sees, and we have no evidence that he's responsible for the presence of any of the misplaced objects. An odd feature of the landscape is a moving statue (Michael Feast), which turns up twined with vines against a wall, on the roof while Mrs Herbert and her guests are eating an outdoor meal in the foreground, and on a pedestal from which it first removes an obelisk. Having completed his contract and gone away, Mr Neville comes back for a visit. Mrs Herbert offers him one more tryst in exchange for one more drawing, and he agrees. He completes a view of an equestrian statue in the garden, though he draws the horse without its rider. It's not apparent whether this is because he can't see the rider -- the moving statue may not be visible to everyone -- or because Mr Neville is alluding to the death of Mr Herbert. Although his drawing is done, Mr Neville continues to sit by the statue. As it grows dark, he's surrounded by a group of masked gentlemen, most of whom are recognizable as members of the Herbert household or their friends. The gentlemen taunt Neville, put his eyes out with a torch, kill him, and throw his body in the moat. If their motivation is related to Mr Herbert's murder, they don't mention it. They burn all the drawings.
tt0087015
Horror,Sci-Fi
The film opens with a woman walking her dog down a empty, darkened city street. As she passes by a manhole, she is attacked by a creature, and the dog is pulled in after her. George Cooper (John Heard) lives with his girlfriend Lauren (Kim Greist). George, a once-prominent fashion photographer, has since forgone the fame and fortune. His current project is photographing New York City's homeless population, specifically those known as "undergrounders", or people who reside within the bowels of the city. Lauren is a current fashion model who met George during one of his photo jobs. A police captain named Bosch (Christopher Curry) is introduced. Bosch has a personal interest in the recent flood of missing persons (most of whom are homeless) being reported to his precinct. Bosch interviews A.J. "The Reverend" Shepherd (Daniel Stern), who runs the local homeless shelter and soup kitchen. Shepherd believes recent events to be a part of a massive government cover-up and has the evidence to prove it which include an NRC radiation detector and a boot which is part of an anti-contamination crewperson. Bosch's superiors know more than they are letting on and seem to be taking their cues from an overly glib, weasely type named Wilson (George Martin), who works for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. It turns out there are monsters lurking beneath the streets; beings that were once human, but radioactive, chemical toxic waste has mutated them into hideous, flesh-eating creatures that prey on the homeless who live in the underground. Given the recent drop in the underground transient population, the creatures have resorted to coming to the surface through sewer manholes at night in order to feed. When Wilson sends a EPA crew to clean up part of the sewer, Bosch has a group of policemen armed with flamethrowers escort them. Watching through a video camera one of the EPA men has, they encounter an unknown number of the creatures and the video is suddenly cut off. Next, Bosch, Wilson and their associates view a dead creature that was found and Wilson admits that a top-secret goverment file that he has, titled 'C.H.U.D.' that the creatures stand for Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dweller, the former homeless people infected by nuclear radiation. Captain Bosch argues with Wilson over how to best deal with the threat: Wilson wants to seal the sewers, open up some methane gas lines, and asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s, despite the inherent danger to the city that the poison gas could drive the creatures to the surface. Through a series of events, both George and A.J. Shepherd find themselves trapped in the sewers. George goes down with a local reporter (who gets eaten). Because of the secret that Wilson and his unseen superiors guard, it leads to the extent of having a mysterious and threatening lackey disrupt A.J. from making phone calls to the press. This thug then locks A.J. in an underground access tunnel. George and A.J. later find each other and attempt to escape from the sewers while evading the creatures. Meanwhile, Lauren is alone in her apartment waiting for George to return when she deals with a clogged shower drain which splurts up blood. Next, a creature comes up through the sewer access point that Lauren unfortunately decided to open in the basement of her apartment building. The so-called CHUD creature kills two policemen who investigate noises in the building. The creature breaks into Lauren's apartment, only to be dispatched when she decapitates it with a sword. Next, a group of the creatures (more then four are never shown on screen) attack a local diner and apparently kill everyone there. Because of the media coverage of the massacre, Wilson decides to take charge the start the flooding of the sewers with gas. When Lauren sees this announcement on her TV set, she sets out to find George, having previously told him that she is pregnant. She takes the murdered policemens car and races off to find help. Through the dangerous investigative efforts of both A.J. and George, the absolute horror is revealed. They find crates of nuclear and radioactive waste in an area which is the CHUD's dwelling place. Seeing the boxes marked 'C.H.U.D.' they realizes that CHUD actually stands for 'Contamination Hazard Urban Disposal.' The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is directly involved in the slaughter that has been going on. Although the political bureaucracy has forbidden the NRC to transport the toxic wastes through New York because of the large-scale danger to the public, it has secretly been hiding the waste by-products beneath Manhattan in abandoned subway tunnels. Unfortunately, the underground homeless population has been coming into contact with these by-products, turning them into the mutated creatures. George and A.J. find the remains of the dead EPA and police crew and use the video camera to call for help and they inform Bosch about what they found. With Wilson already starting the gas flow to kill the creatures, Bosch attempts to save the two men, only for Wilson to stop him. Bosch reveals that he knows all about the goverment cover-up and of the real abreviation for CHUD. Wilson pulls out a gun, intending to kill Bosch to protect his secret, but Bosch overpowers him and takes the keys to a delivery truck blocking a manhole cover to let George and A.J. out. But just when Bosch drives the truck off the manhole cover, Wilson appears and shoots him. Wilson then comandeers the truck to run over and kill George and A.J. However, Lauren also comes upon the scene and attempts to help them escape. A.J. takes Bosch's gun and shoots at Wilson as he drives the truck, fataly wounding him. The truck hits the open manhole and it explodes due to the methane gas pouring out of the sewer. George and Lauren embrace, happy to be reunited, while A.J. is releaved that Bosch, despite being shot through the chest, is still alive as he stands near the remains of the burning truck.
tt0080097
Comedy,Western
Original synopsis: This movie is basically a live action roadrunner and coyote. Very funny. Full Synopsis: The fun begins as outlaw Cactus Jack Slade attempts to rob the bank using a "bank robber's guide". The attempted bank robbery is an hilarious scene in itself, as Cactus Jack encounters the drunken bank teller after hours, and ends up blowing up the bank while trying to open the safe. When Parody Jones sends his daughter, Charming (who obviously LOVES good-looking men), to bring her inheritance back from the bank, banker Avery Simpson decides that he wants the cash and, despite the fact that Cactus Jack destroyed his bank, hires the bumbling outlaw to bring the money back. Not trusting anyone, Parody Jones recruits Handsome Stranger (who owes him a favor) to escort his daughter back with the money. The naïve Handsome Stranger fulfills his obligation by meeting Charming as she gets off of the train, to remain with her until they return to her homestead. The always hilarious Mel Tillis provides more fun as the telegraph operator helping Handsome Stranger with the message from Parody Jones. Once Charming Jones and Handsome Stranger start toward the Jones' homestead with the money, more fun ensues as Cactus Jack (who you would swear was just like the coyote in the Road Runner cartoons) attempts to stop them to get the cash. Along the way, they also encounter Chief Nervous Elk. Cactus Jack's horse, Whiskey, is every bit as much a character as Cactus Jack himself. You'll never see a horse with more personality in any film! For those who truly enjoy western spoofs with a touch of Looney Tunes, you'll definitely enjoy this delightful film! Be sure to watch for a slight plot twist at the end!!!
tt0073018
Action,Crime,Drama
Picking up two or three years where the original left off, narcotics officer Jimmy "Popeye" Doyle (Gene Hackman) is still searching for the elusive Frenchman drug kingpin Alain Charnier (Fernando Rey). Orders from the captain send Doyle to Marseille, France, to track down the criminal mastermind and bust his drug ring. Once in France, Doyle is met by Inspector Henri Barthélémy (Bernard Fresson), who resents his rude and crude crimefighting demeanor. Doyle then begins to find himself as a fish out of water in France, where he is matched with a language he can't understand. Determined to find Charnier on his own, Popeye escapes his French escorts and ends up being kidnapped by Charnier's henchmen. For several days, Doyle is injected with heroin in effort to force him into capitulation; after he cracks and provides Charnier what he knows, he's dumped alive but addicted in front of police headquarters. In effort to save both his life and his reputation, Barthélémy immediately quarantines the abused and humiliated Doyle on a long and agonizing cold turkey withdrawal from the heroin. Supervising his cure, and at his side with both emotional support and taunts questioning his toughness, Barthélemy provokes Doyle to maintain through the cycle of physical withdrawal. When at length well enough to be on his feet, Doyle recalls the hideout/drug warehouse he was brought to. Doyle is joined by Barthelemy and other inspectors for a climatic raid on Charnier and his henchmen at their hideout. After a long gun battle, the raid is successful, but Charnier escapes yet again. Doyle, in an epic foot chase of Charnier sailing out of Marseille Harbor on his yacht, takes his gun out; calls his name, and finally shoots Charnier dead as his yacht sails away.
tt0095583
Action,Crime,Horror
In the opening credits scene reminiscent of 'Maniac', a man is shown putting on a policeman's uniform with a badge, gun belt, and cap. That same night, a young woman, named Cassie Phillips (Jill Gatsby), leaves a local bar at night where she is attacked by two punks on the street who try to rob her. She runs and hides, then calls out to a police officer she sees in a nearby park square and runs up to him. She gasps when she sees his face and as the two punks watch from a distance, the policeman picks her up with his white-gloved hands and kills her by breaking her neck. The next day, the two punks are arrested where they tell the police that a cop was responsible. Detectives Frank McCrae (Tom Atkins) and Lovejoy (Lou Bonacki) see the woman's body at the morgue and Frank believes the punks claim of a murderous policeman. The following night, a man and a woman are driving through Manhattan late when they stop at a red traffic light. A cop approaches the car on foot and taps on the driver's side window with a billy club. The unseen cop takes the man to the front of the car for a sobriety test and the woman watches as the unseen cop takes a large blade out of the billy club and swipes twice and throws the dead man on the windshield of the car, splattering blood all over the windshield. The woman screams, gets in the driver's seat and speeds away, turing on the wiper blades to wash the blood off the windshield. The next morning, Frank goes to see the police Commissioner Pike (Richard Roundtree) at his office and suggests giving policemen mental tests due to this latest killing. Pike refuses and tells Frank to keep quiet about the killings and makes a veiled threat by bringing up that Frank tried to shoot himself in an attempted suicide several years ago after his partner was killed in the line of duty. That same evening, a man (Luke Walter) walking alone on a street has an encounter with the unseen killer cop who throws him against a car and handcuffs him. The man runs when the unseen cop pulls out his blade from his billy club. The cop catches up and shoves the man forward who trips and falls into the sidewalk pavement that is wet cement. The unseen cop puts his blade away and instead suffocates the man by shoving his face into the cement. The next day, work crews are forced to jackhammer the victim out of the dried cement. After a morning news story of a so-called "maniac cop" responsible for the three recent murders runs, people all over New York are in a panic. In a warehouse section of Queens, a woman has car trouble when a policeman pulls up behind her and gets out. When the policeman knocks on her window, the fearful woman pulls out a gun and shoots and kills the policeman... who is not the maniac cop. Meanwhile, Jack Forrest (Bruce Campbell) is putting on his NYPD uniform and he and his wife Ellen (Victora Catlin) argue about his job that he spends more time on the street then home. She says that she's afraid that he might hurt her in his sleep. After Jack leaves, Ellen gets a phone call from an unseen woman who has called her before and tells Ellen that Jack is the maniac cop and that he will kill again. Ellen gets a gun and follows Jack to a local motel somewhere in Manhattan. After talking to the manager (director William Lustig) who tells her that Jack has been there before, she goes to the room where Jack is and catches him in bed with another woman. Ellen points the gun at Jack and the woman without letting Jack explain. Angry over his infidelity, but relived that he is not the maniac cop, Ellen leaves. As she goes to her car, she is grabbed by the real maniac cop and pulled into a van which drives away. The next morning, a maid at the motel finds Ellen dead in the same room that Jack has rented hours earlier. The hot-headed Captain Ripley (William Smith), Jack's superior, arrives at Jack's house to inform him about his wife's murder and when Jack admits to being at the motel the previous night, Ripley arrests him for the murder. In an interrogation room, Ripley and Frank show Jack a collection of "Maniac Cop" news articles (belonging to Ellen), and read a page from Ellen's diary saying that she thinks Jack is the killer. Jack continues to deny that he is the Maniac Cop but refuses to answer any more questions. Jack's lawyer arrives minutes later where Jack tells him that he has a witness who was with him around the time Ellen was murdered, but he would like to keep her out of it. Frank tells Captain Ripley that he believes that Jack is not the Maniac Cop, but he also believes that Jack is protecting someone. But the slime-ball Ripley refuses to accept this and tells Frank that he plots to charge Jack with all of the killings. Frank goes to visit Jack in his cell where he finally admits that he was with Theresa Mallory. Meanwhile, Theresa Mallory (Laurene Landon) is revealed to be a vice cop and is seen posing as a prostitute when she is attacked by the Maniac Cop. Frank arrives and they both open fire on the Maniac Cop who flees. They go to a local bar for drinks to talk about Jack's situation and Theresa says that the only person she told about her and Jack was Sally Noland (Sheree North), a middle-aged crippled policewoman who works in the clerical room at the precinct. Frank goes to see Sally (who walks with a cane and a leg brace) where he tells her about Theresa being attacked. Later, Frank follows Theresa in his car to a local pier on the Hudson River where she watches her talk to the stout, but still unseen Maniac Cop. Sally tells the killer cop about Jack's arrest and that if he relaxes with the killing spree, Jack will be blamed for all the killings and once they let their guard down, he can go after the commissioner, the mayor and everyone else responsible for his false incarceration. Sally calls the Maniac Cop "Matt" and tells him to save his murderous rampage for the people who only did wrong to him. She spots Frank spying on them and opens fire, forcing Frank to run to his car and drive away. Frank goes to see Clancy (James Dixon) in the records department and reads old newspaper articles about a policeman named Matt Cordell (Robert Z'Dar), who was thrown into Sing Sing prison for "violation of people's rights". Clancy tells Frank that Matt Cordell has been dead for over 10 years and that his girlfriend, who was Sally Noland, attempted to commit suicide by jumping out of a window after his imprisonment, but was only crippled with a fractured left leg. Clancy tells Frank that Cordell was a well known and respected cop, but had little regard for the rules of the force. Cordell claimed during his trial that his own superiors plotted to frame him and send him to prison after seeing that he was a trouble maker on the force, but his conviction put the complaint at moot. Meanwhile, the Maniac Cop, Cordell relaxes at his warehouse hideout where he thinks back to being sentenced to several years in prison by a judge and arrives in Sing Sing where he is recognized by all of the inmates that he arrested and put there. In the showers, Cordell is attacked by three knife-wielding inmates. Cordell puts up a fight and beats up the three men until one of them stabs him in the back. He falls and the rest of the men stab and slash him in the face over and over again. Frank and Theresa go to see Jack in jail where they tell him about their suspicions that Matt Cordell, who may have died in prison as was detailed in the news 10 years ago, may be committing the murders. Theresa and Jack are left alone to kiss, while Frank goes to the clerical room where he is beaten by Sally with her cane and says "He knows I'm no good to him anymore!" She leaves and suddenly sees a dead cop and screams: "He's here!" The still unseen Cordell appears and grabs Sally and Frank attempts to lead her away. Cordell slams Sally against a wall with clearly superhuman strength. Frank pulls out his gun, but is thrown across the room by the Maniac Cop. During this, Theresa sees a dead cops outside of the cell blocks and knows the Maniac Cop is there at the station. She lets Jack out of his cell where he takes a gun off a dead policeman and tells Theresa to wait in Frank's car. When Theresa goes outside, Frank is thrown by Cordell through a window and lands on a parked taxi next to Theresa. Back in the station, Detective Lovejoy arrives and points a gun at Jack, thinking that he is killing everyone. He goes for a phone and reacts to touching Sally's dead fingers. Jack punches him out, gets his gun and runs outside where he meet Theresa and they drive away. The next morning, Jack and Theresa go to visit Dr. Gruber at Sing Sing's infirmary (Jack tells him that he is Frank McCrae and that he has an appointment). After preliminary questions, Gruber finally admits that, on the day that Cordell was attacked in the showers, the doctor discovered that he was still alive, and revived the near-death officer. Despite being stabbed multiple times, Cordell was technically brain dead, yet he continued to live. Sympathetic to Cordell's plight and aware that Cordell was framed by his own superiors, Gruber declared Cordell legally dead and did not see any harm in making people think he was still alive (which he was technically not). That same day, the St. Patrick's Day parade is being held. While Jack waits outside in Frank's car, Theresa goes to police headquarters to warn Commissioner Pike that Cordell will be coming after him. Theresa makes her way to the commissioner's office where she tells him who she thinks the real Maniac Cop is, but Pike and Ripley believe that Theresa aided in Jack's escape and refuse to believe her. (It is implied that both Commissioner Pike and Captain Ripley were part of the conspiracy to frame Cordell for trumped-up criminal charges to get rid of him). A policeman arrives to arrest Theresa while Pike and Ripley leave and they are both murdered by Cordell in an elevator. The cop handcuffs Theresa to him and as they are walking down a hallway, Cordell appears and stabs him in the stomach with his billy-club blade. Theresa gets to a room where she managed to uncuff herself and climbs out onto a ledge as Jack watches. Just then, a group of policemen, whom still think that Jack is responsible for all the killings, see him and throw him into a police van. The still-unseen Matt Cordell pulls the driver out of the police van and drives away with Jack. Theresa gets in cop car with another officer and they follow them to Pier 14, which is Cordell's hideout. Cordell stops the vehicle in his warehouse hideout and he starts to axe the door open. When Jack attempts to break out, Cordell (who's horribly scarred and decomposing disfigured face is finally seen) picks Jack up and throws him on Theresa who arrives and approaches with a shotgun. Cordell picks up the shotgun and blows away the other cop as he runs in. Jack knocks the gun away from the maniac cop, and he is punched by the super strong undead Cordell. When police sirens are heard, Cordell gets back into the police van and attempts to drive away. Jack jumps on and attempts to stop him from escaping. While driving erratically on the pier, the van runs into a suspended tube that crashes through the windshield and pierces Cordell's chest. The truck, Cordell and Jack fly off the end of the dock and crash into the water. A little later, while Jack and Theresa watch, the paddy wagon is pulled from the water by a police salvage team, but Cordell is not inside. Unseen down in the water a short distance away, Cordell's hand comes out...
tt2802136
Comedy,Crime,Thriller
Don Champagne seems to have it all: a successful business, a perfect house, perfect kids and a perfect wife. Unfortunately, when his wife, Mona (Katherine Heigl), learns of Don's affair with a pretty new salesgirl (Jordana Brewster), this suburban slice of heaven spirals out of control. Don soon realizes that Mona will stop at nothing, including murder, to maintain their storybook life where "perception is everything". Don Champagne (Patrick Wilson) runs a successful furniture business. His pedant wife Mona (Katherine Heigl) has everything planned according to the book of her goals. One day an attractive young woman named Dusty (Jordana Brewster) applies for the job as saleswoman at Dons store. After consulting with his partner Les (Jim Belushi), Don hires Dusty. Don is desperate because of his poor sex life with his wife. Shortly, Dusty seduces him and they start having an affair. Later, Dusty shows up at the birthday party of Don and Monas son Andrew (Aiden Flowers). She tells Don that she is pregnant and wants to keep the baby. Don is desperate and Les advises him to pay Dusty money. Meanwhile, it is revealed, that Dusty is actually the girlfriend of a criminal named Murphy (A.J. Buckley) and she is lying to Don about the pregnancy. Don offers Dusty $13,000, which she refuses, telling Don that it will not be enough. Don is not sure whether Dusty will keep her mouth shut, and Les advises him to tell Mona the truth before she finds it out from Dusty. Don confesses to Mona and she demands that Don kills Dusty. Murphy is not satisfied with the amount of money, so Dusty calls Don and demands $25,000. Don agrees, but instead prepares poison for Dusty together with Mona. Dusty shows up to take the money and drinks the poisoned drink. Don and Mona put an unconscious Dusty in the car and take her home. Dusty wakes up, so Mona has to kill her with the hammer. Later she saws Dusty's body into pieces and buries it in the garden. Murphy and his friends, Freeman (Kevin McKidd) and Benji (Heath Freeman), discover Dusty is missing, and suspect that something went wrong and attack Les. Murphy also threatens Don by leaving his son a letter, in which he demands meeting at a strip club. Don meets Murphy and his gang and convinces them that Dusty went to Dallas. Murphy tells Don that she had his money and threatens to rape his family if he does not pay him $20,000 the next day. Don and Mona dig out the body of Dusty and go to the place where the gang lives. While Mona is trying to hide body parts in the freezer, Freeman comes home with his girlfriend. Mona mortally wounds Freeman, stabs and kills his girlfriend, and shortly calls the police to report a disturbance at the house. Before dying, Freeman calls Murphy and tells him what happened. Murphy and Benji arrive and find Freeman and his girlfriend dead. Murphy also discovers parts of Dusty in the freezer and realizes he has been set up. Soon the police arrive and find Murphy and Benji at the crime scene. The police shoot Benji, while Murphy escapes. The police decide that Murphy and Benji were responsible for the murders. While alone Don asks Mona about the reason of her for being cold-blooded. Mona threatens to kill him if he asks her same question again. Don is scared and kills Mona during one of the next parties at their house. Don makes everything look like an accident. After the death of Mona, Don and his children move to a new house and are seen in the driveway getting into a new car and driving away. The movie ends with Murphy going after their car. The screen turns black and the credits start. Two shots are heard followed by a honk and children's screams.
tt0105130
Comedy,Drama,Romance
New Years Eve, 1981 In England, we are introduced to Peter Morton (Stephen Fry), Andrew Benson (Kenneth Branagh), Roger (Hugh Laurie), Mary (Imelda Staunton), Maggie (Emma Thompson), and Sarah (Alphonsia Emmanuel), members of a Cambridge University acting troupe, who perform a silly and unconventional farewell revue for Peter's father (Richard Briers) and his unresponsive conservative guests at a New Year's Eve dinner ushering in the new year of 1982. They gather in the kitchen afterward and take a photograph to commemorate their last performance together. Ten years later; December 30, 1991. Peter has inherited his father's estate after Lord Morton's passing some months earlier. Uncertain if he will keep the mansion or sell it, Peter has invited his five friends for a New Year's Eve party for the weekend and convinces his stern housekeeper, Vera (Phyllida Law), to stay until the new year. Andrew, now a television writer/producer in Hollywood, California, flies to England with his American wife, Carol Benson (Rita Rudner), a famous actress and the star of his television comedy program. Roger and Mary are married TV commercial writers/producers living in Birmingham, and she is worried about leaving their infant son, Ben, with a nanny. Frumpy Maggie, a struggling writer/publisher living in Manchester, leaves pictures of herself for her pet cat, who appears unconcerned over her departure. On a train to Peter's estate, Sarah, now a costume designer living in London, has sex with her new lover, Brian (Tony Slattery), a stage actor that she works with in their cabin. The train arrives at the station where Sarah and Brian disembark and meet with Maggie, who has just arrived minutes earlier on a different train. Maggie, Sarah and Brian are soon greeted by Vera's son, Paul (Alex Lowe), a chauffeur, who drives them to the estate, arriving just as Andrew and Carol arrive in a rented limo. Soon after, Roger and Mary arrive in their own car. Right after they arrive, Mary calls their nanny to check in. As everyone settles into their rooms, Sarah and Brian have sex once again, while Roger and Mary quarrel over whether she calls home too often. Meanwhile, Carol investigates Vera's cooking. Dismayed by the high-calorie rich food, Carol attempts to bribe Vera to accommodate her diet, to no avail. While Maggie and Andrew stroll the grounds, she reveals her lack of a love life. However, her company published a self-help book titled 'You May Already Know Your Mate', which claims friends can be marriage material. Although Maggie questions whether Peter is homosexual, she thinks he is the right man for her and plans to help him realize they should be together. At dinner, Carol and Sarah's boyfriend, Brian, both outsiders, are introduced to everyone, and Carol discovers that Brian is the only person who has seen her television show. As Peter toasts his friends, Brian and Sarah rudely ignore the others to focus on each other. She apologizes, claiming that she and Brian have not been together for very long and they get carried away with sex. As Mary excuses herself to call home yet again, Brian questions Roger about his work and learns that he and Mary are the top commercial jingle writers in England. When Mary returns, Brian asks if they use their twin children in their TV commercials. Mary rushes off crying and Brian learns that one of Roger and Mary's twins recently died. Later, as the friends drink coffee, Mary answers the telephone and announces that Brian's wife is calling. While he takes the call, Sarah reveals that he is married and has a child, but plans to divorce his wife. Although Sarah insists that Brian is different than her previous lovers, Mary is certain she is repeating her old pattern, and reminds everyone that Sarah was in love with Andrew until he dumped his girlfriend and asked Sarah to marry him, at which point she lost interest. This is news to Carol, who excuses herself. Brian returns and announces that he has just left his wife by telling her everything. Feeling vindicated, Sarah hugs him. Andrew joins his wife upstairs and Carol notes they planned to work out the difficulties in their marriage this weekend, and wonders why he never mentioned his past dalliance with Sarah. When he rejoins his friends downstairs, the group sings together again. Brian, left out of the singing, just watches. Minutes later, Mary receives a telephone call from the babysitter relating that her son has a slight cold, but the doctor says he is fine. Mary wants to leave, but Maggie convinces her to stay for the night and check on her son in the morning. Upstairs, Roger admits to Mary that although he still loves her, he has thought of ending their marriage because she blames him for their twin #1 son's death. Mary sobs that she knows she has been unreasonable, and Roger hugs her, promising to stay wit her. Meanwhile, Sarah is upset that Brian did not consult her before leaving his wife, noting they have only known each other for two weeks, and claims to be too tired to have sex with him. Later that night, Maggie goes to Peter's room, disrobes, and asks him to impregnate her. Peter is shocked and immediately turns her down. It is here that Peter reveals that he is bisexual, although he does not sleep with either men or women anymore. However, he insists that if he were having sex, Maggie would be high on his wish list. Embarrassed, Maggie begs him not to tell anyone. Downstairs in the kitchen, Maggie gets a drink and discovers Carol binge-eating leftover food. Maggie shares the story of her embarrassing visit to Peter's room, but believes there might still be hope since Peter is not sleeping with anyone. Carol insists Maggie is attractive beneath her frumpiness and offers to do a makeover, which Maggie accepts. The next morning, Carol leads Maggie by her hand into the kitchen, where Peter and Andrew admire her new look. Hearing sounds of lovemaking overhead, they assume it is Sarah and Brian. However, when Sarah enters the kitchen, everyone smiles as they realize the lovers are Roger and Mary. A little later, Carol receives a long-distance phone call from her agent in Hollywood and announces to Andrew and everyone else that she has been offered a film role which starts shooting right away on the day after New Years Day. Afterwards, Andrew asks if she will stay to work on their marriage, but she does not believe he will try. Outside, Sarah flirts with Vera's son, Paul, as he chops wood, but his attention is diverted when the newly made-over Maggie joins them. When Brian wanders outside, Sarah ignores him and rushes inside for a drink. She discovers that Andrew, a member of Alcoholics Anonymous, has abandoned his sobriety and is drinking whiskey. Andrew confides in Sarah that he thought his marriage to Carol would improve when they both stopped drinking, but everything became more complicated. He tells Sarah that she is addicted to romance, not reality, and that is why she abandons her lovers when they become available. A minute later, Sarah flirts with Andrew and as she kisses him, Carol walks into the room, sees them and becomes angry. She tells Andrew that she was going to refuse the film role, but now plans to leave again. Sarah heads upstairs, and sees Brian crying on the telephone as he talks to his son. When Brian joins her, Sarah admits the commitment issue is her problem and he should go back to his family. As she leaves, Sarah hears moans coming from Maggie's bedroom, and opens the door to discover Maggie having sex with Paul. Meanwhile, Roger and Mary continue to make love, and when the telephone rings, he wonders who is calling and Mary insists someone will let them know if it is for them. Downstairs, Peter helps Vera in the kitchen and learns she plans to retire. He wants her to stay if he keeps the house, but she declines because she disapproves of his lifestyle. Carol declares that Peter's unhappiness with himself is their primary marital problem, and she leaves to return to Hollywood alone as the rented limo picks her up and drives away. Shortly afterword, Brian's wife picks him up in her car and they speed away. At dinner, Roger and Mary admit they made love all day and only telephoned home twice. Andrew drunkenly joins the group where he profanely berates his friends, and turns his vitriol toward Peter, wondering if he invited them because everyone was having a difficult year and Peter wanted to "save" them. Here, Peter reveals he invited them because he wanted his closest friends to know that he was diagnosed as being HIV positive six months ago. Peter's sour revelation stuns everyone into heartbreaking silence as the midnight hour is upon them. As the clock strikes 12 midnight, Peter raises his glass and asks them to toast the new year of 1992. His friends hesitate until Vera enters and toasts Peter. The others join the toast, and Andrew apologizes to everyone. Peter reveals he does not have AIDS yet, and it is possible that a cure might be discovered in time to save him. Peter joins Vera in the kitchen and she asks why he did not tell her that he is HIV positive. Peter explains that he thought she, a highly religious person, would consider it a deserved punishment for his bisexual lifestyle, but Vera insists she has loved him since he was a child. In the final scene, Peter rejoins the others and brings out their funny group picture from 1982 (taken in the opening scene). The friends laugh as they sing together once again as the film ends.
tt0071249
Action,Crime,Drama
A pregnant woman is shown caressing her stomach as she lies near a pond of swans. Two men inform tell her that her father, a powerful Mexican landowner known only as "El Jefe," expects to see her. El Jefe asks his daughter to her who the father of her child is. It isn't until his bodyguards break her arm, that she finally answers, "Alfredo García." El Jefe then offers $1 million to whoever brings him the head of Alfredo García. The search for García progresses as different people go across several Mexican places asking for anyone who has seen him. In Mexico City, a pair of business suit-clad, dispassionate hit men, Sappensly and Quill, enter a saloon and encounter Bennie, a retired U.S. Army officer who makes a meager living as a piano player and bar manager. The men ask about García, believing they will have more luck getting answers out of a fellow American. Bennie plays dumb, saying the name is familiar but he doesn't know who García is. It turns out that everyone in the bar knows who García is they simply don't know where he is. Bennie goes to meet his girlfriend, Elita, who is a prostitute, at a big hotel. Elita admits to having been with García, who had professed his love for her, something Bennie refuses to do. Elita informs him that García died in a drunk-driving accident the previous week. Excited by the possibility of making money by simply digging up the body, Bennie goes to Sappensly and Quill in the hotel room of the man who hired them, El Jefe's business associate Max, and makes a deal for $10,000 for Garcia's head, plus a $200 advance for expenses. Bennie convinces Elita to go on a road trip with him to visit García's grave, claiming that he only wants proof that Garcia is in fact dead and no longer a threat to their relationship. En route, Bennie proposes, promising that their future will soon change, and she can retire from her cleaning job. Elita warns Bennie against trying to upset their status quo. While having a picnic, Bennie and Elita are accosted by two bikers, who pull guns and decide to rape Elita. Bennie seems unsure how to react. Elita agrees to have sex with the bikers if they spare Bennie's life, then goes off with one of them. He rips off her shirt, lets her slap him twice, slaps her back, then walks away. Bennie knocks the second biker unconscious, takes his gun and finds Elita about to make love with the first biker. Bennie shoots him dead and kills the second biker as well. Bennie confesses to Elita his plan to decapitate García's corpse and sell the head for money. A disgusted Elita, still shaken from what has just happened, begs Bennie to give up this quest and return to Mexico City, where they can be married and live a modest life of relative peace. Bennie again refuses, although he agrees to marry Elita in the church of the town where García is buried. They find Garcia's grave, but when he opens the coffin, Bennie is struck from behind with his shovel by an unseen assailant. He wakes up to find himself half-buried in the grave with Elita, who is dead. García's corpse is then revealed to have been decapitated. Bennie learns from villagers that his assailants are driving a station wagon. He catches up with the men after they blow out a tire. Bennie shoots them, searches their car, and claims García's head. Stopping at a roadside restaurant, he packs the sack containing the head with ice to preserve it for the journey home. Bennie begins addressing the head as if García were still alive, first blaming Alfredo for Elita's death and then conceding that both of them probably loved her equally. Bennie is ambushed by members of García's family. They re-claim the head and are about to kill Bennie when they are interrupted by the arrival of Sappensly and Quill. The hit men pretend to ask for directions. Quill produces a sub-machine gun and murders most of the family, but is fatally shot by one of them. As Sappensly sorrowfully looks at Quill's corpse, Bennie asks: "Do I get paid?" Sappensly turns to shoot, but Bennie kills him. Bennie returns to Mexico City, "arguing" with García's head all the while. At his apartment, Bennie gives García's head a shower and then brings it to Max's hotel room. Feigning willingness to surrender the head for his $10,000, Bennie reveals he is no longer motivated by money; he says Alfredo was a friend of his and demands to know why Max and the others want his head so badly. He also blames Elita's death on the bounty and intends to kill everyone involved. Several men pull guns, but Bennie manages to evade fire and kill them all. He takes a business card from the desk with El Jefe's address on it. After finishing the baptism for his new grandchild, El Jefe greets Bennie as a hero and gives him a briefcase containing the promised million-dollar bounty. Bennie calmly relates how many people died for García's head, including his beloved. El Jefe responds apathetically, telling Bennie to take his money and throw the head to the pigs on the way out. Infuriated that the object responsible for Elita's death is viewed as nothing more than garbage, Bennie guns down all of El Jefe's bodyguards. El Jefe's daughter enters with her newborn son, causing Bennie to hesitate shooting El Jefe. She tersely urges Bennie to kill her father. Bennie obliges, taking along Garcia's head. Bennie drives away, only to be killed by El Jefe's men, their machine guns tearing him to pieces.
tt0076683
Horror
In northern Italy, a group of Roman Catholic clerics led by a shadowy robed figure (Jose Ferrer) meet and Monsignor Franchino (Arthur Kennedy) portends danger. Meanwhile, in New York City, elite fashion model Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) seeks her own apartment, but her boyfriend, lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon), wants to get married. In Baltimore, Maryland, Alison's father dies suddenly and she returns home, where she recalls being so traumatized from walking in on her father participating in an orgy that she attempted suicide. She collects a cross that her father tore from her neck during the incident. Alison's mother tells her she stayed with Mr. Parker because she had nowhere else to go. Back in New York City, Alison meets with real estate agent Miss Logan (Ava Gardner) who shows her a "perfect" apartment to rent. Alison rents a furnished apartment in Brooklyn Heights. On the top floor of the building lives a blind, senile priest named Father Halliran (John Carradine), who stares blankly out of his window. After fainting during a photo shoot, Alison is visited by an eccentric neighbor, Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith), who drops by with his pet cat and bird and tells Alison about the other tenants in the building. When he leaves, she notices a photograph of Charles in her apartment. That night, at a party in the apartment, Michael again presses Alison for marriage. In the morning, Alison meets two more neighbors, the wisecracking Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and the mute Sandra (Beverly D'Angelo), who are lovers. At a commercial shoot, Alison again collapses, frustrating Jack (Jeff Goldblum) the photographer. Charles throws a birthday party for his cat and Alison meets more of her strange neighbors. Later, she has a disturbing dream and is awakened by noise from the supposedly empty apartment above her. Alison meets with Miss Logan and learns that aside from the priest, the apartment building has been empty for years and the building is owned by the Holy Diocese of New York. Meanwhile, Father Halliran is visited by Monsignor Franchino. (In some versions, Franchino meets with a group of priests who are a secret order to protecting the world from evil to give them an update them on the events unfolding.) Elsewhere, Michael Lerman asks private investigator James Brenner (Hank Garrett) to check out Alison's building. Alone the next night, Alison hears more noises and investigates. She sees Chazen's cat eating the pet bird and is pursued by an apparition of her father, whom she stabs repeatedly. Alison flees into the street, where she is found, covered in blood, by residents of nearby buildings. The next day, two police detectives, the veteran Gatz (Eli Wallach) and his rookie partner Rizzo (Christopher Walken), visit Michael and question him about his dead wife Karen's suicide and a second suicide attempt by Alison, implying that he is involved in the previous night's incident. Meanwhile, police find nothing suspicious in Alison's apartment and match the blood type on her nightgown to her own. Michael discovers that Mrs. Clark, one of the supposed guests at Chazen's cat's birthday party, was the name of a convicted murderer, who was executed in 1949. Later, Brenner, the private eye, is found stabbed to death in his car and his blood type matches Alison's. Detective Gatz connects Brenner to Michael and suspects that Michael hired the investigator to kill Karen and is now trying to drive her insane. When the detectives arrive at Michael's apartment to confront him, Alison leaves her boyfriend's home for a walk and stops by a Catholic Church. There, she confesses to Monsignor Franchino that she has committed adultery, twice attempted suicide, and is feeling suicidal again. The monsignor assures her that if she embraces Jesus and returns to the church, the feelings will vanish. When Alison returns to Michael's apartment, he suggests that she may not have imagined the events and they visit her apartment in Brooklyn Heights. There is no evidence that Alison killed anyone there, but she says that some of the things in the room, such as the carpet, are different. In a book, Alison sees the same Latin phrase on every page, but Michael only sees English. When Alison writes the text, Michael takes it to Professor Ruzinsky (Martin Balsam), who reports that it is a passage from Milton's Paradise Lost. Alison returns to the church and meets the rector, who tells her he does not know of the priest she claims to have met there earlier. Meanwhile, Michael visits Monsignor Franchino under the pretense that he has a bequest for Father Halliran. Franchino tells him that Halliran has been retired since 1952, suffers from palsy and is unable to accept visitors. Michael shows Franchino the excerpt from Milton, but the monsignor claims not to recognize it. Franchino refuses Michael's request to make a copy of Father Halliran's file. That night, Michael asks Alison's friend, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), to stay with her while he attends to business. Michael meets a man named Perry (William Hickey), an ex-convict that he represented in the past and bribes him some cash to assist with breaking into the diocese to look at the official files on Halliran. Michael discovers that Father Halliran was originally named Daniel O'Rourke, and, after a suicide attempt, disappeared and re-emerged as Halliran. Michael finds files on several more people who attempted suicide, gained new identities and became priests or nuns and all have lived and died in the very same apartment building in Brooklyn where Alison lives. When one dies, another takes his or her place. A file for Alison states that Halliran will die the very next day and Alison will become a woman named Sister Theresa. Meanwhile, detectives Gatz and Rizzo determine that the eight people Alison claims were at the birthday party for the cat were murderers executed long ago. Michael has Alison attend a party at Jennifer's while he investigates the apartment in Brooklyn Heights. At the party, Alison faints and her friends put her to bed, but at midnight she sneaks away. In Brooklyn Heights, Michael discovers a hidden portal behind a wooden wall of the building which reads: "Through me you go into the city of grief. Through me you go into the world of pain. Through me you walk among people lost. Abandon hope all yee who enter here". Father Halliran appears and tells him that this whole building is the entrance to Hell. Michael pursues the priest upstairs and demands answers as he attempts to strangle him. Alison arrives at the building and is met by Michael, who calmly explains that the Latin they found was a warning from the angel Gabriel to the angel Uriel, stationed at the Gateway to Eden. Since that time, a series of sentinels have stood watch, guarding the world against evil. Currently, it is Father Halliran, but that night, Alison is to become the next sentinel upon his passing. The people Alison met in the building, the murderers, were actually reincarnated devils, who could only stop her from becoming the next sentinel by driving her to suicide. Michael goes on to explain that he is dead, killed by Monsignor Franchino minutes earlier for trying to strangle Halliran. He is damned to eternal hell for his sins, including hiring Brenner to murder his wife, Karen. Michael turns his head, revealing a gaping wound, and his head splits open. Alison flees downstairs where Chazen and the demons confront her. She returns upstairs and sees Gerde and Sandra feasting on Michael's dead body. Just then, all of the demons of hell come forth from behind doors and walls. Among the demons, Alison sees her father and Chazen. Cornered by the deformed and hideous demons in Halliran's apartment, Chazen approaches Alison and urges her to join them by killing herself; he gives her a dagger. Franchino and Halliran appear bearing a cross and drive back the demons. Chazen exhorts the demons to fight, but Alison takes the cross. The devils fade back into the walls and the monsignor leads Father Halliran away. The next morning, Gatz and Rizzo arrive at the apartment building where Father Halliran is carried out of the building in a body bag, with the medical examiner's report that he just died of a heart attack. A search of the building leads to no other people around. The building is later demolished. Some time later, Miss Logan, the real estate agent who is still working for the shadowy priesthood in protecting the new apartment building, shows a young couple (Tom Berenger and Nana Tucker) an apartment in the new building. They ask about the neighbors and are told that there are only two: one is a musician and the other is a reclusive blind nun who lives on the top floor. In that apartment, the blind Alison, now known as Sister Theresa, sits silently, wearing a white habit and staring blankly out the window, holding the cross... now the new sentinel and protector of the entrance to Hell.
tt0086005
Adventure,Drama
A young, naive Canadian biologist named Tyler (Charles Martin Smith) (portraying the real-life biologist Farley Mowat) is assigned by the government to travel to the isolated Canadian arctic wilderness and study why the local caribou population is declining, believed due to indiscriminate wolf-pack attacks. Tyler receives a baptism of fire into bush life with a trip by bush plane piloted by an odd, adventurous bush pilot named Rosie (Brian Dennehy). After landing at the destination, Rosie leaves Tyler and his gear in the middle of a frozen lake in a sub-zero Arctic nowhere. Unsure of where to start, Tyler's indecision quickly imperils him when he runs into a traveling wolf pack until he is rescued by a travelling elderly Inuit native named Ootek (Zachary Ittimangnaq), who builds a shelter for him. Alone, Tyler's days are divided between research and mere personal survival, while nights are fraught with anxiety-born nightmares of wolf attacks upon him. He soon encounters two wolves which he names George and Angeline, who have pups, and discovers they seem as curious of him as he is of them, slowly dispelling their mutual fears. He and the wolves both begin social exchanges, even urine-marking their territories, producing trust and respect between them. As the spring season arrives and the winter snow slowly melts, Tyler (being a person of procedure) soon discovers the simple, blunt arctic is indifferent to his sense of order. First dealing with sub-freezing weather extremes, ranging from cold snow to warmer heavy spring rains, compromise his shelter, his paperwork duties, his research. Complicating matters further are an invasive horde of Arctic mice when they show up after the spring thaw: they are everywhere, frustrating him and the wolves. Yet the wolves seem to cope with the madness by eating the mice, which Tyler emulates in his own bizarre way to see if an animal can survive on mice alone. During the mild summer season, another Inuit named Mike (Samson Jorah) encounters Tyler, who was sent by Ootek for companionship. Living in the nearist cities such as Yellowknife and the larger Edmondton metropolis, the younger Mike knows English and Inuit, translating in talks between Ootek and Tyler. Tyler's descriptions of his new lifestyle receive lengthy responses from Ootek, which Mike coyly translates as "Good idea!" Ootek, the elder, is content and curious, while Mike seems not only more reserved but unhappy with the Inuit way of life, confessing to Tyler his own social apprehensions between the old wondering Inuit way of life and living in the cities, including that of his deteriorating rotting teeth. Tyler soon discovers that Mike is a wolf hunter, killing for pelts. Also, Tyler demonstrates a trick he's learned to Mike and Ootek: by playing certain notes on his bassoon, Tyler can give a fair imitation of a wolf howl, calling other wolves in. Fall nears, and Tyler hears that the caribou are migrating south, which will provide an opportunity for him to study the concept his superiors want to confirm; however, it also provides another bonding occasion between Tyler and the wolves as he helps drive caribou towards the pack, which soon takes a caribou down. Having gained the wolves' trust, Tyler takes a bone and samples the marrow, discovering the dead caribou to be diseased. It confirms the wolves, true to Inuit lore, are not the perceived ruthless, savage killers but rather Nature's instrument for keeping the caribou strong. Another day or two later, Tyler encounters Rosie nearby with two hunter-guests, making plans to commercially exploit the area's resources. Rosie's lot has improved, having moved up to a nicer turboprop bush plane on floats. Rosie insists on flying out Tyler, who defiantly refuses. Rosie then offers to extract Tyler from his research campsite in two days, the time it will take him to hike back to the nearest settlement. Tyler is alarmed at the realization that Rosie has already been to his camp. Tyler returns to the base to find things very still. He ventures into the wolves' territory and goes into their den, only to find the pups cowering in fear. Rosie's aircraft approaches outside. Believing that Rosie killed George and Angeline, Tyler goes out, angrily shouting at Rosie to leave. Rosie continues his approach until Tyler starts firing his shotgun at him. Rosie grimaces, then takes off, leaving Tyler behind. Tyler goes to his camp to find Mike resting, preparing for his final hike home to Yellowknife. Mike's nervous demeanour causes Tyler to suspect the truth: it was Mike, not Rosie, who shot and killed the wolves. Without saying it directly, Mike confirms Tyler's suspicions, revealing he has a new set of dentures (and several other luxuries of the modern world), saying "This thing that's happening is bigger than you. It's a question of how you survive it. Survival of the fittest." Mike leaves, hiking for home. Some time later as the first snow begins to fall, Tyler goes to a high point at the base and plays the wolf call on his bassoon, bringing in other wolves in George and Angeline's pack. The pups are quickly absorbed into the pack, and will live to fight another day. Tyler reflects sadly on his time here, and how he may have helped bring the modern world to this place. The narration implies that Tyler will eventually return to civilization and recover from his experiences here. In the final scene, Ootek returns, and he and Tyler break camp and trek across the fall tundra, enjoying each other's company, along with the words of an Inuit song sung by Tyler: "I think over again my small adventures, my fears. Those small ones that seemed so big. For all the vital things I had to get and to reach. And yet there is only one great thing, the only thing: To live to see the great day that dawns and the light that fills the world."
tt0082498
Horror,Mystery,Thriller
At the Crawford Academy campus located in Massachusetts, Bernadette (Lesleh Donaldson) is leaving night classes to meet her friends. After an encounter with the authoritarian headmistress Mrs. Patterson (Frances Hyland), Bernadette gets into her car when she is attacked by someone in the back seat wearing all black clothing and wearing black leather gloves who chokes her. Bernadette momentarily feigns death and manages to slug at her unseen attacker and manages to run out of the car. A minute later, she sees someone she apparently knows where Bernadette says: "thank God, please help me". Suddenly, the unseen person in black pulls out a straight razor and slashes Bernadette's throat. Sometime later that night, at the village inn, a group of students are at a table drinking when Virginia (Melissa Sue Anderson) arrives and joins the group with them wondering at why she was so late in meeting them. Soon, another person shows up whom is the creepy-looking Norman Bates-esque taxidermist, Alfred (Jack Blum). After Rudi (David Eisner) angers the local townies with a prank involving putting Alfred's pet white mouse in someone's cup of beer, the students run outside chased by the townsfolk. Seeing that the nearby drawbridge is coming up, Steve (Matt Craven) says, "Lets play the game". They all plan to drive their cars over the opening bridge. When Virginia, in a car with Greg (Richard Rebiere) and Amelia (Lisa Langlois), goes over the bridge, she screams "Mother!" Visibly upset, she demands the car be stopped, and she gets out and runs away. Virginia walks to a local cemetery where she visits her mother's grave. Another student, named Etienne (Michel-René Labelle), offers to walk her home, and Virginia declines. At home, Virginia goes to her room to shower and change her clothes. When she returns to the bathroom, she sees that the recently shut window is now open. She screams in fright as Etienne (who Virginia does not see) jumps down and flees into the night. The next day in chemistry class, the teacher is shocking a pair of frog legs with static electricity, and Virginia flashes back to an operating room, where she is laying on a table with her head wrapped up. She later tells her doctor, David Faraday (Glenn Ford), of the eerie recollection. David tells her that after being injured in an accident, Virginia had been an experiment. She was able to remember something she had previously forgotten due to a regeneration of her damaged brain. David says that she will remember more later. At a dirt bike race, Virginia and her friends are cheering on Etienne, who wins the race. Being the hopeless romantic that he is, he shows Virginia that he won because he had a pair of her underwear next to his heart. Virginia is obviously angry, as is Albert, watching from afar. That night, as Etienne is cleaning his motorbike in his garage, someone approaches him from behind and throws his scarf into the running wheel which pulls his face closer. Then the unseen person revs up the bike, letting the wheel do the rest as it mangles Etienne's face. Later at the village inn, everyone is awaiting Etienne and Alfred. Virginia and Ann (Tracy Bregman) go to find Alfred to find out what "evil deeds he has been up to". They go over to his house and climb through a window into his bedroom and they find Bernadette's severed head on a tray. Alfred is suddenly there and he shows the girls that the head is a fake, calling it his "latest masterpiece". The next day, Virginia and Ann are reprimanded by Mrs. Patterson because she does not believe their claims that they do not know the whereabouts of the missing Bernadette and Etienne. After the group of students view the movie 'High Noon' at the recreational hall, the uninvited Rudi arrives and starts a fight with Steve, who accompanied Maggie (Lenore Zann) (with whom Rudy had been with). Rudi threatens Greg after Greg pulls him away from Steve. That same night, Greg is in his basement lifting weights when the unseen person in black clothing (someone he eventually knows) comes into the room and, at Greg's request, adds more weights. When it is too much, the person refuses to spot Greg, and the person drops a weight onto his crotch, allowing the heavy barbell to fall and crush his throat. The next day, Virginia and Rudi go to the campus bell tower together. Rudi mentions that Virginia is new, but she tells him she was at the academy four years ago for a few weeks. Rudi talks about cutting the bell's rope and brings out his knife, disturbing Virginia. Later, Virginia is with David, flashing back to where her head was cut open in the surgical operation after her accident, and the doctors declared her dead. She tells David about Rudi and the knife, and she panicked and cannot remember anything. David hears about the discovery of a bloody knife at the bell tower and the possibility of foul play. He finds Virginia and tries to persuade her to tell him exactly what happened at the bell tower. Before long, Rudi shows up, and the skull found in the campus garden is only a joke. The students are assembled later by Mrs. Patterson over this practical joke, and Virginia is unsettled and goes to the cemetery again to sit at her mother's grave. She is followed by Alfred who continues to spy on her. But when Alfred gets close, Virginia turns around and stabs him to death with a pair of garden sheers. The next morning, Virginia's father, Hal (Lawrence Dane), is leaving town for a business trip, but be promises to be back on Sunday which is Virginia's 18th birthday. At a school party, Virginia invites Steve over to his place now that her father is out of town. At Virginia's house, while dining on shish kabob by the fireplace, Virginia is feeing Steve when she suddenly shoves the metal bar into his mouth and kills him. The next morning, Ann arrives and tells Virginia, "I wanna hear all the gory details about you and Steve last night". Virginia says that she doesn't remember anything after she came home with Steve and does not know where he is. As Virginia is showering, she flashes back to a rainy night with her irate mother Estelle (Sharon Acker). As they are driving on the drawbridge, it opens, and the car they are in falls into the river. Virginia manages to get out of the car, but her mother drowns. In trying to swim to the surface, Virginia suffers a severe head injury when she hits her head against the bottom of a barge passing over the submerged car under the bridge. Virginia awakens to a bathroom flooded with water and she sees that Ann is dead in the overflowing bathtub. Frantic, Virginia calls Dr. David Faraday who arrives over, but when they go into the bathroom, Ann's body is no longer there. He tells Virginia that he will stay the night and he eludes the police who show up at Virginia's house looking for the missing Ann. David tells Virginia that she must remember what happened to her the evening before her car accident. In a flashback, Virginia remembers that her mother wanted Virginia to have a birthday party at the old guest cottage that sits behind Virginia's house, but none of the other students showed up because there was a birthday party at Ann's house. Virginia's mother is angry and she drove with Virginia over to Ann's house and demanded to be let inside. When she is denied access, Virginia's mother yells from the front gate: "I can't be bought off again!" Virginia, distressed, runs out of the room, only to return a minute later with a fireplace poker which she uses to beat David to death. A little later that evening, Virginia's father, Hal, finally comes home and sees blood all over Virginia's bedroom and runs outside looking for his daughter. After finding David's corpse in the bushes, the father heads to the cottage in the back of the house and discovers, all around a table, the dead bodies of all the students, Bernadette, Etienne, Greg, Alfred, Steve, Ann, along with the decomposing corpse of Virginia's mother stolen from the grave. Virginia walks into the room with a birthday cake with fully lighted candles and singing "happy birthday to me". Virginia blows out the candles and puts a birthday hat on her father as he sits down at the table and sobs. Virginia takes out a large cake knife and offers to cut a slice of cake for him. When Hal does not respond, Virginia suddenly slashes his throat. Virginia next walks over to Ann, lying face down at the table, and lifts up her head. It is actually Virginia at the table wearing Ann's clothes. She awakens, looks up, and immediately struggles with her evil twin who says: " I did it all for you, sister!" Virginia eventually grabs the evil Virginia's face... tearing off a latex mask and reveals Ann standing there. Ann tells Virginia that she would drug her and dress up like her and kill people while disguised as Virginia. When Virginia asks Ann "why", Ann tells her that Virginia's mother was really Ann's father's mistress (which means that the two of them are really half sisters). Ann tells Virginia that Virginia's mother would not let Ann's father ever forget it. Virginia suddenly turns against Ann for killing all her friends and eventually stabs her. As Ann falls to the floor, she tells Virginia that that it doesn't matter if she didn't kill her for she had orchestrated this whole thing to frame Virginia for all the killings. Just as Ann dies, a police officer walks in as Virginia is standing there before Ann's dead body holding the bloody cake knife. "Dear God, what have you done?!" the policeman exclaims. Virginia drops the cake knife and realizes (way too late) that the insane and murderous Ann had indeed gotten her final revenge because it is strongly implied that Virginia will be arrested and get blamed for all the killings that Ann actually did... with no possibility now to prove her innocence.
tt0073092
Crime,Drama,Sport
Chaney (Charles Bronson) rides into New Orleans with two dollars in his pocket. He meets Speed Weed (James Coburn), a fast-talking promotor of bareknuckle fights. Speed, against his own instincts, gets Chaney a bout with one of the local toughs, and a career (or two) is launched. Chaney quickly makes a name for himself, but Speed does his best to self-destruct, setting up a final fight that's a life or death matter for Speed.
tt0082910
Drama,Horror,Romance
Off the coast of a Caribbean island, a young couple, Lou and Lisa, flee the hotel in the middle of the night to have sex in the sea. But they swim into a sunken wreck which is also a piranha lair and they are both killed and eaten by the unseen piranha. The next day, a group of tourists, including Tyler Sherman (Steve Marachuk), are taking the diving courses provided by Anne Kimbrough (Tricia O'Neil), an employee of the Hotel Elysium. One of her divers swims into the wreck, which she has strictly forbidden to her divers. Leaving Tyler to take over and lead the others to the surface, she discovers almost immediately that her 'missing' student has swam into the wreck and been killed there when his badly chewed up body is found. Anne's estranged husband, Steve (Lance Henriksen), a police officer, refuses to listen to Anne about her wanting to have a look at the body, because she needs to know what happened. The death does not seem to match the attack pattern by any of the marine life in this area, which she knows better than anyone. For her not to know what killed a diver is a dangerous sign. Steve intercepts Gabby (Ancil Gloudon), a dynamite fisherman, and his teenage son, and threatens to confiscate their boat, but as Gabby explains, Steve, Anne, and he, are old friends. Meanwhile, as the guests begin to flirt with each other (a middle-aged widow, named Beverly, flirts with a younger man, named Leo, who is a dentist), a pair of young women, named Jai and Loretta, arrive at the resort on a large sailboat. By their own admission, they are "sea bandits". Jai sneaks into the kitchen to steal food, but is intercepted by Mal (Arnie Ross), a mentally-challenged cook. She flirts with him, and he offers instead to make her a wonderful dinner. But as he goes to their boat with the meal, they take the meal and then undock, letting the boat drift. They try to convince him to jump, and he tries, and fails, so they mock him and sail off. That night, Jai and Loretta sail too far out, and are attacked by the piranha, who have developed the power to fly. Jai is attacked and her throat ripped out while Loretta falls into the water and gets eaten alive by the fish in the water. Worried about what's going on, Anne finds that she is being frequently bothered by Tyler Sherman, and so she takes him with her to the morgue in town to get a look at the body. It is revealed there that she became a marine biologist before she married Steve, and so she begins taking pictures. There, she finds that the body of the tourist has been eaten in many parts. A nurse comes in, kicks them out, and ends up quickly dead, for a piranha was hiding in the body and escaped in it. Armed with the power to fly, it kills the nurse by biting her throat out and escapes out a window into the night. In her hurry, Anne left her credit card behind at the scene. Anne and Tyler have a one night stand back in her room. But the next morning, while he sleeps, she begins to study the pictures, and is horrified by what she discovers. Steve arrives, throwing the credit card at her, angry first that she went to the morgue in defiance of him, and secondly that she has man in her bed. She tries to warn him of what she's discovered, but he ignores her and thinks she's a murderess. Anne tries to tell Raoul (Ted Richert) the pompous hotel manager, that she's canceling the dives because it isn't safe. Raoul at first pretends to be concerned, but swiftly fires her, thinking she is crazy. Attempting to capture one for further study, or at the very least take some pictures so she can prove what she's trying to tell Steve and the manager, she is intercepted by Tyler, who swiftly informs her that he is a biochemist and member of a team which has developed the ultimate weapon: a specimen of genetically modified piranha, with some other fish's genes intermixed, capable of flying. Earlier, and unfortunately, the team mistakenly deposited (or lost) a cylinder full of these fish when a cargo ship was sunk the water where the dead couple were found. Aaron provides the proof Anne needs to Steve, calling him and showing him, not merely some flying piranha he's recently caught, and never seen before, but also that they're a serious danger, because they're turning on each other. This is a sign that they're running out of food and will soon attack whatever they come near, including humans. At a meeting, Anne tries her best to reason with Raoul, to no avail. Steve surprises her, standing up for her and proving her case for her by throwing the body of a dead piranha onto the table. Steve tells her that she can't trust Tyler, because the army says he's crazy. She argued that Tyler's just been using her to get the message of the piranha out for him, to protect both himself and the residents of the hotel. Later that evening, a piranha attacks Gabby's son and kills him in his shack, leaving a bereft Gabby to vow revenge by killing the fish in the wreck they hide in. Anne tries to dissuade him, but it's too late. Having ignored Anne's advice, Raoul hosts a nighttime fish party to capture grunion, who come up to the beach to spawn at this time, making them easy prey for humans to capture and kill. Unfortunately for the residents, the piranha are also partially grunion and share the same instinct. During the fishing party promoted by the resort, the piranhas fly out of the water and attack the guests on the beach and at the hotel's courtyard pool. Anne leads those who survive into hotel, where they shut the doors and windows. Gabby tries to attack them, but they overwhelm and kill him as well. In the morning, the piranha withdraw, for Anne had discovered that they are not fond of daylight. Tyler and Anne decide to undertake Gabby's plan, and blow up the ship to destroy the predators. Meanwhile, the situation gets even tenser, for not merely can the piranha fly, but Anne and Steve's teenage son Chris (Ricky G. Paull) has been hired, against their wishes, by a local ship 'Captain', and his lovely daughter Allison (Leslie Graves). Chris and Allison sail away, and strand themselves on an island, leaving them vulnerable to piranha attacks that never actually happen. Getting lost at sea, they try to set sail again, heading straight toward the wreck. When Chris and Allison are stranded in a raft above the shipwreck, Annie and Tyler arrive in a motorboat and don scuba gear to dive down to the wreck to plant the timer charges that Aaron left behind. With only 10 minutes to get out of the wreck before the bomb explodes, Anne and Tyler are trapped in one of the sunken ships rooms by the murderous piranha who all return to the wreck. On the surface, Steve, piloting a police helicopter, ditches the chopper and swims to Anne and Tyler's motorboat where Chris and Allison are. With minutes left to spare before the bomb explodes, Steve powers up the boat and takes off. Down in the wreck, Tyler sacrifices himself to allow Anne to escape out of a porthole and to tie a survival rope around her waste allowing herself to be pulled away by the motorboat on the surface. At the last second, Anne gets clear and the bomb detonates, destroying the sunken ship and the piranha with it. With all the murderous fish dead, Anne swims to the surface and is picked up by Steve and the two kids in their boat.
